Flavia the Heretic is an undeniable art and may be my first suggestion of specifying that the film about the exploitation of the euro was assessed very seriously and should not be ignored. This is a smart and complex movie, realizing the beauty and ?? surprise ?? Quite precisely! This is more than a meaningless killing or unreasonable violence, and it's time for a prudent film committee to classify Flavia as a banned trash. So, Flavia is a century teenager. 14 beautiful, forced to live the lives of obedient nuns in a strict convent She refused to accept that she was inferior just because she was a woman and she swore her sister because of this very tolerance. After trying unsuccessfully to escape, she met another rebellious nun and she also brought a bloodthirsty Muslim troop into the convent's wall. <br /> <br /> Flavia is a very attractive movie. ! Almost impossible to believe that director Gianfranco Mingozzi tried to make it look realistic and annoying. I challenge you to create a topic that focuses more on pioneering feminist topics than Flavia does. There are many shocking scenes. (In reality at night) when the camera zooms in in a brutal, torture and torture scene But all of these raw images are not used to meet the needs in the wrong way. I strongly believe that they are part of the word 'Flavia'. Try to communicate: Humanity (especially the Catholic Church) proves itself in the past as a hypocritical and racist tribe and has no advantage to deny. It's longer Movies like "Flavia, the Heretic" have the courage to question and condemn our ancestors openly, and I truly admire them. Flavia is an outstanding and basic exploitation film because of its content. But it was brought to a higher level by great movies, beautiful costumes and scenery and amazing musical scores by Nicola Piovani Florinda Bolkin is very convinced as an ambitious and stubborn nun. But Maria Casares, who stole the performance as Sister Agatha She is a hateful nun and a person who likes to urinate in the open field! Reverend sister!
