I feel that this movie is about other human sexuality, whether intentionally or not. We also show that it is ridiculous and contradictory for women who are not allowed to do important national activities while at the same time forgetting our "progressive" past. I write from Japan that women are eligible to vote 60. Last year and female technical engineers were the latest phenomenon. The British pub was once a man. The business world was full of restrictions for women in America until recently, and women in China had a foot bound, so they couldn't develop their feet strong enough to escape the husband. have Iran is going through this period comfortably and we will see if we look ridiculous once or not. Back to sex issues, we were wondering if it might be about women who made them unfit for football games. (The official reason is that men are not good), especially for girls who are younger than two or three, so that you can get the feeling that lesbians are on the agenda as well. I think one point is that not all women are the same, and the women that the police try to "protect" are not those who try to participate The opening scene of the entrance to the stadium makes you appreciate the courage of the young woman trying to come in and separate - it's a cruel world of humans. Any woman who is brave enough to try should be allowed! The world of sex is not the size that is suitable for everyone. <br /> <br /> At the same time, the criminal offense of a woman caught on a temporary pen to wait for exile to know and where in a profound way. more Start bonding with security personnel, take care of them. These things have clear ideas about women and women who are being challenged. The change of attitude is frozen. <br /> <br /> Because this film is pure Iran from the first moment, it makes the foreigners relax a little. But the characters have a special way to love themselves To you and you will get a whole picture and understand the misunderstanding of men and make them slack The villain that is supposed to be the unseen master of the Ayatollahs, who is still invisible and unnamed and is likely not to be diagnosed. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this movie was taken Done during the actual event Fear for everyone involved
