Do you think people will know more about: Iranian cinema or Iranian football? Interestingly, both returned to the forefront of Iranian film director Jafar Panahi on 'Offside', which is a story that uses football or access to football as a backdrop for scenes that rotate to the right to do something or Go somewhere and Individual rights to expand that courtesy, if and when they want The strange thing is that you are not far from being wrong with learning about Iranian football or Iranian movies too. (Unless it is Panahi's controversial study) but you feel that you know at least some people from Iran Bringing controversial issues that are clearly still in force in countries like Iran and willing to present to international audiences more than take advantage of it. <br /> <br /> I can remember the World Cup. 2006, of course, many people can do It was summer after my first year at the university and after the motto that was my first year, the summer of football, the World Cup served as a well-defined tonic. I saw every game bar that they performed with other games at the end of the group round to avoid accidents as seen in Spain '82 when it was thought that West Germany and Austria appeared to receive The result between them is to see them both through the cost of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Everyone in the UK watching the BBC broadcast of Iran ?? Mexico's two national games for the first time of the match may be remembered at the top of the BBC program Gary Linech anchorman. Anchorman footballers gave ridicule to suggest the match. What is it like: 'We've seen giants in Germany, England, Argentina and Holland play. But now we can see ......... Mexico and Iran fight. "The emphasis on the inferiority of the latter two is clear and that may look at them as a boring job. It's a shame because there are people and movies like Offside presenting them who are willing to see Iran play to the point that they risk their well-being to achieve and it's sad when people are. In a position that has the power of 'inferior' when there are others who do everything to have the opportunity to participate otherwise. <br /> <br /> When thinking of the word 'Iran', 'football' and 'World Cup ' now Back to the French game '98 between such countries and America This is a movie about the World Cup game related to Iran. But most Iranian filmmakers or some people may choose to present a story that revolves around the famous victory of Iran in the United States and what it means to them. Director Panahi chose to look at In what happened behind the scenes and presented stories from the amphitheater while women were barred from football and were not allowed to live the joy of winning a great game You can imagine the heavy film that details Iran's 'victory' as a propaganda film that is designed to take advantage when they 'overcome' Western powers or 'enemies' in sports. They may not expect <br /> <Two movies that came to mind when talking about their defeat in the Indian film 'Lagaan' in 2001, in which the Indians In 2005, 'The Game of Our Lives' saw the Americans beat England in this football match only in the 1950 World Cup. The difference between these movies This and the offside is great. Looking for the situation behind state thoughts and courage to explore the essence of feminism as women try to see Iran beat their beloved Iran, Bahrain and qualify for the World Cup. Around like an animal and kept in a pure place From the suspended window which will make them see the game The reason is to use vulgar language that humans 'may' do not want, but 'may' be used during the game. This film presents Iran as incompetent until they cannot use the rights of men in swearing and forbidding bad language. But must prohibit the rights of women to watch the game together, right? It is not surprising that Panahi's movie was banned in Iran. <br /> <br /> But Panahi remembers that it was the first thing that made the rules crazy, allowing his female characters to smoke and use their phones. hold Two things that doctors and scientists will make you think are harmful to the human body / mind rather than hearing the inappropriate language in the football match. Panahi paid special attention to the name of the movie 'Offside', which is the case in detail. Football when the 'attacker' is 'caught' trying to gain an advantage in the field of play The genre related to the position of women in this film is a breakthrough. (Supposedly without correct) the person arrested, trying to place one over the opposition team; That is my own status. <br /> <br /> I think Offside is one of the better movies to come out of the Middle East and around the bay that I have seen. It's a tense movie. But insulting about people who do not have a history of acting according to IMDb. Therefore, acting is raw and real and adds to the aura that is new to everyone. The instant ending is haunted and the ongoing verbal struggle between male soldiers and female offenders who dare to challenge the state is a great thing. I think for anyone who doesn't like this movie for the reason I mentioned, showing a different level of heartache, whether or not you work in the Iranian government.
