In Iran, women are not allowed to participate in sporting events. Men seem to "protect" them from cursing and vulgar language that they may hear emanating from male fans (so because men cannot control or behave. The woman was forced to Suffering. Going to think.) "Offside" tells the story of a half-dozen or more young women dressed as men trying to sneak into a match between Iran and Bahrain. High stakes bet that in 2005 Iran qualified to go to the World Cup. (The movie is really filmed mostly during that game. <br /> <br /> "Offside" is a live-action comedy that will remind you of all the great sympathetic movies. ("The shop on the main road" "Loves of blond hair," "The train that watched closely", etc.) that flowed from the Czechoslovakia, which is part of "Prague Mira "In the mid-1960s, as with those works," Offside "involves observing life rather than assuming imaginary imagery. Indeed, it is the simplicity of the setting and the naturalness of the style that makes the movie very effective. <br /> <br /> When discovering their trickery, those women are connected by a small pen. Outside the stadium Can hear the cheers from the inside game Where they are, what they can do, ask the security personnel to let them go in times of general good-natured children who are forced to act as part of compulsory military service. Even the most men who entered the stadium did not feel that they were allowed by these women. But there are still taboos But we will not be impressed with the true courage and courage of these women when they go up on a system that continues to enforce ridiculous and lagging restrictions. And yet, the purpose of these women is to not gather after the incident or do "point out". They are fans who are obsessed with the strong desire to watch football games and, like all men in the country, encourage Their team <br /> <br /> It's hard to say how much the dialogue has and how How much But in any case, the actors with their amazingly expressive faces will do a great job, making each moment look realistic and fully reliable. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are outstanding in the selection process. Excellent show The film's structure is loose and very independent. Writer / director Jafar Panahi and co-author Shadmehr Rastin focus on a short time in one or two characters, then move smoothly and easily. With the method of making this documentary, we feel as though we are seeing real events in "real time". Often it is quite easy for us to forget that we are actually watching movies. <br /> <br /> It is A very clever movement in the filmmakers' part to combine good-humored humor into the movie (it's something the Czech filmmakers can do as well). What better way to point out And the most ridiculous situation and expand the interest of this film for both domestic and international audiences Obviously "advancing" is a cry for justice. But it is something that makes everything more effective by refusing to do this sad matter But realized that there was nothing to break down social barriers as effectively as jokes and to attract the attention of general humanity of the audience. And no matter what the true art should be about? With a quiet and friendly way, "Offside" is one of the great and unpopular gems in 2007.
