Panahi, whose previous films, such as The Circle and Crimson Gold, seem to have range from dour to grim. Produced in his new series, funny pieces, funny and chaotic outfits, ended with sincere liberation and fun? But the movie is related to the content, quite challenging and relevant, just like anything else he did. By focusing on a group of young female football fans who are keen on the Bahrain-Iran World Cup at Tehran Stadium before the World Cup, Panahi presents national spiritual issues and free thinking and conflict? And true nonsense? About the religious apartheid of the regime in the modern competitive world with the majority of the teenage population and the girls in the city who think more and more. <br /> <br /> When the film opens Father is chasing a lost daughter This one is disguised and has a national color as a warp. But we cringe with her in the knowledge of what will happen: she still sees easily Is something that most people don't care about Even so, the rule is a rule and when they try to do it through various checkpoints on the way to the large football stadium that is a female footballer or some of them continue to get rounded and held in the floor area. On a little in the stadium By most young green military police and rural people who do not have the idea of ​​how to handle the independent ideas of these big city girls and want to watch the game? Where do we hear the roar in the background? How are each woman different? Represents a set of different reasons for wanting to break the rules and methods of doing it. One person wears a military uniform and goes into the staff section There are those who are tough and masculine and mock and provocative. (She can pass for a beautiful boy and tease him at: "Are you a woman or a man?" "Who do you want me to be?") No one cares much about football. But to honor the dead friends. One (Aida Sadeghi) is an enthusiastic footballer and others. These Tehrani women are stubborn and intelligent, and they walk around a responsible rural lieutenant (Safar Samandar), one of the policemen. The countryside (Mohamad Kheirabadi) brought female footballers to the male bathroom. (Of course, no women) forced her to wear posters of Italian football stars as masks. The comedy of errors and chaos followed by the woman escaping. <br /> <br /> Later, the beautiful van came with the officers who directed the police to take the girls to the filter plan? Violation of sex discrimination rules is considered a secondary qualification. Men mixed with them or not ?? Children who are guilty of smuggling fireworks in the game The van turned out to be not very beautiful: the radio antenna was broken. But one policeman kept the place so that they could listen to the news reporting that made the heart stop more Police and prisoners are excited together now. No score, the game will be penalized and the winner will go to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background, this is a real game, a real stadium and a group of crazy young men. The result of this event The excitement is great and the streets are filled with cars and flags and supporters groups praying for the Iranian people to win and gather together in excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie so good? By now, it was shot in the evening of the actual game and the final scene that changed everything. This is in contrast to Panahi's highly calculated storytelling course, creating a vérité that takes place on a rhythmic background of real events and makes you excited in a rather exciting way. <br /> <br /> The essence of Offside is the disconnect between the modern world football craze and the retro Islamic social taboo that oppress women? That existed when Iranian women became part of the world in which women participate in sports and participate in the national team's enthusiasm How do you compromise the ambition of the country to become a modern, world-class power and a social attitude that is a Middle Ages Offisde? It is amazingly true, including the way everyone tries to say everything. The director's decision to inject new actors into the great sporting event leads to a powerful combination of documentaries, quarrels and novels that are too powerful to have bones to choose. <br /> <br /> I used to book about Panahi's movie before, but this story is great. Panahi did amazing things here. He criticizes his society, offering unusual plays and touching our hearts with the feelings of inspiration of the country.
