In Iran, women are not allowed to participate in sporting events for fear that they are "damaged" with bad language, close to thousands of men, and the fact that there is no bathroom for women in ancient stadiums. Based on the actual incident involving the daughter of director Jafar Panahi, Offside has six girls disguised as men who were denied access to a football match in 2005 between Iran and Bahrain. The competition to decide whether Iran will go. Whether or not the World Cup. In departing coldly, the minimalist movie that we are familiar with from Iran in the past ten years, Offside is a comedy that has a passionate love. Hot and international But there are enough social criticisms that have been overthrown to guarantee the ban on Iran. <br /> <br /> Take pictures with a digital camera using non-professional actors who have more than a mission. Enter the Azadi Stadium in Tehran. But was arrested and placed in a shelter outside the stadium. They were guarded by three enlisted men (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-abadi and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud) who expressed uncertainty about their mission. But was treated according to the rules Women are people who like to play football, not political activists and encourage the victory of Iran. But this did not prevent the soldiers from detaining them while waiting for the girls to be sent to the team and the future is uncertain. <br /> <br /> Frankly speaking instead of acting as a victim, they ask questions. Continuing with the military about the reasons behind the limitations makes their absurdity quite clear. Although they heard the crowd But women cannot see the action But received a slight victory when they persuaded a soldier to comment on the game One of the most fun scenes occurred when "prisoners", a woman being taken to the men's room by soldiers The recruitment of a young man must deal with the riots nearby when he must prevent others from using the facilities while the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Little by little to Paraphrase Adlai Stevenson that became a combination Will be greater than what divides them and the unlikely enemies to gather at the back of the country and their roots for victory to send Iran to the World Cup Although this issue will occur Early and often, and this film is in the middle, but the offside is a point that tells the society that the political elite with medieval social ideas have to fight with educated citizens. Who would hope that the pressure from the world and the public awareness would force Ayatollah to agree with the 21st century?
