I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed during the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifying round. Offside did a great job in both comedy and tragedy. The movie follows the wealth of a group of girls trying to sneak into the football match at Tehran's Azadi Stadium. The country's Islamic leaders have determined that women may not be sitting with men in sporting events, fearing that He will experience the curse and other morally suspicious behavior. This does not stop the young female fans of the country who are still secretly using trickery. But Panahi focused on small groups that were caught and kept close to action. They asked the weary soldiers who took care of them to let them go, or at least to let them see the competition. The soldiers told them that they should not try to go inside to watch the game at home on TV. They joking around in real time while the game continues, just turn off the camera. <br /> <br /> There is a very funny scene where a young soldier comes in with a woman in the bathroom. Since there is no female toilet in the stadium, he must wash every room of the man before he can allow her to enter. In addition, he makes her conceal her face so no one sees her as a woman. This can be done by using Iran Ali Daei football star poster as a mask with a hole punched out. <br /> <br /> You have a real feeling that even the soldiers were puzzled by the prohibition. Their order to accelerate the end of their military service One soldier complained that he should leave to care for the livestock of the rural family. Children and soldiers talked little by little and showed mercy to both sides to show that these were good people. Living in a bad situation However, the constant warning that the "chief" is on his way lends a dangerous feeling because we don't know what kind of punishment a woman will face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian movies Which is known for their strong image. Offside is filmed in a true style without trickery. In fact, the film was created during the qualifying match against Bahrain, which actually occurred on June 5, 2005, "Plot" in many ways, depending on the results obtained from the field. If Iran wins the competition, they will qualify. If they lose, they will not. Since the World Cup has arrived, I don't think it's a spoiler to say that Iran won the competition. The celebration scene at the end of this movie is real and natural, which makes this movie a reality. Seeing what this means to the people of Iran. <br /> <br /> As well, a young woman makes a reference at the end of this film to seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan competition. On March 25, just a few weeks ago They were trampled to death after the police began to inject water for the crowd to move in the exact direction. Knowing that this is a tragedy in real life has increased the level of pain in celebrating again. <br /> <br /> I don't want to go out to experience politics for a long time, but this film gives real hope that there is Those in Iran who hope to change and work with it Iran is a country of young people and is only a matter of time before they replace the adults in politics. This film shows the pride of the Iranians despite the current problems and I sincerely hope to have a bright future for them.
