Anna (Ursula Andres) entered the official RN position by former lover Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), clearly in the nursing widow, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso ), Return to health after a heart attack But Benito is the leader of the heirs and businessmen, including American entrepreneur Kitch, with hidden motives that reflect what Anna hopes to achieve in the count. He has a history that women are more fond of and will "be weak" when he is treated. Bad people derailed because Anna didn't get close and grew closer to the count. The ending may be said to be ridiculous. But it might be better to explain that it is predictable. <br /> <br /> But there is plenty for the plot - this movie is a completely erotic comedy from beginning to end and good. how There are many nude scenes, including the scenes of Anna and Jole, one of the terrible heirs, played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are famous former Bond women and are known among male audiences. While she's doing in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays the evil woman, sort of, even less gracefully. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene is Anna's (slow) complete bar and Jumping on the bed, Adone "another patient" (which is incredibly resisting) in an attempt to find what he knows about PTSD. But now she still has to face each other twice (better) because she decides not to follow However, Benito is more than two women, with both the length of both Anna and Jol, and the best erotic scene is the argument between him and Joel. This is a confrontation that stands up where Luciana goes down to the black panties only. Another good thing is that Ursula swims naked in the pool of the settlement. The count is free as a customer, putting his hand wherever he wants. Ursula and he takes advantage. Hey I returned to the name of the actress in my description. Erotic scenes that are related to other women, including the chasing of an amusing wine cellar. "The Sensuous Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but not necessarily - it's fun without interruption. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
