Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his training with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Chada Pinkett Smith) and he has two daughters. (Camille LaChe Smith & Imani Hakim) He also let his parents stay in his large apartment in New York City. In any way, he felt that his life was quite empty. One day, ordinary in the city, he saw a roommate of Charlie Firman College. (Adam Sandler), which Alan didn't see Charlie in the past year When Alan tried to be friends with Charlie again Charlie is a depressed person who hides his true feelings from those who care about him. Since Charlie lost his family unexpectedly, they were on a plane on September 11, 2001, when Alan almost felt comfortable with Charlie. When Alan talks about his past, Charlie turns to Alan or anyone who talks about his late family. Now Alan tries to help Charlie and try to make his life a little easier. But Alan knows that Charlie's talk of his true feelings is harder than he thought. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Summer, The Upside of Anger) impresses the human drama Of sadness, truth and comedy as well Sandler presented an impressive performance which Sandler presented in his plays more than he did in Paul Thomas Anderson's Cheadle film Punch-Drunk Love. As usual, Pinkett Smith is a good person. As Alan Liv Tyler's supportive wife is a good person, as well as a young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows, it's quite as good as a beautiful lonely woman interested in Alan. This film is a disappointing box office movie, even with excellent reviews. The actors are first-rate. Here, the writing and the best director and popular movie Widescreen of Russ T. Alsobrook. The picture <br /> <br /> DVDs have clear Anamorphic Widescreen transfers (2.35: 1) and Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound. The DVD is also a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, which is a photo editing and preview feature. I expect more for DVD features such as voice reviews by directors and deleted scenes. "Reign over me" is one of the best movies released this year. I'm sure this movie looks good on the big screen. Which sadly I didn't have the opportunity to see it in the cinema But it is a type of movie that plays well on DVDs The film also has a good soundtrack and has many familiar faces in supporting roles and bits. Even the director is also involved, like Byran Sugarman, who is an actor. "Occupy me" is one of the lowest-rated images of this year. It's the best Sandler movie in my taste since "The Wedding Singer". Don't miss HD Widescreen (**** 1/2 from *****).
