Most of the people who watch this movie will have an idea of ​​what it is about. The man lost his family and even his dog on a flight from Boston on the morning of September 11, 2001. What you might not know before watching this movie is: How does it feel? What do you do with that And how will it affect you and how you relate to every day? The story unfolds slowly and painfully from the door and quickly warms up as the newly renovated relationship between the dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and Charlie Feena's roommate Am (Adam Sandler) The shape. The characters appear in this film, which at first their appearance doesn't seem to be developed. But in reality, stay with this story and you'll find that the simplicity of each character is something that makes this story convincing. People actually live in real situations where they can do anything. But stood alone while one of them collapsed The pain in Charlie's mind is clear from the beginning and grows as we learn more about his character revealed by Sandler as an onion layer. One layer at a time with the brightness and weight combined It is a delicate act that he sneaks into you and enters your head as you watch him on the screen. Cheadle's Alan Johnson is delicate and equally as Don Cheadle looks at all the time. Easy to appear on Cheadle's screen, talking about his complete acting skills. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is delicate in terms of the texture of the movie, as well as the situation that he wants. Easy and honest enough to intrigue even Charlie. It was Alan who had a mission to open Charlie's carefully sealed life. There is a natural danger in the process. Alan is even more frustrated by Charlie's opening as far as service, friends and psychologists Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler) are even closer to the danger of pushing Charlie to the edge. It was the hell that Charlie shook in every moment of awakening, and one he learned to navigate through true rejection. He rejected everything that had been before him in order to stay with his loss. Unfortunately, his grief is one thing he cannot deny. Sandler sighed deeply into the pain of his character during the expulsion of the story. By the time he met his evil demon, the audience would share his pain almost equally. Alan stands alongside Charlie throughout this rigorous process, which is at risk of tempting his own perfect home life, running with the grace and admirable performance of his wife Janen (Chada Pinkett Smith) While likely to recover Charlie's, Alan looks inside and realizes his own screaming silently in the death of freedom that he once was. owner His reward that helped Charlie is helping himself to connect with what he lost. The theme is similar to The Fisher King; Another story of a man who separated himself from the frenzy of grief and loss. Like The Fisher King, the story ends with some form of tradition. Northern reign Lidia Sinclair (played by Amanda Plummer in The Fisher King) is Donna Remar (Saffron Burrows), a woman who is about to collapse and a patient with Johnson's slim body. unstable Charlie's insanity It's a good ending for the story. But one element is probably the smallest ring Then again, there may be someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
