I did not enter "Reign over me" without knowing what to expect from the director or story I think the plot is easy enough to understand. This man's family died on 9/11 and he closed his life. Alright I don't know if it will use terrorism attachment as a platform to talk about that or other related issues. And whether or not it is not very clear, so if you are afraid to be surrounded From political opinions that may be different from yours, I don't have to worry about it. I think the writing still has issues not to mention. "September the eleventh" clearly. <br /> <br /> Overall, I'm impressed. It is very animated. This film has a lot of humor and clarity. But it is definitely a drama In general, I don't like to think that comedians can't actually show. But sometimes we speak straight Adam Sandler is certainly capable. (And although I think that you may not agree, Jim Carrey is also a well-rounded person .. sometimes) Sandler's image of Charlie Fineman uses characters that appear on unrealistic surfaces and Certainly convinced I read many reviews that criticized Alan Johnson's writing. (Don Cheadle, in another great role, if not someone who looks like his latest image), a wife who is a good player from Chada But that's not true. <br /> <br /> She has depth, but some are hidden behind the main story that floats in and out of focus from time to time. (Which reminds of some unusual transitions that occurred in the beginning of the movie with fadeout "making everything out of focus" strange after the first 40 minutes, they will no longer be used Art or maybe they just know how annoying it is.) The film begins to reveal to us the point (one of many, but certainly the most obvious) of the story, which sometimes people have to deal with sadness. In my own way, maybe we may look unorthodox for us. Maybe it doesn't look good. But may be something that some people want more than anything else, just forget That just exists Great movie soundtrack and use of music to pursue and add emotions instead of creating them which give credit to actors and writers. <br /> <br /> The film takes its name from the song "Love, the reign of Eh. Me "from Who's rock Opera, Quadrophenia. The song itself is not important to the real story. But it is effectively used in movies at the time of the peak and ultimately The film progresses well and does not feel it dragging anywhere in length, which is less than 2 hours. If you can accept Adam Sandler's image of a heartbroken and deeply spoiled heart, you will enjoy. Go with the movie You will get involved in the story and you will truly feel the characters in every minute. It's not the best movie of the year and there is nothing new or amazing in positive terms. But it is a fun movie and can be watched by all
