On September 11, 2001, there were millions of deaths, but 2,819 lives ended horribly. They were victims of plane robberies by extremists whose only mission was to destroy buildings. But more important is the people This film takes a deep look at the four people whose life has been cut short from this disastrous event and a man whose life has been destroyed by the loss of life. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman A former dentist who lives in New York lost his wife and three children on September 11 while they traveled to Los Angeles. The devastating emotions from various events, he eventually lost contact with everyone who reminded him of his past life. Including his close friends and close friends (Played by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon, and Mike Bender) He completely refused and tried his best to forget about his past life. This story continued until he ran into former college friend Alan Johnson. (Played by Don Cheadle) in which Fineman doesn't seem to remember Both started to catch, but Fineman believed that Johnson was sent from his former people to persuade him to ask for help slowly. But of course, Fineman was trusted by Johnson. <br /> <br /> While this is happening, Alan Johnson's life is walking the wrong way. He is a self-employed person (dentist) that helps initiate dental practice. One day, his patient, Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) tried to move. He told him that she wanted to show him oral sex. This is an unpleasant surprise to Dr. Johnson, because he is a married man with two children When he returned home from work on one working day, he saw his old friend (Fineman) and tried to attach his flag. He succeeded But he was given another chance and persuaded Fineman to get the coffee with him, despite the fact that Fineman didn't know who he was. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting things. The thing about this movie is the use of music as the norm. One of the physiology of the staff is Fineman, especially Springsteen and classic rock artists. When Fineman was asked to reveal his past or talk about what he found to be unpleasant, he wore headphones and sank Water the world with his music. <br /> <br /> When this film ends, I have my thoughts: How can I cope with losing my family? How can I handle this tragic event? It's something we don't think too often. We always think that they will be there and we always accept them, whether we intend or not. We are always aware of the importance when they are too late. And the explosive sound that can destroy someone physically, emotionally and physiologically I don't really know how I can handle something like that. I will face the problem, cope and move forward with my life, or will I put my headphones and protect the world?
