Over and over again, it seems that Hollywood comedians surprised me with their talents as a drama actor: the first is Robin Williams {'One Hour Photo (2002)'} then Jim Care Rory {'Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004)' is an example} Then Will Ferrell {'Stranger Than Fiction (2006)'} and now Adam Sandler Yes, it is absolutely correct: people who have a career throughout making foolish comedies {I'm not complaining. Eventually I became a girlfriend} gave him a performance which he was proud of Of course, some readers may wonder what happened to 'Punch-Drunk Love (2002)' but I can only be sure that it is a movie that I am using to watch as soon as possible, since I heard that many of the first films My director Mike Binder's 'reign over me' is a wise exploration and respect for grief and friendship. Although sometimes it will get lost in the familiar territory too. But the unpredictable story proves surprisingly deep and moving. Both Sandler and Don Cheadle give memorable performances. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist. With a good family, although he found himself unable to adequately communicate with his wife (Chada Pinkett Smith), so his marriage was quite shaky. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) was Alan's old roommate, a man who lost a family from a terrorist attack on September 11, 2001 and still faces a melancholy feeling A messy figure with messy hair and depressed eyes. (Often compared to Bob Dylan) Charlie has abandoned his dental careers and spent his free time: listening to music with headphones that cut all the sounds from the outside world. Around Manhattan on a scooter that uses his engine, soak up the strange video game and repeatedly decorate the kitchen in his apartment, following the last wish of the deceased wife. When Alan and Charlie met for the first time in many years, the latter didn't know any old friends by leaving any memories before he had a chaotic life experience. In fact, at first he didn't even accept the existence of his family and immediately lost his temper whenever someone suggested that he ask for advice at first. <br /> <br /> At first it might look. It is a trivial matter for filmmakers to use the September 11 attacks as a storytelling device. After that, it will not be devastating if Charlie's family dies in a car accident that occurs on a daily basis? However, if you consider that the director's intention is to show the great pain that has occurred to the tragedy of ordinary citizens, then 'Reign Over Me' is a very good job. It's easy to get caught up in meaningless statistics, which you will ignore the emotional costs of terrorist attacks. This is the first 9/11 film I saw that involves the suffering of those who are not involved, which the pain is caused by losing the people they love. Adam Sandler shows a surprising moment in one of the difficult roles that will break into pieces if he doesn't depend on the job. When talking about cheerfulness, anger, and sudden depression, Charlie Fineman is a person we can deeply sympathize with the hollow spirit that must be thankful to her old friends. Finally, we can see the light at the end of the darkened dark tunnel
