May have a destroyer! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) who lost his family in tragedy (Terrorist attacks on September 11) still regret their death. He ran into a roommate in the old college, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and the two became friends. Alan vowed to help his old friend with the great loss. This is the simplicity of the basic story of the reign of me Belongs to us Alan is stuck in a life that he knows is not fulfilling anymore. He felt friendly and did not connect with his own reality. He could not communicate with his wife and colleagues. He could not express his feelings and as a result he felt lost and away from his world. He had a chance with Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving out of his job. Eventually he found and discovered that Charlie (who originally didn't remember Alan) was in his own reality. Charlie returned to a period of his life when he had no family. He lives as if he were still a student, playing in rock bands, collecting vinyl records of the 1960s and 1970s, and playing video games. He escaped to a better and safer time in his life without a criminal, and he had very little to lose. Everyone in this movie was affected by the tragedy that resulted in Charlie and his forgiveness going to a different and better place (?). His landowner was a defender and an assistant at good His brother-in-law was broken out of his life because they would take him back to the fact that his family is now from his life. And Alan was most affected by him because Alan wanted (At first, selfishness had to escape from his own realities) to be with Charlie as a way to remove himself from his own reality. He wanted to find a way to help Charlie recover from it. His own guilt and denial of loss It passed this relationship that not only But Charlie is able to heal himself But in fact, Alan learned to communicate and flatter his true desires with his colleagues and eventually be able to accept to his wife that he can't. Able to communicate his true feelings with her But he needs so much because he loves her In fact, it was a painful time in this film when things with fans and Charlie were confronted with the reality of being put on hold that he and Alan were talking about the situation with "China". Charlie said he was in The truth is worrying about Alan and not himself. <br /> <br /> This film if you let it take you through the river of emotions and let you think. It will make you laugh at the way Charlie uses his words, just as people use in everyday life to create funny sentences about real situations. It will make you almost tears. (In my case, true tears) when Charlie faces his grief and begins to come to grips with his great loss. And in fact, the sad truth is his guilt and loss, never leaving him at all, and he manages it the only way he knows: denying it will make you curse in the cold The unexpected action of the prosecutor trying to win his "case" (as I had done when hearing Charlie!) And it will make you smile when the old judges are clever and intelligent, (Donald Sutherland, who Excellent in his short role and giving the best performance of the wise and strict in the legal profession because Wilford Brimley is the Assistant Attorney General in the absence of Malice) <br /> <br /> This movie This is a miracle for me for other reasons: (1) I never watched my watch again during the movie show. Which means I have from beginning to end (2) even though actors are racial But this fact is not important to the role of the characters in the movie Race is not a factor that affects the role of this film. Amazing people can interact without bringing this truth out! And (3) the only reference to 9/11 was when Charlie's financial lawyer cited the tragedy of Charlie's loss, "What Charlie did on 9/12" when it was a real test of the movie. This story will be outstanding in the future. But if the purpose of the film is not just to entertain But in order to think and have that movie stay with you long after you leave the theater Surprisingly successful as far as I'm concerned I have not forgotten this wonderful thought-provoking film and I will wait anxiously for the day I can buy as a DVD.
