The reign of Overland has been successful due to the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle, while the comedian who plays the drama is seen as a distraction. But Sandler is not a stranger with a more serious role Most of the characters he plays have unstable and vulnerable habits that can explode at any time. He may be typecast for characters with hidden anger problems. However, this show has a remarkable weight, which is different from his role in a little joke, such as Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. <br /> <br /> In the film, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) runs into the room. His old roommate Charlie Finerman (Sandler), whom he has not seen for many years Five years ago, Charlie had lost his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie almost can't remember the character of Cheadle caused by the suppression of his memories and the life of a child that is a result of an accident. It wasn't until Alan continued to participate in the conversation that Charlie recognized who he was. Their new relationship will allow Finerman to have a friend who does not talk about his loss, eventually causing him to face the thoughts and feelings he has pressed for his own condition. <br /> < br /> Although the author, director Mike Binder did not show much style in each sense and some of his shots and transitions were quite awkward, he had the ability to perform well from actors. Of him as a writer, talented and funny. He filmed this movie with a digital camera because the filmmakers began to do more, allowing the crew to shoot night scenes with limited light. This made the colorful background of New York City in focus. But resulting in the creation of digital tablets, often similar to the blue dots that are scattered and moving on the screen. <br /> <br /> Almost all the main characters in Reign Over Me are performing. Chada-Pinkett Mith and especially Liffey Tyler are memorable in their role as a wife who is disappointed with the character of Cheadle and the psychiatrist. However, it is Sandler and Cheadle that give their best work to date. They own this movie completely. In fact, Sandler plays a character that doesn't look outside or acts like himself, partly credited with Bob Bob Dylan-Knight, although Cheadle's character has more screen time than Sandler. Couples should be considered as leaders while they support and help each other throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> Music plays an important role in this film. Especially the song title "Reign over me" or "love my reign" by anyone and after by Pearl Jam In the most powerful moment in this film, Binder shows that Sandler uses music to close his feelings and memories. But this song caused such intense emotions instead of reducing his anger All reigning over me is a sad comedy. But many times, driven by remarkable performances
