Love hurts. That I think is the main message of Mike Binder's newest film that reigns over me. No matter how much love that will make your relationship stop or make anger from someone you love, unfaithful for many years, or break your heart until you cannot open yourself to the world, love hurts. However, the wonderful thing about this film is not in describing these lost souls, trying to release their past sorrow. But eventually restarting the new bond in the future No one in this drama is perfect; They are at a certain level that is stuck in the emotional relationship that they cannot release themselves from alone. There is heavy content here and I believe that Binder has never made this a political comment. But permeates important moments with a really good comedy bit that helps the story to be a character and small compared to the epic Events that occur over the head Things that might become a boring vehicle for comments about the 9-11 method affect all of us, ending up with a story about two men and the connections they share. The only thing that can save their lives. Br /> <br /> This is a new career show for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director Paul Thomas was the first to see the anger that looked. Young And boring in his stupid comedies The youthfulness of the characters like Billy Madison helps to make laughs and bad emotions. But can also be used to show the repressed, shy and shutout men around the world around him. A man who does not have the confidence that needs compassion to destroy him From his shell Anderson let Sandler do that in his Punch-Drunk Love masterpiece and Mike Binder went one step further. Sandler plays the former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were killed in a plane that destroyed the World Trade Center on 9-11 for a moment, causing his life to collapse. And became a recluse and began to believe that he could not remember what happened before that day He sent a picture of a real man who tried to keep his charm in the head while the people around him, his loved ones, tried to open him to the reality of what had happened and what the future would be. Always and ready to snap whenever something talks about sparking the memories of his family's death. He lives with his iPod and headphones, closing everything in order to be unrecognizable. <Br / > I can't reign over me about Charlie Fineman, though it's about dentists and family members. Alan Johnson A man who caught himself in marriage and dental practices that both stopped in monotony. Johnson needed a lot of help in his life as his old college roommate did. Perfectly played by the great Don Cheadle, Johnson loses his spine to try and change his life. He had no friends, and when he saw Charlie accidentally, one day his life evolved into something he didn't feel in 15 years. He enjoyed the opportunity to hang out with an old friend, no matter how he changed from death Cheadle's character family wants to go back to the era of hangouts and Sandler doesn't care because of what happened before he met his wife. Both men received what they wanted and allowed themselves to grow up close, despite the loneliness many years that had dominated their lives. When they began to launch, it was inevitable that the story of tragedy would creep up and test the front that they created for themselves. <br /> <br /> The supporting actors were the work that Amazing to help track the traits of the two leading to Chada Pinkett. Smith was never an actor who impressed me and throughout the story, playing hard like a nail's wife. But it was her last scene on the phone with Cheadel Liv Tyler is a minor psychiatrist. But the movie calls her in this story and makes the casting process perfect. Many small pendants are also effective even for the role of writer / director Mike Binder as Sandler's best friend and best accountant. (The only reason I caught this is the reason why he felt it was necessary. Must enter his name Last but not least, is the beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a great actress and shows divorced love that tries to make her life come back astonishingly amazing. The role that looks like cartoon relief at first. But ultimately it became an important aspect for what was going on. <br /> <br /> Binder created one of the most incredible character studies I've seen for a long time. The direction is almost flawless. (Blurry between the cut and the characters in the background / background makes me really annoyed at first). Great performances and true stories about yourself, never the easy way or block yourself with neat Bow tie at the conclusion Even the music is wonderful and used to improve, not to give us emotions. (Why after using Titular music twice, The Who Binder felt the need to use the inferior Eddie Veddar at the end. I don't know. Unfortunately for me) Reign Over Me is a movie about love, and although it can cause the worst pain possible. But it can save us from regret
