This film was shown last night at Austin's Paramount Theater, which is part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were happy with the presence of director Mike Binder and actor Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle who took the audience questions after the movie. It's a remarkable and powerful movie about what is like losing yourself and starting to find a way back. The performance is phenomenal and the story can be handled both miserably and comically in a way that is too rare. (The movie trailer is trying too hard to focus on jokes.) <br /> <br /> This is a breakout role for Adam Sandler as he begins to transform into an amazing role with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. Is an important step for him as a drama actor He deserves an Oscar nomination, as he continues to change the more dramatic roles like Tom Hanks and Jim Carrey, too. In this role, he seems to be trying to make Dustin Hoffman in Rainman. Although playing as an autistic person is completely different from Sandler's traumatic character. But the two characters for different reasons are stuck in a world of loneliness and confusion like their own children. <br /> <br /> Well, after Hotel Rwanda and Crash, we come to a different performance from Cheadle. He has past qualities of sincerity and honesty in this role. But he was also broken and struggling if not in the same profound manner as Sandler's character Cheadle is struggling with difficulties both in marriage and in the profession of being a dentist. The characters played by Cheadle and Sandler fight to maintain each other in a way that true friends often do. (In a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting) Both of them are searching for their own part that they lose and trying to find again. <br /> <br /> Reign over me is One of the most important studio movies to be launched this year The soundtrack, which is almost another character in the story, is wonderful. Filming in the streets of New York - a city that has experienced a huge tragedy and has to treat itself - it's quite beautiful. The supporting role of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder himself are quite good. <br /> <br /> Writer / director Mike Binder really delivered. Stories that many people will be able to connect with on many levels This is a story about grief, family, healing, friendship, mental health and the meaning of love. The reign of the north I do not disappoint. This film is almost hypnotic because it takes you into the life of the character. Hollywood will have a much better reputation if it creates more charming characters like characters.
