Everyone is familiar with this most famous story? A heartless businessman visited by the ghost of his partner on Christmas Eve and warned that if he continued in his unknown ways, he would face the afterlife in the chain. In order for him to avoid the fate of his partner, he visited by the three spirits who showed him pictures of past, present and near Christmas, hoping that he would see the mistakes of the way. His way A rather scary story may be considered, but it is classic Charles Dickens and is also one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the immortal story of Dickens that generation. clear ; It's something I always remember watching in school and I remember it was absolutely scary! The ghost of Jacob Marley, the last scene with a Christmas ghost under the bridge and a ghost that has not yet arrived, especially I find it very scary. How did this film receive a 'U' certificate on the earth? (For non-British readers, 'U' is at the lowest level, meaning a friendly family and welcomes children. Nothing makes them scared, etc. ... This is certainly not the case because some small children. Will find the last group that is absolutely scary With a terrifying demon in the future of Christmas. <br /> <br /> Whether it's a classic story that I have seen from many classic movies adapted from this film The most striking thing is a segment that is rarely seen in the film adaptation of the original text - the demon of Christmas present, showing Scrooge, the two children hidden under his robe. (You never run away with this kind of scene today!) Children represent folly and need. (Even if changing to Want in this movie) <br /> <br /> Criticism for me, however, became obvious to see again with more objective and trained eyes. Scrooge Scott's image seems to be not cold enough. He laughs too much. I do not want to use the word cheerful, because of course, Ebeneezer is nothing but he seems to be just an old man who is not satisfied, instead of a ruthless person, cold and not interested in him in books and other films Patrick Stewart portrayed him perfectly in one of the latest versions of the filming, and Michael Caine, even acting alongside Muppets In addition, the development of the character in the range of movies as he learns more about the pitfalls of his methods and grows to redemption is not reliable and appears inconsistent. It seems that he has changed a bit as he comes to the last lesson of the third soul. <br /> <br /> But ignoring this story (Although being a major) is still the most fascinating and fascinating Christmas story Christmas movies should be London, of course, looks like a beautiful snow-covered city in which many Americans may imagine that it is still. (The truth is that even if London is gray and dirty, and any snow has never been white!), It is also perfectly flawless. Even the poor look rather stupid. But of course it's a Christmas movie, so why shouldn't everything look good? Viewing the perfect holiday season Together with a copy of it is a wonderful miracle life at 34th Street and The Snowman and you have everything you need
