What we have here is a terrifying little scary thriller that while lacking content. But still provides great entertainment at all times of use and overall everything you want to make in this movie I saw this film mainly because directed by John Dahl, the extremely humble director behind the great excitement, such as The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I think that if this film is the standard of things I have seen from the director, then it is worth watching - and Red Rock West is a movie that Dahl can certainly be proud of. The story focuses on Michael's virtues. A man traveling around America looking for a job He found that there was one day when he stumbled upon a bar in the Red Rock area - only caught that the job was to kill a man's wife. He was mistaken for a murderer named Lyle, but instead of working He played with both sides to each other and eventually planned to escape. However, his escape attempt was unsuccessful and he found himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle appeared ... <br /> <br /> John Dahl seemed to enjoy the scene. Thriller on the road He did it three years ago with Kill Me Again and almost a decade from this movie with Roadkill. It is not difficult to see why Dahl chose this type of place because it has a wonderful atmosphere for the thriller with what liked it Dahl also produced his film with a film-noir atmosphere, with the plot mainly focusing on the main characters and the words he put in, filled with dark and mysterious characters. Most of the performances are very good, with Nicholas Cage working well in the leading role and receiving A-class support from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and of course Dennis Hopper; Who controls his screen with maximum efficiency? It must be said that in the second half of this film is not as interesting as the first part. But Red Rock West was never boring and the way Dahl dealt with the great final scene was great in all the main characters. Part of it. Overall, Red Rock West is a movie that you don't regret. It's always exciting and you can't ask for more!
