Ealing Studios, a television and film production company based in West London, claims to be the oldest movie studio in the world. Even though movies and TV programs have been created continuously since the 30s, the golden age is definitely between 1948 and 1955, when it created many funny masterpieces starring Alex Guinness. Well-known names such as 'Whiskey Galore! (1949),' 'Passport to Pimlico (1949),' 'Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949),' 'Lavender Hill Mob (1951),' 'Titfield Thunderbolt (1953)' And 'Ladykillers (1955)', one of Ealing Studio's most beloved movies, 'The Man in the White Suit', launched in 1951 and starred with Alec Guiness as Sidney Stratton, an excellent inventor who created artifacts The amazing thing that was unexpectedly invented. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and unpopular. But he has many scientific abilities Due to his lower qualifications, his only job was a janitor or laborer at a large textile factory where he secretly conducted his own experiments using the company's own money and equipment after being discovered and carried out. Sidney was convinced that he was only a few weeks away from important scientific discoveries that would revolutionize the textile industry. Supported by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the owner of a textile factory, Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker) interested in Sidney's interests and agreed to do any additional financial work after many failed attempts. At times and the explosion that caused the earthquake a few times, Sidney finally unveiled his amazing inventions. The white fabric that was illuminated almost without being dirty and disintegrating. <br /> <br /> If Sidney thinks things are His mouth will Made him a hero, then he was very disappointed The chief authority in the textile industry, led by Sir John Kirlaw (Ernest Theserker), who was weak, gathered to make sure that the revolutionary invention could completely destroy their business. Similarly, the humbled workers in the union workers heard about the creation of Sidney and set out to remove it from their fears of existence. However, the inventor is convinced that sustainable fabrics will bring relief and happiness to many people and refuse to meet the needs of others, even being threatened with violence and offering compensation of 250,000 yen throughout. Both his problems in announcing his invention to the media, only offering her complete sympathy and support, Daphne's daughter Birnley The engaged to marry someone else. But falling in love with Sidney's fate. <br /> <br> 'Man in the White Suit' is a clever and hilarious comedy created by a witty script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick). And charming and charismatic performances from Alec Guinness that cannot be mimicked In addition, there are a few good habits that capitalism and large industries can inhibit progress for the benefit of their own financial situation, although we see both sides of the debate.
