In my heart, Aink's best jokes and one of my favorite movies forever The style of labor management v. (There are a lot of talk of unions and rights) Maybe the date of this film at the moment, because it is not a matter that all mentioned that much But that does not stop the "white dress" from the classic holiday show. <br /> <br /> The story about a man trying to create a new fabric that revolutionized the textile industry is not in chaos. It sounds exciting when writing down. With the fact that it is the true comedy of Ealing The fabric repels dirt and cannot cause deterioration! The small white dress at Alec Guinness, worn in the second half, becomes the heart of many images and symbols, such as Guinness, that can use an indestructible thread to climb a steep wall! The script itself is full of dry wisdom - "Is he fine?" "Yes." "Pity." - And the classification is the first rate. I was amazed at the great direction in these movies as well. Comedians in the next era will bring "Point the camera at the actors and leave it." Thoughts, Ealing movies often try to light interesting and angles and innovations. This movie is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's an actor who raises the material level. Alex Guinness gives an excellent performance with eyes that convey surprise, happiness and defeat. Whenever the story needs it, Stratton is a man who has forgotten everything except his work. This lonely character may become bored or frustrated quickly, but Guinness makes him very fond of it, so the closing of the film makes a real sense of urgency when Stratton tries to come out on top. in the world He used to work for Joan Greenwood as a strong woman, another role, and was a great pleasure to watch as usual, as well as Cecil Parker Parker and Michael Gough, who blown away. Everyone laughs without trying. It is the best English joke. <br /> <br /> "The man in the white suit" is 81 minutes of true intelligence with an excellent plot. Excellent actor. And healthy dolls Certainly top notch
