One of the things that makes this funny movie funny is that it is a wise solution. The image that is considered necessary for most modern comedies will be released deliberately. (This is what is known as English speaking) <br /> <br /> Three cases: Comic battles have been resolved. As such, Alec Guiness has invented a new fabric that will destroy the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invited him to the office to try to get him to sign a contract to cancel the fabric control to be able to suspend production. When he caught this, Guiness stood up and turned to the door. Two men blocked his way. "Excuse me," he said quietly, moving forward. Two men moved between Guiness and the camera cut. The secretary sat outside at her desk. There was silence until the bell began to signal her frantically. She picked up her notebook and opened the door to the inner office, which was noisy like Donny Brooke and the room was demolished. Guiness ejected from the door that was opened. This is unthinkable today. During the research phase of the invention, his Guiness set up complex chemical devices. But instead of changing the experimental fluid into a new cloth, the device will explode. It exploded over and over again. The laboratory will be cleared from all other tasks. The explosion continues. The ceiling fell down. Windows blown away. The research director sat at his desk in a small office with a rag on his head. When the back door opened, he jumped into the air. "Sit down," he told the visitor. "There is no other person at any time." It was very exciting - and there was no firing from any bombing. > <br /> The last example consists of a set of fast cuts and non-stop Guiness being tracked and being cornered in the lobby of the office building by those who want him to sign a contract. Confronted by two men who are fighting against him, Guiness backs up with a determined expression. He hit the base with an iron chest. The chest is upside down and slammed against the wall. There was a shot for about a second of the chest. The wall hit another short shot of the metal shield hanging over the chest that had been loose and knocked down. Cut the two men who stared into the camera while hearing the terrifying sound of brass and the resounding voices that cut Guiness flat on his back. Nobody today will have a cojones that won't show Guiness being crowned by that shield. <br /> <br /> I won't go with this. It was a joke But it is quite bitter under all the hilarity In solving one problem, the Guiness series created dozens of people. He disagreed with both management and labor, which did not show much advantage. And of course, the economic impact associated with fabric "Then that car that ran on the water for something or something else?" A worker asked. "My benefit was" commented another worker, while Thorstein Veblen nodded in the grave. his What happens if our energy problems are resolved overnight? If I own the shares of Exxon - and I think I - I will tremble in my thoughts. Where will the oil industry be without oil anymore? For that matter, where will the police and FBI if the crime disappear immediately? This is a movie with great ideas and humor, directed and edited. The list of actors is unique. Joanne Greenwood with a hoarse voice Cecil Parker who blithering wheezing makes Ernest Thesiger mummy <br /> <br /> a quality job
