"Deliverance" is an example of a great movie that came out of the 70s while your jaw was dropped during the movie "Terminator". Are you really sacred? I don't think so because you are there to see if new CGIs get stressed - can't. <br /> <br /> Many daily situations can become scary without reason because there are Many people are involved in daily life, such as traveling to the market ..... or walking down a dimly lit road. "Liberation" is very scary because those innocent actions can cause death by heartbeat. Entering the rainforest is fun or not? Anyone who has such an idea does not read the newspaper, watch the daily news, or have never seen other films that show the seriousness of "Harassment" in the land that third parties are not welcome Almost unbelievable that fast food in "Deliverance" doesn't tell almost everyone that this is not a picnic and "Squealing like a pig" is not part of "Deulling Banjos". <br /> <br >> I hate the word "Hillbillies" because - as some users write that makes people across the region satisfied with their lives as they know - without the intervention of modern life, most are made of "descent" - That is not a strange sex from the rainforest. "Chinatown" should teach us that lesson. However, the slippery city is a very stupid person who enters a closed society and gives an attitude. I know that many "outsiders" - they are virtuous people when letting themselves. Their "justice" may be cruel when they feel threatened or embarrassed. "Justice" in city streets, they don't want any part of the city - the city should bring a canoe to camp at the legal site. <br /> <br /> "Rescue" is the last movie. That I found Jon Voight doing the real show - I wish I was wrong He received very little wages for "Midnight Cowboy" because he was not known. But shows that he can do that when wearing a hat His performances in "Deliverance" is great. It makes us clear that ordinary people can move mountains if necessary - but who wants to think "normal" today, his blushing at dinner is great. Wow! For Burt Reynolds !!! Have to ask what led him to those other tasteless films? His manhood is even misunderstood. But in this film, the rhythm of the patience needed to make it out of the wilderness - determined not only in the rainforest But also a wilderness of everyday life Ned Betty is the protagonist - his underwear may not have "Versace" sewn, but the shocking performance of the shell is perfect. As mentioned, he is stronger than any group. At the end of the movie, Ronny Cox plays a moral character on the handle - everyone should have the intention to do the right thing. "Many users" set the theory that he Was shot or lost balance when he dived into the river - my theory was that he was disgusted with the whole journey, he killed himself No bullets were heard during the scene and Voight and Beatty didn't find the wound. <br /> <br /> James Dicey knew how to weave a suspicious story and be a sheriff - it said he was very scared. Of acting, he came to drunk every day His character saw that the three canoes were guilty of survival. But knew that they did not have a chance to fight with the jury of the local people, whether they were treated as "benevolent". He also knew that the local people might be cruel Justice? - "Don't come back here again" "The user" is not too much to know that "hillbilly" is used in movies that were once possible - which actors can portray them better " Climbers "Actually, climbers ....... <br /> <br /> Every detail of this movie is perfect - no doubt it's dangerous to play. with? Better than "fighting for your life". I've encountered dangerous events that are approaching and I'm happy to live outside of the fight - you who feel that your childhood mania can be part. br /> <br /> That we have certainly killed - and still do so - the irreplaceable area of ​​this country is undeniable. In order to be able to see the greatness of it in any media that enslaved But it leaves a bitter taste to realize some people ignore it Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it was built in the land of wild animals and was convinced that humans came before animals. That is the right place to live - we should let it be like that. Wondering why wolves and bears and wolves walk into neighborhoods? They belong to them. <br /> <br /> In a less threatening way, we all have to get lessons to learn from. "Liberation" - in order to understand our technological progress, does not lead to supremacy. I would like to thank those who slipped in the city that went out into the wilderness to produce this modern classic in order to scare off me when I watched it. You can have dangerous excitement - I'll stick to TV 30 out of 10.
