When the movie shakes you with distracting ambiance and grabs you on the neck while shooting amazing movies, you just know that you've done what is a movie masterpiece. Although it has the most modern movies But some of the most fun But the thing that really shocked you is the strongest movie and the movie that received a lot of criticism and mostly stuck to you for life. I proudly say that I am a fan of movies that are disturbing, not just horror movies. But a person who sent a feeling full of foreboding Films like Breakdown and The Missing that send your spine to cool down make you think "Holy shit that may happen to me" and attract you to see because I am 21 years old. I have not grown up with actors like Bert Reynolds, Jon Voight and Ned Betty even though I Familiar with them, I did not watch them grow and act as an actor and Justin Long. I must say that after a long advertising and witness of the release for the first time, I received the admiration of the actors. As a career in movies created over 30 years ago and still alive, it is scary to compete with modern movies. Burt Renyolds plays as a group leader Lewis, appointed by a group of four friends on the journey. Canoeing along the legendary river before the dam is built. Renyolds' characters are adventurers with no experience and full of manhood. He saw the guy who made me think differently about him as an actor because I saw him as a stubborn old man or an angry politician. The director-prepared dialogue for his character made him vengeful enough to prove that he was a strong and formidable leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty act as novice adventurers Drew and Bob respectively to join. Enjoy canoeing The actor that I like to watch thoroughly is Jon Voight. I see him again as an older actress only. But unlike Renold, I like the performance of Voot quite a lot. (And I don't think Anaconda, when speaking like that), the national treasure movie, Voight, plays as Ed, who is like Lewis, has an experience of adventure But is seen as a more reserved character, a hero / leader who is hesitant and lacks Lewis's tricks In general, the film opens with four people driving into a small town while asking people to drive to the bottom of the river while they canoe, whitewater and camping along the river. You will get an eerie atmosphere from the characters that are introduced to the country that we have been introduced to, such as the children who were buried at the embarrassing "Dueling Banjo's" play at the beginning of the movie Drew and Ronny Cox. More than that, the two mountain men in the movie pivotal and rape rape. Like the film in the atmosphere, from now on, fear and confusion fills characters and audiences, and here we see characters with different shapes and styles. The canoeing trips that followed were expertly shot, and from here, men fought both human and natural opportunities for survival. This film of the movie did not give up and I came back to comment on the scene where Ed fought with a mountain man who raped one with a composite bow. When Ed fell to his arrow and noticed his enemy approaching him, his rifle cocks just to shoot the ground as he fell with an arrow in his neck; It is possible to shoot the greatest movie I've seen in a movie. In the conclusion of the film, Deliverance is a film that is frightened and the atmosphere that brings emotions throughout and still remains one of the best movies in film history.
