Liberation is a thrilling thriller that is as exciting as a good thriller. But scary until scary Although not a horror movie But it's scary like a classic horror movie The idea of ​​being a normal red-blooded man enjoying an adventure over the weekend away from all forms of civilization, just being arrested and assassinated by a few violent people is a terrible nightmare. The highest at 99.9% of the world's population It would be easy to help to escape into the land of exploitation. But John Borman avoided the temptation to go down the path and create a movie that explores, asks questions and challenges the meaning of masculinity. With so many movies, you go out into paradise where you can step into the hero's shoes, show courageous actions and save the whole day and get the girl .... but with the liberation you come to pray to God like you never did. make a Have to experience what the four main characters have passed. <br /> <br /> Four people in the city - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Dru (Ronnie Cox) and Bobby (Ned Betty), a desolate wilderness, spent a couple of days cruising down the flooded river. They were riding in pairs and Ed and Bobby accidentally went a little further than others, so they entered the river and waited for their friends in the adjacent forest. Here they break the rules of two local woodlanders (Bill McKinney and Herbert Craven) who tie Ed to the tree while one of them and the band rape Bobby orders him to stubbornly go. "Squealing like a pig" Lewis and Drew arrive at the invisible and Lewis is a fair archer, killing the villain while the other hillbilly dancers hurry into the forest. Under the great emotional stress, the four canoes decided to cover up the event and leave the area. But they found that the river had a greater danger of bargaining as they traveled along the tides and the risk of their lives increased as the villagers survived the shooting with his rifle from The invisible point> <br /> Liberation is a very powerful thing, like a story of survival. But more powerful (and disturbing) while studying the attitudes of men who were torn apart and left in humble rags Although all the performances are amazing But must be aware of Betty's efforts in the role that many actors will be disappointed This film is similar to the film Straw Dogs in 1971. Both films deal with horrific sexual violence in a lonely place and in the end both violent revenge done by the victim will not result. satisfied The backdrop of the rugged countryside in Deliverance looks beautiful, but adds to the tension by placing four canoes in an environment where they are at the mercy of the villagers and the landscape without anyone relying on anyone other than themselves. This is the best movie creation.
