You can show the version of "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens with the puppet socks and I might watch it. Since I was a kid, this is one of my favorite stories. Maybe it was the idea that there was everyone good and therefore no one exceeded redemption that attracted me. But for any reason, I never miss an opportunity to watch one of the classic screen modifications on them once. On TV due to the time of this year, <br /> <br /> What makes this model stand out is the attraction that makes the actors bring to their role. The lines that we've heard dozens of times in the past use new violence and each character will become real and believe in the hands of this great set. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott has been presented The name for Emmy in 1985 for this role It is his endless credit that instead of sleeping through the role that shows the role of Scrooge, he gives a fresh interpretation of which, in my opinion, one of his best performances. He didn't try to pronounce the English accent intelligently instead of sending his script with a famous tone. His Scrooge is not just a crazy old man. (As is often seen) but is the one who holds the deepest anger on the world When he was visited by all three spirits, we understood that this anger had rooted, expanded and finally strangled his soul. While he was forced to revisit his life, we saw him soften alternately, and then again aggravated in rebellion. And in the dramatic scene when he knelt and cried at his grave, asking for mercy as he tried to convince the third spirit of repentance and the desire to change his life. One that was completely destroyed His knees are literally and figuratively. Scott makes Scrooge the most reliable and painful human being. <br /> <br /> Impressive when Scott's performance is a series of supporting actors contributing to dark beauty. The closeness of this model has the meaning of Fred Holywell. The grandson of Scrooge is an excellent example of this. Often showing that it is a lovely buffalo. Here, he played by Roger Rees, whose emotional violence disappeared from the previous image. When he pleaded with Scrooge "I don't ask anything from you. I don't need anything from you. Why can't we be friends?" But only frustrated But his pain that Scrooge separated from him only Relatives living It's a moving show and one of the most dramatic scenes of the movie. <br /> <br /> More than that is the performance from the great British actor Frank Finlay as Jacob Marley. Scrooge's late partner In most versions of this story, the scenes with Marley tend to be a low point in the film, just because it's hard to show the dead, confident and the results are usually stupid. That is not terrible .......! This version may be the most exciting scene in all movies. The entrance of Marley, while locking the door of Scrooge, flies open according to his own agreement, and the loud chain sound throughout the house is amazingly creepy. He was a tortured spirit, inspiring both horror and poor. Marley may be a ghost But the anger and regret throughout his life wasted on the pursuit of wealth and despair in realizing that his sins were beyond redemption. He was also very human. As shown by Finlay, we have no problem believing that even the scary Scrooge will be shaken by the nightmarish image of the night. Finlay stole the scene here. Actually, it's not easy to do when you're opposite George C. Scott <br /> <br /> And it continues, I'm experiencing this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (Remember him from the equalizer?) By turning both cheerful and frightening into the ghosts of Christmas today. When he sent a famous line "It may be that in heaven's eyes you are more valuable and not suitable to live more than a million like the children of this poor man." He is no longer a cheerful Santa Claus agent. <br /> <br /> Susannah York is Cratchit, who speaks in a strange language, and David Warner brings a wonderful depth to Bob Cratchit who suffers. For a long time Of poverty, sick children and unbearable boss His face alternately shows his courage, courage, and sometimes his fatigue when faced with an unbearable situation. Later, in the scene where Scrooge was performed by Ghost of Christmas, but came to the Cratchit family after Tiny Tim's death, Warner's performances while almost speaking a word will cause you to tears.
