'Deliverance' is an epic of the crowd of modern people who started a canoe trip to communicate with nature briefly and have to fight for their life and may be their spirit. This movie is good. Even being built in the early seventies But it doesn't look very old It still has visceral perforation and a remarkable status as a shocking philosophy and remarkable culture. After the 'Sixth of the Sixties', there are very few movies with similar ideas that can compare well with it. Although the legendary Sam Peckinpah's belongings must be there Yes, there has been a lot of debate and debate about the most confrontational scenes of this film. (Which I won't expand here) - and is one of the most confrontational scenes in the history of film media - but what is surprising about this movie is It was so beautiful. This seems to be overlooked in general. (But in retrospect, quite understandable) the movies that embody the essence of the lost river wilderness are often amazing, and it helps to counterbalance the movie in a short time of madness that our audience-ready And the characters themselves were in an unstable nightmare 'The Savior's storytelling has a slim and surprising shape that quickly happens since its inception to the crisis and its consequences. Everything happens quickly, which gives a sense of the true urgency of the movie. Settings are created effectively through credit opening. The characters are all well drawn, although there is a limited time in the past. We know enough about them to know them for the type of human being they are like, and eventually fear them when everyone goes to hell. The conflict and violence within the movie seem to erupt from nowhere without a terrible reason. This is the theme of the author James Dickey - that any prevalent romanticism about the nature of the 'goodness' that humans perceive by nature can wither and die only when the animal instinct that has been suppressed almost Not before There are no demons or bogeys here. Meat-eatery barns - as the central villain of the movie - is just a vulgar and ungodly cousin of our protagonists. They were shocked because their evil was important and tangible. This film has no outer characters. All reflect some of the weaknesses and uncertainties of Homo Sapiens in the city in the latter half of the 20th century and everything is true and known. Bert Reynolds is great in this film as a survivor, Lewis, and incredibly confident and a survivor like Lewis and a shame about thinking he can't remember. Amazing moments of glory all the time - and - down career (except 'Boogie Nights'). Believe me, if you're not a Reynolds fan, you will be impressed with his performance here. And easily succeeded himself and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox were both helping This is a great actor. To conclude that I must guess that the author James Dickey's 'Deliverance' will make 'To the White Sea' and when for those who like (?) This movie, TTWS is an annoying story in the fight for the survival of the American Air Force pilots after being shot around. The land of Japan during the Second World War, it was more bleak and existent than Dickey's trademark, but it was all created from the movie experience. The poem is truly exciting. There was a suggestion a few years ago that the Coen brothers might have created it. But eventually did not do anything. Being Coen-o-phid, it made me disappointed to think that what they had received was the green light on the TTWS instead of the last couple of relatively unclear attempts. When returning to It is impossible to imagine a film that shows the innocence that was created during these times and that is a shame. Those of us who are watching the cinema are the poor in this matter.
