This story has been told and recounted and continues to recount in every possible way. The story of Charles Dicken Immortal has been rebuilt in every possible way. I agree that I have never seen the classic Alistair Sim version and I'm sure that someday I'll do it. But I will be blown if touched close to this amazing eighty model. I believe that if Dickens created his own story for this movie, it would be a story that <br /> <br /> the story is well known, I will not talk much about it because everyone has seen it in the form. One type Rich and exhausted ghosts, old people have been visited by the ghosts of his former partner and warned about his methods. In order to stretch him out, he was visited by three spirits, each of whom expressed a different view of his life and those he relates to both past, present and future. Finally, seeing all this before him, he realized the mistake of his method in a big way and tried to avenge all the mistakes he had made. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott It is completely undeniable for this role. He plays Ebeneezer Scrooge and makes his own and creates an incredible character. He is not only an old man with meaning. But those who were affected by certain situations in his life that made him bitter and angry in the world There is compassion within him. But he kept it under anything else and was very involved in himself Scott gave the perfect role when talking about Scrooge. <br /> <br /> Not only the role of the film's creation. This is the great epic of Victorian England. The English Dickens were rebuilt in front of our eyes, the picture and the sound, and you almost felt the wind blowing through the face and smell of the market. Director Clive Donner created this scene wisely and didn't leave anything to the imagination. I can watch this movie with dumbness and dazzling scenery. It is not a beautiful scenery. But it's real This film brings us from the high-end traders market to the depressed poverty and everything in between. The remaining actors are in their roles and make their literary partners come to life. Bob Cratchett, played by David Warner and all of his family, including especially Tim Small, played by Anthony Walters Each ghost has a different personality and increases the dark mood of this story. Christmas Carol is not a small matter. Dickens wrote this story as a dark moment in the life of England and one of the few Christmas tales that is dark, almost scary, and it must be scary to scare the skimpy guy. For many years around the dark feeling to the story was recorded in this film and seriously scary and finally lifted your spirits and captured the Christmas miracle. The score of this film is something to be mentioned because it is epic and great and beautiful to listen to, whether it's a real score or a Christmas song. Clearly, Christmas movies are my favorite because I confirm everyone sees this Christmas carol above all others. 10/10
