Marie: You are smooth. Dan: No, I'm not smooth. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you're something like me, smooth and single, don't go together. You see people you like as hard as possible and you want to say something but don't do it. Or maybe you say something. But it became the smartest thing you ever said in your life More often than not, you stare from afar and admire without having to deal with what you see most. Is the only way to get anywhere in life? Risk You can't blame a man who is a little scared. Maybe he was burned earlier or maybe he tried to focus all his energy on his career. There are some reasons why some cannot be correct and all can be interpreted as an excuse rather than justification. You tell yourself that you don't want it or it's not the right time for you. But you still hope that it will happen No matter how you destroy it, it's not easy. Does it sound familiar? If you think yes, even a little, DAN IN REAL LIFE, a new joke from director Peter Head Jesse is something that shouldn't be missed. It will go inside of you and will deal with both destroying and warming your heart all at once. <br /> <br /> Dan from the name is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a columnist who appreciates understanding. his In living a balanced life, fulfilling and elevating morality About four years before the film opened for Dan to wake up to this day, he lost his wife and the love of his life. After that tragedy, Dan was left to raise up their three daughters alone. Between that and focusing on his career, finding love again is not one of Dan's priorities. So he can work more than feeling Moving away from the power of intimacy, Dan does not know what it means to be close to someone and leave himself to never know that again. That is until he meets Marie. (Juliet Benoch) in the book and manage a shop in Connecticut in the quiet morning. They interact with each other in a casual, casual manner and can't catch them either. There is only one problem. She already saw someone Unfortunately for everyone involved, someone is Dan Mitch's brother. (Denmark Dane) All of his family traveled to their parents' hometown to visit every year, and now Dan has to spend the weekend and wants to feel lost with Marie that morning. It only takes one hour or more. But it took longer to wake the heart of the coma out. <br /> <br /> With so many family members to deal with (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest are at the helm) DAN in real life will float out. From time to time the greater purpose While the cyclone of children and parents and aunts and uncles makes time for Dan to try, hedgehogs use it as a way to distract unnecessarily, with the assumption that in the end it will make the movie more perfect. Fortunately, Hedges gave Carell a heavy burden. It was a pleasure to see Steve Carell coming in to himself more and more in every picture he made (even with the wrong count of EVAN ALMIGHTY). person None attractive, charming and sharp comedy. As a frontier, he is still a person who doesn't see himself slowly and fearfully. Karel is a rare comedian who pushes himself to find characters in his role instead of relying on comedic instincts and accepted personalities. Perhaps more important is that he has a relationship as Dan. Whether he lay down on the crib in the laundry room where he had to sleep as an adult alone in this reunion or around the kitchen, unable to remain silent about his anxiety, Dan was every man. Unsure Yourself and feel alone in the crowd Karel gave the heart of the land so much that he became the heart of the movie at the same time. <br /> <br /> I wonder if after watching this movie, if I enjoy it as much as I can, Juliette Binoche I know you may want to clear up every now and then. But I do not recommend unless there is chocolate involved) because I am in my life Someone who finds that someone else has received the meaning and comfort from this movie? I can not talk What can I say as a person who knows what it means to be lonely? DAN IN REAL LIFE knows what it means to amaze life and love and time and these people need to be appreciated. And appreciate In addition, knowing that anyone who may feel lonely on a particular day or month each time needs to be reminded that something surprising still happens.
