What can you say about the movie White Fire Amazing? Wonderful? disturb? hilarious? These words are not large enough to explain the events of white fire. This movie will entertain everyone. <br /> <br /> Our movies start in the forests of one of the countries in the world. The family hides from unmarked soldiers in the clothing store uniforms. When the father separates from their mother and child, you get the true feeling of the movie you're watching. The father made sure to roll the hills in all his white dresses and be polite as he received people's attention before he shot them. But alas, the father was burned, both in a manner that was very insecure. At the same time, the mother and the children are running along the beach with armed soldiers behind them about 5 feet. He gives strict warnings before taking action in the form of "HALT!" Causing the mother to lose quickly This action scene creates a happy childhood of our hero Bo and Ingred. <br /> <br /> So now we move forward fast for about 20 years (30 if you are honest about the age of Hero) to beautiful Turkey Ingredients have been judged as professional robbers or diamond seekers or something. Ingred works at a diamond mine where she helps herself with the product while bowing. (Played by expert Robert Ginty) drove around the desert in his denim dress Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. It seems that they don't have friends unless they spend all their time together. When coupled with the fact that Bo had expressed his desire to sleep with his sister as evidence on the line, such as "You know it's a shame that you are my sister," he said to her while she was naked, making the couple look very lively. Then Bo was crushed when Inge was killed as he walked along the beach in Turkey with a pink sad scarf. Renewal of hope occurs when Bo finds a woman who looks like Ingrid and gives plastic surgery to make her look like grids. This opened the door for Bo to have sex with his sister without technical error. Bo is a big fan of ethical gray areas and he is happy with his new love. <br /> <br /> So there are many fun action scenes, ridiculous violence, great performances. Fred "Hammer" Williamson (for some reason) and a large ice cube that should be a giant diamond (Which later exploded) All of these things are excellent. But Bo and Ingrid's relationship is what makes this movie special .... really special, so I recommend that everyone see the greatness that is white light. You may be glad you did .. or not
