The government that he fought to establish to recognize his loyalty and the necessary and necessary pensions. Ripstein's lyrical work is a delightful poem for everyone who likes Colonel to suffer. Under the abuses of a cynical and hardened society that strengthens itself Unlike the absurdity of waiting for GODOT, the Colonel's waiting for the arrival of his pension gives hope and importance to his miserable life. Two things in this movie are driving a colonel at Fernando Loujin, playing as an expert. Hope that one day his military pension will come and the knowledge that his son Agustin died in a noble cause. Other reasons than drunken fracas at the cock ringleader Unable to recognize the past and be forced to prove to the world after Colonel did the only thing he could do, starting with his son's fighting chicken training. Now, Kai is a warrior who can bring fortune and justice to Colonel and his asthmatic wife. But his fighting ring is the killer of Agustin, his former owner. In the tense scene of the confrontation between Colonel and Nogales, his son, Colonel, was presented by Nogales, a spy of the government who had received enough money to be equal to the full pension of the Colonel. But this is a money-silently silenced money designed to hide the fact that the authority has turned back to those who fought for their political ideals and to conceal the world that the Colonel Warrior's son had been assassinated because He wrote in the basement paper that favored labor rights. Labor union and general people With the highest prestige, Colonel Nogales rejected the offer, took the rooster and fought gracefully as his old leg could carry him. When he was at home, Dona Lola, the wife who scolded, wanted to know why the Colonel refused money when both were starving. To answer her next question "What will we eat until November? (When the fighting season began) "Colonel replied," Shit. "Feces are things that the poor and those who have the right to eat throughout their lives, and feces are foods that thousands choose to eat with dignity, willing to know. That he could not sell souls to those who oppressed him Colonel waits to be the only person with honor and courage in an unscrupulous world.
