After watching various immature movies purchased from old DVDs, I thought that time was suitable for a slightly serious drama and who would be better than Sam Mendes? For many reasons, "American Beauty" does not attract me as much as this film, which is the darkest thing that Tom Hanks had done and probably one of the most evaluated movies of the past decade. For this is not a simple gangster story quoted from the graphic novel origin and is a wonderful story to watch because of it. And even though I lost all the movies that Tom Hanks was named (I still can't see "Big" without wanting the cat to kick.) I'm glad I tried it because this is one of your movies. You will kick yourself if you miss. <br /> <br /> Normally, a clean hank will play the role of Michael Sullivan, a family member who is dedicated and the father of two sons who grew up during the first year 1930. He is also a professional killer for the group leader, John Rooney (Paul Newman), but can keep his son's secrets. But after his eldest brother (Tyler Hoechlin) testifies to his father's involvement in killing the mob, both are forced to run away while John tries to tidy up. Soon, his father and son were chased to Chicago, where the male friend was killed. (Threatening Jude Law) is waiting for them. <br /> <br /> On his face, it reads like a standard thug movie. I used to say that it's not about gangsters. It's about the relationship between a father and son who was thrown together in the most tragic situation. Hank was (* a broken tooth *). Great as a tortured person who found that everything had a price and a small Hoechlin As good as Sullivan's son In all honesty, there is no single performance that I can separate from each other better than others - the actors are quite wrong. As a movie and costume (And I don't usually watch the dress!) Which created a new 30s with amazing effects There is a lot of effort to do everything right and pay with spades. This may be easy to see garbage - they admit that the first 30 looks are hard to put down - but it is not possible and deserves every bit of credit. In particular, the city of Chicago has excellent characteristics, lined with hundreds of rickety cars from the era and filled with people in suits and black and white hats. True time travel, though, requires a little CGI. <br /> <br /> This story is also a winner, giving the human face to what is seen as a type of villain project in the movie. The law is surprisingly dangerous because the mechanical killer Maguire almost proves that you don't have to be Cagney or De Niro or Brando to play the gangster. This film is Noir-Ishh, driving rain and a warehouse with low light. But in the end, violence and killing were seen as having an emotional and psychological impact on the perpetrator and those who saw this action. All the stories are from the previous era and the previous movie. But it clears the old and freshness with modern stories of redemption amid the Tommy-Gun shooting and extortion racket It may feel slow in the place, especially if you are familiar with playing guns in movies like most modern audiences. (Really like yours) but sometimes words may be louder than actions Mendes followed his Oscar-winning debut, which is as intelligent as the beauty of watching. "Road To Perdition" may not suit everyone's taste, but this is One DVD that I will not exchange at any time soon
