After being driven out of the house and into the theater with the heat, I was not very pleased. The Road to Perdition, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), was designated as one of the greatest films of all time. Maybe I just got old Maybe I just saw the same pattern that is used again and again. But this movie is definitely different. <br /> <br /> The story opens with Michael Sullivan Jr. facing the sea to reflect on the duality of his father's heritage, one of the best men. Have lived The most evil This pair of snakes are throughout the movie. The story revolves around the robber, John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks). The young Rooney has arrived and now serves as His personal "Angel of Death" Rooney is bound by blood with his son. But tied with love and loyalty to Michael Michael Jr. was intrigued by the story he read, stealing his father's car one night while his father went out "working" with Connor Rooney, the heir of the "business" family. Connor let the situation fall out of his hands and things. Which should be a warning, became a murder-witness case by Michael Jr., when he discovered that the young Michael saw what he should not see Loyalty that conflicts with the bumpers. Soon, Michael Sr. is in the process with his youngest son, who was caught by a mercenary killer Harlen "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will not reveal more details to avoid potential temptations. However, I recommend that audiences check out many different pairs that present themselves in the movie: Problems between son and father (Michael Sr & Jr., John Rooney and Son And Connor) between the world and the world to "work" between good and evil, between those who pretend to be God's people and the reality, between the "clean" and "dirty" between hell and hell is hell. And taste the visual abilities of the movie photographer Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, 2 Oscars for the best film): Rain pouring into the fedoras, shooting through the glass (especially at the swinging door), Tommy's gun flashes out of the shadows without any sound. The 75-year-old hall not only delivers the best film work of his career. But Paul Newman, 77 years old, gave him one of the best performances. <br /> <br /> Yeah ... I might be old, but I've seen a lot and this is fresh and lively. Road to Perdition presents a lasting and captivating tribute for the gangster genre, the movie of the 40s, to the dark comic book lurking in the darkness, villains and heroes, typical American movies. Let's see!
