I think you think that Sam Mendes' first American movie, very famous for beauty, is a stylish movie. Wait until you see his second attempt at high expectations. Some critics praised the new film as a valuable successor to THE GODFATHER, which is a rash decision made by many critics who have been approved by technical experts from Mr. Mendes. It's what makes the image great. Yes, ROAD TO PERDITION is the far cousin of THE GODFATHER in terms of success in filming, editing, scoring, scoring. And sound What it doesn't have is the resonance of all the great stories and some rare movies that exist with the audience after the end of the reading or viewing experience. Like American BEAUTY, there is a cool and cool feeling for the film. This despite the tense scenes associated with Father's love, loyalty and betrayal. <br /> <br /> The story of the killer (Tom Hanks) and his relationship. For the surrogate father - who is the leader of his senior Irish leader (Paul Newman) seems to have been screened by countless gangster movies over the years The inspiration of the father / son hanging over this image is very heavy in keeping without space for naturalness; All organizations have been cautiously done and almost all of the dialogue has been delivered with a meaningful air: this is a noticeable gangster movie, so the violence and bloodshed at the necessary level But this film is almost without humor of; Only in a scene involving a young man driving a car to escape in editing. Witty. There will be a sense of joy that will make sense of widespread punishment. <br /> <br /> Saying that I don't have Anything other than the highest praise for The beautiful look of this movie In fact, it is not an exaggeration to say that this is one of the most beautifully photographed and designed movies I've ever seen. Professional photographers Conrad Hall should win another Oscar for his work here. Dresses and costumes of production are excellent examples. In fact, the whole film is a technical miracle. Mr. Mendes is still amazed by his bright colors and he and Mr. Hall have used the red blood and the walls of the pale colors astonishing again. And untrustworthy due to the distinctive black, blue and gray skin that Dominate the color tone of the movie. <br /> <br /> If I can't record the performance correctly, it's not because the actor doesn't claim himself with talent; Everyone in this movie is the ultimate with a special mention about two villains: Daniel Craig is a classic "The One You Love To Hate". The classic, exiled son. And Jude Law is almost unrecognizable as a particularly cunning man who pursued Hank and his son and important person in the second half of the thrilling movie. But the dazzling performance in this movie will have to sit behind the seat to watch the fireworks show here. If Rolls-Royce is a movie, I don't doubt it will look like ROAD TO PERDITION.
