1984 classic version of Dickens 'A Christmas Carol' directed by Clive Donner, star George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. At this time, the challenge for filmmakers is to bring familiar materials and make them look fresh. And again And speaking happily to this film, Donner not only met the challenge But still surpassing the expectations that everyone has for him, he tells the story with precision and detail and draws performances from his actors, which are no less than the extraordinary, especially Scottish. One might argue that Scrooge's clear description - one of the most well-known characters in literary fiction ever created by Alastair Sim in the 1951 movie; But I think his acting here, Scott, is successful in that difference. There is purity and honesty in his Scrooge that it's hard to consider other people in this chapter when you see Scott doing it. In simple terms, he is Scrooge. And what is a tribute to such talented actors In order to be able to use a well-known figure and make it his own identity as a miracle It is truly a pleasure to see actors participating in his trade as well, able to create real characters from all the words he voiced to the best expression of the face of He and make it all true It's a perfect education. <br /> <br /> The other members of the actors are excellent as well. But after that, they had to maintain the integrity of the Scottish performance again and they did. Frank Finlay was the ghost of Jacob Marley; Although not recognized But it may be that Alec Guinness (like Marley) in the movie `Scrooge 'Angela Pleasence is a face that welcomes as the spirit of Christmas in the past. Edward Woodward, the great and arrogant and totally reliable as the spirit of Christmas present; And the terrifying and terrifying Michael Carter as the spirit of Christmas. Yet To Come <br /> <br /> David Warner made a correct mark with his Bob Cratchit, resulting in sincerity towards the measurable role. According to the standards of The quality set by Scott's Scrooge and Susannah York. The fare is the same as Mrs. Cratchit. Although the real gem is here, it is Anthony Walters's performance as Timmy; It is sincerity without having to become a Modlin and is one of the best interpretations - and the most true - ever presented on film. <br /> <br /> The best supporting actors are Roger. Rees (Fred Holywell and the film's narrator), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (girlfriend). Flawless presentation of 'A Christmas Carol' Is a standard that all others must be evaluated No matter how many versions you see, this time is like watching the first time. And forever afterwards, whenever you think of Scrooge, the image that you think will belong to George C. Scott, experience, entertainment and thorough satisfaction, this film needs a place in the annual schedule of the holiday season of every home. I rate this one 10/10
