Wow ... I mean, wow, this must be one of my best stories I've ever had the opportunity to read / see. We all know this famous story. Two martial arts artists, a man and his son, train in Cursed Springs forbidden and while ignoring the warnings, they will both fall in the spring. Genma's father, the spring of the drowned panda and Ranma 16 years old, which is the spring of a drowned young woman Now, with cold water, every time they turn into life until the spring they arrive. Is it crazy enough? No, that's just the beginning. As if one of the strongest teenagers ever had become insufficient women, Ranma had to deal with the mad martial arts masters and hundreds of crazy art forms, crazy high school principles. Right and left opponents Points to settle with Ranma wither. It is a mess in their early life or one "for" the people they love. And speaking of loved ones, I followed how many times the boy or girl fell in love with Ranma and never became his fiancee. And that is just a few chapters / first episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is amazing. I have never encountered so crazy, bizarre things ... so ... get out of this world and it comes down to the world and can believe ... I can't fully explain. It's just a charming story that is easily accessible. What I like about it is humor. I never laughed out loud in this manga and didn't have to try any tactics you would catch in the Simpsons or something like that. I can read any part of the cartoon and I will laugh from beginning to end. Another thing is the character Ranma. You think that making him too strong to be a backup, but nooo ... with every little problem that he makes best to survive half the time and his personality is Of a foolish young man, it seems, but when the worst comes to the worst, he can be a genius in calculation And in the thinking of hundreds of spoiled people in the Ranma program. Hateers of the idea of ​​all the spoiled people are increasingly considered by everyone in his city. That the father's character will blend with the background, right? modify! But whenever he has some spotlight ... He just gives you more reasons to hate him, while also loving him! Do you think you know the worst father ever had from an anime? You haven't seen Genma Ryoga, probably one of Ranma's biggest competitors and the characters I like (next to Ranma) ... and probably one of the only people he can stand. Probably the strongest character in the series. But there are two mistakes, one is his curse that turns him into a little pig But his worst offense ... is the lack of consciousness in the direction! So then we have ... You know, I can spend hours on the computer to explain every character, story, everything that is positive about it. But that will be pointless. <br /> <br /> Try to see the series if you're still now! You will not regret! Although I would recommend checking the cartoons before, I like anime, but I have trouble getting the series at a reasonable price. And a little puppet, a little bit of humor, doesn't seem to translate into anime, just like manga I think partly because the cartoon seems to be a joke for me. But somehow it wins it! 10 out of 10!
