Admittedly, I picked up Ranma 1/2 when I was about twelve. I am in the library and find things that are very difficult to read. Then I went to the Comics / Manga category and saw this book. At the beginning of the script, I didn't know what had happened. But i know i love it I took it home to read a few times. Frankly, I didn't get anywhere. Then about five months (Now I'm 16 years old) My friends are watching anime cartoons and I remember this manga story. I can't remember what it was called But remember that the author is Rumiko Takahashi, the creator of Inu Yasha. I made it and decided the rash to watch all 161 episodes. At first I was slightly thrown out by the 1990 graphics, but it wasn't ultimately important There is no anime that makes me laugh hard and look back again. I've watched 45 episodes in a day. I don't know how I can do it ... but I can't stop. Finally, after about two days, I became obsessed. I even dreamed of being mad about watching. I have never met a series that is fun, funny and warm to watch. To this day 161 episodes are not enough to satisfy me. Of course, the exciting ending is enough to make me go crazy. But the only series is enough to keep me reading. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and Genma Saotome. His father is a martial arts artist. They were very concentrated. They went to the ancient training ground in China and became a 'curse'. The area was filled with different ponds and if you landed in a place you would see a picture of what drowned when Topped with cold water for Genma, that is PANDA and for Ranma that is ... girls! It is a love story that is fun and cunning. Jane comes to a contract with his friend, Ranma, to marry one of his daughters so that Tendo dojo still lives. 'The course he received along with hate and common sense Obviously they started to like each other. But both methods are rebellious to admit it, but .. Jane has a history of doing this. He promised Ranma to many women. <br /> <br /> Believe me, it's worth watching. It's funny, warm and amazing.
