The first thing, first, Edison Chen did a great job and was credited as a Cambodian assassin, born and raised in the dumps and gladiatorial rings, in which he trained the skills of the brutal batteries to survive being killed A role that has a few conversations or at least a few lines in Khmer / Thai. His acting is interesting. It should be something that should be received in Li Danny's jet dog. Want to fight And other people's leash. <br /> <br /> Like Danny the Dog, who talks about fighting with the knuckles that aren't designed to be choreographed. But was designed as usual This may bring realism and endeavor when you see the characters in each other's throat to protect their lives while taking them away from others. It's a horrible, scary and dark movie, both letters and images, and this makes it different from creating a typical police thriller. <br /> <br /> Edison plays a mercenary gun from Cambodia who becomes Escape in Hong Kong escaped from the police when his pickup truck went wrong. The leader in the chase is the team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who must fight with the unbiased examiner. Ti inspector (Sam Lee), who combines and accepts the team, must do the sin of the father. Start the cat and mouse game in the dark and shiny shades of Hong Kong's seedier side. <br /> <br /> The story itself runs on many levels, especially in the character education of hit-man and the opposite side of the police. The law we see in each character is not black and white, but gray. With hit-man, we see his caring side when he is hooked and develops a feeling of love for a girl (Pei Pei) makes sense. maturity Another gentle and reveals a heart of gold. Police with suspicious tactics and attitudes make you wonder if someone is buckle when willing to do everything to accomplish the job. There are many interesting moments about moral questions about strategies against unsavory heroes. You will ask what makes man and what makes the beast, and if we tend to change sides depending on the situation - we have a dark inner line in all of us, turning from humans to dogs and dogs as men? Dog Bite Dog captures you from the beginning and never let it go to the end, even though there is a midway point that seems to be dragged, especially in a gentle moment and it suffers from not knowing when to end. If I should choose a favorite scene, it must be one scene in the food court in the market - with excellent control and delivery, which is your seat time. And you didn't dream of hearing the roar of the dog. <br /> <br /> It is highly recommended especially if you think you have seen almost everything from the excitement of the police.
