Although far from my expectations But I'm still impressed with Dog Bite Dog. I rent it. There is little knowledge about it. But I expect it to be a martial arts movie / action in Hong Kong's standard action tradition, which I am a big fan of. I got a totally different thing, which is not bad. While movies can be classified like this and have action scenes and fighting scenes in good hands, it is not the main focus of course. Its characters are important to movies, rather than fighting. It's strange in Hong Kong's many action movies. <br /> <br /> I was surprised by the complexity of the characters and the relationship of the characters. In the movie The lead character played by Edison Chen (Those who are very good) become more complex characters at the end of this movie than I thought he would watch after the first thirty minutes. The police character also carefully challenged my expectations. In fact, the transmission of a complete and honest image of a person rarely saw the dark side of the police force. It is quite possible that I will like this movie. I do not know that I will say that Dog Bite Dog undermines the general idea of ​​bad criminals, good police. But it makes them distort in a manner that is often not seen in the movie Straightforward This is one of my least favorite things about the genre. I was very surprised to see that Dog Bite Dog is new and very courageous to present about police forces. There was a bargain scene in this film that I had never seen before and wondered if I could see again and confident that I would remember for a while. In addition, criminals have shown from an interesting point of view. There are also some documentary films in the movie of a Cambodian boy aged not more than ten years in a fight with each other with bare hands which I think is one. in The most powerful and moving moment of the movie It speaks a lot about the reasons these people are, as they are more than just accusing them. In addition, the relationship between Chen's character and the woman he met in the garbage yard revealed a lot about his character. It wasn't until this element entered the movie that I began to see that the movie was an emotional experience rather than just an internal organ. There is something about the relationship on most screens that didn't come through me. But for some reason this thing really does The actress did an incredible job with this role, which I think is not easy to play. <br /> <br /> Dog Bite Dog still has some really amazing movies. There are times when I find it really outstanding, especially in the last part of this film. But there are a lot of camera work that is OK Another minor problem that I have is pacing, which I feel is uneven. I found a lot of "looking for a boat" scene that is quite strange, even though it was quickly picked up after that The action scenes are short and not too much. But truly powerful and effective, especially at the end Fighting posture is not an impressive thing for everyone, even if it is strong and realistic. But the true strength is the emotional content behind the battle. The last scene, while not a miracle, martial arts or choreography is one of the most powerful final battles I've ever seen, and I've seen a few martial arts movies. <br /> <br /> I think the most important factor in determining whether a dog will benefit from dog bites is whether you can connect with the character or not. Of course, all of them are characters that have some flaws that are likely to be seen in all types of movies. But there is something very human about all of them that I can't help. But being really attracted and felt to them, especially Chen's fans, I should say that I suspect that most people will like this movie as much as I can, just because I think most people don't like it or not. Interested in the same character But I still recommend the same in all respects. It is a movie that moves and has a real impact if you give a chance
