I must be straightforward - I have never seen a movie that is as strong as DOG BITE DOG for a while. I am a big fan of "school age" movies in the late 80's and mid 90's. CATIII and I heard that the "style" of this movie came back with movies like this and GONG TAU of Herman Yau (which I am still Never seen ...) So I was interested in filming these new movies CATIII. Is this movie alive according to my expectations? Of course - but not so much in the fashion that I imagined. <br /> <br /> The following story is a story of a Thai killer with an animal that is witty and human, with a never-ending history. That is quite vague. Mission "Due to some bad luck, he was quickly identified by a nasty copy. (Which represents many of the same qualities as our killer) and was arrested and arrested quickly The status of this business was not long, although while an unnamed killer escaped from his arrest and quickly showed the police in the area that he would not be caught lightly, hunting and cat and mouse games between police and "dogs Mad "(as the police refer to him) ensues. During the passage, Mad Dog has slowly become friends with a slow girl and has a bond between the two when she helps him out of the situation. The ante still gets upped as Mad Dog's sole purpose is to leave Hong Kong and return to Thailand with any necessary methods and the police try to make him survive ... <br /> <br /> I May write ten paragraphs about complex movies and detailed layers But I don't want too much. I watched DOG BITE. DOG didn't know anything about the evidence and I think it is a genre that is better appreciated than that. Compared to the old CATIII movies ... There are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has an intense time reminiscent of "Good old days", but never too lazy or dirty like students in old schools like UNTOLD STORY or RED TO KILL. The main intention of many old CATIII movies is "shocked" - DOG BITE DOG is a prudent production. And more knowledgeable (Although it is not far away from the CATIII movie that I love so much.) The film has more "emotions" than being an exploit and as we learn more about their characters and backgrounds The audience will start to bond and identify both sides. There are no "good" and "bad" people, as clearly as Mad Dog shows when there is a strong sympathy and police. To the unorthodox methods to try to kill the terrible murderer. In addition, there are no nudity / sex stories in this movie, which is a common feature of older CATIII movies. Personally, I will compare DOG BITE DOG more with SYMPATHY of Park for MR VENGEANCE or perhaps the danger of Brother Pang. Because both films combine a lot of strife with action and violence that is not fearful again - nothing I don't like about. G film The show is a story that doesn't have to do anything. The movie is sharp and very well done and the whole movie combines many different elements together successfully in a way that is not often seen. This movie (and others like it ...) "Reincarnation" of the movie CATIII - is not correct - but it is a very strong movie that is worth it to go ... 9/10
