People who are familiar with the overall Asian film realize that Japan is famous or famous because it is a highly violent movie and now Korea is famous for cruel movies. Dog Bites Dog, while not necessarily violent As violent as the Miike movie, which is ruthless and cruelly brutal, as some Koreans try to be more ambitious. The greatest strength of this film, even though it is Japan's or Korea's biggest effort, is brutality instead of deviating from the movie, really developing the character if not pushing the story forward. The two main characters are unbelievably insidious people with their own motivation and emotional support like this. For example, Sam Lee's character is from the beginning and is slow and, of course, in the face of many Chang characters, it is revealed why he is Without destroying this part too much, it relates to the morally unclear nature of the father On the other hand, Chang's character has his best instinct, if not perfect, brutal performance. Surprisingly, the story of the elephant's arch, while not necessarily revealing more human aspects, reveals the side of our animal nature, which many people forget about the natural ability to recognize broken animals. (And no, I'm not talking about Sam Lee) Pei Pei's garbage girl character) However, in the end, in the first 80 minutes, the cat and mouse are more or less straightforward or chasing Dog Dog. The movie that every encounter ends with at least one death Some people will die) and the fun part of the movie is that you never know who will make your hand. Which leads us to the only weakness of the Unforunatley movie that will delve into it being another spoiler But in simple terms, it is wrong to push one of the main points of the movie since then in 20 minutes or more to continue to emphasize it. Don't get me wrong if changing from 80 minutes to a climax and if the final scene isn't filled with sweet songs (in fact, if that's the case for most of this movie And let the sound effects interfere with their work) it is still usable and does not deviate from the movie Although it is the third scene, even though the worst and cruel events But the management approach made it feel pinned and almost insulted by the audience because it felt like he had to go this far. However, it still breathed fresh air from Hong Kong theaters because even the most blood-fighting martial arts movies. Still not reaching the level of cruelty and cruelty while still maintaining the character's arc.
