Wow. If you think that the movie isn't exhausting in some way, you still don't see Dog Bite Dog. This movie has no punches and is not ashamed to show very annoying pictures. Like Salo, this shows the degradation of human beings. It has courage, darkness, depression and despair. But it is one of the best movies ever released from Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The script is more similar. Thought it was an incredibly ancient idea Essentially, it's about a problematic and obsessive detective in a cat and mouse game with a professional killer and without emotion. While the script doesn't offer anything new on the surface But there are many questions about the dark side of humanity Is violence really necessary? We become more or less human when we abuse children 5 years old without regret. Is there no remorse? On the other hand, human beings act no less than crazy dogs when we are blinded by anger. This is a sad truth. It is a topic that the director explores wisely without limiting himself. In addition to chasing cats and mice, the script also develops two separate lines for the main character. One is about love and others about redemption. Although the script is not new But still writing amazingly and it keeps you attracted to the seat all the time. <br /> <br /> The performance is really good. Edison Chen as Hit-man is great. He proved that he was not just a cute face. He is ruthless, worthless and admirable. Sam Lee, as a police observer, is also outstanding. In short, support is great. This song is also worth mentioning. The score is very slow by Beng Chong, along with powerful, light music, playing in the darkest moments in the movie. Movie filming by Yuen Man is also good. <br /> <br /> Overall, this CATIII movie is highly recommended. Walking well, doing incredible, scoring great points and doing well at the end of the game. However, there are many people who point out that this is not a movie for everyone. If you don't like severe violence, you should avoid this violence. If you don't like seeing a strong objection in this movie, it doesn't suit you as well. In the end, the powerhouse movie 8/10
