It's amazing and quite praiseworthy that writers and directors continue to create great movies from one of the oldest and most used stories in the cinema! "Dog Bite Dog" is nothing more than a simple story of a lone copper who chases the criminals only. Pou-Soi Cheang only distinguishes his film from the rest by violent violence. This is one of the most scary and indomitable movies I've ever seen with an atmosphere of continuous destruction and characters that seem to come from hell! Even in the ending of Chan-Wook Park's vengeance (except "Oldboy", perhaps) or other embarrassing Cat-III movies that had been released, were sadistic and brutal. Pang was a killer. Cambodia is ruthless and ruthless, which landed in the crowded streets of Hong Kong to get rid of the famous judge's wife in the restaurant. When the police arrived there, the young officer saw that he had fled from the scene and followed him. The first encounter between the two crazy dogs resulted in a massive blood bath when mercilessly killed many hostages and even friends and colleagues of Wai. From then on, the cat and mouse games are exciting and action-packed between the irritated police and the professional killer. The latter also helped the girl from continuing her sexual abuse of her father and staying with her in a local garbage collector. What makes the action / thriller today very interesting (Apart from explicit violence) is the background of the main character! Pang the killer is a Cambodian orphan and is trained to fight and kill for money since he was a child. He knew that there was no restriction, no mercy, and barely said anything. Worshiping the police became ruthless and unorthodox since his exemplary father (such as the police) was in a coma after an incident involving drugs. Lai did not ask the suspects and witnesses. He yelled at them and he was ready to sacrifice everything to stop his new karma. People with stomach or tangled nerves should stay away from this film because cruelty and shocks in "Dog Bite Dog" can cause nausea easily. It's not the type of violence that has bloodshed and limbs falling into the air. But is a very serious and annoying type that people try to crush their minds both physically and mentally The filming location was completely dark and creepy and the music was quiet, making the sound of the movie's scary look even more scary. The performance is great! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee treat like enemies in this movie too, because of their hatred on the screen and their disgust. Feeling slightly legitimate "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful movie. And memorable. Highly recommended if you can stomach. If you are afraid that you can't do it, wait a few years for the Americans to create an inevitable remake.
