Most reviews say this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short film career. This movie is slightly different from the rest, and considering whether it's the best or the worst depends on what you expect from the movie and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Know that Hae Milton is a photographer, you can A little surprised while Bilitis looks like his book is moving with every girl who finds herself and has a mutual relationship on the edge of the lesbian, with a storyline connecting these scenes. Laura focuses on Only a few characters, artists - models) But even though we see many beautiful photos, it's still better than his average. But their number was reduced because of the plot Cousins ​​tend to be different from the two. It's just Hamilton's movie that looks more like a movie than a movie. Because it can be accepted by a wider audience, Hamilton's fans seem to be funny. (But not the German softcore type - fans "Schulmädchen report" will be very disappointed) you will not laugh a lot But you can smile (And that's what you don't usually get from Hamilton), unlike Hamilton's other movies. The age of women varies. The main character is different from other movies, namely boys. Which is different from his normal job, this person is not out of place and part time We have characters that live their lives with their fate and do not take us from one photo to another, one from a naked girl to another. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton Ton (again) disappeared with a script in his hand. The girl on the beach under the shower in a light room in the garden under the glass front tent, regardless of the amount of clothes - this is his land, he can shoot. Minutes and hours Each whatever you do Always feel the artist's eyes and hands behind But when he had to show our daily lives on average, he stopped being Hamilton and became the average director who just followed the script. Hamilton is well known because of his nude pictures. But they are just a part of his work His cousin is not in the best shot. Natural Garden House reminds us of Hamilton's work. (Often neglected) while the girls, even at the time of the nude, have nothing special in the way he gave us Perhaps Hamilton may be confused about having a boy in front of the camera. Maybe he thinks the line that the sensor will accept may be because he is trying to do new things (and nobody dares tell him he shouldn't) but he doesn't care. Most of what he admired
