I like David Hamilton's nude in the form of a woman who is sometimes erotic. Some people like them too because my David Hamilton book was stolen. In one book, there is a picture of a little boy who clearly appears naked with an older woman. Although not continuous It has a strong sexual connotation. A new land for David Hamilton, which proved to be a still image from the Tendres Cousines movie or the photos taken in the scene. <br /> <br /> The art of still photography is unfortunately not automatically translated into movies. Soft focus becomes out of focus and the non-continuous angle causes confusion, probably because in motion they cannot be considered. You may see or miss and don't have time to observe to understand. This movie should be a joke and a funny story happens, but it can't. "Together" perhaps because the story develops slowly and some people may wonder what happened Finally, Julian, 14, had sex with his cousin. But it is a soft core without touching the penis on the camera Because it is a joke, we have a frustrating and embarrassing young woman in the show, gagging, and when my father caught them, my father gave him a cigarette to complete the experience. In fairness, this film is in French and corresponds to the French film style which may be too subtle for most Americans, even with English subtitles that will help us to the Philistines. <Br /> <br /> Pornography and that is the result of the current climate that clearly see sexual exploitation of children is a serious problem. No one in the right mind wants to approve or endorse the sexual abuse of children, so there is no room for children to see, even in a mild sexual context, without activating violence warning signs. Sexual They will think "Lucky Julien!" Even when they agree that sex and children in this movie are "Bad things" all the time that they still think they might be Julian Women may have similar thoughts, but all such considerations must be pushed out of the conscious mind. The worst assumption has become automatic and is inevitably a matter of children and sex. Terrible because sexual stimulation is a real human experience. Every child grows up and becomes a sex man like Julian does. It is an appropriate literature story. The cinema is also included. But banned under the threat of sexual violence against children, I think David Hamilton is at risk of making a movie on this topic. Even in the 1980s, he was quite successful in exploring this delicate topic and unfortunately we Shouldn't see better in the near future for fear of Child pornography labels
