This is a very entertaining movie and I enjoy it a lot. I didn't rent a movie like this (like indie flicks), but I was interested in this film because it has incredible actors including Jamie Kennedy that I loved since. The ending of the Scream film director takes risks. (And is a risk) to tell the lives of many people (And I mean, MANY) Different people and interwoven at different times. Accepting that risk is a good idea because the result is an exceedingly good movie. > The film has a few main characters, Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) - the author of a fortune cookie that is not satisfied with his girlfriend's relationship on the rocks because of the argument Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch ) - plane repairman / technician who has The love of all living species. (Except maybe the maid of the meter) and those with good minds have more bad luck. Cyr (Brian Cox) - The owner of a Chinese restaurant / donut shop that is germaphobe and because he is afraid of germs placed at the assistant / chef Sung - Cruz) under pressure to save his fears. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk), whom he is confident about. attempt; Stop him to be fun, look ridiculous, go crazy and not live a normal life. They began to have little arguments and almost crazy and Olive began to wonder seriously about Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a person whose life is not good when bad things begin to merge. In his life, he decided to accept it in his hand. Mitchell - (Jon Huertas) believes that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the girl of his dreams and those He was destined to each other, even if she had Users believe He tried to flirt her every time he received it, and he certainly tried! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been fired from his job and has doubts about his role as a service provider. He works again as he doesn't suit him. Annelle, his wife - (Arabella Field) comforted through the loss experience. His work until she knew that Johnston was not a loving husband. She thought he was <br /> <br /> All in all, I definitely recommend this movie! <br /> <br /> -Erica
