The only reason I gave this 9 is that other child actors who have suffered Tadashi's torture do not depend on the job. I think they are just children that are age appropriate and useful. But they are not good coaches and their scenes are a little annoying. <br /> <br /> I said that you don't judge this thing according to US standards because it's full of ambiguity and the type of culture in Japan. Embrace and do not adhere to the moral limits of black / white-hat-caps. This movie is under For example, there were precious funny moments when Tadashi's small yokai friend group found that they gave up and abandoned another yokai and Shojo-Kirin herald - doing something that the stressful Japanese adults would do. Does not occur in Disney movies This picture also has the best product placement for the beer you've seen in children's movies. <br /> <br /> Previously, there was a time when the school teacher beat a few books on the head with a notebook. Attend her class There were television commercials in Japan a couple of years before this movie came out. It's a stop-motion animation for depressed children and playing guitar and singing blues in his room. His mother yelled at him from the ground floor to shut up. Then someone gave the candy bar and encouraged him and sang happily. But his mother came in and told him to shut up again and cause him to have drugs on his forehead. I talked about this ad because it was funny and I didn't hear any objections while I was there. There is more bloodshed and physical cruelty on the screen in "The Great Yokai War" than in the Disney movie. As a parent, if this is a movie in the United States, I will be in the arms of things, even if there is no need for moral lessons at the end of the picture, of course, not black and white. Since it is a Japanese movie, I therefore admit that those cultural norms allow for images that do not meet the standards and practices of the US production. However, I may feel a little uncomfortable taking young children to watch without having to give them a briefing and / or questioning after the show about violence and other matters, or I'll wait until they Older to show them
