Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy partners in history and deserve it, so I'm happy to watch their movies. Professor Noodles (Lucien Littlefield) is nearing completion of his reconstruction formula, along with being able to reverse the age after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the sweeping chimneys that came to their work and quickly needed Ollie. Will get from Stan, make a mistake, Ollie goes to the roof to help the other end of the brush on the top of the chimney But Stan in the living room ended up pushing him back into the attic. After destroying the reinforcements, Stan received a gun change from the wall, and of course it would shoot out the brush. Stan looked up and Ollie stood at the attic door, the roof fell into the greenhouse. Stan asks if he is injured or not, and Ollie simply replies that "I have nothing to say." Ollie returned to the roof and he and Stan embarked on a fight and ended up at Ollie, falling down and destroying the chimney. With a lot of bricks coming down and Jessup Butler (Sam Adams) is covered with smoke, chimney ash, oh, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan. The kids decide to clean up the mess and when Stan tears. Flowing with a shovel. Ollie asked "You can't do anything" and Stan replies, "I have nothing to say." Shoving his head. When Ollie holds a bag of stingers in the ashes, they are distracted by drawing on the wall and the ashes end up in Ollie Stan's pants, then scooping in the head again. Professor Noodles completed his formula and made a final test with a duck by dripping in a water tank, turning it into a duck. He also shows the success of the boy by turning the duck into an egg, and later he offers to use human subjects like his butler. As he left, the children decided to test the formula by themselves, but Ollie was stumbled into the water tank with all the formulas. In the end, what once Ollie emerged was a monkey, and when Stan asked him to speak, Ollie all said that "I have nothing to say" and the whip is a stainless whip. Full of great slashing and all the classic jokes you want from black and white movies. It's a fun movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are number 7 in The Comedian 'Comedian. Very good!
