This is a strange Laurel and Hardy comedy that has a split personality: sometimes it feels like two movies created in a different style, briefly shortened in happiness each. As a joke in their own right and humor that seems to lead them all day and synthesize the different elements of this movie into entertainment While I have never heard of fans talking about DIRTY WORK as his or her favorite Laurel and Hardy comedy. But it is a story that everyone seems to like. <br /> <br /> Our story is set in the house of Professor Noodles. Demonstrating one of the key elements of the story: an extreme parody of the Mad Scientist scenario. This is a rare investment into the Sci-Fi territory for L&H; Abbott and Costello and The Three Stooges intertwined with the crazy doctor over Stan & Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with creating a revitalizing serum that can make people younger at the time. The Jessup Butler, ironically sarcastically, expressed the skepticism of the audience with blunt eyes. In the meantime, Stan & Ollie is a chimney sweeping the appearance of the professor's house the same day he completes his problem-solving methods. (But the first rate) characteristics associated with chimneys, roofs, shovels and the number of unfortunate accidents If you don't enjoy watching these people abandon your work, you may not like DIRTY. But for fans of this movie team is a celebration. The highlight occurred when Ollie plunged into the chimney into the fireplace and then hit with a brick that fell on his head with precision in one piece of madness. I like Ollie's shock falling from the roof to the greenhouse. The work process is slapdash. I wonder if it's a joke in the way W.C. The movie of Fields has the worst rear projection scene in the world. <br /> <br /> What a slap is a great fun But it was the inspiration of a mad scientist who made this film distorted and the two players who deserved the tip of the hat: the prolific character actor Lucien Littlefield is excellent as a professor and Send his melodic chanting with fun and swearing with joyfulness, while Sam Adams is a role that Jessup the Butler does not play. The Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy in the moments that matter most to them, it's worth noting that the actor Hal Roach Studio to support their film immensely. The background music of Le Roy Shield is also the same, but the usual DIRTY WORK is a rare opportunity in this period, which is a parody of Roach that has no background music after the opening. Emotional music may improve the operation but not that; This is a very funny comedy and is a good example of what makes Laurel & Hardy popular in their time.
