I found this movie for the first time when I was searching for some work in the witch. Stéphane Rideau continued to participate in the extraordinary destruction caused by «Les Roseaux, an amazingly beautiful sauvages (in Portugal, Juncos Silvestres) by AndréTéchiné I was searching for a similar movie in a much older age. I found it. «Presque Rien», the movie that the director Sébastien Lifshitz opened, allowed us to be nominated by the Cannes Festival in 2000. A story about two men as children. Home men »Mathieu (JérémieElkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) found during the summer holidays In a land far away from where he lived, Mathieu spent the day at the beach with his sister. There he met the local Cédric, where he began evaluating and revealing relationships using the seductive and seductive personality at Stéphane Rideau for his character (in «Les roseaux sauvages», less than 6 years old. Maintain The innocence of the experienced witch's seductor), an example of directing the love sequence in the intimate and confession-made statement about the first boy facing his sexuality. (Still ambiguous) sex and great love The first love in joy is hopeless. The best thing about this movie is France's best story: love, enthusiasm, popularity, reasoning and excitement, beauty, brownness, simplicity and nature that have been accepted by the family, even if it's not surprising. And angry at first There are still beaches, lightness, light simplicity of the summer, the freshness of the wind, the melody of the waves and the expressive eyes of Elkaïm that are kept (Hesitant, hurt, puzzled, passionate) Sex is not avoided or taken advantage of. But will be treated the same way that there is no intention of expression This is an extraordinary quality theater performance without price sympathy, showing the true image of two couples in their youth as a general person, even if there is fear in society. Rejected and embarrassed It is worth watching, especially with French film enthusiasts. (Although the DVD cover is quite crippled by two actors who are between dozens of stars The witch in the movie in my opinion deserves 8-9!
