I agree that this movie is a little slow with many everyday scenes and no interaction. And I was not impressed immediately after watching it However, after a few days, I realized that this movie was with me and it caused a melancholy emotion that was in my heart. I appreciate this film more It deserves to be considered higher than the instant forgotten movie. <br /> <br /> As many people criticize this film, it is not linear and is a hallmark of European cinema compared to the narrative style The line at Boon Hollywood, I don't really know whether or not it is true. Many people do not like the structure that is confused and lacking clear explanations. For those audiences, I don't think there is anything that I can say to change their opinions. However, for others who have not watched movies, do not expect to be challenged and do not expect that the film will give every answer and you may enjoy it more than you want. <br /> <br /> This movie skips a bit. But only for 3 periods of time Pay attention to hairstyles and you can easily separate from 2 in 3 periods. In addition, it is not confusing as suggested. Just fun and everything will be clear at the end. <br /> <br /> Yes, there are many things that have not been answered or shown and many situations have not been explored. But that's not what life is like. Many times you are unsure of the motivation of your friends / loved ones unless you confront them and even if you are not 100% sure if they tell you the truth. This type of movie forces us to interpret the reasons behind the action. However, this film has enough advice for you to make reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is a man of depression and suicide. Why? I don't know. Perhaps his life may not be exactly what he expected. Maybe he misses his family. But did not forgive the father who left the sick mother when she needed Maybe after he sacrificed Cedric to rearrange and definitely destroy his life to be with him, he realized that it was all "to come and cancel." I think the director intended to show us that he had a fragile idea Always by that scene with dead birds Perhaps he has a sensitive and stressful heart that is causing him to lose. But we show that he is not an animal suffering from psychosis by interacting with his lover and stray cats. There is also a discussion between doctors and Cedric once that clarifies the reasons behind the breakup and suicide attempts. The doctor asked him that everything was okay and Cedric thought so even though he had cheated Mathieu once. But that is not so That is the only reason we don't know. There may be others gathered. It's great that we know what they are? I don't think so for this movie. Other signs that in the end they are not compatible are the historical ruins. Mathieu interested in studying Cedric ruins, not He is a hormone that focuses on the physical side without the intelligence that Mathieu wants. <br /> <br /> Finally, the end is quite hopeful and sweet. I was very surprised by the events that occurred after the cold voice at the edge reached the end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints for the DVD. One is the sound is very soft, I have to accelerate the sound to hear the conversation. Then, when it turns into a bar or an outdoor crowd scene, it is too loud. In other words, the subtitles cannot be closed. They are on the screen Most foreign movie DVDs that are not sold in major studios will have a low price.
