'Presque Rien' ('Come Undone') is an earlier work by writer / director Sébastien Lifshitz (with the collaboration of writer Stéphane Bouquet - a team that gives 'Wild Side' later) when we come to understand the characteristics. Of Lifshitz's storytelling. Each of his works will be even more valuable. By allowing his gentle and delicate love stories to be revealed in a random fashion, the same way that was found in the minds of confusing and unstable adolescents - the time at this time, time passed, reflections of time, times of imagination Time alone - Lifshitz with every aspect of character response It takes a little time to practice his method. But using his technique attracted us deep into the movie. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (handsome and talented JérémieElkaïm) is visiting the sea for a holiday. In order for his mother (Dominique Reymond) to fight for her unspecified illness, supervised by Annick (Marie Matheron), a wise and wise worldly man, and accompanied by Sarah Sarah (Laetitia Legrix). His sister: Father. Far away, they remain at home for business reasons. Weaving in and out in the first part of the movie is a picture of Mathieu alone, depressed, riding a train, talking to someone in the voice recorder. We were left to wonder if the action that had been resolved was a memory or a contemporary action. <br /> <br /> While sunbathing at the beach, Mathieu noticed the handsome teenager that he showed to him and us. Able to feel the emotions of Mathieu, who confused the youth of Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), following Mathieu and his sister's house to study the fascinating mysteries Soon, Cédric approached Mathieu and a gentle introduction led to a kiss that began with a passion for passionate love. Mathieu was afraid of the direction he took Cédric's approach to the public. But still seeking him for delivery These two young men are full of love and enactment. In the physical aspect of this relationship, it is absolutely necessary to understand this story with the audience in some erotic and sensual scenes. But when Summer wears Mathieu, a committed student realizes that Sedi is a vagrant who works in a flavoring shop at a carnival. Apparently Cédric is a Dionysian partner, while Mathieu is an Apollonian, one of the storytelling stories in the destruction of architecture. Mathieu is thrilled with the beauty of history and space while Cédric is interested in just a new place for courtship. <Br >> < br>> Mathieu is a complex person dealing with his family's relationships caused by serious illness and a father who does not live with fear of sexual relations His sex and passion in Cerec Their happy moments were disturbed by Cédric's acceptance of infidelity and Mathieu's inability to deal with that problem and eventually they separated. Over time, family changes and Mathieu fell into depression, including suicide attempts. The manner in which Mathieu adheres to all these challenges and finds a strange consolation in Pierre (Nils Ohlund), a lover of Sedi who brings the movie to a vague climax. <br /> <br /> The movie has the feeling of identifying these characters so strong that the desire to start the movie from the beginning now with the knowledge of the complete story has a Lifshitz power. A movie about meditation for us with love, conflict with the power, love found in love, and the silent film of silence and reverence that is so beautiful Incomparable All the actors are great and the direction is soft and inspiring. Lifshitz is one of the brightest lights in making movies. In French with English subtitles Highly recommended. Grady Harp
