What a wonderful thing if sometimes there is a big, big imagination. Takashi Miike has proved that when the Great Yokhai war that he can dip into movies other than the crime / Yakuza (visitors) Q and Andromedia showed this thing to the lesser former). But here, Miike, in his first and only screen writing credit, proved that he could deliver the product. Soup, post-modern myth and fantasy of meeting a tanker of CGI creature effects and makeup. And the great battle that is like a "festival" rather than what comes out of the Lord of the Rings. Comparison can be done far and wide to make sure and the most obvious thing to move forward is Miyazaki for the ingredients that seem Will be the identity of the magician. Great children are looking for the energy of the world. The main source of machinery is the greatest evil and many meticulously designed monsters (or Yokai from the name), but there are comparisons with Star Wars, especially the Gungan battle in the TPM and A play that uses all the energy between good and evil with similar forces. Or anime, such as Samurai 7 or, of course, with Henson 's movies and from comparing all of these and even during times of flaws or moments beyond limits, it is the Miike that comes with the sensitivity of the effect. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki plays the role of Tadashi, a young boy who begins with calmness and sensitivity to things in the world, but becomes a hero in the world that goes into darkness. The darkness comes from the evil magician who has received energy from anger and evil feelings in the human world and who begins to kill souls and other creatures. The Yokhai descends into the fire that sends them. A giant robot with the only mission to destroy and kill everything in front. Tadashi wakes up to fight Sato, the magician while Yokai, when Sation and Coi Agi (kill Chiaki Kuriyama of Bill Bill, another great villain) People) steal Tadashi's small companion companion Tadashi. Soon things come to play in the important points that remind of many fantasy movies and other stories, but can be stored until One by Miike and his team. I might suggest The Great Yokai War for children, but in the notes ahead, it doesn't have some imagination that is watered in American circles. This thing has many living things, including a single umbrella stand and walking the wall, not talking about the serpent turtle, the fire and the woman cursed by Sato. Therefore, diversity is at a high level at the end, and anyone may feel like a monster and effect - which grows beyond expectations when the festival. "Collided with Yogi for hundreds of miles. But there is also a strong sense of imagination in both light and darkness, and Sunekosuri may become the greatest emotional tool to get rid of Miike (and not just because of the cuteness of the squares) anywhere else that the audience can Get anger more than a little furry ball. Who will fight Tadashi in the form of a robot? <br /> <br /> But all of these anarchic feelings that can be found in the brightest spots in Miike's career are here, unlike the Muppet and sci-fi movies. About songs that were dedicated to Akuzi beans during the important moments during Climax and more than a few fancy flights with creatures and fighting scenes (I like, for example, a man with a big blue head Those who have to make it smaller or the turtles that are concerned - Yogi) The biggest danger that Miike used to access special effects and computer wizards that he flirts with is overkill. As I go down, I'm sure with the storyboard and he made a memorable impression with some elements. (One of them is when everyone talks and does, and Tadashi and the other 'human characters' are in the middle of Tokyo. But sometimes CGI is a little unbelievable to robots and skirts that influence over-color and some images, such as Yokai's overlays, spread the word about the big festival on the map. Only It seems weak and dab. I almost suspect that Miike might sink in the Spy Kids territory. Frankly, <br /> <br /> This responsibility, in addition to the Great Yokai war, is more than excitement Exciting excitement and innocent melodrama Comes with many of the best childhood fantasy It owes a lot to movies, including traditional Japanese folk tales. But the screws tend to rotate even in the most ridiculous and confusing rhythm It's not his best filmmaker. But working on experiments in advertising media eventually ended up working for his benefit. It's a small, neat message and a cool adventure. 7.5 / 10
