A lot of people stuck with this movie tag as "Movies for children" and of course it is even though it was created for adults. Takashi Miike uses the fantasy genre, especially the fantasy for children, as a skydiving board in the forest area, the Great Yokai War. <br /> <br /> Setting That value is very simple. The boys are chosen to play "hero" this year, the annual festival, just to discover his role is actually more than he can imagine. What follows is a strange and funny hallucination, often traveling to the world of Japanese folklore. However, the villain here is not just a demon. But it is a demon spirit of dissatisfaction, the accumulation of things that humans "use" and "discard". The use of rooms that are created from pure hatred / resentment, the villain transforms the colorful Yokai soul into a Ten feet tall, temporary robot that is crazy about arms and eyes like a burning charcoal (Those who play the video game Sonic The Hedghog, Dr. Robonenik, some of them show steps similar to the cute and cuddly things that Sonic must "release") <br /> <br /> Hero in the movie This is the most interesting character. The world is crazy. Although he has passed the general hero test, he is more often than cowers. Like many Yokia himself, who seems to have no place to really rely on a robot to kill. Some spirits have umbrellas with eyes, walls or living creatures. Of course, having to count the beans ... Of course, in the magic world of the Miike's Yogi War, even nuts have magical powers when people believe in them. <br /> <br /> In many ways, this movie destroys Meeting the child's imagination Only a few characters who have courage, their victory is a combination of events, indiscriminate beliefs and the desire to party. Yokai souls gather together only and encircle the villains after they misunderstand the end of The invasion of the world for the world for the great Yokai festival and even dance and party only The movie ends with a normal celebration. Everything ends with a good imagination. But with the last scene showing that our heroes are older than adults, now can't see the spirit of Yagai's young boy, who now turns out to be The villain, who is a spirit, will never truly die. The ending with the spirit of Yokai, which is the image of Pikachu of Pokemon that reminds us not only But left himself at a young age only The villain is caused by dissatisfaction when humans do not respect the world and the surrounding objects. (In Japanese folklore, almost every object has some kind of spirit) and when they are used and discarded in a consumer society without respect. They became a spiritless machine, unlike those seen in modern video games, saying that even though our imagination and fairy tales are not dead <br /> <br /> This is one of the first scripts that Miike has to support, and I believe that it shows that there are dense concepts that sometimes get swept under the carpet by the richness. Perfect for his fun to see Although I focus on the story mostly (Because users here seem to write it out) but I want to say that CGI's kaleidoscope, stop animation, costumes and puppets have amazingly well-functioning lives. There are many dreamlike qualities in this film, and Miyazaki's comparison is guaranteed, as is the comparison between NeverEnding Story and Labrynth. Although the film is more sharp and mature, Yokai is beaten, brutally and violently. Became a living hatred machine, which I believe that even killing only a few calves that had been maimed by Manu's face Ray was born and died in a strange film that, while the females. Long neck, lick the face of our boy's hero or other characters, the permanent memories of touching the boy's thigh, clad in water, the spirit that looks scantily clad, seems to linger too long for most Western tastes by Especially when considering that this is a "child movie". However, these things are small enough to catch the attention of adults, while slightly enough to not hurt. Previously, the revision will be worse more often. <br /> <br /> All of this is one of the most easily accessible Miikes and participates in adventure with dramatic pictures and performances. (The spirit of Yokai has humanism and humor that is ridiculous for them to laugh out loud sometimes) to attract audiences of all ages and have a firm idea under the current that is strong enough to attract audiences. As adults A nostalgic feeling for the long lost fantasy film of their youth. The latter group looks like this movie will get the most attention by asking if they not only But continue to consume the world around them A truly beautiful, funny and original movie from an exciting director who didn't immediately approach his classic peak.
