This may be the best TV program I've ever seen. I saw it for the first time in Comedy Central many years ago. While I do not know that it has been greatly modified and displayed in a mess and only see all three sets in order and not modified. (Thanks to the internet and "The series of tubes" Your miracle) I'm so glad I discovered it again! I think Comedy Central has chosen and selected through one and two series to create "Season" ...... and I try to invite friends and family to see. But nobody really likes it (I want new friends). With myself, I do the best I can. Even when I felt that it was fading away, I still felt compelled to continue watching. Many years after I discovered Little Britain, I immediately recognized that Pauline from LoG had influenced Marjorie in the fat fighters. In addition, I like the idea of ​​writers who perform all the shows .... (not new But doing it flawlessly here) LB Nothing in LoG! (No offense, Matt & David .... Love you)! This is a dark comedy genius. Continuous murder, implicit carnage ..... You name it, and it may be found in this unique art. The location of the scene from the first scene was cold and seemed to invite you to Royston Vasey ..... You will never leave! I think my favorite character must be Tubbs, but each character as shown has his own "charm". My favorite thing is Papa Lazarous, until he appears again in the third series. (Clever and unexpected) is best to watch many episodes in a row, because it causes continuity and, as I said before, it is very interesting (while performing) which you can't stop watching have This is not for those who are tired, children, conservatives or grandmothers. (Unless you have a naughty grandmother) Of the United States .... sorry) which is different from anyone else in that it draws a new line between funny things and things that are just sick and twisted There is nothing in the US TV that is approaching this level of entertainment. The TV program that aired in the US is very sad and lame. I can't stand to watch anything at all. It is sad that even our cable channels do not have the courage to show this model that has not been modified. (Losing your Comedy Central) Fortunately, there is a show like this that comes from "crossing the pool" that is exchanged for the media every ten years or more. The basic cable here in the United States has made small steps in the last few years confidently "crossing the line" that has sexual content, drug use and language for more adults. But they are still far away from making decisions as adults about real life Adult behavior (Instead of just killing passion and blowing things, it's like the same basic acting style in the last 35 years)! Don't let me start with the US sitcoms! Wasting time and losing a lot of money ...... Do you know that "According to Jim" has been broadcast for 10 years? 10 years?? Continue ... See this list. Get it on DVD. Do what you need to do and make your friends watch as well! You have never seen anything like this before. There are three special offers that I haven't watched .... I'm helping them to pop up in my best friend the next time they visit. He will watch them even though I have to bind him and draw him with Excrement! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Please note that the three series departing from one and two .... The big city seems to be missing in order to focus on the new characters following the lost laugh. (Thanks to Blood Hell) The theme is more bands and a little orchestra and a bit of The story takes place outside Royston Vasey. Don't be thrown away by anything, as in the end of the series, keeping the warp quiet before being shown in one and two series. I think these four people create things that cannot be identified. Excellent, confident and decadent. You will want to look again and again. It is amazing that in 5 seconds of screen time, they can go from cheap gag to horrifying insults and then end up with close facial expressions. If I met with the writer / actor, I asked them not to create it again or try to make it better ..... I just said, "Can I help you?" May slap me so I ask them to sign a slap)! 10 out of 10
