I am looking forward to losing friends & people for months, especially since Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg are actors. Simon Pegg is a comedic genius and Kirsten Dunst is a favorite actress. How to lose friends & people who are depressed Of course not perfect. But fun and very funny How to lose friends and strangers according to Sidney Young's life, a small British celebrity journalist hired by a luxury magazine in New York City. In a beautiful fashion, Sidney enters high society and burns bridges with fellow superiors and superstars. After stopping the black tie once, allowing the boar to run rampant, Sidney received the attention of Clayton Harding, Sharp's editor, and took a job with a magazine in New York City. Clayton warned Sydney that he should make an impression and charm for everyone if he wanted to succeed, but Sidney immediately insulted and caused the writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst) to be mad. Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also makes the head of Lawrence Maddox overturn (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to annoy everyone. His savior, Sophie Maes (Megan Fox) famous actor who developed a strange love for him At the time Allison's friendship might be the only thing that helped Sydney from his busy career. The story is very interesting and the performance is the best with what the actor gets. Simon Pegg is still hilarious as always! He makes Sydney miserable, obnoxious and annoying. But over time, Sydney was not only a favorite. But still the true character that you take root in the end. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges are great! Kristen has some great acting and hilarious scenes and Jeff Bridges is just Jefferson Bridges! How did you like him! He makes Clayton a funny and witty character and overall you love that man. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston are great as actors. Each person has his own personality, which is overall not cute. But that's what makes this film work better. One thing I don't like is a character in one dimension. I understand that most actors are supporters. But some actors were used up and may make the film more spice. How to lose Friends & Alienate People will never be in the top 10 of every movie or even the top 10 of the movie. But it has a very high level of entertainment How to reduce friends and people to be one of the most romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
