Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE is a story about a lively doll, when humans are not near. In this adventure, they have to help the French doll kidnapped Babette from the pirate captain. On the way, they travel through the Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land, their new assistant friend. The Camel With Wrinkled Knees will help them or just slow them down by seeing hallucinations from their friends. Who left him? How can they escape the King's Koo and his allies?!? What will their owners say when she sees her 7th birthday gift doll disappearing with her other toys? A delightful surprise awaits both adventurers. <br /> <br /> All the points come out. 10: Story: 8 - Very cute, lively doll when the teacher is away. Not only that, because they go out in many different places, but they are in a world of imagination, so everything can happen. Meet new characters, go to different places to find great new friends. All characters work well in this story as well, and those who don't love pirates! Performances: 8 - All characters are good for their voice. Especially the enemy hole Marlon Brando Toffee, greed. French dolls have a very ironic French accent. Hitler's evil Kookoo King (Which has a hair that is similar to Simpson's Sideshow Bob) played his role very well Why is the old dubbed animation better than the new animation? Music: 10 - Nothing is perfect here. The song has been in my head for many years and has been watched again. Nearly 20 years later, I still remember that everyone in them and now can know where these songs come from. Joe Raposo from the famous "Sesame Street "Performs great with this song and everyone sings really well. <br /> <br /> Edit: 6 - Hey, this is where it will be confusing. I mean, how much of Raggedy's walk? There seems to be a lot of events happening one at a time, and no one says that dolls and other toys are like you never saw them in the real world of movies. But it follows certain paths that they have to go. It is difficult to follow. <br /> <br /> Identity: 8 - Between now and Unico, I must say that there are different parts in the movie. Two stories How i try Mostly scary I might say that old movies are more creepy than today's animations. But it must use the cake in the formidable factor Outside of South Park movies and some Disney movies, there is almost no background music or movies that are very distinctive. <br /> <br /> Value: 8- It's classic, worth the hunt to get a copy. Of course, but the VHS copy may be extended now. The DVD version is available on eBay at all times and will definitely be something that you will watch more than once. If anything can be obtained for the purpose of thinking. <br /> <br /> Overall score (not average): 8 - It's a wonderful timeless music made in the late 70s and still able to Enjoy today The characters are unique and the music is excellent. Great. You may find yourself humming over and over again. Give your favorite animal doll today! Insight Examiner (including prejudice): This is not like Raggedy Ann's TV series made in the next decade. This is a darker and more realistic world. The effect in this picture looks like a lot of other cartoon acid trips from the 70s, especially the yellow submarine. Even though it gave me memories, I will never forget and may influence things today. It's not easy to find. But it will be a treasure stored on my DVDs and videos forever
