Oh, God, bless the 1970s. We have the most horrible movies that came out in the decade: shaman, jaw, Texas massacre, chain saws, Halloween and now Raggedy Ann & Andy: musical adventures. This movie must be used to torture the terrorists who tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world. I mean seriously. This movie made me scared. My sister has this movie in her VHS collection and I want to know what kind of movies they will make from dolls that come out of great depression for children with money. In very little pockets, what the hell? It's a rather funny story that this movie is a Toy Story version of the 1970s. It's quite important, just a thousand times more scary. Disney has Alice in Wonderland to travel to play drugs for children. <br /> <br Whenever Marcella leaves the Raggedy Ann room with Raggedy, her brother Andy and the nursery full of colorful toys will come alive on Marcella's birthday. Babette Babette from France to the United States are creatures of habit, lose consciousness, unaware that she is a doll Raggedy Ann is friendly but do everything she can to make Babette feel at home. However, the pirate captain contacted and kidnapped her. Raggedy Ann and Andy set out to try to help her before Marcella discovered Babette disappeared out of the world in the nursery. Both found a camel and Wrinkled Knees. The past left and now became heartbroken and lonely. After Raggedy, Ann and Andy ride a camel car, he begins to hallucinate and looks without looking over the cliff into the deep hole. In this hole, they find greedy, huge ice cubes of continuous taffy that never consumes. Raggedys and camels narrowly escaped being greedy and continue to search for Babette? And believe me, it just makes me freak from this point. <br /> <br /> While this movie is absolutely disturbing and I just want to cry and close my eyes in this movie. Back in the day when we had a hand-drawn animation that made the movie more personal and the writer and animator cared for you, you could tell that they did that with Raggedy Ann. & Andy: A Adventure Adventure Of course, this is not the worst movie I have ever seen. I don't know who to suggest as well. I must admit that I'm glad I watched it. Sometimes you have to have "WTF?!" Movies that will add color to your selection. Believe me when I say Raggedy Ann has no problem doing that to me. It was official. The doll was eerie. Let's try it like this. There is a giant caramel river that eats everything. The head of the king is growing up as he laughs. The strange thing that makes Raggedy Ann and her brother. Strange, almost incestuous between Ann and Andy and two naked dolls that will haunt my dreams with their songs forever. Yes, <br /> <br /> 7/10
