It was a look at a few times for me to wrap myself around this thing, but for me, Tears of Kali is one of the horror highlights of the year 00 and as far as freelance horror became a true masterpiece. It's the story of the group. Taylor-Eriksson Which is a cult group that is based in India, where members discover great knowledge and healing with undesirable results that have been reflected over the years With the books that are located in India, this film was created by a majority of the three stories that are based in Germany, which is the result of group work. Taylor-Eriksson With blood that is disgusting sometimes It's an interesting scene when these things happen. But what makes this movie different is the way that the imagination is carefully set up to develop horror movies. The bad things are liberated and the general course of the film is to see that the ultimate self-knowledge and healing brings horror to patients, doctors and others, and the film is filled with intelligent images. For the power of darkness as well Which is related to dark forces, not limited to time, place or even personality A good example of this story can be found in the first issue, especially dealing with journalists interviewing women in a mental hospital. Before this story, we saw Lars Eriksson and eye-catching laziness (lazy). We also saw him heal, or at least comfort the patient. The first mentally ill woman was Eriksson who treated the patient as well as she wrapped the fabric from the art class she worked in. Among her patients, a friend saw a lazy face. Eyes like Erikssons. There is also a reference to the villagers in a special miniature role and walk on. There is a special sensory perception of what happens in the movie. The evil that has been liberated, spread and can infect others. Almost the movie has more philosophy than the evil that is inside. It is a movie about death, suffering and possible redemption. All are bound in The structure derived from Hindu beliefs in the way that it may seem to be exploited. More than one belief may be expected. (At least from the research I do on Wikipedia) writer / director Andreas Marschall deserves significant credit for his ability to make movies. The movie is also cute. The soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama John has a fantastic piano jingle, and there are two interesting shows like Michael Balaun as a horrible doctor and Cora Chilcot as a freak, especially good. The third story is taken from the veteran Mathieu Carrière as a faith keeper. The biggest problem of this movie is that it's not a matter of much time, so fear may disappear. But these things and other performances a few times can contribute quite well. Therefore, this film is not as interesting as it should be. Sometimes performances and pacing as well. But for the most part, I think it is great if the color of the short meaning is worth looking for an adventure horror fan that I think
