Where is this movie when I was young? After his parents quit, Tadashi moved with his mother to live his grandfather. Tadashi's sister was with his father and they talked to the phone often. Grandfather was just "here" every third day. The mother never lived. Really home. Children tend to choose poor children. During the festival, the village of Tadashi was chosen as "Kirin's driver" or the spiritual champion of peace and justice He was a little skeptical that he would soon have to step into the role of a true hero because the forces of darkness joined the anger of things that were left in the plan to destroy humans and the spirit world. <br /> < br /> OK is the easy part. Now the hard part is trying to explain the movie. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie for kids. No, this is a great movie with bugs. (There are many flaws?) But it's a great movie. No one is less. It unfolds like a wonderful book that you loved since childhood and is dense. Sometimes, Tadashi struggles to find strength to become a hero. Watching it, I felt that I was reading a great book and thought how big it would be if it was a book. I love that this movie does not follow the normal path. Often things come from events that occur or by communication errors. One character is sucked into the event just because his feet are asleep. There are twists and turns and moments that seem not sequencer and more charming for it (which is a typical Miike). Of course, it's a movie. Takashi Miike, the Japanese film director, is clearly seen as a film director who feels amazing Scared and funny at the same time No one except Miike who seems to understand that you can have many emotions at the same time or that you can have a twist while things darken in the next seconds and then continue to joke. I admire the fact that Miike created a bleak and hopeful film that didn't shy away from fear. I mean, really scary, especially children. This is the same dark land that should be in the Harry Potter movie. Grimms rarely have that darkness. This story has a sense of humor. My first reaction when I saw the initial image was that I didn't believe anyone would start making movies for children with pictures of the end of the world. Then I realized who was making a movie to find Miike to create a movie that knew children. Can handle horrible images <br /> <br /> It still works more than one level The mechanical monster that the wicked person made was created from human waste. His anger was thrown away, causing the fuel of a monster in Yokai to talk about sneakers. Anger that had been thrown away because they were dirty or felt too small when being thrown. You still have a good person who refuses to join the bad guys, because that's what humans have to do. It's a new concept. But like other things that float around things that give the film to another level (there are many good riffs and references to other movies, TV shows and novels that make me wonder if this movie is Because children may not understand them even though many parents will) and of course there are monsters They use the music tones from magic to stopping everywhere. Frankly, you must forgive the unevenness of their creation just because they have to be a hundred if not thousands of monsters on the screen. It's cool and it works well. One of the main characters is Yokai, which I think best describes as a hamster in a robe and is often played by stuffed animals. It looks dumb. But you will cheer a little bugger. (Acceptance is easier if you have seen old wood carvings of strange monsters in Japan). I mention some flaws and things. The effects are not uniform, sudden turns, something weird (even if understood) and other little things that are fading away. Now, about two hours after watching the movie. Make you happy with movies. <br /> <br /> I really love this movie. I'm pretty sure that if I saw this kid, it would be my favorite movie of all time. (Where is the English dub) watch this movie It's a wonderful journey. (In addition to being a good introduction to Miike's movies, removing blood and sex graphics)
