Was billed as "The First Family Movie" by Takashi Miike - by people who have never seen Zebraman YOKAI DAISENSO bring things out in a family-friendly direction, diluting the darkness and cynicism to create a great fantasy fairy tale. The boy was chosen by fate to save the world from the monsters and the horrors they didn't know. This film is clearly larger than the budget, as Miike has done with a lot of CGI to create a fantasy world full of strange creatures (YOKAI). Perhaps the lack of content may be the result of Investors are more disturbed. But I think it is because he wants to do something different. He had never been a real horse before, but was often accused of being a man - perhaps YOKAI was designed to silence those critics. Whether it's a great project for Miike to convey his boundless imagination and invention. <br /> <br /> There is a comic sense of production. Yokai is based on an old comic book that Open according to Japanese folk tales that have influence on Miyazaki as well (especially SPIRITED AWAY). Remember that Miike has nothing like the budget of the Harry Potter movie that will also work. Special is a stylish Holly Woods seamless - screening some clear blue special. Some special effects are great. But with moving creatures well (The combination of CG, Stop Motion and Puppet) I think the small puppet socks that follow the hero in this movie are mostly * meaning * to look really cheap and cute for it. :) A young boy who plays the movie's hero is very good - it's hard to find a pre-teen boy who really understands the concept of acting, but Ryunosuke Kamiki is 9 years old. (I see him performing in the latest 2 movies of Miyazaki!) Chiaki Kuriyama has a taste that is like a real willow. Although Mai Takahashi will make a bigger impression than ever when the princess of the fairy princess river. - yum yum! People who are looking for another violent habit will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI. But if you are a fan of Miike because of his imagination and ingenuity And there are additional bonuses that you can apply to any company that you are happy :)
