It aired on TV yesterday, so I decided to try it. This is one of the latest projects of Bruce Timm / Paul Dini related to the Batman series Batman the Animated Series in 1992. After that, Jeff Matsuda returned with the idea of ​​Batman and his new Batman series. Of this new Batman The movie center around the presence of a new vigilante known as Batman But Batman felt that she had to stop because of her violent methods. Family problems) and another villain (Which was later revealed in the movie) In the smuggling operations of weapons, they also received the favor of Batwoman. The question is who is this mysterious Batwoman and is it possible that they will be more than one? It's up to Batman to solve this puzzle and stop the latest operations of Penguin. For animation movies, it has a rather complex story and a serious tone that is considered good. Another is the new design of the penguins that resemble the Mob Boss, which has the complexity that we have seen in cartoons, which is different from his previous designs that borrowed elements from the vision of Tim Burton's Pengium Water and monsters) Although this movie has a love plan But it never carried that far and didn't make the movie look like Batman Forever. The voice acting is of a standard quality for the project, directly to these videos (if Batman: Mask of Phantasm comes in this path) Kevin Conroy still shines like Batman / Bruce Wayne, and as I said, even though it takes 80 minutes, it can create a perfect (and complex) story with a little twist. Small And actions that are full of tanks There are a few drawbacks. But Nightwing doesn't have a place to see, and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne didn't click in pairs, even though there is just a reference to Tim Drake (aka Robin). There is a movie and quite frankly, I have never been a big fan of Paul Dini's Batman character design and Bruce Timm (especially in Batman showing post-BTAS). The new adventure of Batman and Robin is about. Makes Batman look fat It was built as well. (Like Jeff Matsuda's character from The Batman) It looks like Bruce Wayne will feel awkward. Those blue eyes make him look like Clark Kent and Bruce. (Although it is true, they seem very similar). Another disadvantage is Rupert's throne. (There is no explanation as to why he is in this agreement. But it is safe to say that he has a subordinate and an agreement) that can do much less then hang out with Penguim or hurt himself every time (Counting this number occurs in the movie and you will be surprised by the great Batman cartoon movies that cost at least a rental fee.
