This post may contain spoilers: <br /> <br /> Although it was 5 years after the series ended and the WB is working in the Justice League, but this animated film is another welcome. In the video library. Why? If Mask of the Phantasm admires the first Batman 70: The Movie Series and SubZero, watch the 15 episodes of Batman and Robin's adventures. Mystery of Batwoman. Watch the last 24 episodes of the Gotham Knights version of Batman Kevin Con. Roy gives the voice of a great and perfect performance. I admit that I did not speak fluently when I heard about Batman, and all I could think of was the Batman cartoon in the 1950s. But I was blown away by the Batman character. (Which I think inspired Bruce Wayne to create a set on Batman beyond) and the fact that this movie made you guess who Batman was If you want to know who is a Batwoman, buy or rent a DVD. Barbara Gordon appeared in cameo and I think the writer tried to hint that Bruce and Barbara had something to happen between them as they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as a Robin. But his role is small and sad, no sign or mention of Dick Grayson's alias Nightwing, which convinced me that he had created himself in Bludhaven (his city in the cartoon) /> <br /> one of The three suspects of my favorite Batman are Katie Duquesne, which looks scary as Halle Berry Kelly Ripa did very well as other suspects. When talking about the villain, I'm glad that the penguins are one of them. But I do not like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Gutierrez. Pengy sounds wrong. Same thing for Robin The new man is okay. But when I became familiar with Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to know that Kevin Michael Richardson, who voiced Carlton Duquesne, was the voice of Joker in the "The Batman" series. Thornnorn looks like a new improvement because he doesn't appear in the Gotham Knights episode. John Vernon will miss Although I am happy with Henry Silva as Bane's voice, if he has to be replaced But they have the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I hope they will use the Two Face, Riddler or Scarecrow in a new version. <br /> <br /> Music scores and especially the sound. The wonderful intro is great. I hope it will be a soundtrack, and I enjoy the beautiful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg Lounge along with her song Betcha Neva, while some people feel that this movie is weaker than Mask of the Phantasm. And Subzero, I found it to be strong and fun, just like the rest, including what I said earlier, it was a full-length movie based on Batman Gotham Knights. At least I would recommend renting this DVD before buying for those who may cheat on this movie. But personally, it's worth buying. I gave the mystery of Batwoman 9
