It started with a number of principles on the stage aimed at Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke listens to Duke) is a driver and starts scolding as usual with women in general and his Pearl is an exception. He then relates to the story of Samson's unreadable scripture, for the reason of keeping his long beard on the needs of pearls, a barber in the city, and those who claim that if Everyone follows his example. This point will return to occupy the final scene in the movie. Gabby seems to be a nuisance for some commentators. But it is a clear conclusion in this matter It is terrible that he is not among the better Western groups than Randoph Scott to help alleviate the behavior of Randy's steel jaw. At this stage, Randy (Cole Armin), the future wife of He (Kathryn Craig as C. Leia Wallace), whom he is familiar with and the little girl (Myrtle), which he soon becomes a hero The escape process after it was held by Uncle Randy's wheelchair bound John Armin. (George Cleveland) who runs the city. <br /> <br /> Randy realizes that his uncle soon. Is not popular among urban residents However, he quickly created a useful friendship with Gabby. After he learned that Uncle John was responsible for the strike of the business rival C. Celje and the murder involved, he demanded that Uncle John return the money and decided to work for Celia and Her brother Ted (Russell Hayden) for Uncle John. <br /> <br /> While his opponents tend to rise, uncle John decides to create an informant. (Barbara Britton in the name Lety Tyler) in the Wallace office to inform him that they are sending ore from the mine. So that he can sabotage their run When this didn't work, he turned to arson in his office, which Randy was blamed. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letty's apartment, facing the evidence that she was tipping John Lung. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when he found fire. This makes him and Letty in the dog house with Celia (Beau's clear of him) and Ted (who hopes to seek Letty). This news ends with the confidence of Uncle John in Letty as a reporter. And he advised her to leave town She changed sides and told Wallaces why Randy was in her apartment. Uncle John tried to sabotage their ore rush again and when that failed, there was a general fire in the city. You can guess the result. <br /> <br /> The plot is well built and executed with a complex relationship between the principles and obstacles that Randy has overcome with the help of his colleagues. sometimes At least Randy doesn't need to take his uncle to justice. Uncle John has the option to avoid the assassination. But firmly convinced that a woman would not have the courage to follow her threat The presence of Hayes and two healthy single women, including the little Myrtle, helped to give a very tense atmosphere in the struggle to survive while Uncle John placed it. > <br /> It seems strange that Barbara Britton, the "bad" girl, has been billed as a popular woman above Catherine Craig, who loves Randy's. The time in Barbara's camera is more limited. > <br /> Those who grow up Came in the Lassie series, starring George Cleveland as "Gramps". Be surprised to find that he plays a criminal who controls the average. We may wonder if the status of his wheelchair affects this person or not. This made him less likely to live in the wild west. If there is no clear family to help support him (Except Randy) He can't pay anyone to beat him from the most profitable business in the city. On the other hand, from his conversation, he may have achieved his status as a "boss" before becoming a bound wheelchair.
