"Ice Age" is one of the animated films produced by Blue Sky Studios and launched in 2002. As the first company, we were introduced to the main characters: Squirrel named Scrat (voiced by Chris Wedge and please note : Scrat's scream is Tom's screaming from the cartoon "Tom and Jerry") The furry mammoth elephant by Ray Romano of "Everybody loves Raymond"), Sloth named Sid (voiced by John Leguizamo's "Titan AE") and Diego Tiger's sword sword name. (Voiced by Pixar's Denise O'Leary) <br /> The movie opens with Scrat trying to bury the oak tree and after that he causes an avalanche. Then we will see a lot of animals descending south for the upcoming ice age. (Except Manny who was going the other way to find other mammoths that looked like him) Sid came out of the cave to yawn and saw that his family had left him. He then paid the toll with aardvarks. Unfortunately, he was pursued by Sylvia. (Voiced by Kristen Johnston, "3rd Rock from the Sun"), an orange female sloth who wants Sid to move with her Sid finally shook hands with Manny and they became friends. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Soto (the Goran Visnjic voiced by the Soto tribe (Voiced by Goran Visnjic)) wants revenge for the tribal chief to clear the tribe Half of his bag just steals Roshan from his infant son. In the morning, he was San Diego and Soto Lenny's associates. (Voiced by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (voiced by Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (voiced by Jack Black) attack the tribe, but the wife of the leader flees Roshan to Manny and Sid to take care of. Diego finally joined them and set out to return Roshan back to his tribe, who was looking for him as well. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and look okay? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia and Roshan, the characters in it include a wolf pack used by Roshan's tribe and do not mention the purple female Sloth named Jennifer. (Voiced by Jane Krakowski) and a female yellow sloth named Rachel (Voiced by Lorri Bagley) Sid shows them to Roshan as they relax in the oil well. Coincidentally, both Rhino and Carl (Voiced by Cedric Entertainment "Madagascar" of PDI) and Frank (voiced by Stephen Root of Pixar's "Nemo" scholar), which Sid later destroys food and confront Manny on the cliff. It's a simple secondary character, like Dodo, who uses melons as food sources. <br /> <br /> Jokes in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny said through his chest, "I don't go!" When Jennifer and Rachel leave the oil pit, Sid asks Jennifer: "What would you say if we jumped into the gene pool? And see what happens? "Jennifer answered him. "What would you say if you jumped into the TAR hole?" Rachel kicked Sid at the waist. Sylvia saw San Diego catch Sid in the neck with his teeth. Then she asked Sid if he held his breath or told Diego to eat him and walked away. <br /> <br /> Since "Ice Age" is not just a success, but it has 2 sequels: the first one is "Ice Age: The Meltdown" which was released in 2006 and the other is "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" which is about to open. Next year I can't wait to see "Ice Age: Dawn of Dinosaurs".
