I've seen Slaughter High many times over the years and found it a fun game to flick with strange humor, but I never knew it was filmed in the UK and I never knew that. The play that Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) committed suicide after the film was released. I guess I noticed while watching last night that actors, strange phrases for Americans, and some of them are not good at hiding English accents. <br /> <br /> All of that apart from this Is the story of the nerd class, Marty, who is a joke from his classmates and on one day of the April Fool's Day, he lures into the girl's locker room by Caroline Munro. (Yes, playing teenagers) and humiliating Big time on film Of course, the coach caught the gang at work & they all received heavy exercise to punish them. But not before two men sent Marty together, which he tried to smoke in the chemistry lab But full of What made him sick and when he ran to the bathroom, a classmate sneaked in and put a chemical that reacted to what Marty was mixing, which resulted in a fire and nitric acid bottle leak. Burned and scared horribly. <br /> <br /> Ten years later, this same gang headed for their grouping at the historic Doddsville High, which seems to be bizarre and boarding. Accessible But thanks to the intelligence Find a place that seems to be abandoned ... except the rooms that organize parties and put up liquor and of course they eat, drink and cheerful. Soon they will definitely die. <br /> <br /> The gangs are stalking the clown's body one by one, one by one. They don't know if he's in the trash or working with IBM. They're not sure which one. But whoever is he makes their work fast Very disgusting is that the girl who took a shower to wash the blood from one of her classmates with internal organs appeared around her when he drank poisonous beer. She is a victim of the Nam Krad Basin, which I believe may be part of the cut in the tape version, because now I look particularly disgusting. I may be wrong, but I believe it is not on the tape. > In any way, there is a distorted end. In addition, there is a slightly nude image at the beginning of the cut. But other than that, I didn't notice that there are other bits in this uncut version that should be like that. But it wasn't long ago since I saw it last time. <br /> In any case, if you're a big fan of dabbing in the 80s, try picking a new release DVD because it's fun. The atmosphere and feel at all 7 of 10
