Slaughter High began like other days at Doddsville County High School at Carol Manning (Caroline Munro), tricking the villagers Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) into the female locker room, which she said he didn't dress in the shower. Carol's group of friends came in and made the now-naked Marty very surprised as they filmed him while they were heading down the bathroom. The girl in the foolish day of April The school's sports coach (Marc Smith) saved Marty and punished the gang that was quite blamed. Marty, they decided to juggle again with him. Only this time, things that left the hand & Marty stuck in the explosion and had splashed nitric acid. Years later, all the gangs were invited to reunite at a closed school. They arrived to discover that they were the only one there. They all go inside, as they learn quickly. They are not the only one that Marty has returned and has taken revenge on his mind ... <br /> <br /> Originally taken under April Fool's Day, which they may change because of another slasher movie called April Fool's Day (1986) created in the same year as the production of American English, which is unusual because there are famous writers and directors. For The man was George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after never seen. The director, now I've seen two other people in the week that are Jean-Claude Van Damme. Kickboxer (1989) and I have to say I like Slaughter High even though it has a bad reputation. One of the things that I like about the script is that it is a flick without pure condition. It doesn't try to be something else, and it just accepts short rules. Come & play with them. In general, what is promised is the murder of a young blood murderer & baby. I think that character is ok. The story is ok. Although it's just an excuse for loading a teenager in a secluded place so some killers can. Smash them one at a time, and I like the ending ending as well. Something that Slaughter High has received a lot. The first half started a little slower. But the second half will move at a rate that is knots due to one half of the blood killed after that Some situations and reactions of the characters have little reason. But can say the same about any movie that was created. Who will complain? <br /> <br /> Although the Slaughter High of three trustworthy directors will come out quite well. Of this film is a very rundown, separate school that is built for real atmospheric locations & looks good. Manufacturers throw in a great thunderstorm as well & have a good photograph, especially at the end with a lot of amazing Impressive, long lasting stedicam. Keep track of the rundown school track, while not particularly stylish. It looks good enough & is professionally created. There is a good blood here, including the bodies that were burned, people dissolved with acid, impalings, burst in the stomach, ax in the face and death by the mower, as well as people who drown in the stool feces! Special effects are better than expected & I'm impressed and satisfied with the amount of content that is higher than expected. <br /> <br /> Technically, this movie is better than I expected. Released today, I think it's a relatively low budget. If located in America, this image is very clear in England. Harry Frediano it is a score, which sounds similar to his other musical scores and basically the same as the theme from Friday the 13th (1980) and its sequel. Everyone who lives here in the UK may remember that Billy Hartman, a Frank player on a regular basis in Emmerdale Farm (one of our nation's top operas), played Terry Woods! While most horror fans perceive Caroline Munro as sexy in a rare staring role The legendary exploit producer Dick Randall has done good with Slaughter High and actually appears in this film as a porn creator ... talking about typecasting! You can also see a poster for the misleading meaning (1982) which he created behind him in his office. <br /> <br /> Slaughter High is a movie that you like very much. Do you see that? I didn't say it was really great. I said I liked it on a personal level. & I'm sure the plot is predictable and the lack of stories may have been taken out in many ways so I can't. Can recommend Do what you want Make sure you watch the uncut version if you decide to try it. If you are not a fan of Slasher then Slaughter High will not change your mind. But if you are looking for a simple and effective slasher, you can do much worse.
