God Bless 80's Slasher movie. This is a fun and fun movie. This is something about slasher movies. Now I'm not talking about horror movies, just slasher movies. It's like this: High schools are selected by these stupid athletes and cheerleaders. Then one of their jokes is wrong. Go horribly Disfigured and resumed revenge by wearing a Joker / Jester mask (looks creepy, I might add). Marty started killing those teenagers one by one, many years later, after he managed to make them believe that the high school was Abandoned old Have a reunion Is that a plot? What happened to that? That is the beauty of the 80s slasher movie. Mostly I would say Many things may be ridiculous. But they are attracting you more and more, especially the film. <br /> <br /> There are violent killings, and some are creative too. (The poison of beer, bath cans, I can't remember the spear used before in other slasher movies.) It's a fun and really fun movie. That's all it is Don't worry about the fact that the character is a complete idiot, ignoring their ignorance and never paying attention to the random and outrageous things that happened in this movie. Like the light that can be controlled by the killer (When he does not change any buttons, you will see) and the toilet can cough the blood of steam that contains acid that is used only that part. From your entertainment! Because that's what makes it really fun. <br /> <br /> Movies like this show up to 80s slashers. Can't create a movie like this again? Do you know why? It's not 80s anymore. That's why you should cherish what they enjoy! I would like to recommend this film if you are a big fan of Slahsers, such as Friday the 13th. <br /> <br /> One of the most recent recordings in this movie is also a villain in the kick. All of him with an eerie clown mask A good villain makes the attack well. Simon Scuddamore, a Marty player, committed suicide. Apparently, after the high kill was released. The only thing that adds something creepy to the movie and adheres to it and still makes you feel more sorry for the character. Marty I guess. In summary, the great slashers in the 80s are fun! It's a shame that it's not the same anymore ...
