Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who creates art from objects that are "as artistic" as possible. Daily supplies such as crates, boxes, metal containers, etc. - Most of the things that we see as the best and being fired without having to make merit without having to change beauty - turn into a glorious object by Burtynsky's camera. Achieve this effect by focusing on the repetitive colors and geometric patterns that are evident in the industrial world - for those who know enough to see them. Even a compact, compact garbage can become a beauty object when looking through Burtynsky's lens (but we don't know from "Wall-E"?). He has a special interest in photographing areas such as mines. And the shipyard that mankind invaded nature - which could explain why sometimes even the people in his pictures (Eg workers in those places) with uniforms and moving robots Part of the industrial landscape. <br /> <br /> "Scenery produced", a documentary about Burtynsky's work, has the feeling that "Koyaanisqatsi" very much about it because it blurred us with a kaleidoscope and a variety of styles. In fact, director Jennifer Baichwal and the film maker Peter Mettler captured the essence of the original photos in terms of pure movies. Due to their cameras, Burtynsky recorded and his assistant who photographed at a Chinese dock factory in Bangladesh and a construction site at Three large dam projects in China With the work of the liquid camera, the filmmakers then paired the beauty of Burtynsky's image. In fact, the film was released with the filming of an amazing eight-minute scene of a Chinese factory with hundreds of workers. Wearing similar clothes in a symmetrical line and coordinating with the perfect color. <br /> <br /> The film is not less when Burtynsky talks about the "theme" of his work, which is quite To bring out sounds confusing, contradictory and confusing decisions optimally. But it is a truly aesthetic experience with an emphasis on images and patterns which "Scenes produced" reflect most of the images. In the case of Burtynsky, the picture may have a thousand words.
