I heard that this film is a study of the art of landscape photographers by presenting beauty in distinguishing human natural landscapes. Of course, it shows the activity that requires labor to find a location, take pictures and take pictures completely, which the final destination is art studios around the world. Put together in the animation, it is a truly horrible performance. <br /> <br /> This film is shown by you replacing the frightening images with the soft waves of an excellent industrial soundtrack that will guide you in the moving river. slow Each sequence will stand on its own. But when combined, you will get an overwhelming feeling that is inevitable. There are a few words. This gives the greatness of what is shown in his own way. An enormous factory filled with human automata who live in a hopeless dormitory. People who are dying first while searching for recyclable debris in the mountains of our electronic waste The birth of a giant ship and hand destruction in a giant cemetery The construction of the Three Gorges Dam, which is the largest industrial project in human history and should be available at all times When time passed while the city was dead and ready to be reborn with the modernity that destroyed all the objects of culture, <br /> <br /> The most scary image for me is the dam engineer, explaining that the most important thing. The function of the dam is flood control. This shot moved to the back garden, a spokesman, where you saw the last flood level with poisonous water that eats bark from the tree, showing that there is nothing but the most nasty animals that live in the water. <br /> < br> What is clearly not stated is more effective than Save the Earth's normal sermon. The artist Edward Burtynsky describes a great method. 'Without saying what you should see ?? Many people today are sitting at an uneasy point where you don't have to give up on what we have. But we know that what we are doing is creating deeper problems. It is not right or wrong. It needs a whole new way of thinking. 'The subtlety of this happens in / or the proposal, but the image in the movie claims that the decision was greatly supported by the dark side. > <br /> Although not directly mentioned, in any way, the wave of things you see clears away from your perceptions and you think there is only one possible conclusion? We are doomed. The progress of an endless humanity from our nature left behind the murder that this artist discovered the terrifying beauty. What he really caught was our path. Unlike most movies that have environmental content, this film ends with no claim. It justifies what the point is. But make you confident that we are all equally wrong
