This is a documentary based on the great work of Canadian landscape photographers who are interested in the long-term destruction of human excavations or buildings. It started with a large factory packed with people doing small things, a variety of high-tech equipment. It's not really clear. The important thing is the greatness of the place and the number of people there and the way they shepherd the outside with a small yellow jacket. The film also shows that photographers are working in high structures. To do things for these people outside the factory and talk to his team while he did so This is a world of non-stop industry. At least it was relieved to know that these nonsensical images would not be presented without human voice, as in Nikolaus Geyrhalter's cold documentary about the food industry. 'Our daily bread' 'Manufacturer's scenery' contains images of electronic waste drivers and cities. (Actually many cities) were eliminated by the largest dam ever with the famous trademark image of a little girl in the ruins A bowl that uses a pair of chopsticks is bigger than her. Some of these scenes, scenes that have workers who receive a grateful lower wages in dangerous and poisonous places, may be shot memorable by Sebastião Salgado's leading photographer, but this photographer is not interested in seeing people. Close His orientation made him somewhere between Salgado and Lewis Baltz's cool and modern landscape photos. <br /> <br /> All of this happened in China, of course, even though there were earlier images in the photographer. Black and white around a large shipbuilding facility in Bangladesh It is supported by music in the form of a modern industry that is relaxed and oppressed. There are still many good photographers' work - or some parts created by the film team? It's not clear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the name of the photographer. We see people wandering through the exhibition of his beautiful works - large color prints that look spectacular on the camera that is carefully arranged. The irony is that Burtynsky makes a unique and famous image of the place. Is essentially destroyed and ordinary eyes are discouraged and boring He admitted that he was not in a political position. When we were able to compare his image with the eye-catching image of the movie maker Peter Meteller, Burtynsky's work was almost equivalent to glorification. But he is showing a place for us to see if we look closely to reveal the dark stories of destruction and neglect, no matter how exquisite their photographs are. <br /> <br /> There is Reason But not all luck is Burtynsky, who tells the story of the film's most voice-overs when it covers various sites. Burtynsky's "epiphanies" may have inspired his good work for decades. But they do not have anything other than the fact that we are changing the world irreparably. Depends on the oil that will run out That China has entered a large industrial era at the end of the year and may start with fossil fuel consumption. The interest of 'manufacturer's scenery' will be even greater if there is a new concept. The reason for watching it is two. : To see a glimpse of Burtynsky's work and raw materials, the areas he visited and the beautiful annals; And to see the scenes from the modern Chinese industry that are scary, frightening and frightening. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Due to the limitations of the narrative of the idea of ​​the name It seems to be a misnomer. The new landscape they are But they are a by-product of production rather than "producing" 'scenery of garbage' or 'wasteland scenery' may be a better name There is a lot of room left for this documentary to find more intellectual work in movies about this interesting story. And those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky may be better to read his book or exhibition
