As soon as I knew that Keira Knighteley was in this flick, I said "I have to watch this movie". She is the main character who has no arguments. Domino, the bounty hunter "works" as her scene. "No action" will teach us, reflecting the rebellious, harsh attitude to her life. I have to admit that it was the first time I watched an action movie in which the most important scene was the scene where the gun was located from the character's hand. So this crunches me a little. However, for all of John Woo's fans, there were helicopters falling down, blasting gunfire as if it would cause rain and cute Keira was fired with two machine guns per hand. The actor is definitely superior to Keira, in which the movie is a true tomboy, unlike the cute action that we've seen Mickey Rourke come back, with a strong face and slap. His Christopher Walken makes his work quite good as a reality show producer. <br /> <br /> We go to see the content well: this movie is shaped like a journalist. The scene in the talk show is "disgusting". Actually, anyone who looks at loads of things ... you know what can be said that this is the air you breathe in those situations. As well as the producer when Domino's mother said that the truth should show Domino's life is "junk; There is no fault, "he replied," I don't like the fault. "This movie shows a difficult life. Domino comes from a world that doesn't want her. Ed. (Micky Roark) Bounty hunter "Don't get the favor" Choco (third person of the band) Choco, who is a family (Using Ed's words) "Corrections Institute that he used to be" and Alf, the driver / bomber from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation This group shows how humans are born without wearing shirts. Unfortunately, there is violence and nothing to lose except their miserable life. The preface of the movie says that it is "Inspiration from true stories ... more or less" so I can't tell you how much this truth is. However, in addition to the large number of explosions and weapons (which may be "added" to make the movie look easier and act as an action movie), the story of the character is too realistic to be. "edulcorated" <br /> <br /> The interaction between the characters is varied, well studied and not boring. What didn't make me very convinced was the role of a psychiatrist. (Lucy Liu is conscious of her acting career) It's just the reason that Domino begins to tell her story. (And that is the story) may be just "controversial" in movies that have a lot of "pros" <br /> all <br />: this is not "SWAT", the characters were created; They have unique shapes. They have names and surnames (not just "gambling" and "roads"). It is the case to say that it is a biography of a young woman who lives quickly as a bullet.
