Advance notification: I'm sure someone is accusing me of playing the competition card here. But when I saw an example for this movie, I thought "In the end!" I haven't seen one of the films about popular African dance. (Whether it is popular hip hop dance, breaking or stepping on) which the main character is a black woman I have seen a lot of movies that women who are not blacks who do not know anything about hip-hop come new in the hood and do their mediocre functions (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up) Black women in this movie are almost none. It made me annoyed when considering hip hop. The dance that was influenced by Africans and the break was with a lot of black and latino in these scenes and it was not men. Which always shows up, however, the competition does not make movies, so I want it to have a reliable plot Dance will be fun. And interesting to watch. <br /> <br /> Pros: I like this movie very much that brings Jamaican culture. I do not remember seeing the popular mainstream movies that all the main characters are Jamaican. With a reliable accent And not a stereotype with beanies steppers, family, friends, and even "thugs" are all intelligent and reasonably trying to love, live and survive in the neighborhood they live by doing things Positive Although viewers will be informed that the main character's sister chooses an alternative lifestyle. But still did not make the plot plot I am satisfied with the way it is displayed. I love the pace A bright, romantic relationship between two steppers; The experiment that the parents of the main characters are facing And the way she manages to return to her old neighborhood and deal with crabs in the tank I respect that she is intelligent and active at the same time and many sissy in this movie manage themselves in the world of pace. They are all as good as their friends. I do not see too much in movies today, at least not as black movies. <br /> <br /> Cons: I'm not sure why the director or anyone who combines movies together does this. But I ask if they ever show the actual steps or not Whenever the guards are ready to show some hip hop songs, they will replace the rhythm of the hands / feet in the actual stage. There is a need to be a center for music in addition to entertain. With the crowd in the group And when playing hip hop music, sometimes the rhythm of the song goes out at the pace of the hands and feet of the stepper. It's uncomfortable. I'm very impressed with stepping into the film compared to "Stomp the Yard "(another great step movie) because women have to show their fierceness like men. Swirling, sly and turning some hair and (Deltas?) To pray and a few steps and be cut immediately All that will bring the song out I know that I have to sell the soundtrack. But people in the movie can play music in other parts of the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm not a Keyshia Cole fan, so every time I see you all I always thought that "It was written in the script that she put her hands on her hips all the time when she said?" She looked. I was uncomfortable on the screen. I think they should use a host like Free or Rocsi instead. Deray Davis is a funny person as usual. I also wailed when I found that this movie should be in the slums, such as not going anywhere else. Hollywood as usual However, there are only a handful of people who know beyond reason because neighbors and losers that mainstream movies often do. <br /> <br /> I'll give this movie five stars. But the song that was played killed it for me. I plan to buy it for sure when it comes out and hope that the bonus scene will include the actual stage performance without all the songs.
