In the Canadian film, director Kari Skogland adapted the novel Margaret Lawrence about The Stone Angel Ellen Burstyn, a Haggy Shipley, a proud woman and a madman approaching her nineteen desires. Will live independently until the end Marvin's son has a good meaning. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada and located in the city wearing Managaga. The Stone Angel is a straightforward and simple interpretation of this book, which needs to be read in English classes of high schools in Canada. For almost half a century, <br /> <br /> The name of the film comes from a stone statue built on the grave of Hagar's mother, who acts as a metaphor for Hagar. The UK Cabinet during the busy life of her weakness and Burstyn brings humor to the role. But it is too gratifying to be aware of an ego-driven and self-defeating person who tries to make her become a wealthy father. She has a good meaning. But an alcoholic husband and two sons When she was near the end of the day, she reflected that "Pride is my wilderness and the devil that gives me fear. I am alone. Never have anything else and never be free because I hold my chain within them. Get out of me and bind what I touch. "<br /> <br /> Confrontation with her in the hospital. Hagar looks back at her life and looks for her failed relationship - rather than the narrative. The story begins with the dance she joined as a girl. Aunt Dolly's mentor, she meets her future husband before marriage. Brad Shipley (Cole / Wing Hauser), a poor farmer who is famous in the city, is mad because of his relationship with the Americans. Native population Hagar's boy, played by Christine Horn, who played a key role in her first role Even if Hagar invokes But her relationship with Bram was rejected by a cold and harsh father who refused to attend the wedding. This worsened when he left all of his money to the city of Manawaka, condemning the young lovers for the poor life. <br /> <br /> Through the movement of her marriage and Bramahar withdraw from the activity Social for Preventing rejection from the city's elite When she created two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Seker). She can't deliver the love they want. "Every happiness I may have in my man or my child, or even the morning light," she echoes. "Everyone is forced to stand still with the right nature. Sometimes I never say the truth of my heart?" Like the Hagar Bible that fled to the desert because she could not tolerate her pride, Hagar left Manawaka to live in Ontario. But eventually returning to Shipley Farm <br /> <br /> At present, Hagar runs away at an abandoned house near the sea that she remembers from her childhood to escape from being placed in someone's home. Old by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy) Here, she meets a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who is interested in her and forces her to look and be responsible for the mistakes that happened in her life. Every emotion comes out But never fully developed the character to the point that I felt involved in the outcome of the story, even though the lively performance by Ellen Page as an innocent girlfriend But John's innocence and the last motion scene In the second half of the movie
