I was surprised how much I enjoyed the drama that delivered this idea the most, which, because of the 6.6 rating that wasn't impressive, I almost missed. Since I rarely give the time of day and movies with a score lower than 7/10, I must say that I'm glad I gave Stone Angel the look. So if you are a sensitive person and full of souls and think about the rest of the world in the form of life. <br /> <br /> I must say that in many ways (though not all). Including the style of operation, production model, etc. Stone Angel is very much reminds me of "The Notebook" that is very commendable. I am very surprised that other reviewers have not received many similarities which have made me throughout the film over and over again, so I can assume that those who write comments have not seen the notebook. They may not share Alzheimer's themes. But I can say confidently that if you like "The Notebook", you will find that your participation with the time is absolutely valid for "The Stone Angel", but even if you don't see a notebook or read a book That is based on this movement (Which I didn't do that) You should definitely pay attention - as long as your favorite genre doesn't include fast action thrillers. This is a movie for thinkers and those who want to remember the time that has passed, how life has changed over the years and what might happen in the lives of people when looking through years. <br /> <br / > This strange movie, which has a lower rating and excellent rating, deserves a score of about 8/10. I can blame the current lowest rating of 6.6 / 10 from 11% of the stupid people who gave 1/10 after that. pull Suck less than 300 points while I write this comment. However, if 11% of those who give the lowest possible level are expected to chase cars and bombs, why don't they look ... even a few seconds in movies and promotional programs Oh, that's Love ... No matter how the world comes, don't miss the most precious gem of a movie - but if you have a brain (like * if you have your brain, the top ten will not include Transformers, Fight Club or The Terminator)
