The '77 airport begins when a brand new luxury 747 aircraft is filled with valuable paintings and such that belong to the wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart), who flies them and a number of VIPs to his estate to present them to the public To open as a museum is Stevens daughter Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son also on board. The luxury jetliner launches as planned, but in mid-air the plane is chased up by co-pilot Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his accomplices Banker (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki), who disengage the passengers and crew As they sleep, they plan to steal the precious cargo and land on a remote island on a remote island. But as he makes his descent, Chambers almost bumps into an oil rig in the ocean and loses control of the plane, causing it to crash into the sea, where it sinks to the bottom right in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. With air shortage, water leakage & flying over 200 miles off course, the problems for the survivors are increasing as they wait for quick help with time. <br /> <br /> Also known under the slightly different Tile Airport in 1977, this second sequel to the disaster thriller "Airport" (1970) was staged by Jerry Jameson. Although it's like its predecessors, I can not say that Airport '77 is a kind of forgotten classic that is entertaining, but not necessarily for the right reasons. Of the three airport films I've seen so far, I actually liked this movie the most. It has my favorite plot of the three with a nice mid-air hi-jacking and then the crash (did not he see the rig?) And the sinking of the 747 (maybe the doers tried to cross the original airport with another popular disaster movie The epoch The Poseidon Adventure (1972) & submerged is the place where it will end to the end, with a blatant dilemma facing the prisoners inside, either suffocating when the air runs out, or drowning when the 747 flooded or if any of the doors are open and it is a decent idea that could be made for a great little disaster strip but bad unsympathetic characters, boring dialogues, lethargic set pieces and a real lack of danger or tension or tension mean that this is one While the rather sluggish plot remains entertained for 108 minutes, not much happens, after the plane has sunk, and there is not as much urgency as I would have thought. Even if the navy gets involved, things do not take up so much with a few shots of huge ships and helicopters, but here's just something missing. George Kennedy as daredevil airline worker Joe Patroni is back, but only gets a few scenes and hardly says anything that would prefer to look worried in the background. <br /> <br /> The home video and theater version of Airport '77 will run for 108 minutes while the US TV versions will add an extra hour of footage, including a new intro sequence, more scenes with George Kennedy than Patroni, flashbacks for Characters, longer rescue scenes & the discovery or a few bodies, including the Navigator. I would like to have this extra footage, but I'm not sure I could break through Airport '77 for almost three hours. As expected, the movie had turned out badly with horrible fashions and the choice of the interior. I will not say any more, except the toy airplane model effects are also not great. Along with the other two airport sequels, this has a high priority in the Razzie Hall of Shame, though I think of many worse movies than this one. I think that's a bit tough. Unfortunately, the action scenes are a bit boring, the tempo is slow and there is not much excitement or excitement, which is a pity, as I think this could have been a pretty good movie if done right. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​are fine, if nothing spectacular. The acting is not great, the two-time Oscar winner Jack Lemmon said it was a mistake to play in this star. Oscar winner James Stewart looks old and frail, and Oscar winner Lee Grant looks drunk, while Sir Christopher Lee is. There is not much to do, and there are many other familiar faces to watch out for. Airport '77 is the most catastrophic of the three airport movies, and I liked the ideas behind it, even if they were a bit stupid, but the production and bland direction did not help, and a movie about one Sunken plane should not be so boring or lethargic. Followed by The Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
