When I was little, my parents took me to the theater to see interiors. It was one of many movies I saw with my parents, but this was the only one we came out with. Since then, I had not seen Interiors until recently and could have lived the rest of my life without it. What a presumptuous, ponderous and painfully boring piece of wine and cheese dish of the 70s. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is by far the worst part of his career. In the distinctive style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a dark, angular, subdued insight into the life of a family caused by the psychological damage caused by divorce, alienation, career, love, non-love, bad breath or whatever were. The film has intentionally no comic relief, no music and is drenched by shadowy pathos. This style of film can best be defined as an expressionist nature by using an improvisational dialogue method to forbid a "more profound depth of meaning and truth." But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The movie is painfully slow and boring. But beyond that, I had no connection or sympathy with any of the characters. Instead, I felt only for this parade of shuffling, whining, nicotine-stained martyrs on an eternal quest for identity. In the midst of cosmopolitan prosperity and baked Brie intelligence, history rises like a fart in space. Everyone speaks on the places affected and increases the language between the cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggling", desperate for direction or understanding or whatever, and it just keeps going on and on to the point where you just want to beat everyone. It's never about dissolution, it's just endless introspective gossip. It is nothing but a psychological drama that goes beyond the connectivity of the public. Woody Allen decided to make characters so that they are absorbed in themselves. And that's why I found this movie painfully self-indulgent and mentally exhausting. I understand what he wanted, but his insistence on promoting his message through Prozac prose and distorted film techniques chase them beyond the point of relevance. I highly recommend them if you feel a bit too happy and need something to remind you of death. Otherwise, we just want to pretend that this movie never happened.
