The summer season is here when the selection in the cinemas is limited to the hottest movie of the week, with 99.9% of the screens intended for the screening. OK, maybe I exaggerate with the percentage, but you get my tendency. In addition to things from Hollywood, Bollywood have their own share of eagerly anticipated blockbusters, and from some of the trailers shown, I also have the feeling of seeing them. Tashan was billed as one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was pretty surprised at the low than the low participation in the cinemas. When I saw Jodha Akbar, it was a full house, but it was not for Tashan. After seeing it, I knew why. It was entertaining, but basically weak. Like his literal English title, which means "style," Tashan is all style, but little substance. Not that it does not have the usual star power, but scenes felt compulsive, and some were a bit ridiculous, even for Bollywood standards, I have to say. Which is very surprising as Tashan was led and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which enjoyed it very much. <br /> <br /> On his rookie director's trip with Tashan, while you can not complain about his direction, you're probably scratching your head over what was clunky at best. It tried to push too many things into the story, though there was a merit to questioning the motivations of the characters, but that was a bit too late and only towards the finale, which made one guess earlier in fuller Action that mimics a lot of Thai action film, with Hong Kong's wirework and Hollywood's ridiculous firearms and firearms with no recoil. And to accommodate everything, including the sinks, you have a selection of vehicles, and the one who receives the cake in a Dhoom 2 homage was the jet ski boat in the middle of nowhere. <br /> <br /> At best, Tashan can be enjoyed as an unintentional comedy, due to the way in which the characters accumulate their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center manager who gives English lessons, just as a platform to fetch new girlfriend material. His playboy paths are brushed aside when he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not exactly who she seems to be, the meek and lovable hottie. She hires Jimmy's services for her boss, Gangster Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who is likely to get the most laughs because he has broken English and phrases like an Ah-Beng does. And to complete the quartet, Akshay plays Kumar Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate gangster charged by Bhaiyyaji to chase Jimmy and Pooja as they flee the money stolen from Bahiyyaji's business, traveling with friends who become enemies and enemies that you know become friends when the road trip stops. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most implausible of all, because he's a hero of zero, performing moves that would put Rambo to shame in an instant, which is totally uncharacteristic. Kareena Kapoor reinforces the sex factor by fraudulently treating both men with her charms, and has ample opportunity given the much-vaunted bikini scenes and other costumes that are deep above the knee. Every character has a backstory, and I thought that Akshay Kumar's Bachchan Pandey was probably the best, the most touching, and the funniest of them all, even though his character's gravity-leaping jumps looked like a non-green, unbelievable hulk and power pack punches. His wounds also heal automatically, which impressively embarrasses Wolverine. And best of all, his title song, a damned Alpha man who plays Ra-Ra mode every time he attacks opponents. something that cheers "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For most of the Bollywood films I watch, I'll usually emerge from screenings that hummed a song or two, despite blatant voices. That was not possible for me after Tashan, because unfortunately the songs were simply not catchy. Usually, the song / dance routine fits in well with the plot, without having to bring out the characters from the current scene or location. I enjoy unpacking them and rushing into extreme settings high on a mountain or jagged rocks on the beach. Tashan probably did not take himself too seriously, but came from Vijay Krishna Acharya's story, you probably wanted something more decent than the ridiculous, and the continuity should also be a bit more cautious. Billed as a blockbuster, I can now begin to understand why the crowd has already avoided it. Although Akshay Kumr stole the show, Tashan could have been better overall.
