Tashan - the title itself explains the nature of the film. <br /> <br /> These types of films are actually made for the flop. What a pity that Yash Raj Films produces films that are worthless as C-grade films. Or even some C-grade films have a better and happier story than Tashan. The much hyped and confident promoted Tashan was badly bombed at the box office, which he had certainly earned. <br /> <br /> In my view, this is the worst movie ever made from the banner of the honorable Yash Raj movie. How come that they were such a heavy project for the new Vijay Krishna Acharya, who has no real sense of action-action? He tried to imitate Sanjay Gadhvi in ​​a similar way to Dhoom, but he suffered in the end. The action scenes are more than comics or cartoons that exhaust the audience. <br /> <br /> The story loses its meaning and substance in order to win the hearts of the audience tenderly. In most scenes, Anil Kapoor reminds me of Southern Tamil star Rajnikant in his body language and words. I'm not a fan of Saif or Akshay, but Kareena's award should finally have come to Saif's hand instead of Akshay. Only from the beginning I expected it, but in the end I disliked the truth about the climax. Saif is the main reason for the entire adventure, while Akshay is in the middle of the group. In each film, the finale should be judged on the entire characters throughout the story, and the award or reward should be given to the person who deserves recognition. And Tashan loses this way and unexpectedly failed to become a hit. Akshay's has nothing new to show his comedic talent here, but still reminiscent of his previous films. He must necessarily develop a new image for his fans, which would impress them again and again. In between, Saif did a great job in the race, and now he returned through his movie in its hilarious nature. But he has fully developed in the acting field. And not least about Kareena. She looks very hot with a bikini dress that some complain about when she gets too skinny. But I do not think so, instead she got slim. Yes slim !!! For women, it is a good factor to attract the main characters (or men). Besides them, it is nice that Saif's son Ibrahim appears at the beginning and at the end as a young saif. I hope he too will lean forward to make acting his career. Those who like Tashan are either mentally immature or want to return to childhood or say they want to be admitted into an asylum. Thumbs up for debutant director Vijay Krishna Acharya, who mistreated the project offered by Yash Raj Films. In the future he should experiment and study the script for at least 5 years before going in the practical direction. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry, I do not like to rate good stars for this kind of junk movies.
