Looking at Kareena Kapoor in a two-piece bikini is about the only thing that will wake you up while watching Tashan. the disappointing, stunning new movie this weekend in theaters. Bad movies are bad movies and we see some every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. Terrible, because it takes its audience for granted, terrible, also because the filmmakers assume that they get away without a plot or common sense just because they have big movie stars on board. Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is exactly what you would do Describe as a road movie, but in all wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center manager who is supposed to teach English to Bhaiyyaji - this is Anil Kapoor, who plays an ambitious UP gangster and desperately tries to get cool. Jimmy has his eye on Pooja, the pretty young gangster gangster (played by Kareena Kapoor) who uses Jimmy to cheat on her boss with 25 crore rupees. Determined to reclaim his money and punish both Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruits his most reliable henchman to do the job. So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, the faithful gangster gangster of Kanpur who tracks down the culprits and finds the stolen money hidden in the whole length and breadth of the country. Similar to these bad eighties, Tashan is also held together by Tashan, a worn-out script centered on a vendetta plot. But the treatment is so exaggerated, so forgiving that no connection can be made. Instead of a cohesive script or a traditional three-act structure, you get a handful of set pieces around which most scenes are loosely structured. The shrill item song in the desert, the bullet-elusive action scene in a Rajasthani fortress, Kareeena's bikini moment, even this ridiculous, climactic action scene with Shaolin monks, a water scooter pulling through a filthy Naala, and believe it or not a Dhanno-like horse tongue. In all fairness, not all of these set pieces are done badly - the item song in the desert is actually pretty neat - but in the big picture that does not make much sense, since you can really go from one piece to another without any help from the script. Little is expected in a seemingly rapid road movie to find a refreshingly sentimental review of childhood sweets. You see, the problem with Tashan is that nobody is in touch with this movie and knew which movie they were making. I do not think it means anything to them either - the movie stinks of arrogance. The elements of each genre are packed randomly without stopping to see if the mix works. Tashan is like an overcooked stew. There are films that kill you gently, and then there's Tashan, a movie that kills you with arrogance. Packed with highly polished camera work, exotic locations, and fancy costumes, every image in the movie is likely to cost lakhs, but it still feels like a hollow piece at the end because the story does not last. Borrowing stories from Tarantino and style from Stephen Chow also does not help, as they do not connect with the gossamer action of the film. You could complain a little less if the characters were more engaging, but Anil Kapoor's dialogue makes you want to cut your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan fiddles through the movie and makes a fool of himself not to find his feet. Kareena Kapoor, now queen of exaggerated delivery, is doing a good job. However, if Tashan is saved to some degree, it is, of course, thanks to Akshay Kumar's irresistible presence and spontaneous attitude towards the character. You cringe when he wraps himself repeatedly in the crotch, and gloomy duels when he delivers these dialogues with two meanings, but not for a moment can you avert your eyes from the screen when he's up there. Despite good music by Vishal-Shekhar, the songs seem like they only prolong your misery. Well, that's because Tashan tests your patience. If you do not know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry to say this movie has none.
