Masters of Horror: The Screwfly solution begins when America is infected by an airborne virus that infests the male population, when agitated men indiscriminately kill every sight of a woman in the name of God. The scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) is brought by the government and knows more than most and suspects that the situation has already gone too far. He tells his wife Anne (Kerry Norton) to take her teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) with her. Try to survive as the future of humanity may depend on them ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian-American co-production was Episode 7 of the second season of the Masters of Horrror television series directed by Joe Dante I thought The screwfly solution is pretty bad. Personally, I think the script of Sam Hamm is shitty, it takes too seriously and I do not really understand why it's part of the Masters of Horror series. The horror that awaits the filmmakers in The Screwfly Solution is contained in the story itself & Themes & Ideas brings it to the screen, not on the screen, especially on the viscous ecological message it has set itself the goal quitting our throats whenever there is a chance, during the short 60 minutes of running time that I found myself to be a problem ends up only out of what can easily be interpreted as necessity, rather than a meaningful attempt to sum things up. I was also not satisfied with the contradictions with the story. If men kill only when they are sexually aroused, why does the flight attendant accidentally break that woman's neck on the plane? Was he sexually aroused, I do not believe. Why does every man believe that he kills in the name of God? I just can not see every single guy on earth who suddenly knows the Bible and starts believing in God. I found the idea ridiculous. The show also clearly states that there is nothing religious about what's going to have a divine to murder any woman they see? Then there is the fact that people are attracted to different things. What about gays, for example? Will they kill women instead of women? I know that there is a short scene that makes a joke out of the gay theme, but she's flipping comfortably on one side and then there's the one that bothers me the most. The fact that probably every guy on earth became psycho and killed all women as if nothing had happened. It just felt so stupid, the conspiracy is garbage and in the end there is an end that looks like it's taken from a disapproved episode of The X-Files (1993-2002) with a bright neon alien. <br /> <br /> Director Dante on this show definitely does not qualify as a master of horror, as far as I'm concerned, the story is bad, it's just so stupid considering it's deadly, and Instead of trying to make a real horror show, he's more likely to turn up a thriller with a deadly virus in the loose situation and the ensuing mother and daughter. Because it works, there's very little in the way of what I call effective horror and even horror would call it less gore. There is a scene where a woman is stabbed to death with a broken bottle, a short scene afterwards, when a man stabbed his own groin with that bottle and stabbed another woman in the stomach, but nothing else to write home about could. <br /> <br /> Technically, like the other episodes, it's really good and does not look like a cheap TV show. The special effects are as usual great and well done. Acting is alright, but nobody really stood out. <br /> <br /> The Screwfly solution is by far the worst Masters of Horror episode I've ever seen, but remember that I did not see it all ... yet. As a stand-alone entertainment object, it did not do anything for me & as a show of a so-called Master of Horror, it disappointed me even more.
