Superman II - The Richard Donner Cut should become a fan dream. Finally, footage that could only be seen in photos and scenes that existed only on the printed page would finally come to life. A director who could not complete his vision would have a chance to restore his vision. It seems to be a winning situation. And then you start to look at this compilation of footage, and you realize that this "esoteric dream" is a real nightmare of negligence and incompetence. While it's quite possible that no movie can match the finished perfect version that each of us has envisioned over the years, it would have been really exciting to finally see this project. And it's only a few times. <br /> <br /> You know things are shaky when the first text on the screen looks like a computer graphic at home. But then we see new material (alternative to Superman - The Movie for the study) and the first hesitation disappears. Hey, that's pretty neat! Things are fine for those few fleeting moments until we see material from STM mixed with new effects for this project, and it does not convince. And from that point on, it never stops. It's probably not right to judge a movie for bad visual effects, but if this is supposed to be the direct result of a movie whose slogan is "You Believe A Man Can Fly," it's hard to believe there's anything on screen here will be shown. The best effects come from the original productions. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this new edition. Much does not make sense. The only reason everything really works is because we all saw the Theatrical Version of Superman II, a movie that makes sense. Lester's Superman II fills in the holes in this assembly. This could be partly because Donner did not finish the shoot, the other part could be because the creators of this project wanted to use as little Lester material as possible. What we end up with is a collection of footage that makes Superman IV airtight and coherent. Having seen this, one has the feeling that while Lester was faithful and familiar with Thunder material, Michael Thau and his, the team was extremely disrespectful of everything that Lester filmed. The best scenes in The Thunder Cut are those that were raised relatively intact by the released version of Superman II. This includes the lunar sequence and the diner sequence, not ironically, both were filmed by Donner. But everything else from the movie that Lester filmed is edited so prematurely that Lester now seems like a bastard who knows nothing. While Lester honored the thunder material, Lester is thrown here under the bus. <br /> <br /> Is there anything good in this release? Well, Marlon Brando is in there and that's nice to see. In fact, it's great to watch thunder material as it was all shot at the same time as Superman - The Movie. This only highlights the problems of this version. Each of the main scenes (actually only Lois Jumping and scenes with Marlon Brando) would have served better than completed scenes in an erased scene area. Instead, they become a nonsensical narrative with inferior performances (many alternative settings from well-known scenes are used), sloppy edits and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> Watch the opening scene of the Daily Planet. Why do we look at Jackie Cooper's back as he calls for Lois and Clark? Why does Lois end up in her dark apartment, only to enter Jackie Cooper, who goes into a dark bathroom and turns on the light? I was confused at first because I expected to see Lois. The entire assembly is filled with questionable decisions like this one. <br /> <br /> Battle scenes are also a mess, with no geography between the cuts. It's just a random action. Of course, the big action scenes were filmed by Lester, and his material is used only as a bridge to the next thunder outtakes or alternatives. They should have used more of Lester's footage, but they were probably too proud to admit that. <br /> <br /> The sloppiness also extends to the military rocket. As mentioned earlier, the rocket shown in The Thunder Cut is called "XK 10", while we all know it's the "XK 101"! A blind man in STM knows that! The producers of this gathering, who tried so hard to honor the original film, dropped the ball in less than five minutes, and this mistake points to the quality of the entire production. With all the supposed care taken in this matter, the end product is inevitable. The entire affair would probably be easier to digest if Warner did not make this a separate release here in the States. It is expected that we will pay for a bonus disc with deleted scenes with the option "play all". It's really just worth a visit to finally see the legendary cutscenes, but after that first consideration, I expect it to be an excellent magnet for dust and little else. In my experience, I had new respect for Lester's version. It is by no means perfect, but Lester recognized the shortcomings of the script, which are here with great relief. He has been able to make a film that has been fun for many years and will continue to do so, while this remake will most likely be remembered only as a footnote in film history.
