Ok, so I hear that this new Justin Timberlake movie comes out, which has some pretty big names. I mean great actors like The Freeman, also known as Morgan Freeman, an asset to Hollywood that was completely wasted in this movie. Then we got Kevin Spacey, of whom I was a big fan since seeing American Beauty and The Usual Suspects. Both of these great actors probably signed up for the movie, saying it was a great movie, as I did when I heard the story. Then you enter Justin Timberlake with a new face. I say with a fresh face, because this is his first movie and the rotted tomatoes have not hit him yet. Well, the reason for that, I would add, is that nobody will ever see this movie or even bother to read this review. The movie is so horrible when I got away in the first 15 minutes. The characters were so one-dimensional that some Bible characters look like Don Corleone. They got the one-line deposits and audible stuff. The cursed black guy (LL COOL J), who is with a beautiful woman he does not even listen to in real life. The captain is this little vain guy who speaks in such a high tone. And what a crappy movie would be complete, without the hero is enriched by an experience. Oh, and a lot of gunfire, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NOT !!!) That kind of gunshot leaves every cop dead and the hero coming through. They got flamethrowers and rocket launchers, REally no joke. <br /> <br /> Conclusion, if you want to see Edison because you're a big fan of one of the actors or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, all the 13 year old girls out there, have fun !! I wish I had more hands because then I'd have more thumbs because this movie is so horrible because then I could thumb down so much that thumbs down mean nothing, because this movie is so horrible because it's so bad is that it made me laugh out of frustration at the story because it just would not end because the shooting and screaming just kept happening over and over movies. Well, it could be worst, another terrible RNB actor who became a singer who became a terrible actor. The special feature of this film is that it has over 30-year-old men playing 16 or even younger teens. I could go on with that.
