I thought it was time to let this out here. Pokémon fans are suffering in America these days. Why? Because we rely on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to provide us with our popular series and movies. As far as the series is concerned, they do a pretty good job of putting the fun and magic of the Japanese versions on TV. What's your problem when it comes to movies? Honestly, I saw all three Pokémon movies in Japanese and will definitely see the fourth one. They are excellent films. They are all enjoyable and fun to watch. And after watching Pokémon 2000 in the cinemas, I wonder how these American producers read the Japanese scripts. It looks as if they are reading and seeing something that says, "inserting empty morality here" in bold, bold letters. It definitely seems like that because they used the same wonderful synchronization methods they used for MSB (extreme sarcasm there) and created that crap. <br /> <br /> * possible spoilers from here on * <br /> <br /> Well, I think I should first talk about Pikachu's rescue adventure. My first point of criticism came without a narrative. I think they've received enough bad comments about the Pokédex tale that plagued Pikachu's holiday, and instead of going with a caring, gentle woman's voice, as it appeared in Pikachu no Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they simply cut the tale together. That would have been no problem except for one thing. Has anyone really understood why the Exeggcute Togepi did not let it go to the end? Maybe the fans, but I'm sure not the parents. Then there is the title song. I could not help but roll with those eyes. The Japanese theme song was "Tankentai wo Tsukurou" and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and it was fun. This: disgusting. Well, one of my favorite parts of the short film was the dancing kireihana. Nice music, fun to watch. That changed with the Bellossom. The music was bad for one, but besides, during the music they had all the Pokémon conversations that turned out to be annoying, annoying and just unnecessary. Oh, and then there's the poliwhirl thinking he's a poliwrath. You'd think guys who work with these characters all the time, at least, would learn what they are. Basically, not much could save this little unfortunate dub, which is very unfavorable given its potential. But I have not touched on the worst yet. <br /> <br /> You think I noticed the warning signs when I received my copy of Nintendo Power. For some strange reason, I had some confidence in 4Kids and the WB. My thoughts were "good, they messed up the first movie, but the second one is different on the subject, so they should do it well." With that in mind, I just did not pay attention to the warning signs I saw in the movies when the trailers said, "They'll believe a person can make the difference." With the way they said, I hoped this would not turn into a moral festival, as MSB had done at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, where I see all my fears in the words `The main feature 'The Power of One'. At this point, I became a little bit restless. "The power of a human ?!" Not a good sign. However, I still retained part of my false beliefs. Big mistake. <br /> <br /> When sitting in the theater, I literally had stomach cramps when I saw another movie I loved in Japanese, which turned into complete scrap. I hear comments that say it's better because morality is more subtle. I can see a point in it because they did not look through this thing and repeated it over and over again, as in MSB. However, it has done more damage than anything else in this movie. At first, the legend, read throughout, was changed slightly to read, "The world becomes Ash." Ah hah So Ash is the chosen one? What ever. In the Japanese version, the inhabitants of Arshia needed a Pokémon trainer to perform their traditional ceremony. This time he is the chosen one. A bigger way of doing that was for Lugia. Lugia was one of the coolest characters in a Pokémon movie ... when the movie was ABOUT Lugia. In this case, Lugia has to back up behind Ash. In the scene in which they fly back to the main island, Lugia and Ash discuss the conditions of Lugia's existence, not that Ash will make the difference. Overall, Ash in this category was not the "one person" who would make the difference, as he was helped on the way by many. <br /> <br /> Many of the other things are a kind of nicks. Furura's flute song was far from being as sweet and pleasing as the Japanese. Jirarudan's speech before them that his collection "started with a Mew card"? Pooh. Even worse, Misty's indignation was originally about the attitude of Moltres and Zapdos. `Why did not you give her in Pokéballs when you caught her? This is like showing them to be displayed. Quite different than complaining because he thinks Pokémon needs to be collected like stamps. If there really were any redeeming values, they came from Team Rocket. Some pretty funny lines. Not really to make me laugh aloud, but rather to giggle and relieve the pain in my stomach. Well, that was officially the last American Pokémon movie I'm going to see. I have imported the third and find it very pleasant. I would prefer not to ruin another Japanese movie in the same way as the first two. I will also import the fourth. Forget, Kids WB and 4 Kids. You left me for the last time.
