Hollywood's misguided obsession with sequels has led to more dropouts than hits. For every "Godfather II" there are dozens of "More American Graffiti", "Stayin 'Alives" and "Grease 2's". While the original "Grease" is not a great movie, the 1977 adaptation of the Broadway hit already features songs that recall the 1960s, energetic choreography, and an engaging cast. When Paramount started working on a follow-up, the producers were nearly empty of everything that made the original a blockbuster. Fortunately for moviegoers, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and obviously learned to read scripts before signing contracts. Her talent and beauty were already evident in this, and Pfeiffer seems to express the embarrassing attitude to humble dance routines and voiceless songs to which she is forced. However, Maxwell Caulfield does not even have the ability to express embarrassment, and his emotions range from numb to catatonic. What kind of romantic interest, other than hormones, could the cool, cheeky Pfeiffer have in Caulfield? This boring secret will be remembered long after the ridiculous Luau finale. Only cameos of veterans like Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have a joke, even though Lorna Luft rises a bit above the lame material. Critics have complained about it, because "Grease 2" is always there in comparison to the original, the film is too short. The film, however, even if considered on its own terms, is a clunker. After a frenetic opening number, which has obviously exhausted the entire cast, the energy dissolves. With few exceptions, the original songs have little resemblance to the early 1960s, and the only nostalgia evoked is "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour." The jokes fall flat and the choreography in a film directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is awkward to be polite. However, poorer films have been added to the audience, and inappropriate sequelas are being made as long as the producers are trying to get a quick price by cooling blockbusters. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not even unintentionally funny. Instead, the film holds the viewer's attention like a bad train crash. Just when all the corpses seem to be safe, the next scene crashes into an even worse carnage.
