Well, at least my theater group, Lol. Of course, I remember that I've seen Grease since I was a little girl. Although it has never been my favorite musical or favorite story, it still has a special place in my heart as it is still fun to see. I heard terrible things about Grease 2 and that's why I decided I never saw it, but my friend said it was not that bad and my friend agreed, so I decided to give it a try, but I called her and just laughed. First of all, the plot was completely stolen from the first, and it was not really smart, not to mention that they only used the same characters, but with different names and actors. Tell me, how did the Pink Ladies and T-Birds continue for years after the departure of the former gangs? Not to mention the creative motorcycle enemy, gee, what a striking resemblance to the boys of the first movie and these T-Birds was just stupid and ridiculous. Another year at Rydell and the music and dance have not stopped. But when a new student, Sandy's cousin, comes into the scene, he is met by a pink lady, Stephanie. But she has to stick to the code that only pink ladies have to stay with the T-Birds, so the new student decides to train herself as a T-Bird to win her heart. So he masquerades as a rebellious motorcycle bandit who can drive well and defeat the evil bikers by kicking the T-Bird slightly in the butt. But will he tell Stephanie who he really is, or will she find out for herself? Well, find out for yourself. <br /> <br /> Grease 2 is like a stupid television program of a kind that did not work. The gang did not click as good as the first grease, not to mention that Frenchy came back, was a bit stupid and unbelievable because I thought she had locked Rydell, but apparently she did not. The songs were not really that catchy; I'm glad Michelle was able to recover so quickly, but that's probably because she was the only one with talent in this silly little sequel. I would not really recommend this movie unless you are curious, but I warned you, this is just a pathetic attempt to make more money with the famous musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
