However, given the budget and time constraints of mass production, BATMAN AND ROBIN still earns a place at the bottom of every "cliffhanger" list that lacks the style, fantasy and atmosphere of its 1943 predecessor, BATMAN. <br /> <br /> Producer Sam Katzman, known as the "King of the Quickies", seemed, like his director Spencer Bennett, to pay more attention to speed and efficiency than to the excitement. (Unfortunately, this team also produced the two Superman series with Kirk Alyn, whose flying animation, canned music, and boring supportive players play the main role.) The opening of each chapter offers a taste of what's to come: absolutely unfriendly titles ("Robin ") Save Batman (" Batman vs Wizard "), mechanical music continues to boast, and our two heroes stumble toward the camera, looking confused or having trouble looking through their cheap Halloween masks. Batman's hood with the devil's horns and eagle's beak fits so badly that the stuntman has to adjust them during battle scenes. His "Utility Belt" is a crumpled strip of cloth without a fan, from which he still draws a blowtorch and an oxygen tube in critical moments! <br /> <br /> In any case, the main characters are in vain. Robert Lowery shows as Bruce Wayne little charm or individual flair and makes as a Batman not very dynamic figure. He gives the impression that he would rather be somewhere else! As a Robin, John Duncan has considerable difficulty in dealing with his limited dialogue. He's too old for the role, with an even older stuntman. Out of the costume, Lowery and Duncan are as exciting as tired business people strolling for a drink without recognizing the chemistry between Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft in the 1943 series. Although series were not known For character development, the former BATMAN managed to present a more energetic cast. This provides a group that goes through the movements, not that the filmmakers provide much support. None of the brats is striking and is led by one of the most boring villains of all time, the "magician". (Great name!) Actually, they're led by someone who wears a curtain, a cloth and a sack over his head, in a synchronized voice that sounds desperately threatening. The "prime suspects" - an eccentric professor, a radio station - are just annoying. <br /> <br /> Even the established comic book "Regulars" is superfluous. It's hard to spot a big romance between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne. Despite the dangers she faces, Vicki shows virtually no emotions. Commissioner Gordon is not too bright. Unlike the previous series, Alfred, the butler, is just a walk-on whose main line is "Mr. Wayne's Residence." They are props for a vast, gimmick-laden, incoherent storyline, with uninspired, repetitive music and amateur production design. The Wayne Manor exterior resembles a suburban middle-class house in every sitcom, the interior of a cheap roadside motel. The Batcave is an office that urgently needs renovation. (The costumes are kept in a filing cabinet!) Too bad that the filmmakers could not invest more effort into an exciting adventure. While the availability of the two series on DVD is a plus for any serious "Batfan", you should not be fooled by the excellent pictures on the box. They capture more of the comic's authentic mood than all the 15 chapters of BATMAN AND ROBIN combined. <br /> <br /> Now for the good news - this is not the 1997 version!
