I imagine that scholars and experts from Hitchcock come together. It is not spoken of the great films of the master like "North By Northwest" or "Strangers On A Train", but of a lesser known effort like this one from the year 1931, which is dark and serious, the great director in a young Form presented. Emily and Fred Hill (Joan Barry and Harry Kendall) are a middle-class London couple who are moving forward. He begrudges their lot; she accepts it. Change is in the form of a letter from an uncle who says he will set them up so that they can enjoy life in the world. They make plans for a world cruise. But their problems have only begun. Just ask Richard Hannay, Roger O. Thornhill or Marion Crane. Well, Marion is currently inappropriate, but you have the idea. Travel and Hitchcock go together like moths and candlelight and prepare best for a dangerous journey. This may be Hitchcock's earliest foray into the subject and not his most successful or memorable one. Hitchcock tries to mix the comedy with another element, in this case more of a domestic drama than a suspense, but the two are not connected, at least not here. The hills are a boring, flat couple with no chemistry or personality. When they find themselves in the Folies Bergère, in the form of cross-sections whose material is ten years older than the rest of this film, they are ashamed of the outfits of the female actresses. "The curtain has risen too early!" gasps Emily. "They are not dressed." <br /> <br /> When the hills move apart on an ocean cruise, it seems to be a blessing that kills more than one tragic thing, even though the people they work with are droplets, too. Emily's husband, Gordon (Percy Marmont), carries around photos sitting next to empty chairs. He suggests being filled by Emily. Fred's girl "The Princess" (Betty Amann) has Clara Bow's eyes and Wallace Beery's 5 o'clock shadow. There is also a hideous passenger, a stupid nutcracker that Hitchcock always introduces with a cartoon-like horn cue. Subtlety was yet to come. <br /> <br /> Everything is shot abruptly with confusing blocking and tense dialogue. Hitchcock tries an early comedy with Fred and his umbrella, which does not jump off, and Kendall seems to be aiming for laughter while Berry plays with tears. When Fred and Emily break off, they are hit on a pair of huddled rickshaws, one of many rickety symbolic attempts. Emily is the only vaguely sympathetic figure, in part because she's really interested in her husband and is agonizing about her affair with Gordon, but mostly because she's one of the first of Hitchcock's many magnetic blondes and her platinum wrestling like a Botticelli on board running around the open deck of a Chinese garb near the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> The affair ends with a dangerous situation in which the protagonists deal with the dangerous situation and can probably repair their relationship. Only they are not active participants in the resolution, and apart from the fate of a friendly cat, nothing sounds like the end. <br /> <br /> At least in the early 1930s some beautiful views of London gave you a chance to see Hitchcock while he was still working for the meal. "Rich And Strange" is that Hitchcock pays his contributions and learns his trade, one for scholars, but not for occasional movie goers.
