Flight of Fury launches as General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an unofficial test flight of the X-77, a new stealth fighter jet with the ability to literally become invisible. General Barnes gives his top pilot Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) the job and everything goes well until the X-77 disappears, more literally than Barnes wanted, when Ratcher flies him to northern Afghanistan and delivers to a terrorist group called Black Sunday Led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who intends to use the X-77 to fly undetected into US airspace and release bombs that will kill many people. General Barnes is concerned about the loss of his plane and sends in a unilateral army of John Sands (co-author and Executive Producer Steven Seagal) to get him back and kill all the bad guys ... This American, British and Romanian coproduction was made by Michael Keusch headed. He was the third film in which he shot Seagal after the equally dreadful Shadow Man (2006) & Attack Force (2007). Fortunately, someone decided that the partnership did not materialize Thankfully, the work and an unsuspecting audience did not receive any further collaboration between the two. Obviously, Flight of Fury is an almost verbatim remake scene by scene of Black Thunder (1988) with Michael Dudikoff, in which many of the same characters even use the same name, so that exactly the same dialogue can be used without the makers doing things how names have to change, though I have to admit that I have never seen Black Thunder and therefore can not compare the two. Flight of Fury is a horrible movie, the bad and written waste of time that Seagal specializes in these days. It's boring, even if it's not so slow, the character is poor, it's full of stereotypes, things happen by accident, the plot is bad, the reasons behind the events are not there and it's a very lazy production overall, since it never convinces viewers that they are near Afghanistan or that proper military procedures are followed. The action scenes are lame and there's no real excitement in it, the bad guys are boring like the heroes and it's right here with the worst seagal. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury seems to be largely of stock footage that is not even so well matched, the background can change, people's clothing is changing, the range is changing, the sky and the quality The movie changes very abruptly, as it is only obvious that we see clips from others (better). Spliced ​​films. Hell, Seagal never gets anywhere near a plane. The action scenes consist of shootouts that have been so poorly edited that it's hard to tell who's who and of course Seagal, who breaks people's arms. The entire production feels very cheap and modest. <br /> <br /> The IMDb expects it to have a budget of about $ 12,000,000, which I think is total rubbish. In Afghanistan, a war that looks like the desolate desert areas of Flight of Fury, it was filmed in my native forests, but actually it was filmed in Romania. The Romanian landscape does not convince in Afghanistan. Acting is as horrible as you would expect & Seagal is back in sync. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury is a dreadful action movie that's boring, amateurish and a scene-by-scene remake of another movie anyway. Another really lazy and poorly produced action thriller from Seagal. Why am I disturbing at all?
