Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality himself, this time is the largest stealth pilot in the United States, who is promised a pardon by the military (who tried to capture his memory at the beginning of the movie he escaped from, a band of robbers in a gunfight at a gas station) if he can successfully penetrate into a terrorist base in northern Afghanistan run by a group called Black Sunday, who has commandeered an Air Force stealth fighter thanks to an American traitor. John Sands (Seagal), along with another pilot who admired the traitor Jannick (Mark Bazeley), will fly into enemy territory. He is once supported by his Arab lover Jessica (Ciera Payton) and freedom fighter Rojar (Alki David) They are on the ground. Jannick is kidnapped by followers of Black Sunday, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his executor Eliana (Katie Jones). Sands has to figure out how to not only take command of the abducted stealth fighter, but save him. And maybe Sands can take revenge on his traitor revenge (Steve Toussaint). Sands has 72 hours until a Navy Marine general bombards the area. On the cover, Black Sunday equipped a biochemical bomb, hoping to explode it in the United States. Seagal gets a chance to shoot Afghans if he does not cut his throat with knives. The film consists mainly of machine guns and dead bodies. The situation of Afghanistan does not stand the test (... and also how easily Seagal and Co. can move around the area so unrecognized), and the conspiracy itself is not something to write about. The film is processed quickly, the camera a bit too jerky. Seagal is not as active a hero as he used to be, and his action scenes are severely overworked, and we find it hard to see him defeating his enemies, unlike the good old days. One of Seagal's poorest efforts, and he's as inconspicuous as ever (no compliment). Even more disappointing is the fact that Seagal never fights in the hand to fight with the main villains of the film. That's a shame. He does not even pick up a wrist or break a neck in a visible way (... sure, we see a slight resemblance to a tool being thrown around, but it's not as clear a picture as I like it because the filmmakers like that have fast edits and dizzying close-ups).
