After the appalling assault force, Seagal could only take a step forward with Flight Of Fury. To outwit the Attack Force, there is a lot to do. Overall, Flight Of Fury is a definite improvement, but still in the big mindset, mediocre. Mediocrity seems to be a success for Seagal these days, a sad insight into the demise of his film career. Where Attack Force was a flood of plotting lines that changed drastically from conception through filming to post-production, Flight Of Fury keeps the plot line simple. Someone steals a high-tech stealth fighter and plans to use it to fire chemical weapons (which, weirdly, later, will destroy the whole world in 48 hours). Seagal has to get the plane back. It's so easy, no annoying negotiations and conspiracies that weigh the movie, far too many of his recent works. This is not to say suddenly that storytelling is good, it's pretty poor. The introduction in secondary characters is bad, for example. <br /> <br /> FOF is cinematic. Everyone involved has acted badly, and Seagal is almost bored to tears. He has the look of a toddler who was forced against his will to perform the school crèche, and therefore appears with a constant grimace and a touch of half-casualness. Can we blame Seagal if the material is so ambitious and crude? Not really. This is the final film of the multi-picture deal of his Castel Studio. The producers can not bother to do anything remotely, which promises a budget of about $ 12 million, and (according to Seagal's obligatory $ 5 million) probably a nice, hefty part of it (if the film is for the rest) 7 million), then I'm Elvis Pressley!). So why should Seagal bother with a movie that was distributed before production? Fan may argue, he owes them at least the effort. He looks serious, and the continued use of stand-ins and dub-overs is another indication. Michael Keusch is directing with some efficiency while the cinematography is pretty good, but in all technical areas (and as usual with Castel, a bog standard stunt team), there is nothing but mediocrity and nothing that can help the film bored leading man to rise above his material. Again, there are a few action scenes that focus on characters other than Seagal that we truly do not want to see. <br /> <br /> All in all, the action is not that bad. It's beautiful and violent, and occasionally we're treated to some old evil Seagal punches, but nothing special. This is partly due to a bad stunt crew and the time to film something too complex or exciting. For me, Shadow Man was a more entertaining movie, ignoring the incoherent, jumbled plot line, and focusing more on vintage Seagal moments and more. He never disappeared for a long time during the movie. Seagal disappears bizarrely during an action scene here and then reappears with little explanation. There is much too much material used. Using stick-shots is not a terrible thing, but using it as a crutch is it. We will constantly receive countless shots of naval ships that are getting annoying. In addition, the consistency of the footage is everywhere (just check the wallpapers, hack and change). <br /> <br /> The movie is just in the middle of the street. It says it all out that the best scene in the movie is a totally unnecessary and gratuitous girl for girls with two hot girls. Seagal opens up too! All in all, this may be one of the better movie-based actioners, but that does not say much. This will appeal to many fans, but they should keep in mind that Seagal himself probably wants to forget about this existence. **
