It was said, "A city on a hill can not hide" and Virginia City, Nevada, perched on the side of the mountain. Davidson at 6200 meters west of Tahoe is a prime example or should be related to the movie. Virginia City exploded in the American Dream as gold and silver rain. Suspicious in the same year in which the civil war began. It was the birthplace of the Dean of American Letters; There began a young reporter named Samuel Clemens named "Mark Twain" and became the most famous American writer in America. It was also the birthplace of the great Hearst fortune and the launch site of John Mackay, who became the richest man in America, the third richest man in the world. Hey, they should have made the movie about him! In the 1860s, Virginia City was THE boomtown of all boomtowns, home to the great Bonanza, which was once the largest "metropolitan area" west of St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (the movie) misses all that and is more of a Hogwash duel between North and South between the characters of Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, a union officer who is a POW in a concentration camp run by a mean Confederate commander named Captain Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two are always in the way. Bradford escapes and then tries to prevent a cargo of gold bullion from VCs being hauled by others as "out of the game". , , Irby! "Hey, what's he doing here?" Dreadful. Bogart plays a ridiculous Mexican bandit who can not decide which side he is on. Miriam Hopkins plays a sinister character called "Julia Hayne", obviously a historic lunge with the city's First Lady, Julia Bulette, who is actually a famous prostitute. She goes to Washington and talks to Honest Abe about keeping BRADFORD (not Irby) from hanging up and blah blah blah. Imagine that. You should have hung up the writer. In "Real Life," Twain reports that the setting sun on the last day of the war, the American flag on the Mt. Davidson to give the baffled residents the appearance as if he had strangely caught fire, somehow like the movie. Three days later, they discovered that the South capitulated on that day. An interesting feature in the film is how the pals Alan Hale and Guin Williams shoot their guns forward as they fire, as when fishing or trying to make the balls faster. Not a bad idea for the movie. The same kind of stupidity is foamed over juice and corn throughout the movie. Gosh, how could they miss the gold madness, spurn the riches, leave the truce in the silver mines, Mark Twain the city and be beaten up after a showdown, the crooked railroad, the opera house fire, Artemis Ward, Bulette's huge funeral, the Chinese pincers, the black saloons, the auction. , ? Everything high on a mountain, surrounded by desert? The truth was unreal. Has the fabulous wealth actually sparked the great American Holocaust? If you count this movie, it would not be the first debacle that came from Virginia City. It is a disappointment for the fans of Virginia City because she misses what has made the city into a "city of illusions" saying that evil oozes out of the ground. , , Okay, otherwise it's a funny movie. Flynn and the gang are always great no matter what story they destroy. If Flynn only played his corrupted I, I would double my score.
