Totally ridiculous. If you know something about poker, you'll find it terrible, but also entertaining, because it's so unaware. The nerd who made this movie is obviously very religious and knows something about poker, but I doubt he ever played 3-6. (I do not think he knows anything about golf either.) Where should I start? I've seen better productions in the intro to film class that I attended in the first year of film school. The actors featured in this film are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen and the loser who can never win poker. Everyone else is as wooden as they come, like bad porn actors. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * The man with whom the film begins in the opening sequence is the only reason the film was made. He is a railbird who does not play poker and never has a dialogue line, but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the movie. I can not imagine a more useless waste of money than this man who campaigns for this pointless production. It's fitting that he had such a useless role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this film. Most of the time is spent with useless minor characters whose conspiracies are not in the least dissolved. Queen Momma has a show-stealing scene in which she throws her loser friend through a window and tries to eject his brain. Even the nameless Arabs in the convenience store offer brilliant performances as they debate whether to beat up or kill an elderly lady who robs them. Her subtle performances are easily among the highlights of the film. They wonder why they bothered to make all these white people play the lead role. <br /> <br /> Finally complete nonsense. Plan 9 from space has a little more coherence. But if you play poker, you might want to have a laugh. Even if you're a Christian, you can enjoy some of the heartfelt religious conversations that spice the movie like pointless pepper. I hate films by religious people. Especially those who believe they know something about things they know nothing about. It is sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen were involved in this travesty, as I can not help but think about them. You must be jealous of Johnny Chan to come to Rounders.
