Let's get into the world of this movie for a moment, so you can better understand the kind of movie we are dealing with here. Edison is one of the really stupid movies in which the villain and his idiots have it. I let go of 50,000 bullets that shot at the good behind walls and pillars, shouting at them and finally good for face-to-face and instead of killing him. .. instead of killing this guy who caused you SO MUCH mourning ... instead of just going and POP! ..... What do you do? The evil ... he talks to him. He grabs the good guys and talks to him while holding his weapon. You have nothing to tell! SHAKE HIM! Shoot him now! But he talks to him anyway. Oh one more thing. In the end, a newspaper says "PULITZER PRIZE WINNER STORY HERE" or something high on a front page of a newspaper, if it is as if the story were printed for the first time. So, how did someone win a Pulitzer so quickly? Yes, do you know these stupid movies? Yes, that's Edison in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> You get Mr. Cool Morgan Freeman and the dodgy, tough Kevin Spacey, both of them fully in their roles, LL Cool J, literally every single moment of the movie, while his girlfriend is in a fucking nightclub to suggest, and from whom the last line "Duck" comes from, was something like a deadly gun movie that was never made ... and Justin Timberlake whines and spits every time he talks, little dirty bastard The only bright spot was a crazy one Dylan McDermott, who made his best "Denzel from Training Day" impression, which was quite entertaining. Oh yes, what's the movie about? Something about scandals around the city of Edison's fictional special police force called "FRAT" (I swear I'm not doing this stuff), which should be an obvious SWAT game. Anyway, the little journalistic supersinger boy Justin Timberflake smells something After a murder involving two covert FRAT cops he set out to look for a story, gaining the confidence of his boss (Freeman) while both discover something bigger and sinister than they both thought. bla bla It's like a bootleg pelican panty and a half-day workout. The pace was slow and slow, the script was awful and the acting was extremely uninspired. It jumped everywhere, without going anywhere. People come in comas and you forget them Everyone in this movie just did not THINK. Damn, what a stupid movie. It's getting harder and harder to write any kind of criticism because the movie left my mind when it ended ... No lie Basically d o Do not waste time!
