Soldier Blue is a movie with claims. Claims to be a profound statement about the inhumanity of man towards man, about the exploitation and brutality of whites by indigenous peoples; a biting, unyielding and sardonic commentary on the horrors of Vietnam. I'm sorry, but it fails miserably to be one of those things. What Soldier Blue actually is is ruinous, banal, badly made, dishonest garbage. <br /> <br /> Another reviewer here hits the nail on the head, saying it's a mix of two completely different films. What it is basically is a lame, clichéd, badly traded "odd couple" romance - Strauss and Bergen overcome their prejudices against the other's lifestyle and fall in love (ah, bless) - mesmerized by two sickening massacres that have not broken out In a Lucio Fulci Splatter movie, it's no excuse for the repulsive, spasmodic, greedy climax in which cute little American kids are shot in various ways, torn to pieces, dismembered and impaled in love and graphic close-up, and big-bred Native Americans are molested, raped and strung - no excuse, that is, except at the box office. (The massacre itself is repugnant in its misplaced intent, but it is very poorly staged and shot, with a bunch of actors lying around in bright red paint splintering with some special effect sequences of decapitation / dismemberment, by the way - that's what I used Well, that's what I call exploitation.) <br /> <br /> Forget all the papers you've heard (including the ridiculous comments that start and end the movie) that this is a "protest "is," a charge of American brutality against the natives.This film does not say anything about the plight of the Cheyenne, and if that had happened, it would have shown some characters with indigenous American characters that would have led us to the nameless, faceless innocent who got slaughtered at the peak, get to know and be interested in. Instead, we get the dum me white bread romance of Bergen and Strauss (at least with these lousy actors), with lots of blood, guts and severed heads to attract the curious. <br /> <br /> is a terrible shame, because there's a movie about the Sand Creek massacre, about all the real massacres that the US (and Britain and all so-called "civilized" nations) suffered over the centuries have participated (Iraq)?). That's just not the movie.
