You must pass this action on to any would-be filmmaker arriving at the bus station in Hollywood. Then they fill in the gaps and write their story in the city or ghetto they just came from. You know exactly what this film is about, from the opening shot. Four little boys play in granular slow motion and are accompanied by a spoken narrative. The next stop after the bus station must be to buy stock footage of four boys playing in grainy slow motion. Once they've grown, it's easy to spot the writer / director among the four. He is the calm, thoughtful, long-haired man who is never seen in his pants without his composition book. This means his excellent writing talent is his ticket from Hickville to Hollywood. Only here is no writing or directorial talent to see. And if you still can not figure out who he is, here's a clue: The author and his character have the same middle name. It took more than an hour to find out that these twenty men were still in high school. What looked like a prison was apparently a high school, the director turned out to be a director. Once again, the poor, misunderstood rebel can throw everyone in the movie into the pavement, the murder and the plunder, but is unable to defy his alcoholic father. How about fighting back, boy, how do you all the others? Numerous fistfight scenes for no apparent purpose. Howling bad dialogue. Many scenes are out of focus. Comic characters repeatedly appear as little players and extras and draw unintentional laughter from the first audience. Excess in the extreme. And if you do not fully understand the self-important speeches or the slow-motion scenes, just listen to the presumptuous music. It will give you clues and what you should feel. Poor Marisa Ryan has to earn a lot of frequent flyers as she travels the country to work in these regional amateur films. The biggest sin is that the public should feel sympathy for children who knock down old ladies, run over puppies chained to a tree, rob and steal, complaining about their sad, sad life. But if only we could get out of this trendy city and go to college. Yes, that's the ticket. Why does any filmmaker believe that his life so far is so important and interesting that the world can not wait to see it on screen? If this film is as autobiographical as it seems, the author should be on the lookout for police officers who have fleeting arrest warrants.
