When Sam Peckinpah's superlative THE WILD BUNCH (1969) opened the door to a scandalous staging of ultra-violent film sequences, he did so with a talented (albeit whiskey-marinated) hand that ran the camera and had a captivating storyline with characters However, within a very short time there were a lot of imitators far removed from the benchmark set by Peckinpah's epic, and SOLDIER BLUE definitely falls into that category. SOLDIER BLEW, er, BLUE tells the story of Foul New York-based Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen) is a blonde proto-hippie woman who was "rescued" under the Cheyenne two years ago and is now sent to a fort where she will be united only with the fiancée wants to marry for his money. On board the car she travels there is also a cargo of government gold that the Cheyenne must use to buy weapons, and soon the soldiers are wiped out, and Cresta flees into the hills, accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss) sole survivor Cavalryman. Cresta calls Gant nicknamed "Soldier Blue," demonstrating that her years among the "savages" were a time when Gant was surpassed in survival skills, common sense, and pure balls, and on her journey toward the Fort against which they have to endure the elements, a gang of hostile Kiowa, an unscrupulous trader? played by Donald Pleasance, here with one of his most ridiculous performances, and that says something? and, in the tradition of many previous romantic comedies from the West, each other. <br /> <br /> In the course of their mishaps, the two opposites are inevitable? and predictable? attracted and finally got in the end? while Gant has a freshly treated gunshot wound that went neatly through his leg, no less? in the certainly convenient cave for a radius of at least 12 miles that does not know with rattlesnakes, mountain lions or who knows what not to say, not to mention the Cheyenne, who could have done something really spectacular with such a primo apartment (go there I go back and think again in NYC real estate terms). <br /> <br /> When Cresta realizes that her love could never thrive outside the cave, she leaves Gant and makes it alone to the fortress, only to discover that the responsible idiot can not spare a few men save Gant; The regiment needs all the available personnel to attack the nearby Cheyenne village, and when Cresta gets wind of it, she slips past her disgustingly horny husband and heads to the Cheyenne to warn her. <br /> <br /> What happened next, which shame the movie; it turns out that all these crazy mishaps and quarrels were merely an introduction to a vile reenactment of the Sand Creek massacre of 1864, an orgy of rape, torture, and general sadistic evil committed in the name of "keeping the land clean." , and nearly forty years after its publication, this sequence disturbs and disgusts because of its sheer cruelty. Children are trampled under the hooves of horses or impaled on bayonets, unarmed humans are beheaded ?? a nice effect I have to admit? Women are stripped of gang of slavish beasts, raped and mutilated? In a really offending case, a naked native woman goes out of her way to fight, so her rapist decides to cut off her breasts, which fortunately we only see before the camera starts, before the camera moves to record another heinous act. Dozens of innocent people are shot and dismembered, their compositions are skewered on pike and swung around in a victorious celebration or kept as the scariest keepsakes. No joke, this scene would instantly bring in an NC-17 rating if it was released today, not to mention NPCs were made to commit themselves on the street in an incredibly exploitative way, in which the atrocities are presented. </ Br> I'm for Westerners who are not scared of honest portrayals of how the West was won or stolen when the truth is told, but this movie has no idea what kind of movie it wants to be. For a minute it's a pseudo-hippy lecture on how the indigenous treatment has been totally improved (well, DUH!), Then it's a carefree battle of sex farce, in which Cresta gets five times stronger turns out to be like the man Gant and manages to look hot in her delicious red kattuno poncho (without underwear), but that all comes out the window when Donald Pleasance shows up with an unwanted (?) funny pair of buck-tooth dentures and ours Heroes must find out how to escape from his murderous catches in an underworld that leads nowhere, and all of this culminates in the mentioned apocalyptic climax. Each of these tacks would have been fine for a coherent film, but the end result is a slapdash jumble that has outweighed the horrors of the past ten minutes for everything they deserved for the film's promotion and poster images. <br /> <br /> But by trying to be all things to everything, SOLDY BLUE becomes an incoherent, preaching Mulligan stew of presumably well-intentioned political correctness, but if he tells the story of the sand, Creek Massacre, Would not it have been a good idea to have some Indian characters who were more than just companions and Murphy Brown was their mouthpiece? We know absolutely nothing about the people who are being exterminated just to be a seemingly gross jerk who tempts enthusiastic moviegoers to see "the wildest movie in history". If you were like me fascinated by the provocative ads and reviews that praise almost endlessly, because they dare to say it as it was? Take my word and slowly turn SOLDIER BLUE into cinematic darkness.
