The documentary centers on Eva Mozes Kor, a Holocaust survivor who is part of Mengele's twin attempts. It consists mainly of their version of the events in Auschwitz and a comparison of the emotions of the other survivors of the twin experiments. The movie obviously had great reviews. It's one of those topics nobody dares to say otherwise. <br /> <br /> I, too, was drawn into the emotion for much of the film, which the filmmaker so obviously wanted the viewer to focus on. In one of the IMDb reviews by Eric Monder (who apparently had nothing critical to say in a public forum on this topic) only the sweetest nectar could be found. In one of the many dramatic sequences, while a group of Jews argue with Kor in a Jewish center, the meaning of the word "forgiving" is even debated, but the isolated and supernumerary Kor asserts that this is his own the film had on my dormant emotional repertoire, had loosened so much that I could clearly see again.After the "strong-willed" Eva Kor forgives her "Nazi kidnappers," the film begins to explore what it's all about forgiving, At least from Kor's perspective, the film follows her, past her public statement forgiving the Nazis, and into new territory, for me it was the flesh of the film, surrounded by the inedible fat of her "act of forgiveness." Obviously, it was a very sick cow On a mission to test her theory of forgiveness to heal the wounds of the past, she makes her way to the Promised Land to meet her To meet some Arabs to discuss with them the problems they are facing and to see if the dialogue can not lead to a better understanding of the situation and strongly with debates and discussions with the Jews in the US including her act of forgiving the Nazis, including a Jewish center in Chicago. Anyone who is not so tears in his eyes that he can not see the screen will find it hard to overlook the apparent contradiction in his statements. First you notice his body language defensive and unwilling to listen in a room full of Arabian scholars and teachers. Her remarks about how she feared she might be abducted show how much time, effort, and money was wasted on the whole act. A rather angry Dr. Sami Advan (professor of education at Bethlehem University) got it right when he educated Kor on a statement telling her how she would rather sleep in her apartment. <br /> <br /> Finally, a debate in the Jewish center in Chicago, where she is "grilled" about the importance of forgiveness and its right to it, in the wake of those who continue to suffer from the trauma of the deeds. <br /> <br /> I will go hunting. At the end of the movie, I hoped I did not opt ​​for the movie. The film was badly made, and he did not succeed in exploring anything else about Auschwitz, save for the trivial, just to make sure that the Holocaust is refreshed in the minds of the audience and that a stream of tears is released. It turned out that Kor, the theme of the documentary, could not have a fair discussion. Their discussion skills were limited to parrying their attitude to forgiveness (at best) to a total dislike of listening or participating. <br /> <br /> Finally, everyone is so reticent today that they can not notice the difference between peace and forgive. Another IMDb user quoted: "I do not consider her forgiveness to be weak - on the contrary, she just wanted to take her hold off her soul, she wanted the suffering to be over, so she let go of it. " That would be the perfect definition of a layman for MAKING PEACE. In a world of propaganda, blind faith and political correctness, I think there is no room to question those who have "more than gone through the human being." Spirit can fathom ". <br /> <br /> PS Das Dictionary should definitely be included in any book-to-buy list created by anyone.
