LL Cool J did a lot better in this movie than I expected! He did a fantastic job acting as a "Renegade" policeman in a "Renegade" department. Right from the start, he does a great job of building audience empathy for his character and the predicament he is in. He is a kind of "gentle giant" - a person whose rough exterior can scare anyone but whose heart is clear in itself. From the beginning the right place - and he does an excellent job. He was clearly the best character of the movie. <br /> <br /> This was certainly a feat that does not reward Morgan Freeman with prizes. After starring in powerhouse films like the Shawshank Redemption, this movie was certainly a step backwards. His role in Edison simply did not allow him to show his true talents as an actor - and in terms of the conglomerate of characters he sadly stood on the edge. There are as many possibilities as his character (Moses Ashford) could have played a more important role. That he was not disappointing and was a real disappointment. I was hoping to see more of him in this movie. Timberlake should have stayed in the music industry. His portrayal of a young journalist was bad and unyielding. This movie is a typical action film that (at least initially) has something to do with corrupt police matters that LA has experienced in the past. Since this is an action movie, he has a high proportion of shoot-em-up scenes, blood and courage. These scenes are usually unrealistic and painfully predictable. If you look at the beginning of the movie, there is little tension in what happens in the end - think of what you would normally expect in a conflict between good policemen and bad policemen - and it bears little resemblance to a REAL police shooting-out , <br /> <br /> The most annoying thing was the behavior of Timberlake's character during shoot-out scenes. He has weapons and does not use them. When he finally uses one, he fires it off as if he had fired a gun all his life. Then he has no more bullets and has no weapon - and 30 seconds later, without moving or anything - suddenly two more fully loaded guns AND extra ammo ?! Small mistakes like this have really ruined the movie. <br /> <br /> If you're looking for a seemingly fictional act in a fantasy world where everything is fine, you'll probably love this movie. Personally, I do not care what kind of a movie the movie is, as long as it's realistic. Let me believe that the story is true. This story was so obviously fictitious in so many aspects that I felt dissatisfied.
