Spoiler <br /> <br /> Wow, END OF THE WORLD is a unique cinematic experience. <br /> <br /> Here is the whole story: A scientist receives news from space (a la Independence Day). The news says that something like a catastrophic disaster will happen, and the scientist later hears on the radio that a big earthquake has just happened in China. He thinks the news has something to do with the catastrophes around the world. He tries to find out who receives the messages (and who also sends out messages in space). He and his wife eventually find out that the messages come from a monastery. They visit it. Everything looks normal, including the priest played by a bored Christopher Lee. But the scientist is adamant and really believes that the messages come from this monastery and go there. So he and his wife secretly go back to the monastery, where they are sniffed by the aliens and caught dressed as priests and nuns. They are held against their will, and the alien Lee plays forces the scientist to get something he needs to return to his or her planet. Once the aliens have received the special element, the aliens leave all on their home planet in a way like a sticky-looking transporter platform. Lee, who is left as the last alien, tells the couple that the earth is being destroyed by a kind of hokey decision by the aliens. Lee gets into the van and he left. The couple looks at the monitors showing stick shots of natural disasters around the world and decides to follow the aliens. With the earth doomed to fail, the couple sees no reason to stay behind, so they go into the van and disappear. The final shot of the film is a paper mache Planet Earth that is exploding. The end. <br /> <br /> That's it. <br /> <br /> I have never seen such a boring movie in my life. It's the most impressive movie I've ever experienced. The scientist and his wife are two of the worst heroes or protagonists ever shown on screen. They are not interested in anything. They see the earth catastrophes on the monitors and decide, "What the hell, who needs the earth at all?" They do not even try to stop them or do anything to make things better. This kind of story could have worked if the movie had had an overwhelming sense of sinking to everything, but the action and atmosphere are nonexistent. The actors and the people behind this boring film take their steps so far that you can almost feel them beat their cards when they get off and return to work. I did not expect much from this movie because it's a Charles band production, but I did not expect it to be that bad. Christopher Lee was once asked what his worst movie he ever did was and he mentioned STARSHIP INVASIONS. I'm sorry, Chris, but STARSHIP INVASIONS was really fun. STARSHIP INVASIONS is awful but terribly entertaining. END OF THE WORLD IS MUCH, MUCH, MUCH worse: it's more than boring and sluggish, with no entertainment value.
