Although I had no earthly idea what to expect from this film, this was not at all what I had imagined, and it came to me at all. After I found out about his existence, all I knew was that I had to own a movie called Please Do not Eat The Babies. Unfortunately, I could only find a copy under the alternate title Island Fury. Looking back, I could say that this is a situation where you can lose. On the one hand, I'm still not being labeled as the guy who owns a movie titled "Please do not eat, the babies," and on the other hand, Iceland Fury would eventually prove to be terrible, pointless, and boring. unbeatable piece of garbage. Yes, definitely lose-lose. <br /> <br /> I'm not even sure which genre they choose. Only in the early 80's, with a flashback that may be longer than the non-flashback. First, two teenage girls are chased by two bad guys who got caught once. The bad guys point out that one of the girls has a coin on a string, around their neck and somehow these bad guys have a lot more of those coins hiding somewhere on an island. And here things start to get weird. Somehow these guys know about a trip the girls took to an island some years ago, when they were only 10 years old. I think that means the girls should know exactly where this alleged treasure is. So we're in the past, while the girls are trying to trace their steps so these bad guys will not kill them, though I would not mind if they did. In the flashback, the ten-year-old colleagues are on a boat trip with their sisters and their friends, finally stopping on an island for a bit of air and mingling with a child and his grandparents. Any excitement or reason for looking forward never appears, but the flashback was undeniably better than the present, which still does not say much. <br /> <br /> I had forgotten for a while At some point in time, I thought the director might have done it too, and when the flashback was over, that would be the end of what would have worked for me if you did Considering that this disappointment would have been half an hour shorter. This pointless movie ends up in a pointless movie and real stuff happens, but it's stupid. I suppose I did not expect a movie involving babies or anything like that, but I was expecting some form of crazy B-entertainment, mostly just a confusing, incompetent storyline that is not sure of its genre. My advice would be to look for something valuable like Attack Of The Beast Creatures. If anyone, I would recommend this only serious B-movie collectors, who must have all, any other interested will probably have a brain damage. What really appeals to me is that I still have no idea why they called it. Please do not eat the babies. 3.10
