I hate to sound like an "old person", but honestly I have not seen too many movies I did after 1960. In general, movies always seem to get worse (though I've really enjoyed the Scott Baio vehicle "The Bread, My Sweet", with the exception of the sex scene "de rigeur", which makes this movie NOTHING valuable). In this film, the mother, a former Las Vegas choreographer, seems unable to survive on her own, although she is clearly in her fifties (though she's hinted to be in her 40s). I did not buy it. I'm 57 and like all the women I know in their 50s and 40s, more than able to survive on their own (as I've done since graduating from high school at age 13, I was legally emancipated and started my own life journey.) <br /> <br /> The daughter does not believe in her professional role ... She gets a promotion she does not deserve (a great opportunity), and she also drops the ball, but when another coworker gets up Teller and is ready to deliver, the writers shoot her down as an "opportunist" if she did just what any career-oriented person would do - she took advantage of a wide-open opportunity created by the lack of discipline of her colleague, a girl, the apparently does not understand the concept of keeping their promises (in this case, to their boss). <br /> <br /> The daughter reluctantly allows her mother to stay with her, but then treats her mother (the woman who gave her life and raised her to adulthood) like a pariah. Apparently, the "gonorrhea" of this species does not understand that it is not "commonplace" for parents to act like children and then be treated as children by their children. This is just the social "nonsense" Hollywood keeps trying to squeeze our throats as if we, our audience, were stupid because we wanted to be entertained by their creative offerings. <br /> <br /> This is sad movie with a stupid ending. If the young male restaurant owner had been a true TV personality rather than a two-dimensional character, he would have stayed with the MOTHER, who was not much older than him and quite attractive. But in the end he "falls" on the daughter, a shallow, rather uninteresting girl who has that cuteness of youth, but in an ordinary, mild manner. (The "opportunistic" young woman who worked with this nothingness was physically more attractive.) There was no credible reason to explain to the audience why the restaurant owner prefers the daughter (the one daughter of crazy, selfish, selfish, who treated her mother with unbelievable disrespect - towards the mother - a woman who was good-natured, good-natured and humorous and had a zest for life that the daughter could not even grasp.Of course, the mother had her own weaknesses ... she had to die Her husband's reaction was to drink for a year or two into a stupor that was said to have created the gap between her and her greasy daughter. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the way the characters evolved were or were, this is a nonsense movie and a waste of your valuable viewing time, unless you really like nonsense. (Where is de Mustard?)
