If a film in a book seems pointless and incomprehensible, the cause can be found invariably in the book: Either it was useless to start with that, or the point is that you can not convey the movie so easily or the movie misses the point The most common of these results is the easiest to achieve, especially if the point can not be clearly defined. The book "Morvern Callar" has a point; Every reader of the book must have felt that and felt he had gotten it; but I suspect most of them could not express it in words. I'm not sure I can, but maybe it comes down to something like that: things come, things go, that's life, but we keep going; or at least some of us - people like Morvern -. Undoubtedly, a more scholarly critic could make a more appropriate definition. But the important fact is that there is one point - possibly the sum of the entire story is the point - and that this would have been the main thing to keep an eye on and help to adapt the story to the movie. The creator of this film has obviously missed the point and does not replace any of her own; and so it goes in the movie for nothing. <br /> <br /> This is not the usual complaint of a book lover that his favorite text was violated. The merit of the book is something I reluctantly admitted: reading it was a bloody nuisance and an opportunity to kick the author in the pants and get him to do the job properly. The narrative is said to be the work of the half-formed Morvern, but this illusion is constantly eliminated by a dozen different kinds of literary action, as if the author were to nudge them with his pen; There are inconsistencies in style and tone, as if different sections had been composed at different times. and all the conclusions I could draw on Morvern had to remain tentative, since it was not clear what implications the author intended and what he did not do: for example, despite Morven's own characterization as a razor, I am essentially a Scottish one at the end Working-class girls, and under their packaging of music downloads that are not that different from the generations of the past? Despite my irritation over the author, I could not deny that his book was with me; And what I could not get out of my head was the attitude of his character, her perspective on the world that was almost as alive as a Goya portrait. Morvern is a person who always encounters strange and terrible situations; occasionally she invites them, but they land on her more often than flies, so much of her life is a kind of gauze, but gracefully permeated, unconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical - and that does not begin to make her peculiar enough , The complex of events and answers of Morvern on it is the substance of the book and its achievement. If you expose a cross section of existence, it would be difficult to illuminate something else. Despite my distaste for the book, I can see that. <br /> <br /> The Morvern just described is not the Morvern of the movie; If so, most of it is kept off screen. Angharad Rees from the old TV series "Poldark" is an actress who might fit the character if she was the right age at the right time. So Samantha Morton would look like a good casting: she's more of the same kind of actress, and in one of her previous films, "Jesus' Son," she played a girl who could have made a few adjustments to the movie. Unfortunately, as it turns out, the movie does not play the character from the book. On the one hand, the book is one that, if it is to be dramatized, almost screams at the audience for monologues of the main character; Without her comments, her perspective, her voice, history loses most of its meaning. It has lost more of it as the adapter has taken it out of its weird and horrible elements: the most memorable incidents in the book are restricted before they become grotesque, and so Morvern's responses (either mood or dislike, whimsy ). are missing too and the incidents have no reason to be in history. In short, the filmmaker chose, for some reason, to turn a vivacious, nervous serio-comic novel into a distinguished art television film, choosing as a typical image one of Mrs. Morton languishing in artistically shadowed melancholy; as if the trip Morvern signed up for was a tour of the Stations of the Cross. This is not at all what the book or the Morvern's book was about. For another thing, the film's morens are not Scottish (the actress said in an interview she did not have time to study the accent), and she should be: it's important that she, her family, and her mates are all from a single place. And finally, the film lacks the end of the story: Morvern spends everything he has and comes home in icy darkness: It's winter, the dam is frozen, the power is out, and the pub is dark. Apart from that, and without the rest, there is a failed art film, a dead movie, about a topic whose strength lay precisely in its refusal or born inability to ever be dead.
