After watching a dozen episodes, I decided to quit this show because it unrealistically illustrates what mathematical modeling is. In the episodes in which Charlie would predict the future behavior of individuals using mathematical models, I thought my job would be fun. I'm not a mathematician but a chemical engineer, but I work a lot with mathematical models. So I will try to explain to the layman why what is shown comes close to the fairy tale. <br /> <br /> First, selecting the right model to predict a situation is a challenging task. Charlie Eppes is a genius, but even he would spend a lot of time looking for a suitable model, especially to guess what someone is going to do or where he will be in the near future. Individuals are unpredictable and random, there is no modeling for them. Isaac Asimov wrote about it even in the fifties. Even if there was a model for a particular type of individual, it would be a probabilistic (stoichastic) model, meaning that it has a good chance of making a wrong prediction. Secondly, assuming the right model for someone or if a situation is found, the model parameters must be known. These parameters are the constants of equations such as gravitational acceleration (9.8 m / s2) and are often not easy to determine. Even Charlie Eppes would have to be a man who is not brilliant to know the right parameters for the model he chooses. And after the model and parameters have been selected, they would need to be tested. Oddly enough, they are not and by a miracle they fit the predicted situation exactly. Third, a very important aspect of modeling is almost always neglected, not only by Numbers, but also by sci-fi movies: the computational effort required to solve these models. Try to let Excel solve a complex model with many equations and variables, and you'll find that you're doing a Hercules job. Even if Charlie Eppes has the right software to solve his models, he may have to deal with hardware that is terribly slow. And even with the right software / hardware combination, the model solution can take a few days. He will solve it immediately! I could use his computer in my research, I would be very happy. <br /> <br /> As a drama, it's far from the best show. The characters are a bit clichéd, but not as funny as the one in Big Bang Theory. The crimes are boring and the way Charlie Eppes solves them sometimes makes the FBI pretty incompetent. <br /> <br /> For some laymen, the show could work. For others, dealing with things is hard to swallow!
