This show is a perfect example of how the CBC should stick to news, sports or satirical sketch comedy. As a situation comedy developer, CBC has shown that it can combine the Pizzaz of "King of Kensington" with the "Laughter of The Beachcombers". It's embarrassing for great shows like Kids in the Hall and Second City to share their comic roots with this lame production. <br /> <br /> I have to admit that I did not. Give this show a chance as soon as I learned about its concept for the first time. Initially, half of the concept is the direct attempt to break one of the few sitcom achievements in Anglo-Canadian history, "Corner Gas." The rest of the concept - the cultural conflict - is anything but original and is too often used as a crutch for laziness when writing scripts. The selection of the Muslim religion as the basis for the "fish out of the water" sign seems to be a desperate attempt to be "nervous" and "current", but is considered forced. Some of the jokes referring to the locals' response to the newcomers are staggering and offend the intelligence of everyone involved, especially the public. <br /> <br /> This show is a perfect example of how CBC simply does not work When it comes to creating Canadian content, this is not "understandable", especially if Canada is presented as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada does not have to be so cumbersome and forced. It would be a refreshing change if CBC introduced diversity to a television program without the show focusing on that diversity. I doubt CBC has enough sitcom talent to do something so subtle. A comparison could be made of how Diversity is represented in Corner Gas - d. Native American characters are not distinguished by their ethnicity, and their heritage is not used to create storylines. Realistically, their lives and the other characters are so intertwined that ethnicity has no other meaning than their personal characteristics. <br /> <br /> Water comedy this show fails. Acting is weak, the comic runs up and down the map, and the historical premise I saw was too far beyond belief, even for a comedy. The only salvation is the talented Derek McGrath, who is terribly wasted here. I doubt that even the addition of guest stars (Colin Mochrie as Anglican Archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the show a chance once the "hype" of the CBC had abated. But I could only stand two more episodes - I could almost feel my brain cells shut off with every fancy punch line. The time window would be better if more coronation roads, air farce repeats or dr. Who will be broadcast. Even an infomercial would be an improvement.
