One might think that this film would have been much better with Ingrid Bergman and Warner Baxter. Unfortunately, the film suffers from hard-to-believe characters as well as a large plot problem that makes some of the characters look crappy. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Ingrid Bergman working for the Stoddard family. Everything is so peachy and swell - the family loves Bergman and it could not be more perfect. Well, until the mother (Fay Wray) dies, the stock market collapses in 1907 (family assets are wiped out) and Bergman has to return to France. This part of the movie is a bit sticky, but not bad. Later, after the family's fortune has improved, Bergman returns. The four boys are now all grown up and there is no reason why they would hire her again as a governess. But in a moment everything swelled up again. But when the First World War comes, the four go to war. In the middle, one of the sons (David) brings his new wife (Susan Hayward) home. Miss Hayward's character is as black and white as the others, even though they are all good and swollen, she is obviously a horny devil. To make matters worse, she lives in the family while David is at war. Well, here the movie really, really stupid - brain-stupid stupid. Hayward begins an affair with one of David's brothers, but when the father sees a silhouette of the lovers, Bergman enters the room from another entrance and pretends she is, not Hayward with Jack! WHY?! Why should a sensible person do that to save the butt of an obviously evil and engaging woman? That was exactly the kind of excuse Bergman needed to get rid of the gutter snipe once and for all! This is just a case of lousy writing and has driven me crazy ... and most likely done the same to the public in 1941. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is a failed opportunity to be unmasked for a failed opportunity for Hayward's nausea. This contradicts only common sense and made the film a stupid melodramatic mess. As expected, the truth finally comes out and everyone is swollen again - happy to be a big loving wonderful family without the bitch Hayward. <br /> <br /> The film suffers from bad writing. Hayward's business made no sense, at least in its handling. And if you have characters that are as good or bad (without anything in between), this movie sinks to the level of a second-rate soap. The only thing that saves is acting - they tried as best they could with a turgid script. Suffice to say, the writers of Columbia Pictures who made this movie should have been hit with a dead chicken!
