Or "Marlowe at Sea". Another ridiculously overrated old movie with bogey. Also pretty talkative. Bogey basically plays the same character as in the Marlow films; always under the control of a situation, never nervous - no matter how dangerous a situation is, the women called "slim" and "dames" and other nonsense, is the only "real man", ie alpha man in the movie (the only other alpha Man) is the head of the Gestapo - but he is just a fat alpha man, and of course any attractive young woman approaching him can not resist his charms and wants his penis within hours of their first introduction. The character clichés are all here. It is believed that Bogey is the same cynic as in "Casablanca", and of course he often rejects money or other valuables when offered to him - but how does that fit in with the tough cynic in him? It's not like that, he can not be a cynic; Hawks wanted it both ways: a character who is both a "cool individual cynic" and a well-meaning humanist. I do not think ... Bacall makes her non-edgy "cool babe" routine for the first time, and there are many overrated, not too interesting, so-called "sexual allusions" between her and Bogey; These dialogues sound stupid by today's standards. "Just take off your lips and whistle ...". A lot of crap ... She was 19 when this was done, but looks a lot older and is far less attractive than the female stars of the day. Her bony face, with its sharp features, is nowhere near capable of radiating the feminine beauty of a de Havilland, the cuteness of a Myrna Loy, not to mention the sympathy of an Irene Dunne. Bacall was more suitable for vampires than femme fatales. (In real life, she's very similar to her face: a Hollywood slut.) There's a scene where Bacall bursts into tears; very unsuitable for her character. There are two or three bad music numbers - but my fast-forward button was ready. If you are interested in reading my "biographies" of Bogart, Bacall, Huston, and other Hollywood personalities, contact me by e-mail.
