Director Kevin Connor and would-be action-hero / romance boss Doug McClure, team in this ghost story, which plays in Japan. Together, they had been reasonably successful in the 1970s, such as "The Land That Foresaw Time" (1975), "Earthquake" (1976), and so on. Without plastic monsters carrying the narrative, the results are shabby and distracted in the most worn way. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a 19th-century prologue in which a samurai husband killed his wife and lover before committing suicide. The couple Ted & Laura introduces a step into the present, visits Japan and moves into the house where the tragedy took place. No surprises, what happens next, when the spirits of the dead begin to take over the new residents with the boyfriend Alex (McClure), who takes over the role of the wife's lover. Everything clumps awkwardly along with the elegance and grace of a charging elephant to an inevitable (but surprisingly percussive) conclusion. Main points of interest are two weak beheadings ("The Omen" has a lot to do to promote this as a standard horror scenario) and the scenes in which the lovable scene with the stupid but extremely perverted Susan George is shown. The first is a long, Do not Look Now-inspired piece with her husband, complete with piano music; the second is a much shorter (probably at their insistence) entanglement with McClure, both of which look pretty uncomfortable. Anyway, every cloud has a silver lining and both scenes show their fantastic knockers, so not everything is lost. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can not decide if "The House where Evil Dwells" is garbage. or entertaining in a masochistic way. If you're not interested in the genre, there's nothing here at all, but for horror fans, there's probably enough to provoke the weird rye smile and appreciative nod of respect for effort. <br /> <br /> BEST SCENE - in each other In another movie, the big, black, climbing, Japanese-mumbling crabs stole the show. However, they are overshadowed by the legendary family meal scene in which a ghostly head appears in the Daughter Soup. When she sees this apparition, she asks what kind of soup it is (!!!!) to hear beef and vegetables before she pronounces the immortal line "Ugh - there is a terrible face in my soup". If that was not enough, the answer is, "Come on, eat your soup for daddy." Laurel & Hardy rest in pieces.
