At the beginning of the movie, you could check the DVD cover again and reread the summary a few times, but do not worry. It is NOT "geisha memoirs" that you bought. Just a movie with an intro that is much more stylish and stylish than it could be. Nevertheless, the opening is by far the best thing about the entire film, because it shows how a samurai sword master caught his wife in adultery in 1840. He beheaded the two lovers before performing harakiri (ritual suicide by scaling). Today is over when the American ambassador in Japan welcomes a friendly family and drives them to the same house where the carnage mentioned above took place nearly a century and a half ago. From then on, this becomes a seemingly routine haunted house movie, but the totally restrained and implausible script still makes it a bit unusual. Let's start with the good aspects, namely the original Japanese backdrop and the presence of the delicious Susan George, who is my favorite Briton for horror (well, along with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). The bad aspects are simply that the script is incoherent and indecent, and full of supposedly disturbing phrases that only make laughter. The restless ghosts of the house soon begin to talk by going into the bodies of the new tenants and getting them to do and say all sorts of crazy things. The spirit of the massacre adulteress loves to squeeze herself into Susan's ravishing booty and turn her into a nasty temptress! In this "obsessed" state, she even lures the American ambassador outside to have sex in the garden of a high society diner party full of celebrity guests. Strictly speaking, it is not really "evil" that lives in the house. Just a trio of dirty ghosts with dirty heads and too much free time for their dead hands! Obviously, these scenes are weird rather than scary, especially as the light blue and transparent shapes are reminiscent of the cute ghosting effects that later became popular in 'Ghostbusters'. "The House Where Evil Dwells" is probably the scariest Ghost movie of all time. For most of the time, you're wondering if director Kevin Connor (who still made the excellent horror movies "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") intentionally wanted to make his movie funny. like "Motel Hell" maybe. On the other hand, all in the cast continue to speak their lines with a straight and sincere face. I think we should still take everything seriously and feel disturbed. "The House Where Evil Dwells" is never exciting or exciting and contains no gruesome images, except for the massacre at the beginning. I know exactly how shallow it sounds, but the two scenes in which Susan George is topless are the only real highlights. Well, this and maybe the invasion of cheesy and ridiculously oversized spiders (or are they crabs?) In the daughter's bedroom. How totally random and irrelevant was that? If, despite this bad reputation, you decide to give this film a chance, make sure you put all your common sense and reason on your doorstep. <br /> <br /> Mask, which was also a hinge of the brilliant Japanese horror classic Onibaba.
