The movie begins with a peaceful setting of a traditional thatched-roof Japanese house on the side of a small hill. The inscription "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840" appears on the screen. A young Japanese samurai practitioner named Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) heads up the winding path to the house, inside is Otami (Mako Hattori), with whom he has an affair behind her husband, Shugoros (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki), behind him By chance, Sei Masanori's teacher comes along. Unexpectedly, Shugoro comes home to find his wife and student, who have very close relationships. His honor destroyed the angry samurai who brutally murdered Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. More than a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) and his wife Laura (Susan George) and their little daughter Amy (Amy Barrett) arrive for a working holiday in Japan. Her close friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), who works for the American Consulate, helps them by looking for accommodation, they do not need me where they are! He jokingly says that it's so cheap because it's being tracked, both Ted and Laura are laughing at, apparently not believing in ghosts, at least not for now. Almost immediately, the film goes into cliché mode. The lights turn on and off by themselves, Laura has an uncomfortable feeling about the place and a local Zen monk (Henry Mitowa) warns them threateningly before they can leave before it's too late, which they naturally ignore. The spirits of Otami, Masanori, and Shugoro were doomed to fail because they were lingered in the walls of the house by a curse of the majyo witches (Tsuyako Olajima). But there is a way for them to break the curse, but for the Fletcher family, it may cost them their marriage, their daughter, and possibly even their lives. <br /> <br /> Under the direction of Kevin Connor I thought that this is a pretty average movie. If you have nothing better to do, you should check it out, but after a day or two you probably forgot it completely. Nothing is remembered as particularly bad, but on the other hand, the film is not very good either. The screenplay by Robert Suhosky from the novel by James Hardiman is a bit boring and strictly according to the numbers. There's a lot of ghosting going on throughout the movie, but none of it is very interesting or exciting and the flat characters and direction does not help. There are some stupid sequences like the giant plastic crabs trying to get Amy and her babysitter Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there is a scene where the Zen monk exorcises the house and the spirits are banished outside without being able to go back inside. However, this is the case until Ted just opens the door and they just come back in, some exorcism! One more thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure, who was 47, when he did that to try kung fu and oriental swordplay! George takes her big boobs out a couple of times, including a very unexplained sex scene with McClure, though a lot of pain and a few sheets of super glue stuck to them were made to ensure that there was no nudity under the waist. Apart from a few decapitations, usually off screen, there is no blood, blood or violence to talk about. The "transparent" ghost effects are fine, but they will not impress many people today. It's done professionally enough and looks pretty good, but the potential in the Japanese backdrop and myths is wasted because this movie could have been filmed in America, England, or any other Western country without having to change anything. An OK waste of time.
