I saw the Gator Bait movies, and that's almost the same thing. A woman is sexually assaulted by a group of degenerate men and systematically demands vengeance on each of them. The special feature of this film (though not very far) is that the sexual content is not glorified. There is a frontal nudity many times throughout the movie, but not for a second is it ever sexy. Some of the rape scenes may seem a bit voluminous, but that's just because the film tries to amplify the audience's need for this woman to seek revenge. <br /> <br /> This is a weak movie, it has no other way to protect interest than to manipulate our natural desire to take revenge on this woman against her assailants. I spit over your grave is not the kind of movie you expect to deliver a serious morality, but I was glad to see that it contained a considerable amount of violence that was inflicted on female leadership , not meant to be a T & A movie. <br /> <br /> B movies are notorious for being driven by nudity and uncontrolled youthful sexuality, and while I Spit On You Grave is clearly a B-movie and contains more than nudity, nudity does not control the storyline , On the other hand, the only thing that drives the plot is an empty need to avenge a gang of rapists. These men, just as in the Gator Bait films, are evolutionary dropouts, and the biggest challenge for the writers was apparently the search for new and exciting ways to kill them, but the reason why the movie can never be more meaningless Movie is because it does not deliver a message but merely gratifies the audience's desire to get a bunch of rapists exactly what they deserve. <br /> <br /> The only problem that remains is that we have to go through the sexual assault. Oddly enough, the first half of the film is the part that contains the most nudity (though not much), but is by far the most painful to see. We even get a little disappointed as we see the woman getting revenge, because a few deaths were so complicated that they were obviously impossible (it seems to be pure luck that the guy at the bottom of the lake felt such an overwhelming desire, to embrace the engine on the boat and squeeze his genitals against the propeller and stay that way while the woman nudges him some final words and pulls the cord), but this movie only fulfills the desire for revenge with which the first half fulfilled us. <br /> <br /> (spoiler) You know that this is all that the movie has to do, as it literally ends when the last man is killed. The woman no longer lives happily, she does not write her book, she does not go and never returns to this nightmare, she just gets into the boat and drives around the lake while the movie just stops in its tracks. But hey, what do you expect more? Oh, and did you read the slogan? If you decide to waste your time trying to find a man who will be broken or burned. I was really looking forward to it?
