What the producers of this detestable filming aspired to is impossible to fathom. <br /> <br /> A group of first-class actors, mainly well-staffed (with a few notable exceptions), which are pretty good performances. Penelope Keith is perfect as Aunt Louise and Joanna Lumley is as good as Diana. Everyone is doing well with the scripts they have received. <br /> <br /> So much for the better. The average would contain the quantities. Nancherrow is not like the house described in the book, though bizarrely the house they use for the Dower House looks remarkably similar. It's clear the Dower House is way too big. In the later sections, the authors decided to bring the entire story back to the UK, presumably to save money, although with some imagination I had no doubt that they could have recreated Ceylon. Now to evil. The script. This is such a horribly bad adaptation. It's hard to find words to condemn. Edward does not die in the Battle of Britain, but survives blinded. He makes a brief appearance and then commits suicide - why? Loveday has transformed herself from the young woman, completely in love with Gus, into a sensible peasant woman who can give up the love of her life with only a tear (less emotional than a brief encounter). Gus, a passionate and passionate man, is ready to give up his love without complaint. Walter (Mudge in the book) transforms from a flat, unfaithful husband to a devoted father. Jess becomes a mentally disturbed young woman who does not speak. Aunt Biddy still has a problem with alcohol, but now without explanation. The Dower House is occupied by the army for no apparent reason, except for a very brief scene with Jess, who is afraid of armed soldiers. While Miss Mortimer's breasts are extremely sexy, I could not see her portrayal moving the conspiracy forward several times. The beautifully named Nettlebed becomes a worldly dobson. The word limit prevents me from continuing the list. <br /> <br /> There is a sequel (which I am no longer interested in after this nonsense), and I wonder if the changes have been made to create the follow up story. It is hard to imagine that Rosamunde Pilcher would have approved this grotesque perversion of her book; she probably lost control when the rights were bought.
