In the 1930s, documentary films were shown on remote corners of the world, focusing on wild animals, exotic terrain and primitive humans with unusual cultures. Despite the logistics of transporting a film crew to a distant and dangerous place and bringing them back to life (with the footage), such films were often much cheaper than traditional Hollywood features ... because they were not expensive sets, costumes or high-priced movie stars. <br /> <br /> The most successful producers of such films (artistically and financially) were the team of Martin E. Johnson and his wife Osa, who produced several documentary films (sometimes documentaries) with convulsively staged events) in Africa and Asia. The Johnson safari movies were hugely popular and inspired several parodies ... especially Wheeler & Woolsey's "So This is Africa," in which the very sexy Esther Muir plays a character called Mrs. Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin E. Johnson) geddit?). Although several other filmmakers produced safari documentation at the time, Johnson's films were the most popular in the genre as they relied heavily on humor. Seen from our more enlightened (hopefully enlightened) point of view, this is a grave mistake in the Johnsons' documentary: There are too many scenes where the funny little brown or yellow people are made into complete idiots who are easily outsmarted by the clever White Bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> A key benefit of these films is the presence of Osa Johnson. She is ten years younger than her husband and seems to be young enough to be his daughter. While not as attractive as the shapely blonde Esther Muir, Osa Johnson was a crazy brunette who performed sensationally in front of the camera in all the films she co-produced with her husband. <br /> <br /> 'Congorilla' is probably the best movie of the Johnsons. The Congo recordings are interesting and have historical value as evidence of what the area looked like in 1930. The recordings of the pygmies and other aborigines are also interesting, though they suffer from the Johnsons' preference for staging events so the natives look "wild" and alien. <br /> <br /> The best (and funniest) scene in 'Congorilla' is an improvised sequence in which Osa Johnson tries to teach some pygmy women a jazz dance. (The dance is the Black Bottom, not less ... the same dance that Bob Hope taught the Daisy and Violet Hilton and the twins tied together.) Osa Johnson wears Jodhpurs, riding boots and a helmet, and starts to sing She makes high Take steps and kneel down to teach African women this dance. Meanwhile, they just stand there and stare at her. You obviously wonder what this crazy white woman is trying to achieve. It's a very funny scene, but it has an unpleasant undertone. Osa Johnson makes a dance that was invented by black Americans. The implication seems to be that black Africans can instinctively perform this dance after a brief demonstration (with natural rhythm, I think) because he's in their blood or something. <br /> <br /> I will rate 'Congorilla' with 4 out of 10 points. This film tells a little about African life in the 1930s and more about American cultural perceptions in this decade.
