Did I step in or did the bad smell come from Daybreak 1 + 2? God was behind everything? What does God have to do with sci-fi? God is only the answer if you can not come up with a reasonable explanation for something. In fact, this is exactly the problem in the finale of the series. Obviously, they could not come up with sensible explanations for the plethora of big questions raised throughout the series, such as how Kara Thrace returns from the dead in a brand-new Viper. how their old viper and the charred body landed on Earth 2, why Baltar has an imaginary 6 in his head, why 6 has an imaginary Baltar in his head, etc., so they explain it with "angels" or just do not explain it at all. <br /> <br /> The plot of the last 2 episodes had holes big enough to fly through a basestar. Why, for example, is Galactica and her crew going on a suicide mission to rescue a girl (Hera), especially after Adama said that there is no way to try salvation? Because they found out where the Cylon base is? That's not a good reason to sacrifice the life of the crew. And how did Anders know the place? And what were the flashbacks to the life of the main characters before the war? It's like they forgot to do it earlier, so they threw something in at the last moment. <br /> <br /> The people who wrote the last two episodes could not have been the same authors who created the sensational series so far. It feels like the script was taken over by evangelical Christians on a mission to spread "The Word". Do not forget the attempt to tie the loose ends of the plot. The important message the writers wanted to convey is: Do not trust technology, as this will lead to your destruction. God is your ultimate salvation (bad luck if you have a disease that needs medical attention). <br /> <br /> Imagine, in the last movie of the Star Wars series, that there is no "power" ... instead, a Jedi actually gets his power from Jesus. Then they fly with their spaceships into the next star and live with the Ewoks in the forest. Would that be a good end? No, it would not work.
