Oh, God, how on earth has any part of this movie ever been approved by anyone? It smells like cheese from start to finish, but it's not even good cheese. It's the sleaziest, tastiest, and tasteless cheese out there, and I can not believe there's anyone who really enjoyed it. Yes, if you were to see it with a lot of drunken / stoned pals, some parts might be fun in a sad way, but for the rest of the audience the only entertaining part is when that group of pals throws popcorn and offensive insults to each other and the screen. I watched it with a laughing man, who had a few beers preparing to laugh at the film's expected shit. We have the crap (plenty of it) but not the giggle. It is not even as such a bad movie. It's just bad. Very very bad. Here's the reason (look away, if you're spoilerphobic): The movie starts with a man who has beaten another to death. OK, I was a few minutes late, so not sure why that was, but I think I have the 'This guy is a bad guy, with whom you do not want to bend behind the brilliant scene - understood. Oh, and a guy testifies. So we already have our ultra-bad villain and a funny, but apparently good guy. Cue-hero Big Sam enters the scene in the usual way and saves the good in the usual way that only bad action films can achieve, d. H. Hero is immune to bullets, all others fall over awkwardly. Cue first plot hole. How the hell did Sammy know where this guy was or that he had been watching the murder? Maybe this and the answers to all of my questions about the holes in the 2 minutes before I went to the movies were explained, but I doubt it. In fact, I'll stop throwing holes in the plot so I do not turn the movie into something that resembles Swiss cheese (which we all know is good cheese). So the "action" (a very generous word). The good guy has to come to LA, the bad guy would not want it, Hero Sam is standing between them. Scenery for the next broken hour - the passenger plane. As I said, no more poking holes, I'll just leave it there. Passenger aircraft. Next missing is the crucial ingredient that has been removed from this movie gem, and what makes it all that it is - Snakes. Yay! Oh, break First we have the introduction to all the obligatory characters that must have a lame film. A hot, horny couple (see if you can guess how they're going to die), British guys (those annoying Britons, eh?), Cute kids, and Jo Brand. For all Americans, this is an English comic famous for its size and unattractiveness. Now that we have met the cast, let us all see dying (except, of course, the cute kids). Do not expect anything original, it's just snake bites on different and always weirder (really not) parts of the body. Use your imagination because the filmmakers obviously did not use any of them. <br /> <br /> So that's the biggest part of the movie, so the best, the end. As expected, everything is so happy when the plane lands that everyone in sight begins to suck. Yes, iced Sammy included. But wait, we're not all off the plane yet! The last guy who gets out is a good guy, but just like him he is bitten by a (you guessed it) snake (of all things). Obviously, this one had been hiding in Mr. Jackson's hair all the time, somehow managing to withstand the air-pressure trick the good old hero had made a few minutes earlier, despite the 200-foot Constrictor (the one who had this annoying British jerk ate) not being able to. So Sam shoots him and the snake in one fell swoop. At this point, I prayed that the movie was about to make a much needed U-turn, revealing that the hero around the world was indeed a traitor. But no. With a kind of icing on the cake (but with old cheese, remember), it turns out that the highlight of the movie was a bulletproof vest. How anyone can believe that ten years ago, let alone 2006, an audience would be impressed by his ingenuity is a mystery to me, but he has summarized the film well. <br /> <br /> Actually, we are not quite ready now. After everyone has sucked their faces (Uncle Sam with the lead actress, good guy with Tiffany, black guy with a white girl and the hot couple in a heartwarming attack of necrophilia), it's time for a good guy and a hero to look at it. ... in Bali !!! No, it was not exciting at all, the exclamation points were only there to show my pleasure in seeing the credits. Yes, the final shot of the film is a festive surf trip to convey the message that a bit of male bonding has occurred, and a chance for all idiots who have actually enjoyed the movie a few times. That's it. This is the first time I've posted a movie report, but I felt so strong that someone has to speak out against this scourge of cinematography. If you like planes, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, stewardess, evil, surfing, dogs in bags or english, then please do not watch this movie. It will so pollute your mind of all that you never want to get in touch with any of them again. Go to United 93 instead. That was good.
