This is not a movie that you can really analyze independently of its production. The audience became a filmmaker that had never been before in the history of the American film industry. We felt so engaged that the viewing becomes the work of a friend. How is it possible to be objective? This is our movie, right? Or is it? There can be nothing more disingenuous than a filmmaker who applies himself as a friend of the public and gives them all the naughty treats the nanny critics would deny them. Just look at this first-rate self-journalist Eli Roth, who promises gutless hopefulness to the hopeless Mainzer horror films just to produce a watered-down and technically incompetent work like 'Hostel'. <br /> <br David R. Ellis may not have produced the monster that was the internet answer to his movie, but understandably, he quickly understood it. He took Carnival-Huckster film school to a new level and got the fans to build what they would eventually buy. So many were excited about this interactive, democratic approach to filmmaking that they seem to have missed the point - that this is the film's most cynical form of marketing. Nothing is included that the filmmakers know the fans will not buy, and any old proposition that bums on the seats is included. The fact that the pitch became the title tells you everything you need to know. <br /> <br /> Is not this just the further development of the focus group approach? Individual creativity, talent, craftsmanship, ideas are sacrificed before the inhuman talk of the masses. It is a critical everyday life that focus groups and test screenings are not suitable for good films - why should the preventive intervention of Internet enthusiasts be different? Because we happen to be movie fans? Well, thank God for us, otherwise I might not have seen a topless woman get her nipple bitten by a snake. Well, yes, I enjoyed the movie - a midnight show, fresh from the pub and a bucket of ice cream - but actually it had little to do with the movie and the atmosphere. Like Christmas, everyone seemed determined to have fun no matter what. It was laughed, but I do not know if it was with the movie or the movie. Is that a meaningful distinction in such a calculated film? The movie has some really good aspects. Samuel L. Jackson gives a well judged performance, a pure self-parody, but with a real sense of pleasure. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are decent in limited roles and there are one or two inspired moments - the pet's fate is a really funny black comedy that the rest of the movie can not match. <br /> <br /> The storage marks are to be expected, but the total lack of tension is not. What is the meaning of a movie that combines two great phobias when there is no creeping threat? There are several moments when it comes to snakes, but they are incredibly badly staged. Only the annoying British man gets a decent meaty death scene - the other murders are strangely flat. The end of the honeymoon couple, for example, is ashamed. Most actors do not make an impression; It's a shame that a charismatic actress like Julianna Margulies should look so tired (if she tells two kids to close their eyes and pretend that the turbulent flight is a roller coaster ride, she could talk to the audience - the movie stays too short). <br /> <br /> There are worse movies, but there are many, many better ones. Another reviewer on this site likened this movie to 'Lake Placid', and it's as good a contrast as I can imagine. This movie worked so well because the performances were excellent, the jokes were funny, the suspense sequences were scary, and not worked out by the committee. That the characters had some depth and shadow was an unexpected bonus. I do not need midnight shows after the pub to have a good time with this movie. <br /> <br /> This movie will become a mere footnote in film history over time. But if it sets a precedent, I'm really worried about what might cross our screens in a few years. In all likelihood it will not be much. Perennial popcorn favorites - "Raiders of the Lost Ark," "Alien," "Halloween," and of course "Star Wars" - are simply not produced by Group-Think. <br /> <br /> In the meantime I'll tell you something - I do not have half desire for Ingmar Bergman.
