The more I analyze this movie, the worse it gets. Why a motivational speaker? This part was just stupid. I mean, why would a megalomaniac trying to control the world rely on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really so disorganized? First, he can not decide what he wants to do to control the world, so he's looking for ideas in the Bible. I can add that many of these ideas are really unreliable (for example, the part of "Ismael's and Isaac's homes will scream with fear" may have already happened.) The synagogues during the Krystal night could have been burned and the mosques had the mosques in Baghdad or something.) And Gillen Lane's family! They had no part except to offer family values ​​and dab their eyes with water! I can add that Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is only in his twenties (or that's the impression I had) and has a ten-year-old child. He had his kid in high school. Yes, there are the family values ​​of TBN. Why did this movie have to be so damned propaganda? I repeat what a previous reviewer said. The Indiana Jones Flicks use Christian mythology as an act and manipulate it well, making us intoxicated. This movie does not do that. The beginning begins well, Michael Ironsides plays a priest who kills a scholar of some sort and steals the dead man's omega code. When confronted by two men he is obviously afraid of, the two prophets say, "Tell your master that we are here!". Dominic (Ironsides) answers "He already knows" and points to a small surveillance camera. This part sent a shiver down my spine. If only it had continued like this one scene, I would have loved this movie. I give credit to Michael York: He makes his character very good, as does Michael Ironsides. But the good guys are terrible. I have already talked about Lane's family <br /> <br />. Now that I'm beyond acting, I'll start plotting. This is obviously a Baptist movie, as our beloved Pope of the Vatican is portrayed as a jerk. The world domination plan that I liked and thought was plausible and subtle was just as exciting as the action sequences. Another Diatribe against the Vatican, whose leaders are considered dogmatic, since Gillen explains to the Pope that it is not the end of the world but the beginning of a new one. Even the Vatican (or Israelis) says they will be leaving the World Union since they used the Omega code to control the world. Whoever it was, they would not split off, they would send commands and kill them. This is the equivalent of America that knows about the KGB who will kill the president, and simply says, "We will not talk to you anymore!". Come on! I enjoyed the scenes where bombers head for Israel and see them again on the monitor. Mediocre, short.
