I was very disappointed with this movie for several reasons. It's pretty decent for the first half hour. Although acting is not better than what you would find in a rap video, it's kind of funny and the production value does not seem half as bad. I almost thought that was almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican movie), which turned out to be MUCH MUCH better than I expected. The plot for the film is not just about cheating husbands, but also about how women in Dominican society as a whole are viewed and treated, which is a good prerequisite, especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately, I do not think the makers of this movie assume that a good movie is just about how you treat your subject, and they slaughter the veal chop they had before them. About 30 minutes after the film begins, the roles of men and women are reversed after the main character's wife captivates him due to his fraud habits. This transition is not just about what seems to be modern, the space age, CGI effects that date back to the 70s, but the whole action just goes down the drain. The rest of the film consists of cheesy, predictable situations and clever deposits. To top it off (and I guess I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **) it's all a dream. Oh, who did not see that coming? Oh man, I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie. Well, after about an hour, I start to think, "Hmmmm, something does not sound right with the soundtrack, but what can it be?" and then it hits me. Half of the music in the movie was taken from a video game called KING OF FIGHTER 95. <br /> <br /> If DR gives us a movie, can we call a movie Art?!?! Maybe a comedy for the French Amelie or an action film for Thailand's Ong-Bak, an animation like Akira for Japan, a funny thriller like Layer Cake for England, or a journey as awake as Waking Life's here. <br /> <br /> ... I would give him a 1, but I've seen much worse when I'm from the DR, look for Los Jodedores and you'll know what I'm talking about.
