Raising Victor Vargas: A Review <br /> <br /> You know, Raising Victor Vargas is like putting your hands in a steaming bowl of oatmeal. It's warm and sticky, but you do not know if it feels right. Try as well as I could, no matter how warm and sticky Raising Victor Vargas was, I was always aware that something was not right. Victor Vargas suffers from a certain self-confidence of the director. Apparently, the director believed that the ethnic background of a Latino family in the lower East and an idyllic storyline would prove the movie critic. He was right, but it did not deceive me. Victor Vargas is the story of a seventeen-year-old boy named Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk) who lives as a teenager and hunts more rock than the Rolling Stones he has been able to do in all the years he has toured. The movie begins in "Ugly Fat" Donna's bedroom, where Victor is sure to seduce her, but a scream from outside interrupts his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) seeks him out. In the attempt of Harold and his sister Victor Vargas gets the damage control. Despite the embarrassing consequence of claiming the most homely girl in the neighborhood, nothing can stop young Victor from going in search of more fresh meat. On a hot day in New York City, they make their way to the local public swimming pool, where Victor's eyes catch a glimpse of the pretty young nymph Judy (Judy Marte), who is not only pretty, but also strong and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the focus of the film. The story also focuses on Victor's family, which consists of his grandmother or Abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by Victor, Silvestre Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). The action follows Victor between scenes with Judy and scenes with his family. Victor tries to be an over-expatriate pimp daddy, his feelings for Judy and his grandmother's conservative Catholic education. <br /> <br /> The problems that arise from Raising Victor Vargas are some blatant mistakes. In the course of the movie you will meet certain characters like Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy and even Judy's best friend Melonie. The problem is, we do not know Victor Vargas except that he is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know he knows how to lick and comb his lips to put girls in the bag, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano, and quietly, you can see it at the awards on the family piano. We know that his sister Nicki is a gossiping girl who has an interest in television. We know that Granny is a hardworking traditional Latina woman trying to raise her children conservatively in a world of excessive corruption. But where is the title character Victor Vargas? He's somewhere in this movie, but we only know what the movie tells us. This is by far the biggest mistake of the movie. Victor Vargas is not so much a character as a ping-pong ball jumping between scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we never know who Victor Vargas really is. That's important, because as I mentioned earlier, we know from Victor Vargas only that he is a sexually active teenager with a libido of Manhattan. He is a total alpha man. Victor Vargas is not the sort of character I sympathize with at all. Why should someone At the end of the film, after the climax, we really get convinced that Victor Vargas has somehow reached all the lows and learned the mistakes of his ways? How could such a two-dimensional figure have depth? If only the director had been more concerned about refining his main character than worrying about the perfect handshake. <br /> <br /> The raising of Victor Vargas brings the world of downtown Latino to life on the big screen. Something that has made only a few films in the past. The film was praised for the feeling of being so real, and I will not contradict it. I have not seen this reality since CBS broadcast Survivor. Seriously, although the film has some nice shots of the city, author / director Peter Sollett was far too dependent on close-ups and hand-shots. This problem is especially noticeable in indoor shots that are so claustrophobic that I had to do deep-breathing exercises in order not to faint. As the movie progresses, the shots are getting tighter and the faces are cut from forehead to chin on the canvas. You can practically smell Victor Vargas' cheap Cologne. The overall effect, however, is unrealistic. The interior shots of inner-city apartments make them look small and cramped, which is not true. I have been to these apartments. I lived in one. They are not gorgeous, but they have high ceilings and decent living space. By the standards of the film you would think that these apartments are 5x5 cells made of bricks, broken paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, Sollett's constant use of close-ups and a particularly bad shot with a zoom-in on a scene is totally amateurish. But Raising Victor Vargas is just the second film by Sollett, and his best known is a solid filmmaking effort that hopefully will improve if he continues to film. A review that I read summarized the film as "ethnicity for the sake of ethnicity" and I can not agree anymore. If Victor Vargas really was a great movie and a great story, the applicability of the characters would not matter if it's Latino, Chinese, and so on. However, if you were to take this story in the middle class with a bunch of teeny in middle-class suburbia -bopper white kids, the results would not be glowing reviews, and we'd see the flaws of the movie more clearly. In fact, some other aspects of using Latinos in this movie bother me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are true, I have to ask myself. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky share the same bedroom. This triggered an alarm for me because it contradicted what I believe. Any Latino family that respects themselves would not have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I was unsure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother, I knew my problem was justified. Considering how conservative the grandmother is, one might think that Vicky slept in her room. As a Latino grown up in a somewhat conservative Cuban household, he was raised by my grandmother while my mother grew up. I work full-time and could relate to the film in many ways, so my critical viewpoints are bittersweet because of this film really wanted to love. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas has sabotaged my feelings for the film. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds me of the guys who were playing with my Sega Genesis at the age of seventeen. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas is just a stereotypical hot-blooded Latino without any self-observation through the film, who calls girls out of his car at the end: "Hey Bay-Bee, Ju wants to go to my Luv Mah. Cheen? Anyway, I like it Do not like him, how can I end up liking a movie about him? If you excuse me, I'll put my hands in a bowl of grains. <br /> <br />
