I've never been an avid onlooker for "Crocodile Hunter," but occasionally saw an episode or episode, and when the news of Steve Irwin's death spread through a stingray attack in 2006, it caught my eye. This movie with Steve and his wife Terri playing themselves, but in a fictitious story, was released in 2002, but it was not until several years later that I heard about it, and even then it took me a while to see it. Well, now I've seen it, and after first checking (more than once) here and seeing its rating, I was not surprised at how unremarkable it turned out to be, though it could have been a better result. Apparently this is a comedy, so it's a big problem that it's not very funny at all. <br /> <br /> An American satellite broadcaster falls out of space and lands in Australia where it is swallowed by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where they are terrorizing the cattle on a crazy brozzie Drewitt ranch, and do not know what's inside, two CIA agents are sent to Australia, to get the beacon! The agents are supported by Jo Buckley, and the ranch owner and her dogs could make the mission more difficult for them! On the mission of Steve and Terri they encounter other types of dangerous animals, not just the crocodile, and since they have no idea that the crocodile has anything unusual in it, when Steve sees the CIA agents after them, he confuses them for poachers! <br /> <br /> I did not laugh once when watching this movie. The only part that really made me smile was Steve Irwin, who drives one of the CIA agents out with a big snake. Besides, I do not think I found anything mildly amusing. It's also a bit of incoherent chaos going back and forth from the Australian Outback to CIA headquarters, and it seems like clips from "Crocodile Hunter" and clips from an action thriller (or something like that) are put together for some reason. Add to that the Ranzenzenen, which also seem to be from elsewhere, and as funny as Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski, should be, it is not. At some point we see them fartig, so we have a fart joke, a big cliche in modern comedy! Are they so hard to resist ?! I also found the typical "Crocodile Hunter" scenes, with Steve wrestling crocodiles and holding other dangerous creatures and talking to viewers about it as boring, but I think the fact that I was never a devout fan of the show, did not help . <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin has been admired by many as a conservationist and sadly missed by them, while there are those who claim to have screwed up with nature and let him come to him. Whichever side you are, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-developed movie. I'm sure it helps if you're a big fan of Steve Irwin. But even if you are, there is no guarantee that you would like this movie, as some fans are clearly not impressed. In fact, it seems some of you have found this movie is worse than me, so it will NOT help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would say whatever you think of Steve Irwin and his show, this movie was unnecessary. The attempt to combine what is normally seen in "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictional story has unfortunately failed, and a viewer may find that the movie will be shown for more than ninety minutes!
