When young people are traveling in a motorhome, there are many clichés that can guarantee you. <br /> <br /> 1) Adolescents are warned not to go where they are from a crazy local. Dan Van Husen handles this with a ridiculous depiction of deadly sirens. What, who, how and why is treated in an almost incomprehensible impulse. 2) The van collapses. 3) In search of help, the group of each monster from which they were warned, gradually picked up. 4) You will find a house that is inhabited by a madman, he will capture you. 5) The house will have a phone, but it will not work, it will be decorated disturbingly, there will be flickering neon lights, spiders and maggots. 6) The madman will catch them while trying to escape with a vehicle that does not start (here the overdrive should be done with a tractor). 7) The madman is apparently killed, only to come back from the dead for a cheap, weak fear, and is then killed properly. 8) Only one girl will stay alive from the group. 9) In the end there is an unnecessary turn. <br /> <br /> Add nude sirens to these elements (to which the characters seem to react in surprisingly different ways, though anyone who sees them should instantly go crazy with them) who seduce and kill the teens Throwing out throat and dragging corpses in half, you have something that resembles a twelve-year-old boy's dream movie. I think it is only fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as low as possible, but I am pleased to point out that there are a few elements that affect pleasure and one represent big improvement over his previous movie Darkhunters, one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Sometimes the cinematography is very good, the music and the cut are a bit above the previous films and some other low-budget horror movies. I was impressed to hear that this was achieved with a third of the money spent on the previous monstrosity. However, the worst things about this film are not found in the body of the film, it is ultimately a slightly distracting, if pointless film that was made again and again, but under the DVD extras. <br /> <br /> If you are borrowing this movie, I ask you to listen to the director's commentary. There's more to it than the movie itself. An amazing part of the commentary is the director's claim that the film is stereotypical because it was a preconceived idea. He says it's a deliberate attempt to use all the clichés, and he's openly wondering if "people will get it." <br /> <br /> I'm afraid to say that if this is a smart nod and a wink to films of the past and the clichés of the genres, it's not funny enough to act in a fair way with enough sound Style directed to work. If this movie was made to order, I have to ask a question. "What was the point?" This is a movie that gets straight into the canon of evil horror movies. Any attempt to do something clever or otherwise did not work. <br /> <br /> The next nugget of brilliance is a conversation about the snobbery towards digital film formats. You rightly point out that digitization is often synonymous with cheapness and ease of use. However, the best moment of the conversation comes when they complain that Michael Mann, when making a film in the format, is branded as a visionary. Here is a simple distinction to make; Mann is a talented director who will use the format for his story and style. Roberts is a horror hacker who uses it to produce genre pictures on the lower shelf. I think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not only arrogant but superfluous. <br /> <br /> The best moment is reserved for Robert's comments on people who have taken the time to repeat his previous film. Those who do not like it are being generalized as "geeks" and they even go so far as to find certain people that they have the nerve to express their opinions in forums that encourage them to do just that. I have to admit that I was a bit disappointed, that my criticism of his last movie was not considered a ridicule. The tirade continues as the group jokes about Norwegian reviewers, with "funny" accents that suggest that Norwegians would not know a good movie just because they were born there. Since these types of comments are more and more telling about those they say than the ones they are targeting, they simply ignore the director and his friends. <br /> <br /> The package was rounded off with tasteful decor over the sirens were poured. Robert swears blindly, "I did not want to shoot a movie that was like Baywatch," as we see top-up tape cassettes with no and nude girls squirming on the floor. There is also a sensitive, selfish documentary on the emergence of Darkhunters, in which Robert claims that one critic has claimed that Forest is "the best British film in years". I do not know whom he tries to convince. In the commentary track, Robert jokingly says, "I can see people sitting at home and saying, 'That's not amazing, it's shit', he's not wrong.
