Forest of the Damned starts with five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland) as well as Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood), and start a week-long vacation "in the middle of nowhere", her words are not mine. Anyway, before they know it, they are deep in the forest and Emilio clumsily rides over a woman (Frances Da Costa), along with a severely injured person, to reinforce their problems in which the van they are traveling on is still does not start can not receive signals on their mobile phones. You need to find help quickly so that Molly & Judd, in the hope of finding a home, migrate, over time, and the darkness begins to fall, it becomes clear that they are not alone and that something unpleasant is lurking in the forest .. . <br /> <br /> This English production was written and directed by Johannes Roberts. After reviewing some other comments and reviews both on the IMDb and on the Internet, Forest of the Damned seems to share the opinion, some like it and some do not, personally it did not do much. The script is credited to Roberts on-screen, but here in the IMDb, Joseph London is listed with "additional script material," whatever that means. The film is a fundamental thing like the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) with your stranded faceless teenager. The victims are shot down, but use the interesting concept of fallen angels roaming the forest and killing people for reasons never explained to full satisfaction , Then there is Stephen, played by the always fantastic Tom Savini, who never justifies what he does. Is he here to make sacrifices for the angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by driving his head? The story is very casual and never felt like a real movie. The characters are bad, the dialogue is not much better, and the lack of a significant story makes it difficult to deal with it or worry about everything that is going on. It is said that it moves at a reasonable pace and there are some decent scenes here. <br /> <br /> Director Johannes does not do anything special, it's not a very stylish movie or flash movie. There are some decent horror scenes and the Tom Savini character is great whenever he's on the screen (though he did not hear Judd drop the door with an ax when he fled Molly?) And it's a shame when he is killed. There are a couple of decent Gore scenes here, somebody hit his head, it's beheaded, somebody's shotgun-shot, somebody gets bitten in the neck, somebody's lips are bitten off and somebody gets torn in half. There is also a good deal of frontal female nudity, not that it helps a lot. <br /> <br /> Technically, Forest of the Damned is OK, it's reasonably well done, but nothing special or eye-catching. This was filmed in England and Wales and it is quite strange to see an English backdrop for a very American ulterior motive. Acting is generally pretty bad, except for Savini, who deserves to be better. The horror writer Shaun Hutson ends up with an awkward cameo and proves he should write rather than act. Forest of the Damned was a pretty bad horror movie, it seems to have fans, so maybe I'm missing something, but it's not a movie that I like a lot. Apart from one or two good moments, not much is recommended here.
