This movie was terrible from the beginning! Why was it so bad? If it's not the naked women, not only a decent plastic surgeon, but also the expertise of a dentist, followed by a free hand from Colgate teeth whitening !! Then it's the "crazy" old man at the gas station who is not that crazy, but more "I'm not sure how much I should trade, so I'll look straight ahead and look as stupid as I can, if I do Do something in the woods scream in robot tones "!! Then back to those naked nymphs who need a cure for gingivitis ... apparently without touching you ... and this is according to the opening scene .... they can cause a nasty looking red rash on the neck that I assumed that a piece of meat is missing, but it just looks like it could get along with some TCP to get it right. Then you have Sophie Holland, who plays Ally. I have never seen such a Baaaaaad play. She is more of an "I Me Me" when I'm not having fun, no one else is, and I do not want that, so I will not, and I'm the meanest cow in the world, I'm sarcastic, mean, and if I am I do not get things on my way! "a kind of person ... reminds me more of a 6 her old girl attitude." I think it's not even worth mentioning the awful camera angles that remind me of Blair Witch, or how cheap the movie actually was Judd hacked at the "locked" door that he had actually opened before he could unlock it from the other side !! This movie is completely ridiculous! If it were a parody, then it would have been successful ... just now, but being a horror movie was just wrong !!! I can not even describe everything that went on in this movie I would leave the room! Although it was funny to see Andrew raspberry juice dripping into his ear each time, when he opened his mouth, while Tom Savini's character was completely oblivious to the two who hid directly under his table, right in his field of vision! It was even funnier when those two thought they were on a goddamn door Actor, who, as we all know, is number one, who hated to get behind him, because it's so goddamn slow! So is it any wonder they can not get away with it? And how many people do you know who can cut their wrist and then walk around for hours, as if nothing had happened! No pain, no weakening due to blood loss, nothing !? But the stupidest part is when suddenly (literally I mean literally) a year later and Molly still wanders through the woods after escaping the nymphs is not without a line to promote his books !! (Although admittedly one of my favorite authors) but suddenly and without any hint of explanation about how and why ... she is evil herself and tempts Hutson to death, then we cut from the beginning to the crazy guy Suddenly he wandered with a petrol cannon through the woods, even after its "dazzling" performance, why no one should ever dare to go there for some reason ... The nymphs are stupidly chattering each other while Crazy pours gasoline everywhere. ... and here ends the movie .... finally! My conclusion .... if you had not guessed already ... absolute garbage! There was no real idea whatsoever, whoever aimed the camera had to be shot ... and when you thought about it, it was 99% of the cast! If the right director, the actors, and the budget are behind it, it could be decent. But again, cheap English horror movies, but the rest of the genre, the country and the English film industry, pity !! (And I am English, so I may say that)! In fact, the only decent and exciting part of the movie in the first 15 to 20 minutes is when we see it turning from day to day across a field type area. All I was thinking all this time, was "Jesus Christ in heaven, why, why did someone allowed to do this, the testicles of his absolute cow !!" But I can not turn off a movie after I've looked at it unfortunately. I had to watch From Dusk Til Dawn just to remind me that Tom Savini has a good time! If there was an option for 0/10, believe me, I would choose that, because the movie is not even worth the one point I gave it! <br /> <br /> But that's just my opinion, take a look at it and decide for yourself.
