This movie is based on a rather original idea - I've never seen nymphs thrown out of the sky in a horror movie anyway. However, the way this idea is implemented is not in the least original. We follow a group of children who for some reason decide to travel to the forest. The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs makes it more interesting than just another forest filled with rednecks / nutcases / zombies and so on. But really, the monsters are just a variation of the usual horror in the forest. Many films of this variety do not have a single good idea - and it seems they have exhausted their brain cells with just that. The only real advantage that the monsters bring to the table is the fact that they are beautiful women that the characters long for, rather than being the hideous grotesques from which they want to escape. That is good to a certain point; However, it soon gets boring, and the almost complete absence of any background story about the central monsters ensures that the movie never gets out of the horror trash category. <br /> <br /> It's been years The Evil Dead turned the woods into a top-notch horror location, despite films like the Blair Witch Project; It's still an excellent horror setting. This is one of the film's most important assets as the forest gives a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that Forest of the Damned does not seem to have much up its sleeve. The death sequences have a marked lack of imagination, and the fact that all characters are extremely clichéd does not help, as you are more likely to be killed than to hope they get away. The cast consists mainly of children, but here is a role for Tom Savini; Who does not have fun in the special effects department? The only real highlight the film has in terms of staff comes from the nymphs. The naked ladies usually look good, and if they were not, that movie would quickly get boring. There is nothing for which this movie is really recommended. However, if you are looking for a stupid, little horror movie reminiscent of the woodland style of the eighties, you might enjoy it here.
