People tried to make me believe that the premise of this vile supernatural horror / thriller was inspired by the last words of an authentic serial killer (whose name I'm missing out on). While waiting for his execution on the electric chair, he claimed that his soul would be revived and continue to experience a never-ending murder rush. By the way, it's not a very original idea to make a horror movie. Other low budget turkeys implemented the same basic requirements as House 3, Shocker and Ghost in the Machine. Anyway, "The First Power" (also called "Pentagram") is not a completely terrible effort, but the script returns too much to clichés and has no real thrill. The film begins as an okay, if serious, serial killer movie in which the obsessive cop hero Lou Diamond Philips pursues a maniac, who cuts bloody pentagrams in the chests of his victims. He receives unexpected help from a spiritual medium, played by the beautiful and underrated Tracy Griffith. She leads him to the murderer, but also asks not to execute him, as this would lead to an even greater catastrophe! Thanks to helpful hints from Tess, Detective Logan quickly catches the killer and celebrates his death sentence, but Patrick Channing has made a deal with Satan himself and returns to the lazy streets of California to carry out more killing. "The First Power" gets pretty bad as soon as the killer is reborn as a vengeful spirit. Instead of using his newfound satanic powers to wipe out the whole world (which I would do in his position), Channing simply prefers cat and mouse games with his nemesis, the copper. He annoyingly calls him "Buddy Boy" and owns the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to cheat on him. Although this is never really boring or poorly realized, it is a very weak movie, especially because you constantly get the feeling of deja vu. The author / director Robert Resnikoff shamelessly uses every horrible cliché (the murderer was sexually abused as a child) and even the lines of the players can be easily predicted. Once Griffith declares that she can predict the future, you just know that someday in the movie she'll say the ridiculously overused line: "I tell people who should live their lives, but my own life is a mess." Yawning. Lou Diamond Philips achievement is sufficient, but it is quite difficult to take these youthful rebels of "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver" seriously as hard copper. Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When a Stranger Calls") and B-movie horror legend David Gale ("Re-Animator") initially appear in a tiny cameo of the film.
