Dreadful! Dreadful! Dreadful! No, I did not like it. It was obvious what the intention of the film was: to pursue the spin and action of the "doers and shakers" who produce a film. In some cases, these are people who present themselves differently than they are. I did not need a movie to tell me how shallow some people are in the movie industry. I suppose I'm really to blame for expecting something like "Roman Holiday". <br /> <br /> I am neither a filmmaker nor participate in film classes, but it seemed to me that the film was a series of "two-shots" (in the main) where the actors (!) with a loose plot and should improvise the dialogue. Henry Jaglon claims that he wrote the screenplay with Victoria Foyt, but the impression was that the actors who knew the general direction of the film were repressing the dialogue - and it was not always successful. One such case was, for example, when Ron Silver made a remark that did not really flow along the line of the conversation (and I'm not going back to look for it!) And Greta Scacchi burst out laughing, even though they were supposed to serious conversation, because Silvers remark was such a non-sequitur. They also feel that an actor intentionally tries to "mistaken" the other actor and break his concentration. Another example is when a producer directs Silver to "bring the documents" *, # # # # "#" (three times). "Silver literally looked lost for words." I saw another movie that looked like one And that was terrible too! <br /> <br /> The fact that Jaglon could win Greta Scacchi (no stranger to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami and Maximilian Schell means it Peter Bogdanovich always had a 'What the hell am I here - here', and I expected to hear that he said, "Look, I'm a director and scriptwriter - not an actor." - That would have been needless to say! Faye Dunaway seemed to be more interested in promoting her son Liam, and apart from the jerky handing over of the dialogue, the handheld camera even became irritating, even if it - as I suspect - the "natural" dialogue was - for the right one The interest in the headmasters was diminished by the interest in the various young people who attended, and the strand waned. That was at least Cinema Verite. Together with the irritating French vocals, in which I used the mute key, a total of about 90 minutes were disappointed. <br /> <br /> I think we should avoid filming movies like this one. The attempt to see a value in the film in which he has little recognition in order to substantiate a perceived transcendental level is false. It was really nothing avant-garde. It was not a work of art and yet it was not a documentary. I know it was a documentary, but the real test is whether it's entertaining. I got bored out of my skull! There was only one salvation feature: 'Cannes' was pronounced correctly, so I gave it 3/10.
