'I do not understand. None of this makes sense! "Gets an angry character towards the end of Death Smiles at Murder. I've just sat through this confusing mess of a movie and know exactly how it feels. The story of director Aristide Massacessi (good old Joe D'amato, who uses his real name for a change) is an awkward mix of the supernatural, murder / mystery, and presumptuous garbage likely to be matched by similar people, the trippy 70s Years of garbage like Jess Franco's rather bizarre efforts, but I tried to stay conscious. <br /> <br /> Opening with a hunchback mourning the death of his beautiful sister (with whom he had a daughter) Incestuous affair (before she was eventually lost to a dashing doctor), Death Smiles at Murder soon becomes very popular confusing, as the same woman (played by Ewa Aulin playing in the equally alien "Death Laid to Egg") is seen alive and kicking, the only survivor of a bus accident outside the estate of Walter and Eva von Ravensbrück. After the invitation to stay at home and recover, where she received Dr. med. Sturges (Klaus Kinski in a disposable role) is groomed, the pretty girl begins with Mr. and Mrs. Ravensbrück's love relationships (which means that viewers are treated) to some short but welcome scenes from nookies and lesbian lovers. <br /> <br /> "So far, so good", I thought at the time: "We had hunchbacks, incest, some blood and courage and superfluous female nudity - all ingredients of a big, trashy euro horror; However, Massacessi's lame attempt to combine giallo murders, ghostly acts, and even elements from Edgar Allan Poe's The Black Cat is to narrate a very stupid, utterly confusing and ultimately extremely boring tale of revenge beyond the grave <br /> <br /> This film seems to have few admirers here on IMDb, but given the choice, I would much rather watch a sloppy director's film from his later career, I think, more incomprehensible, unreal, surreal 70s -Years-Gothic-horror is just not my cup of tea! 2.5 out of 10 (purely for the cheesy Gore and Nekkidness), rounded up to 3 for IMDb.
