Honestly, the concept behind Masters of Horror had something to offer. Great horror directors, who are being put off now because the industry has the chance to bring horror again, have been with me from the start. That is, until I've looked at some episodes ... Oh man, it's really bad television. Not only does it seem that the directors are getting very little money to control their skits, there are also guidelines, such as HD shooting. In short, it's bad for both artistic and financial reasons. I can not help but with the "Tales From The Crypt" and the M.o.H. Episodes really do not stand the comparison. TFTC was good, MOH is bad; In my opinion, here are a few keys to explaining: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes per episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode), I believe that it allowed denser scripts, with good ideas occurring more frequently, a better overview episode , less chances to make the plot confusing or boring. The duration may also have been the reason why the budget was spent better for TFTC: directors had to have REAL film music composers (composers on MOH are absent, very bad), REAL actors (while there are only unknown actors for unknown actors at MOH) is)!), REAL camera directors and, sometimes, it can help REAL movie cameras (while MOH is shot on HD cameras with very wrongly chosen lens parts), which causes the episodes of TFTC to look and feel "cinematographic". In the sense that real actors were cast, from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth to Kyle McLachlan to Kirk Douglas, there were also film composers from the Alan Silvestri area, big directors of photography like Dean Cundey, high-end screenwriters And in that sense each "Tale" was a little movie of its own true kind. Compared to TFTC, the "Masters of Horrors" is a rather lame approach to TV horror. It is very hard to bear to be a little above the average of cinematography because it looks just like an ugly television series, if not worse. It gets boring and incredibly fast, mostly within the first 10 minutes. The performers are never to be heard before the would-be (except Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and a few, but even there they are the only famous actors of their episodes). The directorial base for MoH was good at first, but with each episode it gets bad and bad: If even the directors of the world are unknown, what's left? Nothing! And it's weird how they start to have completely unknown directors while they did not even have Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon and Russell Mulcahy ... If even "Masters of Horror" can not bring dead directors back to life, who will do it? Maybe a repeat of stories from the tomb.
