There seems to be an overwhelming response to this film, but no one with the insight to criticize his methodology, which is extremely flawed. They continue to propagandize the journalistic style analysis, that is, they play for lack of knowledge and prejudice of the public, to cause an emotional disappointment and an outburst of negative confrontation, some facts just to make them draw conclusions that are predictable , For example, the idea of ​​civil war, chaos, looting, etc. were supposedly unexpected responses to the collapse of state infrastructure following Hussein's demise: were not all symptomatic of an already impoverished culture? Doctrinal infighting as symptomatic of these veins of Islam itself and not as a failure of the police to hold back and secure? Would you rather have declared the US as Marshall Law? I'm sure the papers here exploded with allegations of a police state and a fascist power. Apart from the analytic idiocy of the film, it needs a few sidelines and disregards the rest. "so and so refused to be interviewed ..." But the questions that they had asked will undoubtedly already be answered by the hundred inquisitions that these persons have already received. would you, as Vice President, choose to be interviewed by a writer / producer for the first time, most likely already condemned to twist your words. They could not roll a band from Condi to actually show their opinion and answer some logistics questions. Maybe they never heard how she heard. <br /> <br /> This is anything but a neutral view of the situation on the ground there. This is another biased, unobtrusive approach by journalists - who are by and large unthinking herds. Anyone wishing to speak out on the war should have their ideas at least somewhat more reliable than NBC coverage and CNN commentary. These interpretations are in line with the same vitriol that simply creates another bipartisanism for those who want to think, and those who want to know from the media what to think.
