We open with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the original universal soldier and his Asian friend who is driven by seemingly universal soldiers into a river. They almost kill the two and then, oh, it was just a field test. Deveraux, which we find, is now part of a government-funded company that designs the new level of universal soldiers. Why he wanted to be involved (if you know anything about the original) is never explained and is a mystery to me. <br /> <br /> After this flimsy script, the story begins. The United States government has cut Universal Soldier's project budget and angered SETH (the large artificial mainframe computer controlling the Universal Soldiers). Of course he will not be closed without a fight. This means Van Damme has to take all new types of universal soldiers with them. That sounds like a funny idea for an action movie and a sequel to a sequel, but that does not stop him from becoming stupid. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new universal soldiers will be played by Bill Goldberg. It seems you can not go wrong by filming a wrestler in an action movie. He's big, he's tough, right? Not correct. Van Damme does not seem to have a problem with wiping the floor with him, once, twice, three times. The point here has lost me. Then the glass breaks. A rudimentary part of an action movie, but someone has to have a glass fetish. You must especially see the fight scenes. Let's not talk about how nobody cuts or at least slips. To put the cherry on this train accident, they let SETH (the computer) secure a human body and how appropriate it is to turn the villain black (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a white good guy fighting a black evil, it seems. Possibly offensive and just lame. He is not a substitute for Dolph. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a lousy sequel. It's loud, it's stupid and he does not care. The original was not poetic, but it made a simple sense with a science-fiction element and talked at a basic level. The sequel does not do it. However, they keep the running time under ninety minutes and somehow found a way to squeeze into a strip club sequence. So give credit where credit is due.
