The infamous Ed Wood "classic" Plan 9 from Outer Space reveals an outraged alien calling humanity: "... stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid!" I would have to say that Exhibit A in this process would probably be this movie, a ridiculously stupid science-fiction movie. The falling action star Jean Claude Van Damme returns for him to a hit role from the original film, Luke, a former universal soldier who is now working to make really good universal soldiers. While Van Damme was too big to repeat the role in the first two sequences, he was too small to do anything other than the fourth film in the series Universal Soldier. He's probably whispering all the way through, breathing and grunting and frowning for ninety minutes of explosions and karate kicks. You will find many mindless acts of violence, but I would advise you to get a mantle check for your brain at the door when you look at this thing. Otherwise, you'll probably forget where you left it until it's over. <br /> <br /> Luke, after a truly REALLY evil computer called Seth against other universal soldiers (which makes HAL look like Ghandi) turns all other universal soldiers into evil, merciless murderers. Of course, these things are programmed for this, but in this case, they are killing their creators, not "the enemy," so this is a problem. <br /> <br /> I love the stupid logic of this movie. A logic that believes a supercomputer would create a body as ashamed as Michael Jai White in this movie. A logic that states that the creator of Seth is a blue-haired cyber stereotype geek who spits out regular clichés like Old Faithful. In the logic of karate combat, two characters appear in a three-minute period, shattering ten slices. <br /> <br /> The film also features a dangerous daughter, wrestler Bill Goldberg as a wrestler who is disguised as a universal soldier, and a romance that has been tackled so I must think that the writers who are being held to romances , are actually a GOOD thing. And when this movie ends, it ends. Not a minute after a gigantic explosion in the final style, the credits run. No epilogue, no where are they now, no final kiss, just explosion, hug, over. Even the makers want to get out of this thing as fast as possible. <br /> <br /> Even though it's not Plan 9, US: TR is a stupid little gimmick of an action movie that would be fun at parties full of hooligans to Van Damme fans who love to see their hero like them reached new depths. Not to be seen on a serious stomach.
