I heard about Unisol 2 for the first time when passing a movie theater when I was in America on vacation. I really did not pay attention until I bought the original on DVD, which prompted me to inform me about his three sequels. I started reading about The Return in the IMDB and asked friends what they think about it. Despite their terrible criticism of it, I still tried to see it and was about to buy it until I could rent it on DVD. I did not expect much, but thought that getting a theatrical release in the US had to be half decent. How often do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing could have prepared me for it. It's so bad that I almost cried. What a total waste of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It's hard to explain how bad this step is. Honestly. This is idiotic filmmaking. No, it's more than idiotic. I just can not believe how that was done. I can not believe that someone out there did not murder Mic Rogers. How stupid can people be? First, Van Damme thought the script was right, and the movie was good. Second, the fact that Xander Berkley confesses the status of Terminator 2 and Air Force One to this film. I just can not believe the stupidity of this movie. It takes itself so seriously, but the audience is like a parody. Here's an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luc is human again) - "I want my dad", SETH- "Me too". Oh yeah, and a guy tries to shut down SETH by putting three big levers on - wait for - ON and OFF. Acting is like acting school. I'm sure Mr. Director modeled Luc's reporter friend in April O'Neil from the cartoon Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles - she refuses to go because she "needs her story". I mean, come on - how many clichés can a movie use? Please listen to my IMDB users. Finally, Universal Soldier: The Return has no relation to the first film. If they were not called UniSols, you would never know it was a sequel. Luc is human again - what the hell!?! The only place he can access the Internet is a strip club. All new Uni Sols look like they've been pulled off the streets, they're not convincing. This is pure torture you have to watch, so do yourself a favor - do not torment yourself. P.S - Best part of the movie: Romeo jumps out of a building and shouts 'Oh sh * t'.
