After seeing the cheaper versions of the "Universal Soldier" franchise, I hoped and prayed that Van Damme would play his role as Luc Devoreaux in a second Unisol movie. It seemed that this prayer had been answered, but not as I had hoped. Universial Soldier 2 is as intense as reading poems in your local library. No, even that would be more fascinating. The fighting sequences are top-notch, Bruce Lee quality, which is the sole redeeming factor in all that pitiful excuse for a movie. This and the former WCW legend "Goldberg", who plays the villain. However, it would have been better to place Goldberg as Seth's Sidekick lieutenant. <br /> <br /> We were insulted when the movie was shot. It's like a couple of film students who hit it together. The storylines are as big as Kanye West's ego in which the movie really was. For example: Luc's daughter, Hillary, seems to be at least 11-13 years old, and the first movie was filmed only seven years ago. How is that possible? Tell it to me! The part where Luc's partner was killed and turned into a Unisol is just goddamn diculous! You want to tell me that at the beginning of the film an experimental unisol naked lay in the basement of the research complex. Come on. The director could have spent more time with this film than the first one and would have stitched all the action holes. But oh no! <br /> <br /> Speaking of Plot, ES SUCKS! Compared to the first film, the plan of Universal Soldier 2 watered down and was worthless. Where's the daring thrill of a Unisol going insane, recreating his last memories in a supermarket rampage when he thinks of his desert storm or something else? This was the beginning of the millennium, you would attract more public if this had taken place in a Dystopia / Orwellian type of future septic tank. Corny is the right adjective to describe this sad, sad, sad sequel. <br /> <br /> From what I've seen: Double Impact, Under Siege 2, Robocop 3 and Hell, even the cheaper / no-class Terminator knock-off "Class of 1999" is more entertaining than this!
