OK, I saw this movie to get a benchmark for bad, but with this movie it's the best movie from Unisol. Luc Devereux is now a technical expert who works with his partner Maggie along with the government, who has spent countless hours training and struggling to refine and perfect the UniSol program to develop a new, stronger, and more demanding Democrat military breed , is smarter and more agile. All new Unisols, faster and stronger than their predecessors, are connected by an artificially intelligent computer system called SETH (Self-Evolving Thought Helix). When SETH determines that the Universal Soldier program should be closed due to budget cuts, he takes things into his own hands to protect himself. Those who try to shut down their power are killed and their train unleashed by supersoldiers led by the muscular Romeo. SETH spares Deveraux just because Deveraux has the secret code needed to disable an integrated SETH shutdown program in just a few hours. SETH takes on human form with the help of a hacker named Squid. Not only does Luc have to compete with the ambitious reporter Erin, who will not leave his side, but also with General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH. SETH has also kidnapped Luc's injured 13-year-old daughter Hillary and is holding her hostage. Luc is the only person who can save Hillary, because Luc knows first-hand how a UniSol thinks, feels, and fights. Now there are problems like in any movie, as if someone had found it strange how a reporter was so fortuitous there and let the soldiers get flattened with a truck when Vanne Damme shoots them with a bullet and they die The Last Battle scene was unbelievable when Luc is human and Seth is five times stronger and faster than any other Unisol and Luc can score a hit. In the last fight, when Luc smashed him to pieces, I was really surprised that the pieces did not melt him and did not reform him (Terminator 2). Another thing that bothers me is how the hell does Vanne Damme get good actors to play relatives. I mean, in the case of Vanne Damme, it's completely out of line with how science fiction this movie is. The music score that has a mention has ever heard that you've ever heard a song in which you'd rather cut a blackboard with a knife. Universal Soldier 2 is like that. The good points are that there is no dolph (HOORAY) and unlike the first scene, there is only one nude scene, whereas in the first scene many (the scenes in # 1 are still being tracked) are also the actors in this scene talent whereas the casting guys in the first case were sadists (if you do not think I'm looking)
