In his portrayal of a miserable Milanese subclass, this movie was probably quite enlightening at the time. However, I feel neorealism was never really the bag of director De Sica, because here he decided to create a kind of modern fable that revolves around a boy found in a cabbage patch by an old friend of the country was. After spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, Toto lives in a small town in Milan. He organizes the residents in community action and maintains their spirits by whizzing around on his face with an annoying smile and testing them at their tables. It's a mystery to me that no one's telling him where to put his timesheets, as these people are pondering much more important things to think about, such as where the next pot noodle will come from. In any case, De Sica uses a subtle-subtle dramatic device to highlight exactly why these poor sods are where they are. This, of course, is due to capitalism, and to illustrate it, he lets the poor find an oil well on their land. Brilliant! However, to his credit, he has already given up making a serious film, and the capitalists appear as stern cartoons, all fur coats and cigars. You want this country, but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense. Through a bizarre stroke of luck, his old, late guardian emerges from the cabbage beds in the sky and gives him a magical dove. He showered his friends with gifts that turned out just as greedy as the cigar men. I think this movie was a missed opportunity. To address the topic of poverty, as not many filmmakers had done until then and then get caught up in a fairy tale, that seems a bit stupid to me. How come that 'great' directors get away with childish plot twists as we see them here? Hans Christian Anderson would probably have rejected the idea of ​​letting the poor people fly over the Milan Cathedral and with brooms to a higher place. However, De Sica is proclaimed a genius. Certainly, the fact that these people are so poor that their faith is unshakable and that miracles never happen to them is enough for any storyteller to work on. <br /> <br />
