The mind mocks exactly what deserves to be continued on Universal Soldier. Since the real star, Dolph Lundgren, can no longer understand his role in the original, there is little reason to indulge in this obvious tax write-off. Bold attempts are made to fill the gap with professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. In their honor, they give their action sequences a good sense of excitement. Bill Goldberg looks like he's having the time of his life in this movie, and he's making a fair sting to fulfill the requisite role as a comic villain. For once, his role is one in which the same line is repeated a few times and it does not get irritating. From the point of view of the audience, the problem is that none of these gentlemen really have the feeling of comic timing or low humility, which makes Lundgren a pleasure in almost all of his films. And that's the problem. You will not see a Van Damme movie because you want serious action. You go because you want comedy, even if it is unintentional. Unknown to many people, Universal Soldier followed two direct-to-video sequels. I only saw the first one, whose production values ​​were so bad that you can only ask yourself if it was a complicated joke. Matt Battaglia was so terrible in the role of Luc Deveraux that Jean-Claude Van Damme once in his career is a welcome relief. The film more or less ignores the stories of the above direct-to-video episodes and instead begins a whole new story set indefinitely after the events of the original. After years of research and explanation, the Unisol project continues with some minor changes. First, the new Unisols are stronger and more resilient than their former cousins. On the other hand, all Unisols are now headed by a supercomputer named SETH. In the first parts of the film SETH mainly consists of a series of abstract graphics in a glass dome. <br /> <br /> As the movie lasts no more than eighty minutes, we are quickly told that the military is being financed being cut The Unisol project is located on the Hack Block, which essentially means SETH will be disabled. SETH, who has somehow overheard this conversation by means that are never really explained, decides to mobilize the Unisols as an army against those who try to shut it down. His only problem is that from time to time a code has to be inserted into his system to prevent an automatic shutdown. Two persons own the code in question. SETH kills the first in a short amount of time, and those familiar with the plot kit Van Damme's films are constructed of will guess who the second is within five seconds. The rest of the film revolves around Unisol's attempts to get the code out of Van Damme without hurting him too much. A subplot with a daughter and a reporter is woven into the film, but it contributes about as much to the story as Van Damme does the act of acting. <br /> <br /> The film is ridiculously loaded to the brim lines and cliches. When SETH transplants his command module into the body of Michael Jai White, we get a speech about how people's time is over. He tells his foot soldiers how fear and mortality will be the weakness of humanity. Gosh, SETH, you mean they will not be our strengths? Apart from that, the short length of the film is both the weakness of the film and its strength. It allows the action without proper facility. In the original we get a very detailed explanation of the Unisols, how they work and how they are brought into the state that can be seen in the majority of the film. The author seems to take it for granted that the viewer knows what an unisol is and how it works. At least in the original, a moment of curiosity and wonder was created by leaving the explanation for the later course of the film when the hero lies in a tub of ice. Here, one of the villains is shot with a gun that leaves massive holes in his uniform (and presumably his body as well), getting up every time he breathes, for films so bad that they become unintentionally entertaining , If you can see it cheaply, beat yourself. This is the kind of movie that makes me mourn the loss of Mystery Science Theater.
