When I was 16, I saw the documentary: "On the way to the moon was a funny thing". I really liked it and believed it for a few years. But then I grew up thinking and when I was looking for more information. This is: more information from role sources and non-biased sources. When I started at the university not so long ago, I asked an assistant professor of astronomy about these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: He said that all these theories lie there. That baffled me, I did not believe it at first, but then he presented evidence for his allegations. He quickly exposed most of the theories on the subject: "Humans have not gone to the moon." Most fears were that the Apollo ship could not travel through the Van Allen radiation belt without the crew being killed by radiation. The truth is that Americans use a secret aluminum anti-radiation alloy. It is not so well known. And the exact specifications are a secret. And why is it a secret? Why should they betray it then? If they were in a space race with the Russians, it would be VERY stupid to say that they had a new technology that could protect the crew from radiation. <br /> <br /> And then there is the greatest proof of all: the moonstones. When the Apollo missions went to the moon, they brought many stones from the moon to give to geologists and similar scientists documenting everything about the moon. These rocks and stones are from the moon. Because: The inner basic elements, which make up all matter, also consist of special isotopes, which differ from quarry to quarry, from country to country and especially from planet to planet. The isotopes of these rocks and stones are proven that they do not come from the earth. The astronauts brought hundreds of kilograms of these rocks home, and it was proven that they all came from outside the earth and from the same planet. Ergo: The moon landings were not faked. NASA has gone to another planet: the moon, although it is not a planet, but a satellite to a planet, a moon (Duuh). These stones were distributed to laboratories and universities around the world. It is proven: people have gone to the moon - it is a fact, pronto. <br /> <br /> But I'm not worried: most conspiracy theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated, so they usually do not know or lie about these facts. The fact remains: people have walked on the moon.
