This is probably the most backward slasher of the '80s ever to be realized, but how can you be tough on a movie that shows endless pictures of dozens of gorgeous ladies with exciting bodies doing aerobic exercises, showering, and tight gyms Outfits running around? Before it's a horror movie, "Aerobicide" is a 90-minute promo video promoting the use of steroids, silicones, and other body-enhancing fitness products. If you leave out all the footage, where young guys are lifting weight, and tasty girls are jiggling with their butts and racks to unbearable 80s tunes, you probably only have about 15 minutes left. Plenty of time to improvise a conspiracy on a sadistic killer slaughtering young health freaks with a big safety pin (yeah ??). The film begins with an unintentionally hilarious scene in which a girl is fried between an electric sunbath. Some years later, people appear in the same spa. You do not necessarily have to be an experienced horror anatomist or rocket scientist to find out that there is a connection between the murders and the burning incident, now? The case is being investigated by a seemingly careless policeman (and Charles Napier!) And a beefcake detective who's lucky with the busty beauty of the 80 I've ever seen! Looking through the credits, her name seems to be Dianne Copeland, and she's done nothing except this turkey and a jerk-off Troma movie called Surf Nazis Must Die. What a wasted opportunity! She may not have been a great actress, but she undoubtedly had two other big advantages that would help her to go up in show business. Also the amount of Gore and the quality of the make-up effects are nothing special. We have some bizarre knife cuts with a needle and some grilled human flesh. The plot wounds at the end are ridiculous and predictable, but at that time, the movie does not take anyone seriously anyway. "Aerobicide" (aka "Killer Workout") is recommended if you want to turn off all your brain functions for one night and still want to watch a movie! With "Death Spa" it would actually be a great double feature. Both movies have many sexy and barely dressed babes? and both films are pretty stupid.
