Apparently, this film is the psychological process called individuation, that is, how to become a true self by embracing the so-called "dark" side of human nature. So there is the Darkling, a classic, shadowy, devilish creature desperately seeking the company (ie, recognition) of men, and the story revolves around the various ways in which this need is more or less successfully managed. <br /> <br /> However, if we dig a little deeper, we find that this movie is about how you should treat your car like any other person: - in the opening scene, above all character ( male car mechanic fallen out of favor) collects bits and pieces of car wrecks with his daughter as a car wreck nearly smashes the little girl. Lesson 1: Cars are persons who are embodied with immortal souls, and stealing car accidents is identical to the robbery. The godless have disturbed the dead and must be punished. - Immediately thereafter, another character (Ruby) buys a car wreck to repair it and sell it as a once-lost, famous racing car. He is warned by the seller. Lesson 2: A car, like any other person, has a unique identity that can not be changed or replaced. In addition, there is the notion that Rubin actually sees a hidden quality in what most people would simply consider garbage, but in the end it turns out that this quality is a projection of Rubin's personal greed for more profit. Lesson 3: You should never treat your car only as a means, but always as an end in itself. - then we have the scene in which the main character is introduced in Rubin, and, more importantly, Rubin's car: judging the qualities of the main character is based not only on the outward appearance, but also on a thorough look in the engine room. Lesson 4: Not only is a car judged by its looks, it's what counts inside. For those who do not keep this lesson in mind, there is a punishment, as we see in the scene where another man tries to sell ruby ​​a fake collector car. By the way, this scene also underlines the importance of Lesson 3. <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of the theme "car = person" in the film, and I'm too tired to refer to anyone but the one Point persists (and I think that's what.) I'm really trying to say it's fun to watch this movie if you have absolutely nothing else to do - or if you're an auto follower.
