Near the last phase of Baby Mama, one of the main characters describes the basic structure of all events and concludes that it was "all just a mess"; I really can not say better. And although the feature sometimes has a strange glimmer of hope, the overwhelming majority of the existing is too neutral to be considered relevant and unobtrusive to be worthy of. A lackluster cast, secular writing, and vaguely caricatures make Baby Mama sure not give up the old stuff, but this is never made up for by the proposed sense of humor. The film is mainly made up of very routine clichéd jokes surrounding a strange couple (rich and poor) who try to live together as they prepare to bring a baby into the world. <br /> <br /> As a story about finding love, it's not so bad, but playing this story as a side story, which works alongside the comedy-oriented, odd-couple-tan, characterization is particularly weak, resulting in one The result is a lukewarm romance that never bubbles. Both characters are somewhat amusing as characters themselves when assembled in small spaces, but when left alone they are quickly riddled and emptied; Even though we sometimes find the interaction of the character amusing, the comedy never leaves beyond the distant chuckle. we do not feel for the characters and do not find them naturally interesting, but rather their dynamics. Although this dynamic, as mentioned above, works best or at least better than the individual personas, it unfortunately goes beyond the typical limits of the odd-couple formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful businesswoman who has hired the stumblonde Angie (Amy Poehler) as her unusual substitute. After Angie decides to leave the desperate husband Carl (Dax Shepard), both of them, despite their obvious coexistence, eventually have to learn to live together differences. Yes, it's the typical premise of an odd couple and one that we've already seen at this year's What Happens in Vegas, but what Baby Mama does not miss, the aforementioned movie had both a chemistry between performers and half-layered characters. Both Kate and Angie never show a personality beyond their two-dimensional outlines, so both artists are neglected to play roles that require chemistry to produce out of nothing. In fact, the film's only effective appearance and character comes from the underutilized talents of Romany Malco, who struggle to play a doorman. Of the few occasions I have laughed at Baby Mama, most of those moments were because of this man, and the rest was usually on Shepard. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's rare to find a film that embodies his film scripting in the way your world is captured and presented through the camera, and yet director Michael McCullers is effectively coming from side to side Screen. However, for a movie about babies, multi-million dollar business, and cultural stereotyping, this is not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama is a hammersmith from Hammam, a plastic tinsel town whose capital is covered in sugar. Not only did I emotionally feel remote from the characters because of their two-dimensional nature, but I was simply not interested in the world in which they lived. The dialogues, sets, costumes, and general themes of the script are so pastel blue and pink that all the shades of humanity are lost in the director's relentless need for his film to feel like a castrated fantasy. These are not characters and that is in no way our world? Why should I take care of it? At the end of the day, however, the ultimate measure of the success or failure of a romantic comedy is solely due to the chemistry between their love interests and the frequency of their laughter. Baby Mama has little to do in these departments. Of course to say that the film has no value at all, would be unfair. I'm sure that female onlookers in a boat like Kate will get a slight kick, but everyone else will probably just feel numb and probably bored. In this regard, Baby Mama avoids being unbearable but never convinces to be out of the ordinary or look outside the immediate audience. Baby Mama, a comedic guy and a romantic mismatch, is too reckless to be interesting and too shallow to be entertaining. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net))
