** SPOILERS *** Slow as molasses mummy film with this atonement in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, which must be broken off to deter the native population that is rebelling against British rule at the time Given the task, this archaeological dig through his superiors British Capt. Storm, Mark Dana, along with a few British soldiers and Mrs. Sylvia Quentin, Diane Brewster, wife of the chief, reach man at the excavation Robert Quentin, George N. Neise, goes to the grave of the exposed mummy. Along the way, Captain Storm meets Sylvia and his men on the desert-like Princess Simira, Ziva Rodann. Simira seems to be superhuman in her ability to withstand the rigors of desert life, she does not. Drinking water or getting tired, but he also knows exactly what Captain Storm & Co. are looking for, and warns him and his group to stay as far away from the excavation as possible, the Ra ha Tet Tomb of Pharaoh. <br /> <In the burial chamber of Ra Ha Tet, Robert Quentin and his crew of archaeologists, along with his Egyptian leader, Simira's brother Numar, Alvaro Guillot, have already opened his grave before Capt. Storm can come there to stop them. Quentin injured Ra Ha Tet's body when Dr. Farrady, Guy Prescott, had his federations cut off. This action by Roberts and Dr. Farrady's side killed Numar. Later, it turns out that Numar was somehow obsessed with Ra Haet's mind or soul, who took over his body and made him turn himself into a 3000 year old mummy at a rate of 500 years an hour. <br /> The film has Numar dressed in a pajama that looks like a pajama creeping around Ra Ha Tets grave and its surroundings, and attacks the blood and sucks to survive like a vampire of any man or animal he enters. This blood-sucking adventure of Numar, with which he later loses his right arm, continues for some time, until the now crazy Quentin tries to find the entrance, and they thought he had already found it and got Ra Ha Tets grave himself it kill is an indoor stone slide. <br /> <br /> We learn at the end of the film that Numar, no surprise, is actually Ra Ha Tet, who is reborn in another, about 3000 years later, person or life. Numar's sister, the mysterious and sexy Simira, is not only the sister of Ra Ha Tet, as he and Numar are really one and the same person, but also the Egyptian cat goddess Babesti! Not so hard to find out. <br /> <br /> With Numar / Ra Ha Tet back in his grave and all the deaths due to the pharaoh's curse, now over, Capt. Storm Sylvia and what's left of it His men and the archaeological expedition of the late Robert Quentin hike back to Cairo and modern, 1902 to civilization. The survivors of Pharaoh Ra Ha Tet Curse keep what they found and dug up only for themselves, since nobody would believe them anyway.
