I saw the film last week at the Belgrade Film Festival and I'm still working on the trauma. In essence, my point of view seems to fit a number of others - the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, entertaining and promising. Well traded, of course. My problem, however, is not that simple, with the fact that the last one and a half hours of the movie has nothing to do with the sympathetic beginning, or the fact that I spend most of my time cramping it with sharp, scratching industrial sounds and cramps looked at drunken, toothless, seething hail. It's more with the fact that they never warned me !!! In the festival brochure overview, only the (extremely fascinating) first half hour was described - a whore, a piano tuner and a meat seller talking in a bar and posing as an advertising agency, genetic engineer and administrative officer. Mention what the never ending Chewing gum-smacking is coming. That's fine with me, if I did not read the reviews, you could say - but in my defense, I did not stress a series of reviews I've looked at, how immeasurable and unbearable most of the film is. <Br /> <br /> The first hint should have been the introductory words of the director (a shy, tousle-haired Russian teenager) who stepped in front of the crowded auditorium (the movie seems to be very critical and the tickets were out well had sold out well before the show, though most of the viewers were as unconscious as I was in pain, judged by the plethora of supernatural groans and groans that had permeated the theater in the past half-hour, and many annoying ones Comments on exit) Say the following: "Well, I ... um, thank you for coming to this movie, and I just wanted to say ... Well, it's a very long movie ... I needed four Years to make it, and ... it's ... I suggest you see it and immediately try to forget it, it's very long, thank you for coming. ' That's what he said Alarm bells should have rung "What is he talking about?" I thought in happy confusion. "That'll be fun!" By the time his strangely apologetic comments made sense to me, it was of course too late to All I could do is squirm in agony until the lights come back on, and in the end, I can not say that I feel improved in any way by the experience, yes, I have the first one It was smart, new and had a lot to say, and yes, Russia is probably in bad shape Yes, every society has many hidden faces Yes, toothless life in barren deserts is probably unimaginably difficult Yes, yes Yes, I get it all, I really do, but I do not see any earthly reason why art and meaning are so torturous and so painful to wear when watching a movie between the ext To see the remnant glitter of Hollywood sculpture and hours of muddy vodka, try the Korean-Chinese Bin Jip (3-Iron). It's artistic and surprising, but also to the point and fun.
