Maybe even being a former Moscovite and having an elastic sense of humor may prevent me from putting this film in the "Art House / Festival" trash can. It's not the best movie of the year 2005 and not a complete garbage. It just has a lot of problems. I also sincerely doubt that this film was banned for any "ideological fears," "conservative taboos," or any other reason that the film could be labeled "brave" and "uncompromising" abroad. It was banned because the censors knew that 99% of Russian moviegoers would find it offensive because of the bad taste exercised during the shooting and editing of this otherwise boring film. <br /> <br /> So we have a strong opening shot. Wonderful sound design, excellent conditions - full of meaning and symbolism. The use and placement of symbols will always be the strongest aspect of the movie (not that the number 4 is a frightening visual challenge). In the next 40 minutes we have an equally strong setup. An amusing and well written bar conversation between the three (main) characters, and we feel like pathos for these people, the big country of Russia, the human situation and all that. Then the movie slows down. We begin to wonder what -gund- lies before us. <br /> <br /> The rest is pretty boring. Sure, the guy in the village pulls the hearts and there are some amusing moments. Good sound, sure. But the enjoyment of this movie, not to mention the plot, is seriously affected by the stimulation issues. And this, the lack of a reward for sitting through all the (nicely shot) miserable misery and dire situation, will ultimately make people angry with the "offensive" stuff (personally), the main offensive scene bordering on being lovable pathetic Way harmless drunks can emerge). <br /> <br /> If you want to watch a fun movie in which the Russians are wasted for a long time (the entire movie), look at the peculiarities of the National Hunt. Much more rewarding post-Soviet stuff. Yes, a 4 out of 10 for 4, nice and symbolic of my condition after mediocrity.
