I begin to believe that there is a conspiracy that is all about a lot of money being paid to those who have access to published columns in newspapers, movie and art magazines to make sure that this or that that film, despite its unfamiliarity, will do so. You can reach a higher status through a rating point that marks it with a "universal success" or something within that range. This ensures that unsuspecting people (like me) go to the theaters or rent the damn thing and expect a surprise, just to find myself running to the bathroom in the bathroom. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. It definitely got me to circumvent every published article because it's pretty obvious two things happened: either I did not receive the message that is so hidden under the inner parts of this movie that it's inaccessible, or you and I saw two completely different films that have the same name. 4 is a dirty trick for the audience. It's no wonder it turned up faster and disappeared than you can say "smorsgabord", and despite the rating on Metacritic, nobody has heard of it. It's terrible with sugar above. <br /> <br /> First, there is the ubiquitous number four from start to finish. Although there is a bit of symbolism here and there, it is fine, and in many well-known films, this has been achieved with varying degrees of success, but this movie torments with it. Four dogs at the beginning of the film, looking into the camera in a previously empty street, when suddenly machines fall on the foreground and tear up the asphalt. Four people in a bar, although one of them is not an entity. Three of them go their separate ways but are still connected, not just with what their lives are not. While this concept may work, the film meanders so much - especially with the story of the would-be model played by Marina Vovchenko, which enters the territory of the extremely bizarre and not in a good way - that the initial one Subject is lost in translation. Or, as I said, I just did not understand it. The problem is also that so much time is spent in Marina's story (which refers to her sister's death, bread-making, and subsequent, shrill mourning) that dissolves any interest in the inherent surrealism. What if the same terrible stories that the three strangers exchanged in a bar seem to have their own truth? The director does not invest much time to really tie them together or weave a closer story that could overlap in a David Lynchian way, either with the past-present or within other dimensions, or even as a straightforward secular science. invented story. This is a tough fight against an insurmountable wall that only a saint (or someone strange for comical reasons) could endure.
