MABEL ON THE WHEEL is one of those films with a behind-the-scenes story more interesting than the movie itself. This was Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his apprenticeship year and his first two-wheeler. Here he played one of his last rogue villains (although TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE was to be released for the first time), and it was also one of the last times he worked for a director other than him. In fact, Chaplin's conflicts with director and co-star Mabel Normand almost released him from the studio. Chaplin had not got along with his former directors Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to his The Autobiography, which had to take the direction of a mere "girl", was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel quarreled during the filming of this film. Chaplin was still new to Keystone, and his colleagues did not know what to think of him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was about to shoot Chaplin when he learned that the newcomer's films were coming through and exhibitors wanted more of them as quickly as possible. Chaplin was promised the chance to choose to end this movie as Mabel wanted. <Unfortunately none of these dramas can be seen on screen in MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which looks like a typical Keystone mess. The story is about a car race in which Mabel's Beau (Harry McCoy) is supposed to compete, but evil Charlie and his followers abduct the boy and Mabel has to take the wheel in his place. For all races, brick slings and finger hooks, the film is, frankly, about to laugh, but there are a few interesting points. There are some good cinematographs and cuts in the racing sequence, though there are really no gags, just lots of hectic activity. Chaplin himself looks strange, wears a goat-like beard on his chin, and wears the top hat and frock coat he wore in his very first movie, MAKING A LIVING, but the outfit suits the old-fashioned villains he shows everywhere. At least it's new when he watches how he plays such an atypical role. On the grandstands of the racetrack are such Keystone cartoons as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in a strangely dandicated outfit, and a more characteristic Mack Sennett, who spits tobacco and performs his usual, mindless routine routine. As a performer, Sennett was about as subtle as the films he produced, but you have to give the guy credit: he knew what people liked. These films were very popular in their time. Mack's appearance for MABEL AT THE WHEEL may not be worth much of Mack's performance, but he probably needed to be on site for the filming to make sure his stars did not kill each other.
