Who could have wished for a sequel to Bert I Gordon's legendary trash movie "Food of the Gods"? No one, of course, but director Damien Lee thought it was a good idea anyway and put together a belated sequel that is considered one of the most superfluous movies in horror history. "Gnaw" is just a name extension as the venue was relocated to a typical late 80's location (a university campus) and perfectly illustrates the cheap and cheesy Gore effects of the 80's. This script depends on clichés, terribly written dialogues, and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen from other (and more successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a good scientist who carries out growth experiments on ordinary rodents to please a colleague. Due to some incredibly stupid animal rights activists, the huge and gluttonous rats are fleeing and devouring just about everyone on campus. Following the good old tradition that Spielberg's "Jaws" began, there is a disgusting dean who does not want to admit the problem, although everywhere heavily mutilated corpses appear. During a hysterical grotesque climax, the rats invade the opening ceremony of the campus new sports complex! "Naw: Food of the Gods 2" is terribly bad and therefore a lot of fun! The characters do and say unimaginable stupid stuff (as if they were submerged into the sewer unarmed, knowing that they were infested with rats), the acting is cruel and there is a really bizarre sequence in which the hero has sex under him Influence of growth serum has! I wonder what Freud's theory would mean! There is a satisfying amount of blood and scab and? it has to be said? The music is surprisingly atmospheric. In the event that you can not get enough of this garbage, there are plenty of creatures that turn to mutant rats, such as the Italian blockbuster movie "Rats: Night of Terror," the modest 70s cult movie "Willard" and his Lame Sequel "Ben", the remake of 2003 "Willard" with Crispin Glover and the surprisingly good rat films of the once famous directors Tibor Ticak ("Council") and John Lafia ("The Rats"). Getting crazy!
