After reading the numerous comments on this film, it is clear that there are two types of sci-fi moviegoers. There are those who are well read, extremely educated and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, they know the height to which a talented author can reach them. Science fiction lived for many years in the foundations of literature. As my biggest criticism, it was considered little more than stories about blasting guns and aliens intended for pre-adolescent teens. The well-read fan of today knows this story well and knows the great authors Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison, who have helped bring science fiction out of this basement. They created thought-provoking, intelligent stories that stretched the boundaries and redefined the human situation. These well-informed fans criticize everything Hollywood throws at them. They are not critical for their own sake, but look at each offer with a skeptical look. (As they should, since Hollywood's record was less than outstanding.) For these fans, history must be of the utmost importance. You can not be fooled by eye-catching computer graphics and non-stop action sequences. If the emperor has no clothes, they scream loudest. <br /> <br /> The second type of sci-fi moviegoers has little knowledge of the written aspect of the genre. (Look at many of the comments above that say, "Well, I have not read this author's book or anything ...) All your sci-fi experience comes from movies or the scifi channel, they are very uncritical and want to overlook Huge storylines, weak premises and thin storylines, if they get a healthy dose of wiz-bang action and incredible special effects, they are actually ready to turn off their critical thinking skills (or maybe they never did!) for the duration of the Case I Robot While supposedly based on Asimov's short stories and named after one of his novels, he contains little of what Asimov wrote, much less of what he's been trying to tell us about humanity and our history to tell robotics creations. (Those of you who go out and me, Robot will buy, will be very surprised - this movie is not based nic Watch this story!) <br /> <br /> The film has enormous storylines that in some places reaches the limits of faith, I will not point them out A spoon does not feed you. You must practice your thinking skills and discover for yourself. The characters named after many of Asimov's characters do not have the critical intelligence that was a hallmark of his stories. The plot itself, with all its storylines, stands against everything for which the author stood. His belief that humanity has the ability to solve problems with their minds and not with their fists is crucial to understanding their vision of the future. Unlike the name Isaac is very little in this film. There will always be those who are uncritical (ie inconceivable) and who say, "The film does not have to be like the book, because of the medium, sometimes changes have to be made to the films." But what about a case in which the film never tried to stay close to the book (or books) from the start? What if they had just won the title from their written work? This raises the question: why can you do a great job by hitting the title on the blank dirt? Save money and buy no rights to the works. Title something else. Do not use the names of the characters. Believe me, nobody will accuse you of plagiarism. It does not matter what you call the unseen moviegoer who accepts everything you throw at him. But it will upset those who read, who think, who are unwilling to just give you a pretty light show. <br /> <br /> Me, Robot, like many of Hollywood's genres, is pushing science fiction back into the basement where she lived years ago. Hollywood could not do it alone. It takes an uncritical, unthinking audience to accept the puerile excavator like this one.
