After some surfing the internet I found the DVD series "Homefront" on ioffer.com. Before anyone gets upset, the DVD set I received was burnt by an amateur of home videos recorded by the television 15 years ago. The resolution and quality are bad. The pictures look like you expect old, newly recorded videos. Although the commercials have been cut out, at the end of each episode there are still voice-over announcements for the ABC news show "Nightline," with the top headlines of the early 1990s. Despite the poor picture quality, the shows were good to see and the sound quality was ok. <br /> <br /> The casting of this show was almost perfect. Everyone was believable and really looked that way. Her acting was also above average. The role of Jeff Metcalf is especially well played by Kyle Chandler (last seen in the 2005 King Kong remake). The historic costumes were as authentic as the sets, especially the 1940's kitchens with vintage appliances and décor. The direction was also creative and different for a television program at that time. For example, conversations between characters were sometimes cut with conversations about the same topic between other characters in different scenes. The dialogue of the various conversations was fluid despite the distances between the different characters and places. This requires a good direction and cut and they got it working in this case. <br /> <br /> When I looked at this series again, I suddenly remembered why I had lost interest in it 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients for a good show, the actions and stories are disappointing and confusing right from the start. For one thing, the name of the show itself is completely misleading. When the Second World War ended in 1945, there were no more battles, and obviously there was no "home front" anymore. Curiously, the first episode of the show "Homefront" begins in 1945 after the war ended. It's like shooting the first episode of "Gilligan's Island" to show how the Castaways are being rescued. The entire premise of the namesake of the show is completely lost. I still hoped, with the possibility that the rest of the series might be a flashback, but no, the whole show takes place from 1946 to 1948. In addition, this series fails in any attempt to accurately portray historical events of the late 1940s. In the third episode, it becomes clear that this series was nothing more than a thinly veiled vehicle for an ultra-short political agenda. The show takes place at the River Run Ohio near Toledo. However, the show's continuing racism theme looks more like Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. The ensemble includes Dick Williams, Hattie Winston, and Sterling Macer Jr., who represent the Davis family. Many of the series show that the Davis family is so discriminated against by the evil "whites" that they are ridiculous and utterly absurd, if not ridiculous. The racism card has been played and replayed by Hollywood for over 40 years. We understand it. We are also sorry that our noses are rubbed in daily. The subject of racism is also unpopular with viewers and, like for "Homefront", is the death knell for every show. The theatrical talents of Williams, Winston and Macer were wasted as a stereotypical "frightened / angry black family". The wild exaggerated racism in this series makes it look like everyone in Ohio is a KKK member or something. The racism problem could have been solved in a single episode in this show with a simple punch or a fist fight in which a bigot gets a well deserved thrash and leaves it at that. Dedicating a large part of the series to the racism thing is getting old very quickly and it's just stupid. <br /> <br /> In another ridiculous act, the big boss of a local factory (Ken Jenkins) is portrayed as a Ebenezer Scrooge-like character who is against pensions and pensions and has no worries about acid dripping on his employees , The workers revolt and take over the factory in a blatant pro-communist propaganda message to the viewer. <br /> <br /> I personally believe that this series had great potential. The authors could easily place the timeline in 1941? In 1945, as the title implies, and shown the plight of food and gas rationing and how they worked 14 hours in war factories. Of course, the loss of brothers, sons and husbands struggling abroad would also have added drama. The situation was also perfect for writing to special guest stars as military or USO personnel traveling through the city during their training or on their way to Europe or the Pacific. The possibilities for good storylines and actions are endless. But no, the authors of Homefront (David Assael and James Grissom) completely ignored any relevant or interesting conspiracy. Instead, they have completely missed the point and gone to a bizarre and irrelevant obsession with racism and leftist politics. It would be unfair for the actors to condemn the entire series, but the plots and situations in which they were placed are total garbage.
