Yes, Kazaam is one of those awfully bad movies that almost remember everything that's wrong with not just children's movies but humanity. Here we have Shaq as a jabbering genius, even a RAPPING genius, where he does everything from bad puns to ridiculous outfits, all ending in a Christ-like pose in which a lot of light surrounds him. So, yes, expect really cheesy pieces, including the first wish that a lot of junk food falls from the sky (and unfortunately the two main characters, especially the child, not turn off). What can not be expected is that a movie with a kid and Shaquille O'Neill would be so incredibly grubby! The film's main plot refers to this child being played by the great-grandson of Frank Capra (in which the child angrily yells at his dialogue) in an all-too-common and annoying children's fashion encountering a genius. Who's in a boom box been caught. Then follows "Hiarity," while the boy makes the Shaq genius his quasi-slave as he waits for his last two wishes as he tries to mend his casual gang-type absentee father. <br /> <br /> This really juicy, invented tale of son and dad would be bad enough, because in a million other movies, certain lines were voiced (ie, the "two chances in life" from father to son). But it is Shaquille O'Neill who portrays both the film (ironically) and the obvious reason for the decline. His plot implies that if he is not overly talkative about Capra, he can rap in dialogue and begin his thriving record career. In addition, he also kicked his ass and takes name with the bad guys who want him back in the boom box. So is there a storage factor for the movie? To some extent, but this is even compounded by all the muscular scenes and 'heartfelt' moments that really have nothing to do with the rest of the material. One might ask if the people who made the film were obviously on behalf of the popularity of a BASKETBALL player who wanted to play the Michael Jordan drama, if that was decently entertaining or convincing nearby. I hope that they, too, know that they are only paid. But I would hope even more that they at least felt a little guilty as they fed the Shaq machine. Witzbreaker, the more fun for you. Damn, it might even be interesting to do a Shaq movie night with this and his critically acclaimed Steel. But if you're hoping to keep a few brain cells, stay away from probably the worst movie of 1996 and a candidate among many others for the worst of the 90s.
