To repeat KAZAAM and say that it is a bad movie is not difficult at all - after all, critics at the time he came out fell completely beyond this film - he said he was one of the worst films of the decade ! The fact that I say it is bad or someone else says that it is bad is certainly no surprise. It's like someone is talking about World War II - practically nobody says it was a good thing, right? The question I can not answer to IMDb is, "Why did you do that ?!". For anyone who is not badly injured, it is obvious that the movie would be terrible. But films like ED (a baseball playing chimpanzee), COOL AS ICE (with the beloved Vanilla Ice), TROLL 2 (which does not even include trolls), BABY GENIUSES (Einstain-type superhero babies) and PINOCCHIO IN OUTER SPACE ( huh!?!) Prove that any idea, no matter how stupid, can bring it to the big screen! The idea that the best basketball player of the time plays the main role as the genius of a vile little brat seems almost "normal"! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a child who completes the lockers in the hallway pretty easily. Like the punk of FREE WILLY, this kid somehow gets "misunderstood" (in other words, a total brat), and you know, no matter how selfish and terrible he is, at the end of the movie he learned something and grew. Only once do I want to see a punk kid like this in jail or dead at the end of the movie! Eventually, while the neighborhood killers are in the middle to beat him, the genius Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neal) is accidentally released and insists on giving the brat three wishes. But the child does not believe him AND the magic of the genius seems a bit rusty. <br /> <br /> At some point, the brat recognizes that Kazaam is real. Unlike most other children, however, he refuses to fulfill his wishes. Meanwhile, Kazaam has to follow him everywhere - like his personal servant. According to the cliché, you know that at the end of the film, Max and Kazaam have become lifelong friends and a series of tears is shed. Oh, and Max will have arranged with the fiancee of his deceased father and mother. Apparently, this genius is a bit social worker and a wish fulfiller. <br /> <br /> As far as Kazaam is concerned, Shaquille talks all the way through the movie and even pauses to rap ... very bad. I'm a middle-aged white man and I think I could probably rap at least! He's an amazing basketball player and I've heard he's a nice guy - but a rapper ... no way! As for his acting, he was not so great, but had such a nice personality in the movie that it's hard to hate him - even if they made him do a lot of very stupid things. <br /> <br /> Is the movie as cruel as you've probably heard? In the first two-thirds of the movie, I would have said no. Shaquille seemed to be trying his best with an unlikely kid and a bad script. Later in the film, however, the evil becomes terrible - because Kazaam seems to care too much about himself to help the child when it is really needed. And out of nowhere the conspiracy is really, really funny - when the guy who wants to make Kazaam a rap star (?!?!) Turns out to be a bad gangster! And strangely, this guy seems to accept that Kazaam is a genius without hesitation! <br /> <br /> Also, the last part of the movie is about people trying to kill Max and his father. I know that the kid was annoying, but that's supposed to be a kids movie !! What part of trying to kill the child did not the authors understand?!? In an ending that perhaps the worst children's film in history comes to an end, Kazaam becomes God or something and everything was like a hallucination caused by drugs! This ending was even stupider and stranger than the one in THE BLACK HOLE ... and boy, it hurt my brain !! Uggghh - the terrible dialogue was just too bearable !!! Overall, it's a horrible movie, mainly caused by writers who have been shown to be crazy. Yeah, people, with a dirty message, bizarre stuff, not kid-friendly material and terrible characters, that's a miserable movie. Unfortunately, given the idea and the actor, it is difficult to imagine that the end product will be much worse. If you want to see a genius in a modern, good movie, try the British TV movie "Bernard and the Genius" - a charming and exceptionally well-written film from start to finish.
