This 1996 movie was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre I've ever seen, and when I did that I was appalled. So much of the novel had been left out, and I thought William Hurt was terribly wrong as Rochester. Since then, I have watched all the other noteworthy adaptations of the novel, the three short versions of '44, '70, and '97, and the three mini-series of '73, '83, and 2006, and I've found that there are worse adjustments and worse Rochesters. <br /> <br /> This is undoubtedly the most exquisite adaptation of Jane Eyre to cinematography. Director Franco Zerifferelli indulges in beautiful long strikes of snow falling from the winter sky, the lonely Rochester standing on a rock, and Jane staring out the window - but he's less good at telling a story and characters to the story To bring life to life. In addition, his script only scratched the surface of the novel, leaving out many important scenes. Consequently, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately does not include the humorous side of their intercourse. There are a couple of short conversations between Rochester and Jane, all beautifully staged, but the few phrases they exchange are not enough to show the audience that they are dressing each other. We know that they should fall in love, but we never see it actually happen. The scene in which Rochester wants to find out Jane's reaction to his dilemma by hypothesizing his case after the wounded Mason left the house has completely disappeared, and the farewell scene, the most important scene - the climax - becomes the novel reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli does not make the mistake other screenwriters made when they replaced Brontë's great lines with their own bad spelling, nor are they important scenes that have been completely changed and rewritten, but it does make the less offensive, but equally big Failure to omit many important scenes. All that remains is a glimpse of the novel that does not do justice to Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The cast is a mixed one: while Fiona Shaw is an excellent Mrs. Reed, Anna Paquin's young Jane is more of a naughty, pouting Lolita than a lonely little girl yearning for love. The ever-reliable Joan Plowright makes a very likeable, but too smart Mrs. Fairfaix, and one can not help feeling that Billie Whitelaw should play the village witch instead of the simple and hardworking Grace Poole. However, Charlotte Gainsbourgh as an adult heroine is the perfect choice to play Jane Eyre. With her irregular, strong features, she looks almost 18, thin and frail, and comes closest to my inner vision of Jane than any other actress in that role. And during the first 15 minutes of her screen time, I was enchanted by her performance. Gainsbourgh succeeds in letting the audience guess about the inner fire and the strong will that hide behind the Stoic mask. Unfortunately, the script never allows her to expand on the more passionate and livelier side of Jane's character. Gainsbourgh's portrayal of Jane must inevitably be incomplete and ultimately unsatisfactory as so many scenes have been left out and so many dialogues shortened. That's too bad, because with a better script, Charlotte Gainsbourgh in the '83 version could probably have been as good a Jane as Zelah Clarke. <br /> <br /> But it's still obvious that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane. There is no trace of Rochester in the figure portraying William Hurt. Hurt, who has proven to be a good actor in many good films, must have known that he was physically and typologically so wrong that he did not even try to play the Rochester of the novel. His Rochester is not only blond and blue-eyed, but also a gentle, good-natured nobleman, shy and quiet, a bit strange and eccentric, but basically good-natured and mild. He is far from being insane, moody, and gloomy that the lines that relate to these characteristics sound absolutely ridiculous. In many moments of the film, Hurt leaves a facial expression that wonders whether he is fighting acute attacks of sleeping sickness. Especially in the suggestion scene, he warps like a patient gathering from a general anesthetic and can barely keep his eyes open. If you compare his Rochester with the strong-willed and charming protagonist of the novel, bursting with energy and temperament, it's no wonder many viewers of Hurt's performance are disappointed. Still, he offends me less than the Rochesters in the '70s,' 97s, and '06s, and I would generally rate this Jane Eyre higher than those three others. Hurt obviously had the mind to realize that he could not be the Rochester of the novel, so he did not try it, while George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens thought it possible, but miserably failed, and I'd rather have one character other than Rochester, as a Rochester who is played poorly. And I'd rather watch a Jane Eyre movie that skips many lines of the novel, but does not invent new ones, as a version that uses modernized dialogues that sound as if they were spoken by a current couple in a Starbucks cafe become. Of course, this Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least she is a harmless, which is more than you can say of the adjustments of '97 and 2006. So I would not stop anyone from watching this adaptation: you will not find Jane Eyre, but at least you will find a beautifully made movie.
