When I noticed the cast, I recently watched this movie on TCM and hoped for an undervalued gem as I watch a lot of movies from the 1930's. This is not a gem - not even semi-precious stone. The anachronistic clothes and the Rolls Royce sedan of the 1930s hit you immediately. The casting is also strange. Mostly there are too many dumb and unnecessary plotters. This film contains many good ingredients and a basic plot that is promising, but the components are not mixed according to the right recipe. It just does not come together as it should. And that's a shame. With a few fairly obvious, but minor changes, this could have been a very good movie. <br /> <br /> The film is about an American showgirl (Jean Harlow) looking for a rich British husband - preferably from the nobility. She meets Franchot Tone and his buddy lying in wait in a Rolls Royce owned by his buddy's employer. Harlow falsely assumes that Tone is the master of the Rolls and she targets him. This early part of the film is a light comedy with no real distinction. However, Tone unknowingly reveals the fact that his employer is actually a German columnist on the eve of World War I. This is the moment when the movie completely changes the sound and begins to decay. Tone and Harlow are married, but just as the honeymoon begins, he is shot down by a Mata Hari (Benita Hume) guy, and Harlow escapes with a spectator accusing her of murdering Tone. (Tone recovers from the wounds.) Harlow flees to France, where she falls in love again - this time into a wealthy French Kad (Cary Grant). Clay, now in the army, and Harlow are unexpectedly brought together in Grant's hospital room, where he is in rehab after a plane crash. In the following scene, Tone accuses Harlow of abandoning him because she's basically a gold digger. Harlow never explains that the witness accuses her of murder and her panic! This is one of those unreal movie-plot device failures in history. Then Tone is again brought into contact with the woman (Hume) who shot him. She's on the spot to see her role, Grant, to test the new plane Tone delivered to him from England. Unbelievable, Hume and Tone recognize only weak, but can not say where they come from! Okay, so Tone was shot and nearly died; Maybe his memory is a bit out of balance. But how many men shot Hume to forget one of her signs? (She does not seem to fake the memory loss.) <br /> <br /> This is inexplicable and unnecessary. Hume should have recognized him, but she played it shyly when she realized that Tone could not place her. That would have been a much better treatment of this subject. <br /> <br /> The final is also very unsatisfactory. The film as made was conspired by Tone and Harlow to preserve the reputation of Kadier Grant, which led to his fraudulent burial as a hero. Then Harlow and Tone just go away. It is noble to preserve the perception of the French public of their national war hero, but as a love story very unsatisfactory! <br /> <br /> What the movie demands is this: Harlow explains that she fled in panic in the face of murder charges; Sound forgive her and light her love for her; He then carries a torch for her and helps her manipulate the crash site to save Grant's reputation. In the meantime, Harlow finally acknowledges Grant for the kad he is. After seeing Tone for the brave and noble man he is, Harlow also awakens his feelings for him. At the end of the film, the two reconcile as they work together to manipulate the death of Grant's death. After the funeral of Grant's Hero, we see her hugging and kissing her. That would have made a nice little movie. For Cary Grant fans, it would have been even better if Tone had played the French Kad being killed, and Grant the boring first husband reunited with Harlow is the Irishman living in England, while Cary Grant is cast as a Frenchman. This movie would have been much better if they had reversed the roles. That would have been more conducive to the film, which would have ...
