Has anyone who made this film, especially the director, made any thought for the logic of the plot? These are not plot holes, but plot graves, which get deeper and deeper as we lose all sympathy for the main character and his distress. That is, if you are a friendly onlooker, bravely ignoring the fact of most of the movie that the characters are either servants of the Grave Hole Chart or boring and unlikely. Or, in the case of Downey's & Hannah's characters, apparently superfluous. When thinking about the reason for the existence of Downey's significant movie time in the movie, I decided that either the director had liked his character and unnecessarily extended his screen time (unusual because the director had not changed the script otherwise) or that his character was on the Altar of bad conspiracy should be sacrificed. I leave it to you, which is it. I kept checking the cover of the DVD to confirm that this was really done by credible talent. I can not understand why Robert Altman would accept this job. Certainly he has some power to choose and to choose. Actually, I can not understand why anyone would accept this script, except for a first-time director looking for the experience. <br /> <br /> I suppose Robert Downey Jr. needed the money for his habit. I think Kenneth Branagh wanted a southern accent. I suspect Robert Duvall had only a few pages of the script and thought the role in the isolation sounded intriguing. These are the only motivations I can see that would force good actors to take on roles in this film. Robert Altman went to great lengths to make the movie look awesome. I noticed how he had framed this and that scene, or used the bright orange life-jackets in another scene to draw the movements of the eye, or shot a nice filter to create a certain mood. Usually I do not notice such things in movies because most of the movies I watch to the end engage me with understandable motives for storytelling and interesting characters. I just saw it through to the end, because some ridiculous element of optimism in me looked at the DVD cover over and over and was convinced that there had to be a redeeming factor in this movie because of the talent. <br /> <br /> Nice direction. But that's why I do not watch movies.
