By the way, you can look at this statement in different ways. Above all, it's a mess because of all the cruel and extremely violent scenes. Her wildest ideas do not come close to some of the explicit scenes shown here. Whole parts of this movie are just sick, disgusting, offensive, brutal and bring you close to puke. Well, I love horror movies and I'm very violent, but I think it has to go somewhere !! Is that too much ? Cradle of Fear is just a series of totally sick and twisted thoughts. The "film" consists of four separate chapters, which are connected by an all-around story. This leads to endless signs of torture, murder and illness, only to find out that the victims have something in common. Not very informative if you ask me. And yet - it must be said - the basic idea of ​​action certainly has potential. It's about a cannibalistic hypnotist who has made a deal with the devil to avenge himself and cause misery and death to everyone involved in his trial. Personally, I think this is an interesting topic so you should focus a bit more on it, rather than creating the most disgusting movie of all time. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the entire production of this film was a mess. They did not have much money and spent everything on wrong blood and guts ... tons of !! The acting performances are a joke and some of the worst I've ever seen. All other special effects besides the make-up look very amateurish (like the attempt of a realistic car accident). There is no tension or atmosphere to be discovered anywhere. Not even trying to build one. <br /> <br /> Cradle of Fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least. With death metal icon Danni Filth (from the band Cradle of Dirt..get the link?), This movie is obviously meant for the eyes of twisted teens who are trying to be controversial. Annoyed girls and boys who enjoy disturbing their parents by looking at such crap. And then people keep complaining that the number of juveniles' suicides and delinquency is increasing ... Bah. I can imagine that this movie can do a lot of damage if it is easily influenced or removes an unstable mind. For any horror fanatic, this film is an insult.
