Cradle of Fear <br /> <br /> This is not a movie in which complicated fine little narrative nuances catch our attention. This is not a movie where the special effects are meant to spit out that whoa feeling. What it does, however, is a piece of lo-fi goth horror that leaves little room for the imagination created by director Alex Chandon as a "throwback to the sloppy 70s and 80s horror". <br /> <This is a very visceral experience for two hours in which four plotting lines are linked by a lot of watery blood, tons of dismembered body parts and giblets connected by a retinal ache. <br /> <br /> The supplier of such terrible acts of violence is Dani Filth, the singer of the metal band Cradle of Filth. He plays a role he should play. <br /> <br /> As others have said, there is nothing new in trying to do occult vengeance. In this particular context, a convicted sexual predator and murderer, Kemper, the father of our vicious vengeful angel, forces his son to punish those who have some of them associated with condemning a purgatory in a lunatic asylum. What this for the Chandon, who should also be congratulated for writing and editing this piece, is the opportunity to give free rein to his sick mind. He seems to enjoy the idea of ​​injecting blood into the openings of the screens and into every corner that can be reached. We are also working on close-ups of skull curvature, demonic rape, and other various images to win those who love to experience their horror at first hand. And for some of those who closely follow these kinds of movies, there is a strange sequence in which you might think, "Did I just see what I thought, what I did," because Pretty Woman does that of course. It reminds me of some of the Gore festivals that were created 20 to 30 years ago by Italian horror, and a number of other works in which disgusting images have left their mark, but not the context in which they were viewed /> Story 4 of the set is particularly intriguing when the idea of ​​obsession can ultimately lead to death in the persecution of Internet violence by the "Sick Room", where the user has control over how a life can be robbed. Other accolades should also result in a thumping soundtrack that allows Filth to perform his daytime talents, and an effective use of drums and bass that is often disregarded in filmmaking as a meaningful supporting visualization. The use of the city of London as a background for real people as opposed to film stand-ins additionally supports the command feeling of the film. OK, it can not be classic, but blood, guts, guts, occultism, and demons are in a slightly perverse, unproblematic way.
