I had read a lot of good about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so my expectations were always depressed. However, they were more depressed than expected. The movie would have been a decent movie if I had not read the novel beforehand, which might have ruined it for me. <br /> <br /> In any case, for some reason, they turned the labor camp in Toulon into a full ship of galley slaves. The scene with Bishop Myriel was good. Apart from the galleys, things survived until Fantine's dismissal. Because we do not want bad things to happen to a good woman, she does not cut her hair, does not sell her teeth and does not become a prostitute. The worst thing she does is the mayor's office and spit his face. Bamatabois is completely eliminated. Since even illegitimate children is out of the question, Tholomyes Fantines is a dead husband and not an irresponsible dandy. Valjean is able to pick up Cosette for Fantine before the Champmathieu affair, so they happily reunite, another change. Then comes the monastery, a pretty difficult scene that you can mess up. Luckily it was saved. However, after these three minutes of accuracy, the movie reverts to Classic Novel Butchering. <br /> <br /> As Cosette and Valjean drive through the park, they find Marius speaking at a meeting. About the prison reform. When he comes to distribute flyers to Valjean and Cosette, he says the only line in the movie where I yelled at the TV. "We are not revolutionaries." I could hear Victor Hugo beating in his grave. Of course they are revolutions! You want to revolt against the pseudo-monarchy that is being used in favor of another republic, you dumb scriptwriters! It is a historical fact that in 1832 there was an uprising against the government. <br /> <br /> Once Cosette goes to give Marius a donation from her father for the reform movement and meets Eponine. Except ... not Eponine. Or at least not the eponine of the book. This Eponine seems to be a wealthy secretary who works for the prison reformers (who work at Cafe Universal and not at Cafe Musain). Not to mention that the public does not like her, thanks to her unremarkable, low-cut, tight-fitting dress and her sneaky manners. The Prison Reformers (Leadership by the Worst Enjolras I've Seen EVERYONE) decided that distributing pamphlets is not good enough anymore. So they will build barricades. I do not know about you, but I've never heard that reform movements rip up the streets, build barricades and attack government forces. About three hundred people (it should not be that many) began attacking the National Guard and building a few barricades. Fortunately, Eponine dies for Marius. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is pretty accurate, except that Javert's suicide, with its tiny screen time and odd character interpretation, seems hard to understand. The film ends with Valjean Javert watching him jump into the river. This again is inaccurate because Valjean Javert never drowned. He saved the man's life earlier, why did he let him die now? Then there's the whole skipping of Valjean's confession to Marius, his deterioration, and his salvation on his deathbed with Marius and Cosette at his side. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can blame the script mainly for the issues. I am glad that Enjolras and Eponine were at least present in the film, but they were terribly misinterpreted, as was the entire barricade scene. Eliminating Fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling too pity for her. It's a good deal for Cosette to mess up Valjean's past from the beginning. I did not even see Thenardier, and Mme. Thenardier had only a few seconds of screen time. The same goes for Gavroche. I really liked Frederich March's interpretation of Valjean, which was one of the movie's redeeming features. On the other hand, despite his great acting in other films, Charles Laughton seems to have overlooked Javert's goal. The lips are shaking, the unnecessary screaming and his behavior generally felt very wrong. Like many Javerts I've seen, it did not seem threatening, something that was required of the character. <br /> <br /> Again, this movie would probably feel a lot better if I had not read the book. However, I would not recommend booking purists. I would also say that the film would have been a good adaptation for the time, had not the infinitely accurate French version come out a year ago.
