When I tell people that I talk about movies as a hobby, they first say, "What do you think of such a movie?" There are some problems here. First, there is a probable chance that I have not seen it, and ruin my reputation. Second, I could throw away the film in question without realizing that it really is its favorite. Finally, DVDs could be given to me to watch, so that they can judge my opinion. So I sat in front of "The Convent", a movie that I would totally ignore if I have the choice, but can not escape here. So bad, because this terrible "horror" is about as scary as a box of kittens. <br /> <br /> After clichés have ceased, "The Convent" focuses on a number of American high school students on a journey to a deserted monastery on a mission to be stoned, laid, and mildly frightened. You will never guess what happens next? A group of cannibalistic demonic nuns emerge from the cobwebs, which continue to seek out the children in the classic horror film tradition one by one. Will one of them survive, and more importantly, do not you have better things to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that saves "The Convent" from a total waste of time is the fact that no one really takes this issue seriously, with the exception of Coolio's bizarre cameo as a hyperactive cop with an itchy trigger finger. It's way too amusing to be really scary - the zombie cheerleader who makes chipsmunk noises for no reason, the everyday paint job you see when you become a zombie when someone jumps out and gets messed up. But even if they tried, I still doubt it would work - demonic nuns wearing the make-up you would see in the "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" show are not really scary. The scariest thing about this movie is that more than 10% of voters have reached this point. I mean, I know it's funny, but I hardly split my pages. To be honest, I had more fun with a dentist. <br /> <br /> "The Convent" is not really a horror movie. It's more of a comedy horror like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead", but you laugh about it and not with it. I really can not recommend this to anyone except the cast and crew, but even then I very much doubt that they would enjoy it. I enjoy the genre "so bad that it's good" - I personally believe that if the filmmakers do not bother saving a turkey, then I should not bother to see it. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they really should have gone home and made something more constructive. A magic cube, for example. The DVD box has two price stickers - one for £ 4.99 and a reduced price of £ 3. But it was sold for £ 1 and that should tell you everything you need to know about this poxy, cheap, unbelievably bad movie. I'm sorry if you like it, but "The Convent" is really a bunch of unholy crap.
