Dismal. Schlocky Just awful and terrible. Let's be honest, if you stand there to see something called The Double-D Avenger, do not expect great art or even mild mainstream entertainment. You're probably expecting a cult movie and see some impressive busts. In the video you really do not get any of it. The story that goes with most of these guys is insane: Kitten Natividad runs a local pub, learns she suffers from breast cancer, flies to South America, and looks for fruits that are supposed to be a panacea for disease and overweight human ability , return and fight, dressed as Double-D Avenger, a group from a local strip club that wants to put the competition out of the way. As the stories say, I have seen much worse, but as another reviewer noted, the execution is horrendous. The action sequences lack zipper, drive, motivation and they are thin. Acting is not even really campy and dialogue is the box. Nothing, and I mean, NOTHING is funny from the choppy puns to the brutal boob hints. Anything could be forgiven if the girls could make up for it, but they are all too short. Kittens, Haji, and Raven de la Croix are all older (still beautiful in their own way), but they expose nothing and become antagonists of what they try to be: older, caricature caricatures of their former selves. Instead, they look so lame and desperate - more because of the vehicle in which they play the lead role than because of their own abilities. There are some other lovely ladies, but you really do not see much. PG-13 could definitely be an appropriate rating. The material, the actresses and the director are all tired, boring and outdated - and again - NOT FUN! It was a brutal hour and it was a shame as I had expected some camping and fun. The guy who incidentally plays Bubba was the only real laugh for me. Not that he was good at anything, but every time he opened his mouth, I always thought how horrible he really was. The only point of light here is to see Mr. Sci-Fi himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, playing the curator of a waxworks cabinet and chatting with Frank Frankenstein's growing Frankenstein. Besides being a complete bust, what about another tired, terrible, banal pun!
