I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (who plays the main character Marvin Mange) in this film. He said that he wants to emphasize the physical comedy so much that even if you turned off the volume, you would laugh in this movie. Of course that must be the secret. I turned up the volume. I actually listened to this thing and thought it was a disaster and completely unsteady - a big disappointment after Schneider's hilarious performance in "Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo". <br /> <br /> The story is stupid: Mange is a major loser who dreams of being a police officer who, after a car accident, was arrested by a mad scientist Wilder (Michael Caton) is called, is filled with a pile of animal transplants, and as a result loses control of his animal instincts. "This makes him a" supercop. "He can spy on drugs hidden in body cavities, escape horses, and, of course, he has a bad habit of eating people's cows and trying to seduce their goats, but that It's just a small price to pay, it just did not do anything for me. <br /> <br /> The cast left much to be desired, is there a more irritating actor in Hollywood than John McGinley? Here he plays Sgt Sisk, Manges commander of the police, as a disgustingly cartoonist character (similar to his doctoral figure in the inexplicably popular television series "Scrubs".) I really wanted to take a look at Colleen Haskell's first "serious" acting job (can anything in this film be "serious She has won her fame as the first "survivor" candidate and proves what we have known: she is sweet as a button, which she does not prove here , is that she has a recognizable talent as an actress. And what about Ed Asner as police chief Wilson? I mean, how old is this guy now? He's the size of the cows Mange tried to eat, and he seemed to be out of breath all the way. I'm surprised he made it through the shoot. In the end, there's a short cameo by Adam Sandler (who also acted as executive producer). <br /> <br /> Anyway, I chuckled twice: Mange was playing with his screeching toys in the police car and the scene was with Haskell and Schneider the orangutan - the orangutan has more acting talent! So giggle for two - 2/10.
