After watching the DVD for Christmas 2005, I came here to wave it - but after reading the other comments, I do not have the heart. This is clearly a movie that worked very well for children of a certain age. Well, do not let me be a complete Grinch; it may still work for some children - if they are not too saturated in media and have not been visually over-developed, e.g. from HOTR and Harry Potter. But when you grow up, you stay miles away. You will not enjoy it. <br /> <br /> The good parts: Barbara Kellerman as a witch, especially in her early scenes with Edmund, creates just the right mix of charismatic evil and subdued insanity. (At the Stone Table, she's a bit over the top.) Michael Aldridge, in the minor role of professor, and Jeffrey S. Perry, as Mr. Tumnus, also have the kind of polished, skillful acting we would expect from the best BBC dramas. And the Aslan costume works very well, considering it's amazingly good. They have their eyes just right. <br /> <br /> The bad spots: almost everything else, but two areas in particular. One, the casting. England is full of good actors and contains tens of thousands of attractive British schoolchildren. How could you possibly end up with these four streaks? They move like wooden soldiers and talk about it. Peter has neither gravitas nor charisma (and is significantly shorter than his supposedly younger siblings); Edmund is just whiny; and Lucy ... Sophie Wilcox as Lucy is so dramatic, drastically wrong, that I can not imagine how she got the job. Two, the animal costumes. Again, it seems that they have worked for some children. If the kids are still at a level where Big Bird and Elmo are exciting, believable characters, they might be intrigued by this movie. But to a spectator with the sophistication of a 12-year-old man who has seen Prisoner Of Azkaban? When Mr. Beaver comes out from behind that tree, there will be cruel, mocking laughter. The costumes just do not work - I could not, and I think an adult or modern teenager could not be incredulous if he looked at Mr. Beaver. The later drawn animation (grasping, etc.) works better and is easier to take. <br /> <br /> So: ten stars for very young and tender souls; Everyone else reads or reads the book again and looks at the much better movie that unfolds in your imagination.
