I looked at it a few days ago, so details blur. The film is shot on handheld cameras, and a lot was shot at the time of release because we did not do a lot of studio images that way. I can not help but feel that this was more of a gag than anything else, with the aim of making the audience think that what we see on screen did not have all the compromises that came with one But what we have here is not much more than a not-so-good rip-off of the first half of the Full Metal Jacket, anyone who has seen it or any of the other rip-offs there, will know what to do Expect. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had was the stereotypical characters, with the weedy soft kids from their depths, the tight harmony vocals, the ebonics, the black ones Dudes sprout up, world-renowned sergeants, bitter and twisted psychos, etc. ... all put into situations where there is the greatest friction and tension at any given time - perhaps it was intended to highlight the stupidity and injustice of the situation, perhaps it was laziness . or maybe it was just a committee trying to reach the largest audience. Everything I know is annoying. A novelty was the mix of volunteers and conscripts (where normally all the characters would have been forced into the situation), though only the scenes between the two main characters really matter. This seems to be the linchpin of the conspiracy, with the volunteers coming to their senses, and the committed ones gaining a sense of duty and self-esteem. However, this happens in a rather compulsive and unobtrusive way. The other big mistake I had was how all the characters (except the Psychos and the real softies) definitely inevitable conflict with the first aggression and threats would react of violence that were faced with Farrell's ubiquitous stoicism reasonable and diplomatically , <br /> <br /> I think if I had to find a plus, then it would be the spectacle of the two leads, which was strong and very convincing, considering the formulaic nature of the characters. It is too hard. <br /> <br /> In my imagination, Bozz Zeke was from the Tour of Duty, and for my money, 4 episodes of it would be more fun.
