I am a film student and have been there for several years. And the concept of a cyber, kung-fu, satirical chimpanzee made me ask, "Is this the movie that will break the mold?" Let's face it, America was never disappointed in a movie with a monkey costume. After such great classics as "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In," I thought the best ideas were already taken. But then comes "Funky Monkey". I laughed, I cried, I thought about suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I've read about the obsession of demons in the Bible, but that still does not explain why anyone would create such a product of evil. First of all, when I had a bit of intelligence, I realized that a chimpanzee was indeed a monkey and not an ape at all. However, I was sure that the filmmakers would further clarify this issue in the film. They did not do it. Let me summarize this artwork: a company called Z.I.T. has decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think they mention something about the soldiers who work for bananas, but if it cost an estimated $ 13 million in government money to train a chimpanzee, this does not seem to be economical. Well, Z.I.T. Bring in a CIA Specialist (Matthew Modine) to train Clemens (The Chimp). Clemens is all Z.I.T. hoped. He can eliminate a whole bunch of guards, all of whom seem to have acquired their training skills at the local mall, and still remind us that we're watching a children's movie. As you may have guessed, Modine finds out that Z.I.T's intentions can be evil (gasp!) And decides to break Clemens. As a CIA agent, Modine knows it's best to get lost in a big city, rent a guest room, appear on television regularly, fight crimes, and pay by check. <br /> <br /> ZIT finds out where Modine is and sends two of her best to get him. These guards may be the best comedy team since Martin and Lewis, or were it Turner and Hooch? It does not matter, because in the end, the good guys win for a damned end !!! Yay! Hurray for predictability! Throw a nerdy kid who's learning to be himself, a lonely mom who needs a date, and music montages that include songs that were even black-outed by Radio Disney, and you get "Funky Monkey." The highlight of the film? A football match! Played by thugs, thugs, a chimpanzee and the nerd boy. Nobody seems interested in such substitutions in a high school football game. Funky Monkey never lets up! It is edge of your seating entertainment. Some even call this the "American Beauty" of monkey-filled features. After completing this epic, I remembered a story about a railroad worker who lost much of his brain function when a metal rod pierced his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey is a metal rod among the movies.
