A friend once told me that an independent art-house movie was in a movie theater when the audience was so angry after completing the movie that they wanted to tear open the cinema seats. Of course my imagination was amok and tried to summon the content of such work. Well, my imagination can be quieted. <br /> <br /> I am a lifelong fan of Andrei Tarkovky and a passionate admirer of his work. I came across many people who thought Tarkovsky's films were slow and lethargic. In my opinion, these are not the wonderful works of the late director, which are edited with meanings, beautiful compositions and complex philosophical questions. When I heard that Aleksandr Sokurov had called the Tarkovsky heir, I was excited to see his films. <br /> <br /> With the exception of the field trips (stalker), this movie has no relationship with anything Tarkovsky did. It does not seem to have the slightest meaning, even on a completely mindless level. It is allegedly "gloriously strong" that cinematography does not contain any compositional skills. There is no balance, no relationship, and the light meter seems almost empty in the frozen snow. The protagonist is so incapable and indecisive that you wonder if his father might still be alive if he had earlier decided in several non-linear ways. But there is not even a non-story here. You certainly have to go through the film with a shaved head if you leave the film with nothing won and lost, as tearing your hair is the only possible answer to a tempo that makes a Tarkosky-era sculpture look like Jerry Bruckheimer shot a Charlie Chaplin short film. <br /> <br /> I can not deny that this may be one of Sokurov's stinkers (Tarkovsky's Solaris), but to conclude that he is one of Tarkovsky's heir to this movie would make Paris Call Hilton the successor to Aristotle. Come on, boys, do not be afraid to say it. No great number of impressive words will magically bring this celluloid corpse back to life. I do not pretend to fully understand Russian culture, and I probably do not have Russian values, but I immediately understood Tarkovsky's work as something magical, treasure, and gift to the audience. If it was Sokurov's name was not there, and it was played, say, Saturday Night Live. I'm pretty sure nobody would "read" this great analysis into this wet noodle of a movie.
