When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this epic novel that was filmed, I was intrigued. Since I'm a fan of the book, I assumed that she would play Tony, Roz, or Charis, but I was intrigued to see them turning this very heady, almost psychological (but not psychological thriller) novel into a movie which is accessible to those who have not read the novel and that would be at least slightly satisfying for those who did it. The book is a complex reflection of society, women, and modern life, and I was curious to see how they used the three different narratives that lead to the story unfolding in a movie. What they actually did was a crime. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake and the most confusing problem is why Oxygen, a network that identifies itself as a woman, should take an amazing book on how complex, wonderful and terrible women are and can be the protagonist of 3 Women become a stupid former police officer who has no real motive for the story? It seems that the person who adjusted it found an easy way out by using this guy to ask Roz, Tony, and Charis directly how they knew Zenia, and they pounced on the book. That's how they messed up the story and cut everything that's great about the characters, except that the audience had no credibility to connect with. In the film, these women are not people, but characters. <br /> <br /> In the book Zenia forgets her death, but the book mentions it to convey this point, while the film 30-45 wasted minutes in which he focused on this former policeman who was walking around and nothing good. They tried to make this complex book a series of Law and Order or CSI. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Mary Louise Parker played Zenia, which was SO wrong. Zenia is a Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie or maybe even a Scarlett Johnasson guy. She is a woman that men can not love, and a woman who fascinates and threatens women, but in a way "keep your enemies closer." And as she gets closer, despite her better judgment, she is absolutely sincere and trustworthy. She is the kind of woman who wins, even if she loses. She is still beautiful and rich, and there are still people who do not know her game. <br /> <br /> In the film, Zenia did not take Charis' husband (the blond American fool who used Charis in the first place ...), but instead tried August and became her legal guardian (and apparently came back to be her lesbian lover as a dwelling kiss in the coffee shop implies). And Zenia killed the chickens before she left with August, but it did not make sense because the entire structure was removed. It was as if the person writing the script grabbed straws to satisfy those of us who read the book. But if I had not read the book, I would have spent the whole movie confused if I had taken care of it all. <br /> <br /> And Roz's husband was dead before Zenia came into the picture (which was strange since Zenia Roz's business and home life had been in the book, which is why Roz hated her so much) and she and Zenia had conspired to kill Roz's husband years ago. And according to the movie, Tony and West had been together forever ... even at the party where Zenia and West (in the book) painted the whole place black, and they made Tony look like he was totally and evil, bitchy). Person who has always been respected and loved by everyone because of her intelligence. Tony's character was so wrong in this movie ... She seemed a bit psychic and like the mastermind behind what was always conspiring, as opposed to the kind of moronic, reclusive teachers she had in the book. The movie basically implied that smart women are evil, beautiful women are evil, powerful women are evil, and women who teach yoga have come out of their rockers. <br /> <br /> They basically tried to do it, so Zenia was not necessarily as horrible as she was in the book, and finally, the three women persuade this former policeman (who, of course, meets up with Zenia in the search and has an affair with her that ends with the move to Barbados or something ridiculous, which Zenia naturally uses to hide Zenia's body (which she found flat in the hotel she was in, but the movie points to it that one of the three women pushed her over the balcony or conspired together to do it ...) and then Zenia also managed to take all of Roz's money in. At the end of the film, I was only half past Respected half between the commercials, because it was as far out of space as it could have been and should be. <br /> <br /> If you are not confused about the breakdown of the movie, then you might like it because of me the book g and I saw the movie, and from the film alone, I am ridiculously confused. It was terrible. I understand that making a movie out of this book is quite a task, but if you take on the task, you should first find out what is not necessary in this book rather than create a useless character that is to be our Alice in Wonderland , <br /> <br /> Are not there really any fluffier books, of which Oxygen could make at least half of decent TV movies?
