If I had never read the book, I would have said it was a good movie. BUT I have read the book. Whoever wrote the screen ruined the storyline. There are so many changes that the title was not really earned. Sign changes, plot changes, timeline changes ... <br /> <br /> Who was Henry and the investigator first? They were not in the story. Henry had something of Mitch, but Mitch was not a cop. No, you did it, Roz, helped to sink his body, and used that as a blackmail from Zenia against Roz. The actual so-called blackmail was that Roz thought Zenia was sleeping with her son and wanted her to move away from him. Her son was also blackmailed for hiding from his mother as Gay. Her son was not even mentioned in the story. I do not think it was his lover, Roz's secretary either. Tony and West were not together at the beginning. He was actually first at Zenia during college. The black painted apartment was her idea, Tony just went to visit. This is where Zenia and Tony meet, becoming fast friends. Tony hides her love for West. Then Zenia headed west, with cash from Tony, then West and Tony got together. At some point marry, at some point leaves West for a short time again for Zenia. Just to have the heart broken again. Then go back to Tony. Zenia's blackmail for Tony was that Tony had written a test paper for Zenia. As a college professor, she did not want to let it out. I'll say that the character who played Tony did it wonderfully. Charis's character was blond, not that it really matters. Zenia did not betray her when she was alive. No, she was there when Charis had a lover named Billy. Augusta's father, he was a daredevil in the Vietnam War. After all, Charis has been taking care of Zenia's withdrawal from drugs for months. Zenia and Billy have an affair right under the nose of Charis and take care of both. Zenia then turns to the government in Billy and continues by ferry. Not with Augusta, Charis was pregnant with her. Charis also had a split personality, Karen was her real name. <br /> <br /> Zenia did not die from being cut to pieces and ended up in a well. She had almost pure heroin in her blood and it was likely that she took some ignorance and fell when she got OD. She also really died of cancer this time. <br /> <br /> It showed none of the childhood memories or anything the characters loved the reader. The book was bared to the bone. Then again in a different vision. Why could not you just write your own story of how you made the film? It was different enough and I'm sure it could have been more.
