* Attention - no plot spoilers, but movie spoilers anyway ... * My boyfriend rented this for me and thought it would be a great romance with an all-star cast. Wow - very, very wrong. This film is an exaggerated, overworked and sentimental apology for releasing a student film 15 years after the shoot! The copyright date on the box was 2005, but during the very first flashback sequence, I looked at the clothes and hairstyles that should have been in the early 1960s, noting that especially the girls wore dresses and hairstyles from the late 80s / early 90s , It looked as if it had been filmed a good 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried to calm down that it was a flashback and therefore should look old, but it looked like it was the '60s or even the 21st century trying to be' 60s ... then an adult employee of the main character emerges and he looks like the boy seen in the Flashback sequences (though it's another, much older character whose youth can be seen in the flashbacks). I was completely confused until I saw the peculiarities of the short film - it was all flashback sequences that were shot in 1990 as a complete student movie with the same title as this movie! It also contains a commentary that covers the little boy who is all grown up (and indeed the colleague in the 2005 scenes). Therefore, this film is just a cover of a story woven around an old, newly cut student film that serves as an obvious excuse to bring it to the theater runtime. The Shell story, filmed in 2005, is about a man who has lost his wife and finds healing and salvation in the dance class that he promises to a dying man he will visit in his place (something about a promise made by the dying person) in the early '60s, to his girl they would meet on the "fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium" - an excuse to shoot the segments around the old movie in 2005?) These new scenes and actions might have been his OK, apart from the terrible, overly sentimental score that repeats itself in almost every new scene to the end, and the cliché that pervades the new film. Do not bother familiar occupation - it's terrible.
