In the end, I saw this whole (very long) movie because I was fascinated by stupidity and naivety. It seems hard to believe that so many celebrities (Anthony Quinn, Lawrence Olivier, John Gielguld, Vittorio de Sica, etc.) had volunteered to participate in this farce. But maybe in 1968 people were so naive? The plot seems to have been written by a confused Marxist priest from Latin America with an agenda. There is a superpower conflict, and the Russians are actually the good guys. The Secretary General of the Communist Party is a nice and spiritual man who suddenly sees the light after 20 years and feels compelled to relieve his guilty conscience by releasing a prisoner priest from a Siberian gulag. The priest then promptly becomes a pope by a series of coincidences. We are allowed to see the Vatican secret Vatican Voting process presented in a most pious form you can imagine. Meanwhile, the communists in China reached the usual socialist economic miracle, starving their half to death. To solve this little hick-cup on the relentless road to communism, they want to start a nuclear war (to distribute the western capitalist riches fairly to the poor workers of China). Our Good Old Comrade General The secretary is a little worried and calls the pope shortly before his coronation to ask him to mediate the peace. They meet with Chinese comrade Peng, who looks and behaves like a 15-year-old boy. They will roll on the floor and laugh at how people held the Chinese in 1968. Comrade Peng demands that the Western capitalists pay (which is logical, capitalists do not always have to pay for the insanity of the socialists?) And that the pope must also sacrifice something for the usual altruistic cause equality and social justice. When the Pope is crowned in Rome, he promises the whole wealth of the Catholic Church worldwide to feed our poor Chinese brothers in Christ. And so he saves the world from the nuclear holocaust. <br /> <br /> Apart from that, there are also some smaller deals that unfortunately do little to save this incredibly bad movie. I would give three Oscars for stupidity. By the way, Anthony Quinn looks unlikely as Pope. He is much more plausible than Zorba, the Greek.
