And I repeat, please do not see this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets the record for the worst, most effortless comedy ever made. At least for most recent comedies, the gags are crude and shallow, but the writers and directors at least try to make fun of them. I never tire of repeating one of my favorite mottos: everyone thinks he can do comedy, and only 10 percent of them are right. Comedy is tough! This is not a genre any fool can play with. I find it terrible that the filmmakers compare this dump with "Kentucky Fried Movie". Basically, these Bozos compare their so-called comic talents with those of the brilliant Jim Abrahams and the Zucker Brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauly Shore movies that are ten times funnier than "The Underground Comedy Movie." Here is an example of the comedy for those who want to watch this movie: A sketch shows a superhero dressed like a penis named D ** kman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by splashing them with seeds. That's it. That's the whole joke. Impressive. This is enough to roll Carrot Top with his eyes. Another sketch refers to a man who has sex with a dead man in a porno movie. And in another sketch, there's a bag-lady beauty contest where we're exposed to the terrible sight of middle-aged bikini-clad women with beer intestines and stretch marks. In addition, it is rather sad than funny to make fun of the homeless. It's a step away from mocking the mentally disabled. The whole movie is supposed to be a satire. I think the filmmakers have forgotten that a key element of satire is TRUTH !!! For anyone who has really enjoyed this crap, tell me what's true about these gags! Some sketches may have sounded funny on paper, but anyone who has attended screenwriting lessons knows that a sight gag on the paper sounds too funny and probably will not be funny on screen. If I tell somebody about a big, black, muscular gay maiden up for the right man, he or she would probably laugh. However, if you observe the premise that is played on the screen for about 10 minutes, this is an absolute resistance. I hate it, as always, when people criticize a weird comedy that it's not funny, they are considered stuck squares. I recently saw White Chicks. This is another low, politically incorrect comedy, but I laughed out of my head. The most offensive on "The Underground Comedy Movie" is that it's not funny! What the authors and directors do not understand is that just dirty and tasteless work does not work. There has to be more! Just think of the famous scene from "Crazy for Mary" (ironically, the Bozo filmmakers put the Farrellys on their special thank-you list). The joke about the seed was not just funny, because it was body fluids. There was an accumulation. Ben Stiller masturbated in the bathroom to make sure he was not going on a date with a "loaded gun". Then he looked around to see where the seed was going after his release. A knock is on the door and he has to answer. His date, Mary, is at the door, and then it's announced that the seed is hanging on Ben's ear. In this movie, there are several gags in which characters are spattered with sperm, without causing an accumulation. As Jay Leno always says, "This comedy is not that easy, is it?" Remember Vince Offer because you were not created for this genre !! The only reason people might laugh about these jokes is because they want to feel hip. Let's face it, today it's time to laugh at the politically incorrect. I know that comedy is subjective ... but this movie should not be funny to anyone except the filmmakers. By the way, the film must have been filmed before Michael Clarke Duncan's fame in movies like "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile." There can be no other reason why an actor of his caliber volunteers for this amateur freak show. All others in the cast are either non-actors, former actors or B-movie stars. Karen Black made a good impression in "Five Easy Pieces", but I do not think she has done anything valuable since then. Slash was probably brought to life in this film. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baywatch". Angelyne is the movie's biggest star (considering Duncan was not famous at the time), and there's probably still a lot of people who have not heard of her yet - for a reason. Usually I support extremely cheap stages, but it deserves to drift into the dark. I hope to Lord that this is not a cult classic! Should not there be a law against distributing crap?
