First of all ... with names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent as well as distributors like "Rhino" and "Troma" on the video box, you know what you're getting into. B movie madness! If you're really looking for a thriller based on Edgar Allan Poe, forget it and head to the great series of Roger Corman 60s Poe movies. This is a pure, unadulterated sleaze (pedestrian-only on a property similar to the "Premature Burial"), complete with lots of R-Rated, ready for video sex and nudity. However, it is definitely entertaining and fun ... Brinke (who has three nude scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays the rich, traumatized, sleepless housewife Victoria Monroe, whose fear of being buried prematurely stems from her faith that the same fate has befallen her father (Hoke Howell). Her worthless husband Terry (Jay Richardson) has paid some serious gambling debts (owed to a gangster played by Robert Quarry) and, with the help of his kinky, blonde sex secretary with a European accent, the Lisa (Delia Sheppard) plans Brinke for your money. Renowned actress Karen Black briefly wears a blonde wig as a hypnotist (she's too talented to play an insignificant role like this one), science fiction star Robert Clarke of the '50s plays a doctor and a family friend, and Michael Berryman shows For a decent nightmare sequence, which performs an autopsy on the surviving Vicki. Jan-Michael Vincent usually sits in front of a house in his car and makes goo-goo eyes when Brinke enters and leaves the house. Millions of times before, the end was an unintentional laugh-riot (ending with a direct rip-off of the Zuni-Fetish-Doll Segments in TRILOGY OF TERROR) and whoever created the dreadfully pricked face and the beheaded head FX for this release needs to focus on them a bit. Brinke does a decent job and makes her character somewhat sympathetic, but the biggest surprise is how well the former Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard is in her role. She stole every scene she was in, and she's easily shown the excellence here.
