Prove why there are conventions in Hollywood. Stale dialogues, underdeveloped and flat characters and a disjointed plot are just a part of the problems of this gangster classic. An attempt to be daring and different, but this seems to be a collapsed attempt to restore the magic of Bonny and Clyde by Arthur Penn (1967) and Butch Cassidy by George Roy Hill and the Sundance Kid (1969) - truly innovative Filmmakers and films - but well below the bar. Problems with self-explaining storylines lead to the need for a voiceover to explain the problem sections. Editing again appears to be an attempt to duplicate the previous classics, but is occasionally disconnected and technically causes more problems for me. Unnecessary shots are used to justify filming but would have served the viewer better when sitting on the floor of the cutting room. Stills, black-and-white montages, and historical music are thrown into the litter from time to time to either be different or to cover up scenes that can not pass well, or to replace scenes that just do not work and remind of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969). <br /> <br /> Excessively dramatic pauses between sentences, random shots of ambient scenes not needed for storytelling, and exaggerated spectacles of bitplayers and supporting actors reminded me of the backyard camcorder directors of the late 1980s - I wondered who had been responsible for this film during production and post production. Playing music in most two shots and close-ups and then suddenly stopping in wide strikes emphasized a too weak score. No sound editing was dramatic, as the main part of the film was shots, doors, steps, and dialogues (a style used by new directors in the late '60s through the mid-'70s), but lacked background noise, rendering it artificial worked - especially the tires squeaks on dirt roads. In my most honest opinion, the biggest problem of all is that there are no "sympathetic" characters for whom the audience can find a route and were not seen as the protagonists of the story. Neither the gangsters nor the lawyers were characters I wanted to win, and both were not focused on the "hero" - a necessity for a story to work for me. We know from the Penn and Hill films who the "heroes" are. Although they are criminals, we like them and want them to get away. I could not care less about who was on the screen in this movie. I had the impression that John Milius was attempting to publish a not historically accurate supporting documentary about the events surrounding John Dillinger's life from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). To be fair, there are some moments of good, solid storytelling, moments that come out brightly from the dark and gloomy canister in which this movie sits. John Milius is grateful for future films in which he does not seem to be trying to "copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a total waste, as many stars and famous faces on the verge of breaking out are involved in this directorial debut on a large budget, but wait for a classic movie channel instead of spending or buying money for rent. <br /> <br />
