Once again, I've seen a movie made by people who do not know anything. I recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson. Now I saw Dillinger and had it. <br /> <br /> This movie is garbage. I do not know how someone who is wise can compare this to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This movie is anything but a classic. Someone called it brilliant. That's crazy to say. This movie can not clarify any facts and has the worst casting I've ever seen. I do not know whose stupid idea it was to cast Warren Oates as John Dillinger. At first he does not look like him. Second, John Dillinger was 31 years old when he was killed. When Oates did that, he was 45! You could even say he's older than the real Dillinger if you just look at him. He was not only too old, but also Ben Johnson as Melvin Purvis. They show Baby Face Nelson dying, then Homer Van Meter and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before both. The last one to die from the three was Baby Face Nelson. The writers not only do not know when they died, nor do they know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after he fled in a bathrobe from Little Bohemia. Homer Van Meter was not killed by farmers with firearms. Homer Van Meter was cornered by police in St. Paul and gunned down with machine guns. Another member of the Dillinger gang, Harry Pierpont, is shot dead by the police in this film. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was captured and sentenced to die in the electric chair. I'll go over what happened to Baby Face Nelson in my review of Baby Face Nelson, so I will not go into that again here. Let me add that Richard Dreyfuss's portrait of Baby Face Nelson is pathetic. There is a scene in which he attacks Dillinger and then gets hit hard. While Dillinger hit him, he cried like a baby and screamed, "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger never fought. Maybe Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's bank robbery methods, but they never fought. Nelson never cried like a little girl while he was beaten. They call him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never known in his life under this name. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black man who escaped with Dillinger from prison was Herbert Youngblood, but in this movie he is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius knows nothing. Where the hell did John Milius get his information? I could probably make a better movie than him. <br /> <br /> After all, the way John Dillinger dies is outrageous and inexcusable. The film shows how Dillinger goes out with the Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette from the biographer. By the way, Billie Frechette was not even there that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis yells, "Johnny!" Dillinger pulls out his gun and gets blown to hell. It's been proven that Dillinger had no weapon that night. The FBI gave him no chance to surrender, and as soon as he was in sight, he was blown away. They did not even have to shoot him. They were so close that there was powder on his face. It was murder. They also say that the man who was killed that night was not John Dillinger. Can you imagine that after the murder of civilians in Little Bohemia, the FBI reported that they had just killed an innocent innocent man? The weapon she allegedly had on Dillinger was also made after Dillinger's death. I could go on with how the man they killed was not John Dillinger, but I'll stop here. If you want to know more, read it here. <br /> <br /> Check out the Dillinger version with Lawrence Tierney if you want, but do not waste time on this inaccurate piece of trash movie.
