David Mackenzie's successor to the brilliant boy Adam wants to be a repressed story of a lonely voyeur trying to confront some of his psycho-sexual problems with his dead mother. It wants to be tough, realistic and mysterious. At the same time it wants to be funny and unconscious when it establishes itself as an adult. <br /> <br /> To do this, the film tries to be young. The poster has hand-drawn letters that look like Junos. His original soundtrack is fast indie rock, trying to convince the audience that Hallam is alright. just a bit misguided. But strangely, the movie is anything but teen. <br /> <br /> Like Young Adam, this film is about a drowned woman - in this case Hallam's mother. The young Adam keeps his secret calm, thoughtful and goes well enough to meet you with the truths when they come. Hallam Foe does the opposite. It emphasizes the psychosis of his character so clearly and early that he never does anything outside of his expected parameters. The opening scene is Hallam in his tree house prying his sister around with her boyfriend. Hallam quickly interrupts his presence in the household. Here's what Hallam will do for the rest of the movie. The secret to his mother's drowning is whether it is suicide or murder by his father's girlfriend. Audiences can never really trust Hallam, because we're not only scary but also believe that his obsession has led him mad. This hampered the mystery to me because Hallam is too sporadic to be understandable. As soon as he finds some clues that support his claim, he runs away from home. At first it seems he is looking for the police. Then he is extremely distracted by a girl who resembles his mother, which frustrates the story away from the mysterious element. <br /> <br /> While Jamie Bell produces some very loveable traits in his lost character, he was limited by the obviousness of his psychological needs. This film is by no means mysterious, but not dull. It tries to be realistic about such issues, but adds a very self-confident spunk that registers itself as the opposite. It is intended for a tonal-heavy Trainspotting attitude that helps the audience root a protagonist, scale buildings, select locks, and pitch tents for voyeurism reasons. Hallam's urban Peeping Tom adventures are far too difficult for an inbound compatriot, and they are not sexy, dizzy or enjoyable. They are more neutral than anything else; do not push the character or the story. Mackenzie lets you understand Hallam, but he does not manage to create something in common. <br /> <br /> He expects you to enjoy Hallam's trials and tribulations without much ideological justification. The film depends on the perspective of the audience, which refers to voyeurism or the type of person who deals with it. Obviously, most people would be disgusted by it. And Hallam Foe realizes that, but it does not allow Hallam to weigh the morality of his decisions. He goes from person to person and tries to fill his deep emptiness. There is one particularly disturbing line from Hallam's love interest, Kate, in which she drunkly says, "I love scary guys," and maybe asks the audience to do the same. The line tries to sense her understanding of him (her motivation remains consistently vague) and tries to prevent us from judging him. It's not hard to like Hallam, but it's hard to take part in your adventure - if it's an adventure at all. Meanwhile, the film tries to use its flamboyant soundtrack to mask its indecisive mood. <br /> <br /> Great performances will be impacted by a movie with a weak third act, a muddy development and an unnecessarily ambiguous orientation from Mackenzie. Recently, this movie was renamed for a US release, and for what reason? Not only is it unsightly, but the hard truth is that the Hallam character never deserves the title "Mister."
