Anyone who visits Drive-Ins in the 1950s, 60s, and 70s must have seen a movie or two from American International Pictures, a distributor reminiscent of the 1980s giant Cannon Films. Wherever moviegoers dared, AIP was always there for the latest hottest titles - in the 50s came horror films like "Voodoo Woman" and "The Undead;" In the 1960's there were Frankie Avalon-Annette Funicello beach comedies and biker flicks like "The Glory Stompers"; and in the 1970s AIP released garbage such as "Cannibal Girls" and "Sugar Hill" at Grindhouse level. <br /> <br /> "Dillinger", published in 1973, is one of the 'Highbrow' AIP efforts capturing the true spirit of the drive-in movie; It's one of those uneven, exaggerated flicks that satisfy the thirst of the masses for entertainment, craftsmanship and common sense. Overall, "Dillinger" is typical of his time: entertaining and worth a few hours, but in no way memorable. "Dillinger" was a strong actor and little active and historical fact. Screenwriter and director John Milius ("Magnum Force") was a fair attempt, but left room for improvement in his long career. <br /> <br /> The 109-minute "Dillinger" Epic for AIP's Reach follows FBI Midwest Chief Chef, Melvin Purvis, from Oscar winner Ben Johnson. Purvis was the investigator who sought revenge on four FBI agents who had been killed in 1933 in Kansas City and helped gangster Frank Nash escape justice. In general, the men who planned the outbreak included bank robber John Dillinger (Warren Oates), Pretty Boy Floyd (Steve Kanaly), and psychopath Baby Face Nelson (Richard Dreyfuss). Dillinger eventually teamed up with Floyd and Nelson to take Homer Van Meter (Harry Dean Stanton) and Harry Pierpont (Geoffrey Lewis). He also joined Billie Frechette (Michelle Phillips), a prostitute of French and Indian descent. In 1933 and 1933 "Dillinger" was basically a chase film. Purvis' Entourage wanted to kill and kill the men wanted by J. Edgar Hoover. <br /> <br /> 'Dillinger' has a sense of documentation, listing dates and locations, while Johnson provides loose portraits as Purvis. Milius preserves an honest depression look with authentic fashion, cars, weapons and buildings. He also scatters black and white photography and stock footage of gangster shootings. The movie never gets boring and moves at a fast, if random, pace. The action scenes are Dillinger's strength, which Fred Feitshans Jr has worked on with great skill in his last professional career. Thousands of empty ammunition cartridges must have been used for this film, not to mention explosives. This movie is definitely not for squeamish people, as people are shot everywhere and fall over dead. While the violence is unfounded, it does provide some understanding of the chaos that has brought organized crime into American life. <br /> <br /> This movie never exceeds its exploitation status because the required writing is simply not there. John Milius, a bit overrated as a filmmaker, puts far too much emphasis on action. The action scenes (mostly bloody shootings) are impressive and comparable to all the important crime films of their time, including "Bonnie and Clyde" from 1967. But we just do not learn much about Dillinger and his gang members as humans; The vital relationship that develops between Dillinger and Frechette is barely touched. The couple meets in a bar during a scene and only sounds like a lover ten minutes later. Melvin Purvis also seems to go in and out of the story and only becomes a prominent figure if Milius does not have to dissolve the film. Too often, the film gets a shooting figure, if its characters could be explored in detail. Apart from that, the main crime of the picture is the ignorance of the historical fact. While many say that 'Dillinger' is just a movie, it's movies like this one that creates fables and makes them permanent. Those who are familiar with gangster history will point out that John Dillinger was not the last of his ring to die. Milius' script and the documentary style of the film make us believe. In fact, Dillinger died before Baby Face Nelson and Homer Van Meter; It was also said that he had no weapon with him on the night of his death, nor did he have Billie Frechette in tow. Although these inaccuracies could cause a lot of drama, there is no reason why Milius could not have stuck to the facts and made a great story about it. <br /> <br /> Warren Oate's performance as Dillinger is pretty good, though he sometimes looks unconvincing. Oates is humorous and beautiful, as Dillinger was consumed by his larger-than-life image in the American press. However, we never really feel the threat he has caused in his life. Ben Johnson gives Purvis some life, polite but rather flat. Michelle Phillips gives emotions to Billie Frechette's character and it is a pity that Milius's script did not refine her relationship with Dillinger. We never know what she has attracted to a cold-blooded murderer, except for the stereotype of a carefree girl who is attracted by men in danger. The supporting roles with Kanaly, Dreyfuss, Stanton, Lewis and a short-acting Cloris Leachman are acceptable for such a talent. <br /> <br /> As a piece of the 1970s exploitation, "Dillinger" damned the retail outlets. That's where I bought MGM's DVD release for $ 4.99. The movie is nice in widescreen (a must-have for drive-in flicks) with subtitles in French and Spanish. Dillinger's theater trailer will be delivered as a single cost supplement. Largely forgotten, except by gangster movie fans and drive-in fans, the movie does not need much other than supplemental material. For fans of the genre it is certainly worth a visit. <br /> <br /> ** from 4 <br /> <br /> Roving Reviewer - www.geocities.com/paul_johnr
