What about Dahmer's childhood? The double hernia operation that is supposed to have triggered his obsession with the internal processes of the human body? What about "infinite land"? - The game he had invented as a kid, where stickmen were annihilated when they came too close, hinted that intimacy was the ultimate danger. What about the relationship between his parents and his mother's emotional problems that were far more relevant than just his own relationship with his father? His feelings of neglect when his brother was born? What about his fascination with insects and animals? How would he disassemble Roadkill and hang in the woods behind his house? How about if he focuses more on his cannibalism? And what about the divorce of his parents? These are all things that should be included in the movie. Instead, the filmmaker decided to make us a watered-down "snapshot" of one or two nights in his life, and combine that with a series of confusing and sometimes unnecessary flashbacks to events that were not particularly relevant to our understanding of Dahmer. <br /> <br /> Why did not the filmmaker show how Dahmer was interested in people as objects rather than humans? He could have repeated this point many times, especially in the scenes where he drugged his victims while having sex with them (which actually took place in a health club instead of a nightclub). Instead, he just shows him how he rams her from behind. <br /> <br /> Although I know that there is just so much information that you can stuff in 90 minutes (or for how long), why spend so much time filming his relationship with Luis Pinet studied? (known in this movie as Rodney). My guess is that the director was trying to build up Pinet's character, to scare us, or to empathize with him, but this film is about Jeffrey Dahmer, why he could not have spent those forty-five minutes on something else? If the scene and their relationship were important enough to justify such a time, that was fair, but that was not the case. The scene in which he kills Steven Hicks, his first victim, is an important part of Jeffrey Dahmer's story because it was the first murder and because of the impact of the killing on the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the film does not explain that it was his first murder or that he did not kill again for nine years. We assume, because his hairstyle is different and he wears glasses, that this is a flashback, but until when? And why? <br /> <br /> What about the shrine he made in his living room towards the end of his career? One of the most important clues we have for understanding Dahmer and his motivation. <br /> <br /> Some people may find my need for accuracy and detail a bit anal, but after a thorough investigation by Jeffrey Dahmer, it is obvious that this film has very little in common with his person and the crime he has committed. Why take the time to make a film based loosely on Jeffrey Dahmer instead of dealing with the true issues of his descent into the madness and subsequent carnage? <br /> <br /> Finally, a movie with content as repulsive as this one should carry a certificate of 18, not 15. We had to take a closer look at his perversion to understand how distanced he was from us. This does not mean, for example, that the drill actually invades Konerak Sinthasomphone's head, but at least an indication of how many people he has killed and what his modus operandi was when he actually killed. Anyone watching this movie and not knowing the story of Dahmer might think he killed only a few people. He actually killed seventeen men. <br /> <br /> Apart from the facts and the lack of depth, the movie is not all that bad. There are some nice shots and good performances by the two main characters. I would like to see this done by a filmmaker who has more knowledge, more energy, and a better reason to make the movie.
