It is heartwarming and inspiring that the writing team behind such hopeless mainstream Hollywood films as INDIANA JONES AND THE TEMPLE OF DOOM, American Graffiti and HOWARD THE DUCK would start their career with a low-budget horror movie. Perhaps as proof of the talent that Willard Hyuck and Gloria Katz would later garner an Oscar nomination in their respective careers, Messiah of Evil has potential but is becoming frustrating because it can not bring the cinematic skills to make it to The Die The premise concerns a young girl traveling to a small coastal town to seek his painter father, who disappeared some time ago. It does not take long for the fragmented narrative to give up all hope and dive head-first into incoherent absurdity - and for a while, it works surprisingly well enough that you think Messiah of Evil may need to be recalled from the flaky gutter of The Exploitation of 70s as an example of an artful mysterious horror. <br /> <br /> The surreal non-sequencers continue to pile up as the daughter encounters a young couple in a run-down hotel room in the city to conduct a research on the local population. Legend of "Blood Moon ", an unkempt and half-crazy alcoholic (played by the great Elisha Cook Jr. in perhaps the best scene in the film), who warns her that her father was only found dead in an alley. A little later, dogs' the blind old one Lady, who owns the local art gallery and inexplicably has removed all the pictures of her father from the store and not least a backward, murderous, squirrel-eating albino. Part of the charm of the film is precisely this bran of bargain-basement artistic surrealism, which defies every step of the way in logic and genre conventions. While Lynch is obviously the hallmark of a talented creator, Messiah of Evil did not really expect the boundaries between the 'intentional', the 'unintentional' and the '' but it's good enough - hopelessly blurring WRAP SCENE '. <br /> <br /> Take, for example, the double narrative that flows into and out of the picture in a drug addictive, feverish, fluid way, one that comes from the daughter when she moves away from there Looking for her father, and the other is told by her father's voice as she reads his diary. <br /> <br /> While we still speak of a living dead, Messiah of Evil is different and only loose - at least with the current prejudices about what a zombie movie should be. The source of the living dead is a 100-year-old curse given to the city by a mysterious "dark stranger" who one day came from the forest. In the meantime, Hyuck finds time for snippets of mass consumption criticism in a carnivorous supermarket scene that DAWN OF THE DEAD is many years older (you can already hear the MST3K line: "One is dead, just his capitalist food.) Cans stay ') and a nicely thought-out, but poorly executed, similar scene in a movie theater. <br /> <br /> I generally think that the surreal works in careful, well-measured doses - how absurd is it to look when it's not hiding Hyuck seems to smear it all over the picture, passing his hand dangerously, for example, when the albino picks up a girl who is in the city eating a squirrel in front of her, you can almost imagine that the director gives meaningful winks to the audience, amused and content with his own kidnappings. <br /> <br /> Also the general level of film production is quite low - after Half the time the tempo gets mixed up and the story becomes tedious and obviously nowhere and not particularly fast. Add to that the choppy editing, average acting and general inability of Hyuck to capture the true atmosphere - the empty streets of the coastal city are being criminally abused - and I would classify Messiah as a "missed opportunity", but still muffin connoisseurs will appreciate enough - even though it's not particularly bloody, trashy or sloppy.
