Skullduggery is a strange, curious film based on the novel "Ye Shall Know Them" by Vercors. Criticizing the film really does feel unfriendly, as it is a film that deals with serious issues such as humanity and sincerity for moral standards and tolerance. Despite his honorable intentions and benevolent tone, Skullduggery is simply not a very good movie. For me, the main problem is the awfully incoherent narrative, which can not decide how best to convey its message. The first half of the film is like a standard jungle expedition film of the Tarzan level. later it wavers in science fiction fable; In the end it slips into the melodrama of the courtroom. The differences in tone between the sections of the film are too great, too uncomfortable to overlook. They stand out like a sore thumb, constantly reminding you to see a jumbled, disorganized movie. <br /> <br /> An archaeological expedition to the jungles of New Guinea is led by adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the most important archaeologists participating in the excursion is the attractive scientist dr. Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After an arduous walk, they encounter a tribe of strange monkey-like creatures. These primitive, long-lost people are covered with hair and have survived for centuries without being touched or influenced by the developments of modern man. There is some evidence that they could be the ancestors of early humans? the "missing link" in the evolution of apes to humans. Or maybe a race of people who just look and behave differently than usual? Or even a breed of animals that have begun to develop human characteristics? The archaeologists call the tribe "the Tropi" and are initially thrilled by the effects of their discovery. But things are taking a devastating turn as the evil opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) declares his intention to exploit the tribe and its idyll on behalf of the developers. He wonders if the Tropi really are "human" and brings his arguments to the courts, where he hopes to receive legal support so that his own greedy ambitions can continue. <br /> <br /> This was a very early movie in Reynolds career, and he makes this movie unbalanced by behaving like a comedy, while the rest of the cast takes it all very seriously. Not that Reynolds can be charged? He has an impossible role, asked to play a charming adventurer who really belongs in a Tarzan movie. His character and the movie are not relevant to each other. Clark is much better than the serious archaeologist and there are nice supporting roles for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White. A major shortcoming in Skullduggery is the lame and ineffective make-up that gives the Tropi the weird hairy look. Instead of letting the actors look like credible hominoids, the stuck-on hairs just make them look unintentionally funny. and that's just not the right idea. We have a great deal of compassion for these creatures, but that's terribly hard when they seem so unconvincing. Skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that might be poignant, philosophical and inspiring. The honorable intentions are visible to all, but the end result does not do them justice. It may be a worthy mistake, but still a mistake.
