While the overall idea of ​​Escape from Atlantis was intriguing, I found the film far less than what I had hoped to read in the summer. Maybe I'm too much of a kid in the technological age: The movie was made into an official movie five years ago, as it was in 2002, after seeing fantasy epics like Lord of the Rings and science-fiction freaks like Star Wars , By and large, it could not be compared to other movies from similar films like Dinotopia or Homer's The Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My beef is basically that I could not deal with it - I'm about the same age of the kids (a young adult) and have no trouble putting me in the place of a middle-aged man if this is the available character. But the picture did not take me to another level of existence. I did not say that I was 'ACK!' I would have done the same! It did not open the doors to my imagination. Even without comparing it to high-budget movies or other television films that I look at on my own, I determined certain aspects of the feature as a cliché: The character development in the kids was too fast for my liking, as I was too much of that stereotypically selfish teenager saw the bitter picture after the divorce changes into the we-a-big-happy-family - let's never be separated - who can ultimately make or destroy a picture in the long run. Even the characters themselves could have improved: a typical set of one or the other stereotypes. There was the ubiquitous, selfish beauty that looked rebellious, accompanied by Mr. Perfect as a combination of athletics, good looks and intelligence, but with a brooding attitude, and finally, the little brother that is so common in that time. While I know that the personalities have driven the story forward, I think that adding more individuality to nuances and more unique differences would have led to a more enjoyable - and more believable (in terms of character) - movie. <br /> I need to lift my glass to the costume and stage design - it was worth it to finish for me. Do not get me wrong: All the movies are worth seeing for themselves, and one person's opinion could never support the opinion of many, but I think the script has some more depth and a little more (I can not believe it.) I say Reality, I dare say that Escape from Atlantis could have been magical.
