When I saw this movie, I heard all the hype and I heard people say that Denzel earned the Oscar next to his Golden Globe, and I thought he had done an excellent job, considering that Kevin Spacey was excellent was. I was wrong. I realize that people are saying this so as not to upset the African American community (if they are not African Americans themselves). I always hear complaints about how African Americans are never nominated and how they should have won. Sometimes this is true (not so much nowadays) because Whoppi Goldberg should have won the best actress for The Color Purple and the film should have won the best picture. The only reason this film was so blown up is that people see a movie about the (* SEMI-SPOILER *) hardships of an African American during a very racist era and automatically call it a masterpiece. <br /> Denzel Washington is a great actor, but his role in this movie has not touched me at all. I was bored with him in the movie, and his acting was quite similar to his role in Malcolm X, but not so good. The audience should go and believe that this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. People left the movies to worship this man, this hero, and they went out and bought his book, making this hero of a man rich. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This film tells the story of a man who spent the movie Most of his life in prison mainly for crimes he did not commit. Of course, the crimes he committed (mostly stolen) were just for survival, not anymore. People took pity on him, though the drug dealers and thieves were probably so much for the same reasons, but are seen down in society. Everything in this film tries to portray this man as a saint (except for the apparent infidelity he had toward his wife and the aggression he showed the other man when he met his wife), but why should not it be so - after all, it's his perspective. I do not like movies (especially Hollywood interpretations) that are based on "true" stories, because they usually distort the "true" parts into something else, something that is not so true. This was his point of view and a Hollywood construction, but everyone believed it was the truth. Well, I searched a bit for his past before making assumptions, and he was very violent. Not only that, there is still the possibility that he has murdered these people. If you do not believe me, search for him on the internet and read the articles that some people have about him. The boxing match, which he claimed to have won so easily, was actually won by his opponent Joey Giardello, and there are bands that prove it. Apart from that, there are many twisted and intentionally exuberant facts in this film. The supporting actors were the nicest people I've ever seen on earth, and their "nice and perfect" personality was hard to hold. <br /> <br /> This movie was a Hollywood version of another unfortunate truth story that still needs to be told truthfully. Denzels play is outdated, and the Mickey Mouse settings of the side cast are annoying. The movie also starts very slowly and is boring.
