The main problem of the documentary film "Czech Dream" is that he does not really say what he means to say. <br /> <br /> In a bold - I hesitate to use the word "inspired" - act of street theater, Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two student filmmakers from the Czech Republic, have made a big business fraud in order to serve as a basis to serve their film: they purposely created a fake "hypermarket" (the Eastern European equivalent of Costco or Wal Mart Super Store). He set up a complete advertising campaign - full of billboards, radio and TV spots, an official logo, a catchy theme song, and photos of counterfeit goods - and then waited to see how many "dope" they were creating emerged on the opening day. They even built a makeshift façade to convince people that the shop actually existed. <br /> <br /> You might ask, "Why do you do that?" Well, that's a very good question, but the answer given by the filmmakers is not exactly a satisfactory answer. In essence, we are told that the purpose of the stunt was to show how easily people can be manipulated to believe something - even something that is not true - simply by the power of advertising. And the filmmakers demand moral protection, claiming that the "real" (ie Higher) purpose of the charade is to persuade the Czech people not to plunge into advertising that encourages them to join the European Union , Fair enough - especially considering that the actual advertisers who agree to join the stunt act against the immoral nature of lying to customers, while at the same time justifying their cooperation in deception, claiming it is a "research "What works and does not work in advertising. By getting caught in front of the camera with these comments, these men and women are equally fools of filmmakers as are the poor unsuspecting humans who are the prime target of cunning. <br /> <br /> But in many ways, the satirical arrow not only does not meet its intended purpose, it ironically resorts to the filmmakers who started it. Because they are themselves and NOT the kindhearted and, of course, trusting people, who ultimately turn out to be immoral and classless people, if they are made up of perfectly decent people, some of them old and disabled, who have to travel long distances Place to arrive. And what is all this supposed to prove? That people are "greedy" because they go to the opening of a new supermarket in search of bargains? Or that they are stupid and gullible, because they do not suspect that there is no actual market, even though one was advertised? Such vigilance would require a degree of cynicism that would render it virtually impossible to function in the real world. No, I'm afraid that this smart-alecky, evil little "stunt" only proves the completeness and completeness Absolute idiots of the filmmakers are for some really nice people to feel like idiots. And indeed, many of them, when they finally discover the trick that has been done to them, they respond with a kindness and a good sense of humor. I'm not sure if I could find her when I'm in her position. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that the movie is not enthralling - something that witnesses a massive traffic accident in action - but when the dust has finally settled down and all disappointed customers can return empty-handed in their homes We say with certainty that they are not the ones who should be ashamed.
