I just got this movie from the library and I'm not finished yet. It's so bad that I'm incredulous. Audrey Hepburn had completely lost her talent, though she was pretty much done with 'Robin and Marian'. That's the worst thing about this horribly stupid movie. It's really only interesting because it was her last feature film and because Dorothy Stratten was about to commit her murder. <br /> <br /> Between Gazzara and his friends, there is nothing but idiocy. Small signals and small bows and nods to a real screwball comedy, of which this is the weakest, faintest shadow. Who could believe that there are even some of the Manhattan environments that Hepburn inhabited so magically and even mythically in 'Breakfast at Tiffany' twenty years ago? The soundtrack of old Sinatra songs and the Gershwin song from which the title was taken is too loud and obvious - you do not necessarily have to wait for the credits to find out that something subtly has been woven into the cine music of the image Know when the songs started on you. <br /> <br /> "Back to the guy" means going up and down, I think. In this case, the chic European lady of Audrey Hepburn is all you see from someone who used to be an actress and always a star. Here she even lost her talent as a star. If someone whose talent continued to grow during this time, like Ann-Margret, played the role, there would have been something, even in the face of incredibly bad material and Mongolian situations. <br /> <br /> Hepburn, of course, was a great person taller than most movie stars ever dreamed of, and she was once one of the most charming and beautiful movie actresses. After this dreadful performance, she starred with Robert Wagner in a gruesome television movie titled "Love Among Thieves." In 'They All Laughed', it's like she was still a genius in her 50s. Even much more vain and obviously less intelligent actresses who insisted, like Lana Turner, were infinitely more effective than Hepburn. Turner took acting seriously, even if she was bad. Hepburn does not take it seriously, could not take care of it; Even her hair and clothes look sticky. Her last really good work was in "Two for the Road", perhaps her most perfect, though perhaps not her best in many ways. <br /> <br /> And the girl who plays the country singer is just morbid. John Ritter is awful, there's nothing to recommend, except to see Dorothy Stratten, who was really pretty. Otherwise, the often used sentence of critic David Thomson "losing his / her talent" never made more sense. Ben Gazarra had lost all sex appeal and so we have two films with Gazarra and Hepburn - who could ask for less? Sandra Dee's last, pitiful two-year "Lost" movie, a low budget nothing, had more to offer. At least, Mrs. Dee spoke in her own voice; In 1981, the accent of Audrey Hepburn just sounded stupid. She went on to do the PBS 'Gardens of the World with Audrey Hepburn', and there is her slightly irritating accent as she strolls through English gardens with aristocrats or wax figures, "which I like the most when flowers return to nature Just like naturalized daffodils, but in a fictional film, she sounds ridiculous. <br /> <br /> To think that 'Breakfast at Tiffany's' was such a profound, easy poetic thing, with Audrey Hepburn one of the most beautiful women in the world - she was certainly one of the most beautiful screen appearances in "My Fair Lady", which in several ways corresponded to Garbo and Delphine Seyrig in "Last Year at Marienbad" And then that! And her last short role as Angel 'Hap' in The Spielberg movie 'Always' was just more of the women's stuff - hackneyed, witty and crushing. <br /> <br /> I went to their memorial service at Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church, a beautiful church service belonged to a boy's choir, who sang the shaker anthem "Simple Gifts". The only thing not mentioned in the program was the sudden play of Hepburn's singing "Moon River" on the emergency exit in "Breakfast at Tiffany's", and this brought a lot of emotion and some real tears to the gathering. <br /> <br /> A great lady who was once a good actress (as in 'The Nun's Story') and one of the biggest and most beautiful movie stars in many movies of the 50s and 60s that got really bad - that is not all that usual. And maybe it's only a great person who, when For example, making film shows trivial has greatness in wanting to mercilessly point out flaws - which is abundant in all of their late film work. Most of the rumors about Hepburn's abuse refer to "My Fair Lady" But the one the original actress should have had was 'Wait Until Dark', which featured Lee Remick on Broadway. She was never as celebrated as Hepburn, but she was in many ways a better actress (Hepburn was utterly unable to play anything really dirty), though Hepburn was at least adequate in this part. After that, her acting went downhill.
