I've heard a lot about this movie. People write me to see it because I'm a fan of extremely bloody, bloody movies. I got my hands on it almost immediately, but one thing or another always kept me from seeing it - until now. It would have been better if I had not thought that I had it at all. <br /> <br /> This movie was cruel. The worst part is that it could be so much better than it actually was. I know it was a story by Clive Barker and all, and no, I did not read that story - but it seems to me that if you did not do it, you, like me, will be completely unaware and completely disappointed. <Br /> <br /> The movie starts well enough - the actors convince, the story interesting. The first scene is bloody - a great way to grab your attention. I thought the blood looked a bit bad, but since it was the first scene, I later hoped for an improvement. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> The blood and effects are so horrible that it was almost an insult to my intelligence to believe that someone could, for example, hit a person's head straight off the shoulders with a meat mallet. WTF? CGI blood (have they even used "real" blood at all? My homemade stuff looks better than what's used in this movie!), Incredible acts of dismemberment (eyeballs just hit from the back of the head, arms cut) neatly - nobody remembers that there are bones all over the body?!), too dark scenes (each scene is either an odd yellow color or hidden in shadows) ... it gets worse and worse. I found that I pointed out mistakes after mistakes. It's just too much. Add that to the fact that what a great serial killer movie could and could have become turns into a demonic / supernatural / monster movie ... no thanks! It should have been a scary guy slaughtering people on the subway - OK, with a conspiracy theory and an overzealous photographer. Maybe they murder people and sell the meat through the meat factory? Plausible, feasible ... and much better than the "real" story. That could and would have worked. Instead, it became a creature that lives at the bottom of the old tunnel, and everyone knows about it, except you, and if you do not read the book, you'll never understand it. "Fiasco Tragic, what a horrible thing about a movie If you like thoughtless fake blood and blood, you will love it, but if you have half a brain in your head, you will hate it completely, stay away, far away.
