I do not know why, but I thought I've seen this movie before. Maybe it was the name, maybe the poster looked like this, I do not know. Nevertheless, it was quite promising at the beginning. And even during the whole feature there were some bright moments. Maybe it's because I'm not a big fan of the horrors, and I do not look at them often, but it actually looked fresh sometimes. But the rest is not so good. Sometimes laughing. The movie is slow, sometimes boring you forget what the story was about. Characters are not great either. All of them. The butcher is okay, looks scary and crazy. Although I did not know what those weird things looked like on his chest (the whole scene just looked spotty and unimpressive), why did he collect them in glasses at home? The main tour is clear. His character is really hard to believe and very undeveloped. But I think that is a guilty scenario. Why did he cry when taking pictures of his girlfriend? Side Cast is bad too. But the main thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when do women in horror movies have their brains? It is ridiculous. The girl finds out that a madman has taken his friend's camera, tries to go to the police, which fails, and then thinks of the best idea ever. Why do not we just go? I know where the madman lives! Yup! That's swelling! And then look for the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then go into the room, see a bag that was not there before, and just look inside. Maybe the camera is there? Not there. But a lot of interesting stuff. Glittering. Mmmm. Understanding this bag means the butcher has come back, too hard for his little brain. Then of course the never ending trick "falling while running", which looked really bad. To put the last nail in the figure, she walks into the car FULL at the end of the movie, with the bodies hanging up her feet, "Noooo" screams as if she's about to rip her gucci bag, and moves on into the car. .. god. Come on. Nobody else thinks it's just good, stupid? Just awful. If her character were not so bad, the movie might get one or two more stars from me. And I'd even forgive MMT characters for punching a blowhole with a steel mallet (that guy on the train that the conductor killed), butcher vests that can protect from bullets, funny and cheap-looking monsters in the end (me not I do not read Clive Barker's novel, so I have no idea where these monsters came from), the fact that nobody cared that hundreds (judging by the skeletons in the dungeon) disappeared into the city, and the main character who did not bleed to death Death when his tongue was torn out (he barely noticed it, I think). Oh, and the foreseeable end. Damn, I knew the end halfway, it's just disappointing. The only reason I still give some credit to the creators is that the film generally looks better than most of the horrors I've seen in recent months. The visual style is nice, some shots were really nice and good CGI that made the murders look really brutal. (although the blood did not look real) I guess some people will enjoy it, some like me will see it, if there is nothing else to watch, others will absolutely hate it.
