I've heard and read a lot of praise for "Midnight Meat Train," based on a short story by Clive Barker, which is said to be the best adaptation of his work since the original "Hellraiser" he directed, but so far I can only do a lot Express mixed views on my viewing experience. The most appropriate term to sum up the entire film is nausea! The violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts fanatic young horror enthusiasts, but is also indescribably unfounded and exploitative. Usually I'm very non-violent, but it has to serve at least one purpose. The slaughter? literally? The "Midnight Meat Train" performance is designed solely to shock and stun viewers with weak nervous systems and slightly dusty stomachs, and even this is not fully effective through the use of digital computer effects. There are even more shortcomings, some even bigger than the pointless Gore, but maybe I should focus on the good elements first. The basic concept is definitely promising and several sequences (such as hunting in the freezer) are literally bursting with tensions and macabre atmospheres. Unfortunately, the pace is very uneven and the elaboration of the potentially fantastic plot is unnecessarily confused. Presumably, processing a short story into a scenario with long movies is responsible for the tempo irregularities, but I honestly believe that they could have done more with the resolution and character of Vinnie Jones. The plot introduces Leon, an aspiring photographer in New York, whose agent advises to search for the truly threatening face of the city through sinister images. Leon is obsessed with following an introverted and suspicious butcher who always waits for the midnight train. Leon is right, as the butcher turns out to be a relentless serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer, but the murderer's motivation and behavior suggests that something goes more by rail at night. "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in naturally disturbing locations such as subway stations at night and in animal slaughterhouses. In addition, the film benefits from good acting performances and a whole series of images that are downright disturbing (like carcasses on meat hooks and blood smeared train carriages). However, director Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not take full advantage. The ending leaves many questions unanswered, and although Clive Barker intended to do so, I still think we deserve a slightly clearer finale. "Midnight Meat Train" is a somewhat intriguing and definitely haunting film, but not without specifications. It is not intended for slightly offended viewers, but perhaps people looking for plan coherence and clarity should leave it alone.
