"Mayerling" is a good advertisement for Republicans, as you will probably always see, an everyday history of the royal people in the late 19th century. During one of the seemingly incessant civil disturbances in Europe, he deals with Emperor Franz Joseph (Mr James Mason), his rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolf (Mr Omar Sharif), the Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and various mistresses, secret police, spies, extravagantly uniformed popinjays, gypsies, dancers, wives, soldiers, swans, horses and the bizarre inbreeding network of European kings at the time of Franz Joseph's Austria-Hungary. Filmed in what the old movie posters called "A Riot of Color", it resembles nothing more than a costly-clad but intellectually challenged production of "The Student Prince." Mr James Mason, who wears a very cute little white number, uses I am a great admirer of him and I sincerely hope that the reward was compensated with the aversion he clearly felt for the character he was playing. Mr. Omar Sharif, who has built a career based primarily on looking directly into the camera and feeling soulful with his big brown eyes, gives an amazingly monotonous performance than his son, the Crown Prince, with his well buttered locks He prefers himself in an increasingly improbable uniform. As a rebel, he speaks about the conversation, but leaves conspicuously the course and does not leave the impression of a belt line of the Austrian aristocracy The bottom button on one of his tunics is about as far as it is his defiance. Unhappily married, he falls in love with a common man. "Forbidden Love" is one of the comedies of the film. As she is played by the most unusual woman, Catherine Deneuve, he barely pushes the envelope there. Miss Deneuve has a profile to die for, and we see a good deal of it, especially in the order of the ballet. Now I love ballet as much as the next man, but this sequence seems to take an excessively long time, a more cynical critic might consider it as "refilling." Rudolf's mother, the Empress, is played by Miss Ava Gardner. She gives the role a good old American oooomph, which makes her a bit like "Auntie Mame", but it's made with unquestionable style. Rudolf loves his mother - I do not say it any more than that. The only accomplishment worth seeing is that of Mr. James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt - sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. He is so wonderfully worried about everything going on around him, it is a pleasure to look at the immortal question "What is the bleeding time?". I am not authorized to question the historical accuracy of "Mayerling", but in my opinion everything else is approachable. It is a Ruritan opera buffa without the melodies to send you home from the whistle of the theater.
