Is this the same Kim Ki Duk, who led the poignant, life-fulfilling testimony of "Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter and Spring"? The same Kim Ki Duk, who directed the exquisite, almost silent, heartrending yearning of "3 Iron"? The same Kim Ki Duk who impressed us with the breathtaking tragedy of "The Coast Guard" and forced us over the ugliness of unchale teenage prostitution before returning to his almost patented nature motive, to all of us (characters and spectators) of salvation to allow in "Samaritan Girl"? I just can not find him in this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, sure, Kim's nature motive is still there. The movie plays completely on a lake surrounded by mountains and on swimmers who quietly rest on the surface of calm waters. Yes, it's Kim Ki Duk, all right. Kim even describes the movie as "beautiful" in an interview that is included in the peculiarities of the DVD. However, I'm not sure what that means when you look at this terrible presentation. <br /> <br /> What about angry, potty-filled prostitutes, lusty, violent and pottered fishermen, an avid dumb merchant, explicit cruelty to animals, sequences of self-mutilation and a tempo that goes from bestial carnality to mindless brutality disgusted? These are the only elements of humanity that present themselves in this extremely confusing and ultimately pointless film. If it is based on a fable or is meant as a parable or symbolic of something larger, this reviewer is unfamiliar with the source material. It was favorably compared to "Audition" by Japanese director Takashi Miike (much to Kim's satisfaction), but apart from some amazingly good performances by leading actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk, especially considering what to do with them, I find little Reason to recommend this movie. I did not see "Audition", but I doubt that would change my view of The Isle in any way. Her violence is pornographic and senseless sadistic. Her gender is not pornographic, but dispassionate and masochistic. Characters behave out of irritating impulses because there is no plot. His point is either nonexistent or, I admit, I've lost myself between Korean cultural quirks that I do not understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty lies in the cinematography, a classic Kim: mist-covered boats Slow over a calm lake, mountainous terrain that dominates the background, and an ingenious and playful use of color. At times, it seems that the viewers are locked in a big Kim Ki Duk game room. Some touches, like the mysterious and seductive dumb businessman Jung played, and the pleasantly unusual use of motorcycles are fascinating. But as a film, this effort is downright confusing and, in the end, offensive to the senses, not necessarily to the sensations. It is hoped that Kim will leave this kind of filmmaking on the rubbish heap of his past, because we know that he is capable of much more.
