Although I knew people who are either big fans of Noam Chomsky or consider themselves a tired relic from the 1960s, I really had no opinion about the man except that I knew he became famous as a linguist, though I have no idea of it had his theories, and that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist leanings. So I stumbled upon the DVD of the 2003 documentary Noam Chomsky: Rebel Without A Pause in a used video store, a movie that followed him in 2002 on a book tour for his book 9-11, and decided to get it for me Knowing about the man the next time a person, professional or cheater speaks of him. While I was glad I got the movie, my first reaction was to this boring and poorly edited hagiography, so what's the hustle and bustle? <br /> <br /> For a man with so many degrees, who is praised as "the most important intellectual mentally ill," according to the New York Times, the DVD case, there was not much intellectual there. I know I would chew it and spit it out in a debate, and I would not even want to see what a William F. Buckley might do to him. Granted, the whole movie seemed like Chomsky was seeing conspiracies everywhere, nodding at glazed, nude students, acting the craziest and most disgusting things he said instead of focusing on linguistics. But if he's a linguist and takes top positions in his field, why would anyone care about anything he has to say outside his area of ​​expertise? Even worse, his acolytes seem to isolate the man from reality by promoting the delusion that Chomsky is a target for Zionist assassins. What I knew so well before watching this film about Chomsky, I knew so much: He was generally considered one, and intellectually rather irrelevant, since the fall of the Soviet Union. The film is so poorly structured and without a narrative thread that it is difficult to separate the entire mess. His wife, Carol, as an example, evidently gave an interview that was hacked all over the movie. She seems to be a nice woman, but completely out of her element to answer anything but the most basic questions about her life. The only thing she says is that 9/11 was a great thing for the Chomskys, since he has since earned a lot of money with the speech fees. <br /> <br /> This kind of movie is not surprisingly almost no biographical background. It is assumed that all viewers must know all the hymns that this "great man" wears. Chomsky is rarely interviewed individually. Stylistically, there are no camera moves, no interesting edits and no signatures, and most of the film is of Chomsky's disjunctive raids, video-banded Huzzahs of Chomsky announcing this or that, and flabby and shocked students looking at him as if they were him he was intangible, that is, when weak students ask him barely audible and ridiculously simple questions. This is a really weak film by director and publisher Will Pascoe, who shows in the DVD statement to the filmmaker that he is another uncritical Akolyte of Chomsky. Apart from that, one of the surest signs that this is not an objective documentary, but only agitprop, and a vanity piece of agitprop is that Chomsky does not once have to struggle with an answer. He seems to be some kind of knowledge that knows no boundaries. <br /> <br /> Given that much of this filth was filmed during Chomsky's lectures at McMaster University in Ontario, Canada, prior to the 2003 US invasion of Iraq, much of what Chomsky says seems so remote like things from the time of the Vietnam War. Yes, he does make some good points here and there about American complicity in the media before the war, but he persecutes them with madness, because he does not seem to know that most conspiracies are ad hoc and the cabal is not fully advertised. As an example, he claims that the advertising industry is a cabal that mercilessly controls the population, but says nothing about the zombie population that can be controlled. Similarly, he claims that trilateralists rule the world, and that people's fear of crime is another result of the cabal. Of course, this claim explains rape crisis centers so completely, and all that wasted time and money is spent by district attorneys. He also makes the absurd claim that Cuba has been a victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and his company were big sponsors in Latin America, Asia and Africa until the Soviet Union fell. I can only surmise that the UFO conspirators are just waiting for Chomsky to announce that gray aliens have set up species-mixing impregnation centers in Idaho. In his simple-minded world without shades of gray, Chomsky is frighteningly as dense as the members of Bushco whom he reviles; even more so as they have no claim to be intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a man who lived in the past, in most questions about his head and intellectually out of his depth. At the end of this movie, he warns, "Be careful when you hear that intellectuals are fighters for justice," but you can only laugh because the man never seems to have met a revolutionary person, or the idea that he does not like, no matter how barbarous he is their crime and anti-intellectual their position. Please take a break before you waste your time and money on this silly and irrelevant DVD.
