Let me first say that I read some reviews before I borrowed this movie and somehow knew what to expect. Still, I was surprised how bad it was. <br /> <br /> I'm a big werewolf fan and got used to forgiving while watching. Most of them have side effects, bad acting and weak storylines (at best heated up in previous films). This is the worst, except for the possible exception of some later Howling films. <br /> <br /> First the story. It has been quoted several times in the reviews on this site, so I will not go into that in more detail. However, it is very obvious that the authors had absolutely no affinity for lykanthropic monsters. As so often happens, when a horror movie is given to a writer who sees himself as "over-priced" for such a prize, they try to give the werewolf myth a new twist. That's fine, but a non-horror fan who tries to do so generally ignores the intelligence and sophistication of the horror crowd and ends up writing to them. The plot feels like a parody of werewolf movies, and the events that sound sound so wrong that I feel that my intelligence has been seriously offended. For example, television news films are never moved away from the reporter to see someone in the crowd behind them. Give the characters and the audience the opportunity to spot the villain in the scene without using a flashing neon sign. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> As for effects, I have never seen a less credible werewolf. I would have been happier with Lon Chaney Jr. in crab hairs. The beast they used looked very much like ... well, like a guy in a cheap rubber suit with some sticky hair and a really awful animatronic. And I know that many people have already criticized the CG, but my God, it was terrible. A scene depicts a woman who is changing, starting with a full CG version of the actress, naked, but for some reason without a nipple. My first thought was, "Hey, why is one of the characters from 'ReBoot' turning into a dumb looking werewolf?" <br /> <br /> Anyway, I look for positives in every movie and there was a few. The cinematography was passable (the movie was completely digitally shot, which is interesting), and some performances were not that bad. It was also interesting to see that Tippi Hedron is the best-made homeless woman in the world, and Kane Hodder as the title villain. Also, the Yellow Power Ranger has grown up and ... well, damn. And if you are looking for skin, there are some tasty examples. This completes the male-pig segment of the review. If you want a good werewolf movie try "An American Werewolf in London", the original "The Howling", "Dog Soldiers", or even "The Wolfen" (though it has more wolf than it did then). If you are a Lycanthrope, take a look. Otherwise, miss this one.
