Hip. Erotic. Evil sexy ... whatever. It's "The Terminator" with werewolves. No seriously. The policeman rescues the girl (waitress!) From the big monster and calls herself "Protector". The lead actor Ryan Alosio mimics Kyle Reese pretty well ... there's a massacre in a police station ... the villain is muscular with red eyes ... and it even contains dialogues like "You never said it yourself Never. "The damn script comes from a first-time screenwriter who, thank God, has not sold since then, and everything was thrown together by the famously bad director Richard Friedman. <br /> <br /> The film opens in a strip strip (always a good sign), and a nasty-looking motorcyclist comes in for no apparent reason, pursued by three policemen. One of them is black, and (shocking horror!) He is killed in the first five minutes. The movie goes downhill for about an hour, but then takes a few steps with decent action sequences before rounding it off with a gruesome ending of competent actors doing what they can with a bad script and a director who is ready to settle for less. Unless otherwise, they seem to learn how to behave in this film, and Alosio, along with some minor characters, shows talent. DarkWolf in its human form is played by the gigantic Kane Hodder - famous for his numerous portrayals of Jason Vorhees in the "Friday the 13th" movies. He's decent enough, especially considering that he's not used to speaking roles. <br /> <br /> He has become known among groups of horny teens through the lesbian badger scene between Andrea Bogart and Sasha Williams, who take their gear a few times in the great tradition of the former 'Power Rangers' actresses. And it's worrying that the editor has spent far too much time in this scene ... The main redeeming feature, however, is that the physical werewolf effects are pretty good and the design of the wolf is not bad at all. But the CGI is bad. Only bad. I mean seriously, if you can not reach a realism level - why bother? Just throw a little more money into the makeup! Apart from the terrible script, this film has its moments, many of which are unintentionally funny. It's good for a laugh if you have nothing better to do but do not spend money on it. You're welcome.
