DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong), who had lived quite a normal life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) was killed by a werewolf. It can be seen that Werewolves actually exist in America today. A special organization within the police to fight the werewolf threat, led by Detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio), who has the difficult task of telling Josie that she is actually a pure one Werewolf is and a so-called "dark prince" Werewolf (Kane Hodder) would like to mate with her and create a new generation of pure bloodwere wolves that will take over the world, or something like that. Understandably, Josie finds it hard to believe until she sees the evidence with her own eyes. It is up to the werewolf policeman Steve, Josie, to save the day and the world. <br /> <br /> Co-Executive Produced & Directed Richard Friedman I thought DarkWolf would be a pretty bad low-budget recording of a digital camcorder horror movie that really did not bother me. The screenplay by Geoffrey Alan Holliday starts promisingly enough in a strip club with plenty of bare breasts to play. Then there's a werewolf attack that spatters someone everywhere, but after that decent opening sequence, it's pretty downhill all the way down. I'm afraid. It's slow for the beginning, it's boring, it's predictable and it's populated with very annoying characters who come out with many bad dialogues and do stupid things when they have the opportunity to shoot the werewolf they do not have. I have no idea why but they prefer to stand there. The script is stupid and does not explain itself, why has Josie never turned into a werewolf? Is she really the only one? Why can not this dark prince find another female werewolf? There are also many other things that make little or no sense like an ancient book that initially seems quite important, but then completely forgotten halfway, but you get the idea anyway that the film overall is very linear fashion to one very predictable climatic showdown, which, to say the least, is not overwhelming. <br /> <br /> Director Friedman illuminates the movie quite well with glowing neon, but that's new or original and does not really enhance the movie's acting. Let's talk about special effects, or better about the lack of effects, because the effects in DarkWolf are anything but special. The Werewolf transformation is achieved using CGI. It's one of the worst-looking CGI effects I've ever seen. A Playstation would be embarrassing graphics. It's by far the worst werewolf transformation I've ever seen. An American werewolf in London (1981) was made over 25 years ago, but the special effects are literally light-years ahead of those of DarkWolf, who allegedly have improved special effects over the years? The animatronic doll effects are also not much better, although at least something psychic is on the canvas. There is not much to do after a bloody opening murder. There are blood spatters and many bodies, but not much else. That's a fair amount of female nudity, if that's your thing, but do not be so upset because you still have to sit through a horrible movie to see it, is it really worth it? <br /> <br /> Technically, DarkWolf is fine Apart from the possibly worst CGI effect of all time, it is reasonably well made and at least seems to have production values. Acting is what you really expect. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf is another piece of cheap horror movie featuring video cabinets that upset the timelines of obscure cable TV channels, I do not think it was as bad as some, but it's like saying to the dentist , makes a bit more fun than a funeral, though, when all said and done, both of them are both terrible ...
