This excuse for a movie reminded me a lot of what I've heard about "Gigli" that Ben and Jen plopped earlier this summer. Clearly "The Order" was cut to such an unsightly extent that the scenes, rather than forming a cohesive and provocative film, seemed more like a collection of disjointed sequences that did little to give a semblance of unified action. Well, I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 things I hate about you", "A Knight's Tale" and especially his supporting role in "Monster's Ball"), but my husband needs to find a better agent. Continue to accept scripts like "The Order" and "Four Feathers" and he'll be in the fast lane. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems I had with the movie. First, the director tried to make up for the shortcomings of his essential conspiracy by introducing two other conspiracy lines that seemed to have little or nothing to do. Plot strands involving the American who wanted to take over the Vatican and the Dark Pope did not reveal anything to the viewer about the main characters, although he was a little interesting. The attempts to tie these threads together were at best pathetic. Second, please do not insult the viewer's intelligence by inserting scenes that are clearly compulsory. We had created fear, love and idiotic sex that looked like a page from "Matrix Reloaded" with damaging numbing techno music. Rather than developing character, these elements seemed like the cheap gadgets they were unambiguous, a half-hearted attempt to put teenagers with popcorn chewing on the seats. Third, and above all, this film seemed to have a fascinating concept. We have scandal, we have religion and we have supernatural powers. Why do not we learn about the background of another person? We learn a bit about Alex, but even he gives up the priesthood's passion of sleeping with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point in the past. And Alex is the most developed, if you can call it that, character in the entire movie. <br /> <br /> If the stereotype is going on today, if you're going to see a movie this year, make sure that's not the case. There are about ten interesting minutes from the unbearable 101-minute affair. The only thing that saved me was to go with a girl that I really like. <br /> <br /> 1 in 10 years. I'm disappointed. File this under-had potential, but blew it over editing and bad governance. Heath my man, go back to Monster's ball-like cameo. They really suit you.
