The Order begins in Rome, where the head of a special order of priests dealing with spirits and demons called Brother Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti) is found dead and driven to New York City, where one of his orders, Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger), contacted by top brass Cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller), who asks him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding Dominic's death. Together with his girlfriend Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and his co-priest Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy) Alex travels to Italy to delve into the death of his mentor. When the truth comes to light, it seems that Dominic is a "Sin Eater," someone who took in others sins & lived with the burden of them so they could die peacefully and that the church was not happy about his activities. Alex has to do the right thing, even if it contradicts what he believes ... <br /> <br /> Under the title The Sin Eater, you also know that this American-German co-production was written and produced by Bian Helgeland. I really do that much for myself, to be honest & usually I'm honest. Anyway, let's start with the confusion of a script that has some good ideas, but it's all predictable, painfully boring and boring, sometimes really stupid and takes too seriously. The whole concept is stupid, and while it thinks it's clever, with an oh so neat turn of events that holds everything together and makes the story a complete circle, I thought that this was the most obvious and laziest way to end things. There are the usual religious themes: morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy, blah, blah, blah. Then there are the twists that are not hard to spot, the abuse of power by senior clerics, corruption, greed, evil, etc. They know the clichéd Hollywood ideals and themes that are reused every time it comes to that Subject is church. The Order has nothing new to say and as a serious piece of film it is a shit. I'm not sure who The Order should be. As a diehard horror fan, I did not see much horror at all. As a thriller this is nothing more than exciting, as a mystery it is too predictably not here to really keep or maintain interest and for some reason I can not figure out that the IMDb lists The Order as an action movie that is absurd as it is as exciting and action-packed as the average episode of Sesame Street (1969 - present). , maybe tough, but that's what I think ... <br /> <br /> Director Helgeland is doing a good job, the movie seems to have a very soft lighting scheme and everything seems a bit bleak, greyish and boring. For a supposed horror movie The Order is very little afraid of horror or horror elements. In fact, there are none of two evil children who can turn into a flock of birds for no apparent reason, do not ask. Forget about any gore or violence, as there is none that is alright, but it would at least have contributed to The Order being something observable. According to IMDb's "Trivia" section, The Order's release date has been postponed, so some of the special effects could be improved as they looked unintentionally funny. I can only say that the effect after the finished movie was really bad because they are not brilliant as it looks now. <br /> <br /> I was amazed to see that The Order had a budget of about $ 28,000,000, which means a hell of a lot of money, and I just can not see where the set and production design is all about that are good. The whole movie looks & works very average and absolutely forgotten. Acting is alright, though the annoying, fat guy, who seems to be some sort of spoiled comic relief, irritates a good actor like Peter Weller deserves more than that. <br /> <br /> The Order, me prefer the title The Sin Eater is not really that important, that it means too much. It misses all my planned goals around the proverbial mile for me, and is a pretty boring way to waste 100 odd minutes of your life, so do not do it! Not recommended.
