In the past days of the Catholic Church, a sinner was an individual who through a ritual would take on the sins of a dying man. Often these people were excommunicated or similar persons who would not release the church, thereby denying them access to heaven. The sin-eaters were considered blasphemous and bypassed the Redeemer monopoly of the Church. Take a bit of a supernatural mojo, let the concept wander where it likes, and you'll have "The Order," a movie, Stigmata's "religious anti-authoritarianism," and the paranormal investigation of "The X -Files "and" The Thorn Birds "'sexual spirituality into a strange mix that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a rogue priest, one of the last members of the Order of the Carolingians, a semi-order of cognition, the priest against demons. When Alex's mentor is found dead in bizarre circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Marked were the other Carolingians Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman), who were exposed to Alex's exorcism a year ago. The three go to Rome to investigate and are drawn into a dark underworld of bizarre Catholic heresy, ominous prophecies, demonic intrusions, and a man claiming to be the last surviving sin-eater (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> The film was written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same leaders on the Scattershot and the half-hearted "A Knight's Tale"). The film is a strange and difficult to classify film. It wants to do several things at the same time - supernatural thriller, religious intrigues, dramatic television pilots - and only a few of them succeed. This is not due to the slow pace or the fact that most actors seem to be sleepwalking through their performances with occasional bursts of brilliance. In particular, Ledger has a particularly impressive scene of despair in an otherwise monochromatic performance. However, Sossman showed the same disjointed performance she has given in all her films (especially in "The Rules Of Attraction"). The plot winds between different story arcs back and forth. You ask yourself which one is the most important, and each sheet contains its share of red herrings. Between the scenes, large gaps in the narrative seem to be lost, which can be confusing for many, but this is also one of the film's salvations. The structure of the film, coupled with the fact that there is never a really clear antagonist until the end of the film, compels the viewer to analyze and argue in a time when most of the films are obvious about everything (exception: this is a historical background for the Carolingians and the practice of sin-eating food, both of which are explained in dry expositions.At the beginning of the film, character relationships and history are derived instead of explained.Together with local shooting and the judicious use of special effects and you have a supernatural thriller of the old world, reminiscent of even the opening credits, reminiscent of something from the late '70s / early' 80s. <br /> <br /> A brief mention here for the subtle and organic score of David Torn, a combination of minimalist orchestration and exotic vocals by Lisa Gerrard, a very nice part itur, which is evocative without being bombastic and exists in a very deceptive simplicity. <br /> <br /> A bewildering conspiracy, a lack of purpose and sometimes sleepy performances would often condemn a movie, but for some reason "The Order" can still be watched. Many people are greatly rejected by the film because of its strange sensations, and some even become angry that they are forced to use the higher functions of their brain to understand it. However, the film's sheer untouchability prevents it from becoming either a critical or commercial success to the DVD, which I'm sure will contain plenty of deleted scenes. A recommended film only for people who like to think while watching. 6 out of 10.
