One of the most serious potential environmental costs of most mining operations is the pollution of downstream streams, rivers and lakes with excessive sediment and toxins. One of the worst examples in the United States of the 19th century for the excessive sedimentation of rivers was the hydraulic mining of gold-bearing heavy hills on the sides of the Sacramento Valley in the years 1850 to early 1880s. A high pressure stream of water was directed at the top of the hill, flushing the material downhill where the gold could be separated from the gravel and sediment. The sediment then collected in a ditch or stream and most found their way to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. The sediment, which was located in the riverbed, increased the likelihood of flooding in the downstream agricultural fields and cities and produced permanent swamps in some areas. Part of the sediment flooded the agricultural fields, where it could cover a standing crop or more desired soil or make plowing difficult. Therefore, the conflicting interests of the companies that used hydraulic mining and the downstream farmers affected by these operations are the subject of Warner's almost forgotten 1938 color film. First, we wonder why Warner decided to put this film in a rather bad one Turning to Technicolor, a very rare treatment in 1938. A story about wheat farmers and gold miners does not seem to justify the cost and difficulty of color films at the time. The answer seems to be the inappropriate film time, spent indoors with fancy colorful dresses and ornaments. Then maybe we wonder why the colorless George Brent was selected as the leading man and ultimate hero to be paired with Olivia de Havilland. For this film, among other things, a charismatic lead actor was required. Even the otherwise colorful Gabby Hayes seemed unusually muted in his small role. Unfortunately, I fell asleep before the seemingly dramatic final part of the movie. The part I saw was spending too much time building too complicated relationships between too many people, but at the cost of graphically representing the plight of the chosen barley and possibly the nearby city dwellers and their attempts, their flood and sedimentation problems to manage something. It had to be more like "The Good Earth," released a year earlier. Maybe it would have been suitable for a charismatic leader like Errol Flynn. After all, it's about the inhuman title. Warner could certainly have found a catchy or more appropriate title. "Gold or Cereal" is short and to the point. Incidentally, I understand that there is still plenty of gold in "them on hills" waiting to be mined by other means than hydraulic mining.
