I entered the theater to Sky Captain in 2004 and expected a good movie. Almost every review of this movie was positive, the effects were tempting, the previews convincing. Needless to say, disappointment does not really describe the feeling I got from this movie. It was anger. <br /> <br /> As well as being boring and badly written, the movie receives 2 out of 10 stars because everything in the movie was stolen from another source. I understand the difference between a tribute and a theft: this was a theft. More importantly, the filmmakers did not steal to advance one point or advance the plot. They stole just to show they could. It literally makes no sense to show a movie by the Wizard of Oz in a theater at the beginning of the movie, except to create another scene (which I will not go into) stealing from the same movie. It is needless to say that every concept in the film was neither original nor old-fashioned: it was literally just a repeat of something I had already seen, of pulp-era robots reminiscent of the old Superman cartoons and the last movie , The Iron Giant, the villain's mute martial artist used in countless films that have been seen as Darth Maul in Star Wars: The Phantom Menace in recent years This is because the whole movie was filmed on a bluescreen and computer images filled everything except the actors - honestly, this is no excuse for bad behavior - if a person was ever a kid, they realize that there is a lack of visual No excuse for not having tried. <br /> <br /> After all, there is no humanity in this film, the protagonists are the only real people here, almost all the antagonists are robots, and the number of friendly characters shown during the movie can be counted on one hand, so if robots attack the entire planet, we should dan Do not expect crowds to run away? The underperformance of the main characters prevents us from really connecting with anything here. <br /> <br /> The movie was not the worst movie out there, so I did not give it a 1 rather, the film was an example of all that's wrong with modern action movies: The filmmakers tried the movie with special effects to justify, but without artistic vision or originality of any kind, the film falls flat.
