The exploding zeppelins that plunge into the base of 'Sky Captain' Jude Law are an appropriate metaphor for describing how truly awful this movie is. Let me start by saying that I doubt Paramount will ever get money back from this movie. It could be a cult hit, but only because it is so remarkable for what it did not achieve. I can now see the studio space. "Let's combine the German Expressionism of the 1920s and a world-adventure adventure of the 1940s with a modern action movie and use computer animation to dominate any scene! Wow, that will not be a success!" Skycaptain beats the viewer with his sheer excess. There are too many false explosions, too many unconvincing dogfight scenes, and too few real moments when the characters are anything but painfully two-dimensional. Why should you be shocked with a hovering airship if you can have three, five or a hundred?! In addition, a groundbreaking film that combines computer-generated imagery and human performers seamlessly in a stylized and intriguing environment could become a flop because it does not meet the most important requirement of a CGI streak. The graphics are just unbelievably bad. From the movement of the cars to the physics of the aircraft in the air battles everything seems to be just a little bit. I'm not picky in any way. A toddler might find that a car does not slip across the street like a magnetic pull (not on a Mercedes S500). And for those of you protesting your voice and shouting, "This is a stylized film, it should not be like reality," let me say that. Lord of the Rings has set the standard for integrating real actors with CGI, Starship Troopers has set the standard for ironic sci-fi movies, the Rocketeer has done a solid job of bringing the decade of the twenties back into the Hollywood film portfolio Tim Burton's Batman has created a unique image of New York City / Gotham that has not been repeated yet. Sky Captain is so close to all these movies that I find it hard to mention them in the same sentence. Plus, the acting is so bad, it makes me sick positively. So there you are. I spent $ 9 to watch this movie and you receive my review. I hope it could stop you from making the same mistake as me.
