If robot hordes begin to attack cities, who will stay behind the attacks to be mad? Sky captain !!! Jew Law plays with Joe Sullivan, the Ace of Skyways, along with his boring reporter ex-girlfriend Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and the former flight partner of Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie) insurmountable contradictions Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow may look and also to feel like an exciting film, but it's really boring and oppressive. The running time of the film is 106 minutes, but it feels so much longer, because the film contains no substance. The visuals were great and the movie did a good job. However, there is nothing that supports these wonderful visuals. The film lacks a story and interesting characters, which makes it rather boring and unnecessary. I blame the director and writer Kerry Conran. He focuses too much on the visuals and spends little time with the actual story. The movie is like a girl without personality. After a while it gets kind of boring and tiring. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl without personality. It's just another case of style over substance. <br /> <br /> The acting is surprisingly average and that's not really their fault because they had very little to do. The main reason why I saw this movie is because of Angelina Jolie. However, the ad is pretty misleading and it's only about 30 minutes in the movie. Their performance is also surprisingly bland. Jude Law does a good job, although you would expect much more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special. The performance of Ling Bai was the only one I really liked. She does a pretty good job as a mysterious woman and she was the only interesting character in the entire movie. <br /> <br /> The movie is not a complete bust though. There were some "wow" and exciting scenes. There just was not enough. The movie just does not have that hook to make it memorable. It was actually quite boring and it was not very appealing at all. It's too bad that the movie was not as good as he had a promising premise. In the end, Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and not really worth seeing. Rating 4/10
