"Sky Captain" can be regarded as a tribute to comic books, pulp adventures and film series, but contains little magic of some of the best of these genres. A post says that the joy of the film depends on whether you recognize the influences of the film or not. I do not think that's right. The expectations that "Captain" gives to the films, novels and series were completely different. Especially for those who experienced this entertainment as children. This movie has almost no charm and no magnetic attraction. Of course we know that the leads get in and out of the scratches, but there has to be tension and drama. At the height of "Captain," Law and Paltrow have ten minutes to prevent a catastrophe, and if they only need five minutes, they do not run to their destination. They take time for long looks and unnecessary conversations and contemplating a fallen enemy 30 seconds before the tragedy. Of course, it is expected that certain conventions will be adopted, but a good director would have maintained a certain sense of urgency. <br /> <br /> You do not expect movies like this to make sense. They are expected to be fun, exciting, and have a sense of inner logic. "Captain" has almost none. Do you remember when Law and Paltrow are tracked by the winged creatures and reach a huge gap that they cross over a wooden bridge? Well, how come they are completely safe from these creatures when they reach the other side? You can fly !!! The abyss itself does not mean anything to them. The bridge is unnecessary for them, so where is the escape? If the land is banned over the abyss of the flying creatures, the movie made no move to let us know how or why, or even if. I know that Paltrow and Law (both gave it a good performance in the past) played "guys" but both were pretty flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who showed himself very nuanced here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give their roles an "Oomph", although Omid Djalili had the impression that he could have coped more if he had had the chance. He did a pretty good job anyway, considering how he was basically wasted. <br /> <br /> The movie had a great "look," but there are so many ways that CGI distracts. CGI works best when used for the fantastical, when creating creatures that do not exist in nature, or for scientific or magical spectacles. When used as a replacement for natural sites, it disappoints. There is no real feeling of wonder. A CGI mountain has nothing of the timeliness or sense of awe and foreboding that a real mountain has. I know that the design of this movie was very conscious and did not necessarily look real, but should not it feel that way? It just did not. <br /> <br /> As for the weak and clichéd script, homage is no excuse. Had the film had some exciting and dramatic tensions, he could still have fun. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise, but he had everything that "Captain" did not mean, as it drew the viewer into his world and made us follow its rules and to accept his path in a way that "Sky Captain" was definitely not. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach to movies about comic heroes of the 30's and 40's. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) come to my mind as if they were ripe for such a treatment. Maybe the better, better known and fully realized characters that these characters are would make a much better movie. It would be hard to be worse.
