Sky Captain is possibly the best horrible movie I've seen in a long time. Rife, with astonishing CG and special effects, cast with an A-list cast (Jude Law, Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie, and the infinitely sympathetic Giovanni Ribisi) running along with an overused, but Indiana Jones esquire plot, should have one Great to be watching movie. <br /> <br /> "Should" is of course the key word here. <br /> <br /> Jude Law plays Joe the Sky Captain with a brisk accent and far too much - shouldering, melting, melting make-up, but nothing can be done, and even his frivolous deliveries and handsome looks can not save the stone dialogue of the film. (Had he knocked Giovanni Ribisi on the back and said, "Good boy, Dex," just one more time, I might have barfed the whole guy in front of me.) Gwyneth Paltrow as Polly Perkins is nothing short of nerve lattice nasal whining and not quite sarcastic comments become old in the first ten minutes of the film. Maybe she has gone to great lengths to play the stereotype comic heroine of the 30s - who knows? I expected more from her. An example of how a similar character was played (and played well) is in the late 90s movie "The Phantom" starring Kristy Swanson and Billy Zane. If you rent the movie, you know what I mean. Giovanni Ribisi and Angelina Jolie were the saving graces of the film. (Angelina Jolie was incredibly hot in that eyepatch, I admit it.) In just a few short scenes, both actors managed to rise above the tired material and perform a more intriguing performance than their dry, two-dimensional colleagues. <The plot and the steady process of the story were old, boring and basically just a monotonous combination of every good scene from an action movie of the last thirty years. The tempo is fast in the first half of the film, in the second it's a snail's pace that not only gives the audience time to guess the film's final conclusion, but also to find out who the ultimate villain is. The mating is more clichéd, Polly Perkins and Sky Captain seem to reunite after several years of separation from a bitter ending romance, and their story is less charming and versatile than annoying and inappropriate. When they finally deal with their mutual feelings toward the end of the film, nobody is surprised, and nobody cares. <br /> <br /> Props to the director for appreciating Bai Ling enough to clothe her in skin-tight vinyl the entirety of the film, and also for the mesmerizing sepia tones that served as a tinge everywhere. Despite all the essential elements of a great movie, however, Sky Captain falls completely in the face. Not even worth the $ 2.75 I paid for the theater.
