In the wake of Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, the British film industry was inundated in the late '90s-early' 00s with bad gangster films that seem even more desperate today than they did then. In one of the ubiquitous big cases of pig pearls, the producers of Rancid Aluminum plastered the citation "The best movie of the century" from a review in all ads, while the rest of the sentence was omitted. That was only because at the time of writing only movie was released in 2000. Looking at the movie today, is it hard to imagine how it was ever made, and a cast that was briefly considered the cream of Cool Britannia's Lads Mags Brigade ?? Rhys Ifans, Sadie Frost, Nick Moran and Joseph Fiennes? but now only a turkey guarantee in a confused version of a confused James Hawes novel. That the action is never explained could be due to the possibility that no one really knows what it is, or perhaps just does not think it's important. It has something to do with the fact that Ifans's businessman, along with Steven Berkoff's murderous Russian criminal lord, was placed in a money laundering or investment system (it's never clear what nobody ever asks) of Fiennes's crooked Irish accountant, who expects the Russians kill off ifans so he can take over his failed society. From then on things get increasingly confused and undervalued. When Ifans alternately screams about how terrible his life is while juggling visits to the fertility clinic, and with his secretary and Tara Fitzgerald's ridiculously acclaimed Russian seducer, Berkoff continues to say "Bizniss" and "Francis" Drake "and Fiennes make a decent Irish accent while proving that just because he played a great writer in Shakespeare in Love, he is not necessarily a good writer when it comes to screenplays. <br /> <br /> The most compelling performances come from Keith Allen and Dani Behr: You know, a film is in big trouble, because Poland is in favor of a Polish-themed Russia, and a strange score that prompts John Barry Pastiche to praise the music for Ennio Morricone Spaghetti Western with a style budget fails completely the cool goals it aspires to, and ends up in a curious, exaggerated, but almost imperceptible plan who sits like a joke dog.
