This movie was a real torture for sitting. His first mistake is to treat atomic energy so naturally that it hardly has to convince the audience. If he bends down to argue his arguments, it leaves the participants breathless with barely substantiated facts; all that is missing is someone who cries "when will someone think of the children!". As I watched this movie, I always thought, "Where did you hear that?" or "that can not possibly be true" - yet little of the information was supported by reliable sources. And bless them, the "normal people" in the film felt more like Luddites than people who understand the pros and cons of nuclear power. To be fair, that could be the fault of the filmmakers, but just as fair it is a condition that the rock stars of the movie share. <br /> <br /> As with the performers ......... Well, some of these people are highly respected musicians whose music I enjoyed, and I'm sure some of them really care about this believed. But they all sound like old hippies gasping desperately for something to dissipate after the 60s passed them by. Especially embarrassing are Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying too hard - he does not seem to believe the things that are told to him (not that I accuse him), but desperately needs to feel noticed and trapped. James Taylor performs the shakiest protest "hymn" of all time, "Stand and Fight," in the most disgusting way you can imagine. In fact, most performances are pretty bland if they do not patronize. Nobody seems to be affected by this event as if it does not mean much to them at all. It's worth mentioning that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be John Hall of the band Orleans, responsible for the most lavish MOR-pop of the 70's. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance With Me" and "Still the One.") It's worth noting, as this is a symbol that the cause does not create a real passion for the music here. The cause is supposedly life or death, but everyone sleeps by his numbers as if he's playing the catskills. Except perhaps Gil-Scott Heron - his protest number "We Almost Lost Detroit" is at least one topic, but with all the complacency of a high school student who is impressed by how "controversial" he is, he is impressed. <br /> <br /> Only the performance of Bruce Springsteen makes a pulse beat faster. I've never been a big fan of the boss, but he absolutely smokes, no question. Part of me thinks he was recorded separately at another event and cut into this movie to arouse the audience. Compared to the general lightheartedness and the atmosphere of complacency, it is no wonder that Bruce was praised as the savior of rock'n'roll. <br /> <br /> But even his performance is hampered by lifeless concert shooting. I do not expect much flashy camera movement from a movie from the '70s, but the recordings are unnecessarily static and are broken down to the tonsils of a back-up singer by split second. Well, part of it may be that the performers are lifeless to begin with. and * maybe * the filmmakers are better at making documentary films than concert recordings - but all you have to do is "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to watch a movie with more skill. And with more exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> So there are only two things to watch for this film: Springsteen's outstanding performance and a sad snapshot of a declining counterculture.
