This extremely weak Australian apology for a movie is similar to the Pavlov Dog experiment among the horror movies. You remember that famous Experiment Conditioned Reflex from your textbooks, right? Russian scientist Pavlov has proved that dogs actually came into the mouth before eating, through repeated routines that stimulate the animal's reflexes. Pavlov rang for a few seconds before the food was delivered to the dog. After a while, he became anxious and excited and already began to split because he heard the sound of the bell. What the hell has all this boring explanation in common with a shabby and cheap Aussie Slasher movie, did I hear you think? Well, the modi Operandi of the Maniacal Killer in "Nightmares" is an exact variant of the Pavlov experiment. Each murder sequence is preceded by the raw tone and image of the killer breaking a window because he / she insists on using a sharp piece of glass to cut the victims. This means that inattentive and bored onlookers nod in after a short time and can easily look up again when they hear the sound of breaking glass. So they still do not miss anything special! <br /> <br /> Regarding the quality of "Nightmares" as a movie I can be very short. This is a cheap, uninspired and largely moronic Aussie entry into the current popular trend of American Slasher films. In the early '60s, a four-year-old daughter witnesses her mother's cruel death when her neck is slashed in an uncomfortable car accident. Twenty years later the same girl? Helen Selleck? is a successful stage actress, but she still has severe mental health issues and regularly suffers from terrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. She plays a role in a black comedy that revolves around death, and takes over the role. Shortly after the big premiere everyone is killed, who is only occupied with the production. It is really aloof how this film tries to maintain the mystery of the identity and motivation of the killer, even if the smallest spectator can find out after the first murder. I do not think I have ever seen a more obvious phenomenon than "Nightmares" and the creators should have shown their face immediately and save themselves from embarrassment. The murders are explicit and very bloody and there is also an unhealthy amount of unfounded nudity that one can "enjoy". However, the production values ​​are bad and therefore the film is never shocking or provocative at one point. The few clips we see of the actual play make it seem like it might be the worst ever played on stage. The only positive elements in the film are the characters of the director and the gay newspaper critic, both of whom are sarcastic and offend the rest of the performers as much as we do. "Nightmares" is a horrible piece of exploding horror movies, but hey, at least I've given you a golden hint to make it more digestible.
