This is a direct sequel to 'The Mummy's Hand' (1940), with lead actor Stephen Banning (played by Dick Foran) now 30 years older, telling the story (with the help of archive footage) of his son's fiancé. There are only two unusual aspects of the film: the early death of Banning and the presence of Turhan Bey. Lon Chaney as Mummy Kharis receives the top billing, although he does justice to the nature of his role has little more to do than to thrash or beat with the poor. There is nothing frightening about his presence, other than his attempt to take fiancée Isobel (Elyse Knox) ​​with him. Dick Foran gets the second bill, but he's dead within the first 15 minutes! We would have to wait until 'Psycho' (1960), when a main character (Janet Leigh) dies long before the end of the film! Banning's buddy from the first movie, Babe Jenson (now Henson), appears a little later, looks much, much older, and does not make any comic drive he made in the original. It's hard to believe it's the same actor! Unfortunately, this great acting job is in vain because after only two short scenes he is killed by Kharis. It then leaves Banning's son John (played by bit player John Hubbard) to lead the hunt to the graveyard - NO! The sheriff leads a torch with a mob to Banning's house to burn him down and kill the mummy. Sound universally familiar? <br /> <br /> Turhan Bey is introduced to the audience as the new High Priest Mehmet Bey to look after and feed Khan's leaves. With his 'exotic' voice and appearance, it's too bad he's so easily killed. In a better movie, 'Babe' would have had to take on Von Helsing's job to track down the mummy, with one last decisive fight against him and Mehmet Bay. Instead, we have a pedestrian rehash with various pieces of kit from earlier Universal horror movies compiled by Hack Griffin Jay, who wrote many other clunkers from Universal, although he also wrote 'Don Winslow of the Navy' (1942) and 'Don Winslow of the Coast Guard '(1943), who also introduced Elyse Knox. Elyse Knox played Anne Howe in six Joe Palooka films (1946-1949) and, of course, Turhan Bey with 43 films and TV credits, is great in the title role of "The Amazing Dr. X" (1948). <br /> <br /> The cinematography is much darker and more atmospheric (with many noiric shadows in the sheriff's office) than the first 'Kharis' mummy movie, but otherwise there is little interesting or exciting. <br /> <br /> I give him a 3.
