An inexpensive, mediocre sequel to the successful "The Mummy's Hand" is believed to have the dead, wicked Professor Andoheb (George Zucco), his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) in search of revenge to America with Mummy Kharis (Lon Chaney, Jr.). Reason for being in disguise ... Any stuntman could do the same credible job that's going around and swallowing the victims) to kill the surviving members of the Banning family, their patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and his assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) found the mummified corpse of Princess Ananka from her grave in Egypt .. Andoheb considers this a hideous desecration, and demands that the family suffer from her having so terribly perpetrated an ancient Egyptian custom. Bey and the mummy Kharis find a nice hideout in a cemetery where the high priest of Karnak can work as a steward. At each full moon Bey Kharis will feed a liquid derived from several Tana leaves, which will not only keep him alive, but will also be subject to the wishes of his master. Bey orders Kharis to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon), while Babe also gives Babe time to become the No. 3 victim. Dr. John Banning wants to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox) ​​I do not know that Bey secretly desires his fiancée and plans to kidnap her with the help of Kharis. John's life is in danger because of his father. He is also the last member of the Banning line. If Bey has Isobel, there is no chance that more bannings will be born. The police must find Kharis and those responsible for his slaughter ... All right. <br /> <br /> This film is a sequel to HAND, which was discontinued years later, as the members of this film, Foran, Ford and Zucco, all appear in "aging" make-up wrinkles show the gaps in The time when Andoheb was preparing for the Bannings' death, John and Isobel's Cornball romance seems to be just in that conspiracy, so that Bey can jeopardize his perfect plan, which was successfully executed before he was put into the Bey just sees her fooling around in the grass with John, all the garbage of "love at first sight" really did not wash me, and you've got the mummy capable of hugging people with one arm Is any mummy really that powerful? This film also uses a lot of footage from the previous movie to save the budget for this sequel.There really is not much story here and yes, typical of universal monster pictures, even in America ignites a mob of people. You know how it will end. John and the overpowering Kharis will find themselves in a huge mansion where fire burns around them and evil sinks into flames.
