Yes, animals have emotions. If you did not know that, then I think you're an idiot. But suppose none of us are idiots. We all know that animals have emotions, and now we want to see how these emotions manifest in nature, right? "Human". The filmmakers look high and low for films of animals that show human behavior, and when it does, they say, "This monkey is almost human!" (That's actually a direct quote). <br /> <br /> Everything is human. They waste time thinking about what makes dogs smile, but they do not even mention what a cock with a tail means. The arrogance of these researchers is disgusting. They even go so far as to show chimpanzees in human clothes wearing a cowboy hat. <br /> <br /> I had counted on revealing documentation of animals on their own terms. I wanted to learn how animals emulate in their own languages. Instead, the researchers resort again and again to pedantic, anthropomorphic observations and assumptions. Add a fun soundtrack and pictures of chimpanzees celebrating "Christmas," and that was enough to make me belly up. <br /> <br /> But it does not end there. Half of this documentation is not shot in the wild, but in laboratories and experimental facilities. All camera images of chimpanzees are through steel bars and we see these monkeys being crowded together in their sterile concrete cages. A particularly sobering moment happens at the beginning (though you must quickly realize it), where a monkey in sign language in sign language says, "Want, hurry up." <br/> Stress tests and psychological experiments that I have to shudder Baby monkeys are separated at birth from their mothers and receive wireframe dolls to prove that baby monkeys long for a "mother figure." And after 40 years of experimentation, the knock smug researchers on the back to get a shiny result: monkeys have emotions A chimpanzee named "Washoe" has been in a concrete cage since 1966 and remains so today We get a quick look (again through bars), like she leans against a concrete wall with a rather lackluster expression, and personally, I do not need to see any more experimental data, Washoe, I apologize for our entire species.
