In a post-apocalyptic environment cyborgs, led by warlord Job, play the population. They basically consider them as cattle because they need fresh human blood to live on. Nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when she was a kid, and it was years later when she met the cyborg face to face again, but this time she was rescued by the cyborg Gabriel, Created to Destroy All Cyborg's job and his men are on their way to conquering a largely populated city, while Nea (in revenge) asks Gabriel to train them to kill cyborgs and she brings them to him Gabriel. <br /> <br /> Writer / director Albert Pyun's favorable, favorable cyborg / post-apocalyptic thrust (who created "Cyborg" in front of it and the blistering "Nemsis" in the same year) is reasonably misguided stuff with some interesting novelties. There are very few structures that feed into the worn-out story, as the turgid script is weak, trite and exaggerated. The leaden banter tries to be funny, but it stinks pretty and looks funny in the unintentional moments. Most occurring actions are pretty pointless and routine. The material could have used a different polish, as it was an inspired idea that was swallowed up by lazy inclusions, missing narration and an almost funny tone. The open-ended cliffhanger end is just too abrupt, especially as a sequel is still pending. It feels as if the money runs out, saying, "Time to pack, let's end another day (or maybe in another decade), there's no hurry." However, it was quite distracting, thanks to its fast pace, some well-executed fights, and George Mooradian's sliding cinematography, which beautifully captured the visually stunning backdrop. Performances are fair. Kris Kristofferson's dry and steel personality works perfectly as Gabriel and the confident, psychic-capable Kathy Long skillfully and aggressively pull off the stunts. However, her play is too wooden. A raiding Lance Henriksen delivers a delicious performance of pure hams, like the malicious cyborg leader Job, who has a constant salivary meltdown. Scott Paulin also drums as one of the cyborgs and Gary Daniels pouts fun. Pyun suggests some exciting martial arts sets that include striking power and free slow motion. A scorching but mechanically sounding music score seeps into the background. The special effects and make-up effects are good enough. Watchable, but not quite a success and minimal restrictions can be a cause.
