I stayed on a cable channel one night a few minutes after the end credits had run, so I did not know who had done it first. The longer I saw it, the more I began to think, "Jesus, that looks like an Albert Pyun stripe." However, this was not exactly certain for two main reasons: the photography was pretty good (and the desert landscape in Utah was beautiful), and Scott Paulin gave a funny performance as Simon, a murderous cyborg, but with a certain sense of humor and humor. Paulin must have insulted the many clever one-liners he shot out because Albert Pyun did not even write funny or coherent in his career. Unfortunately, Paulin does not have much time before he leaves, and the movie is even worse. Lance Henriksen, who plays the evil head of Cyborg, growls through his role, as he has done in countless other films like this one. I do not know what the hell Kris Kristofferson is doing in this matter; Maybe he wanted to see what the Utah desert looked like and get paid for it. He walks through the movie, looks (and sounds) like he just woke up, and spends most of the last half of the movie in a tent on his back. Kathy Long, the nominal hero, has a great body, is attractive, has a great body, fights extremely well, has a great body and does not have a bit of acting, but that does not matter in a movie. Since this is a film by Albert Pyun, it is full of hallmarks that we all know and love: crazy and idiotic dialogue, choppy editing and the impression that they have lost a role in the middle of the picture and "Ah Nobody memorize it. "<br /> <br /> As bad as this movie may be, it's a little above most of Pyun's other endeavors - this is" Citizen Kane "compared to his" brain-numbing "adrenaline" For example: "Feel the Rush". The battles are pretty well done when they repeat themselves (after knocking eight or nine guys down one after another, they say, "All right, go to something else"), and Long is very athletic (and as a precursor) poster has noticed has a great Derrière). It's not a good movie, but it's not as incoherent and incompetent as Pyun's usual extravaganzas. They could make it worse than borrowing this movie - not much worse, of course, but still worse.
