I'm usually a Spike Lee fan. It takes some time to really get into his "mojo," but once you see the clear message and ability to tell the story that matters to him, Lee is a genius. Unlike The 25th Hour or Bamboozled (two of his favorite films), there was no clear story in this film. I could understand the struggle between Washington and the decision to play well or be influenced by others, but for some strange reason, Lee could never find the true feeling. Washington did a decent job with what was given to him, but you could say that this was not Lee's favorite movie. Lee not only staged this film, he also wrote it. You could say it. The camera work was terrible and the writing only contributed to the decay of the film. This movie was closed and would not be nice. Lee was not 100% behind this movie, just like Do the Right Thing. Of all the films I've seen Lee directly, this was the brightest and most modest of his films. It was almost as if he was creating a Hollywood movie rather than a movie of his own. I do not know if he saw the money from Do the Right Thing and ran with it or what? However, this movie did not show his true talent. <br /> <br /> For anyone who has seen this movie and may not have shot anything about Spike Lee because of this movie, I suggest you give it a second chance. Do not get me wrong, I can see exactly where you come from with this movie and why you want to leave that behind, but Lee is growing up. His work becomes more independent, and you can see the transformation of the desire to make money into the desire to make good films. It took a while to see The 25th Hour, but when I did it was brilliant. Maybe it was the actors, maybe the story, but Lee made an amazing movie from a man's journey into the unknown. I think that's what I was hoping Mo 'Better Blues would turn out to be. This really dark journey into the life of a man who really never grew up, but instead I only got Denzel as Denzel. He is truly one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and I consider him the Sydney Poitier of Cinema, but this was not the film that flaunted his talent. <br /> <br /> Another topic I had with it In this movie Spike's sister played one of the love interests. I do not know anything about you and your family, but I do not think I could film a sex scene with my sister. I do not care who the actor is or how much money I get paid, I would never do it. It's just something I never want to see, but apparently Spike is different. He went on and showed without regret the complete nude picture of his sister. It was sad and it even blushed me. I also need someone to answer that question. What did Flavour Flav do to introduce this movie? So I'm sitting on my couch and I'm ready to start the movie when suddenly a voice from the past spells out the studio where this movie was filmed, then he acknowledges himself. That was not a strong rest of the story. Again, I had the feeling that Lee was looking for money instead of talent with this film. Maybe he could afford Denzel and Wesley in the same movie without explosions. <br /> <br /> There were two great scenes in this film that are worth looking through to the end. Do not get me wrong, this was a very bad movie, but there is always a diamond in every alley. The scene in which Bleek accidentally forgets which woman he is with was fascinating. He was constantly going back and forth, confusing the truth with the confusion in a way that proved that Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a visionary scene that was probably lost because of the remaining poor scenes in the shuffle. The other scene worth watching was the way Lee introduced and finished the film. By maintaining the pace and direction, he could turn this tragic figure in a circle and give him the chance to change his life. Apart from these two moments, the rest of the movie was pure garbage and should not be seen unless you are blind. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** out of *****
