It often gets boring in this mawkish jazz biofiction written and directed by Spike Lee. Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a jazz trumpeter who stands in front of a quintet she packs in Below the Outsider. His problems include an incompetent manager, a stage player with saxophonist and two girlfriends with whom he plays musical mattress. However, the true love of his life is his trumpet and his music. Giant, the manager of the band, has a dangerous gambling problem and proves to be an ineffective negotiator with greedy club owners and would best be jettisoned, but Bleek remains loyal for as long as possible. It will prove clumsy as an artist, but ironically contributes to his growth as a man. As Bleek, Denzell Washington is completely wrong as an ambitious trumpeter with a baby on each arm. He's too sweet a guy to be so selfish about his art, to give patience and love to those close to him, with a guarded distance. He just lacks the fire. Wesley Snipes, who plays the saxophone player Henderson, would have been far more appropriate for the role, but even he would have had to throw away the limp joke of Lee's torpidem dialogue. As Giant, Lee meets the Trifecta with a catastrophic performance that matches his writing and direction. Loosely trying to mirror the dingy but likable Ratso Rizzo with Joe Buck from Bleek, he accepts a hobble and even the "I'm going here" moment from Midnight Cowboy. In this case, one wishes, the taxi would run over him and be done with it. Lee's script is all lukewarm reasoning, fierce ribbing and veiled insult with some clumsy editorial staff Lee has to inject to stay low. The scenes between the band members behind the scenes and in the rehearsal lacks sparks and is only surpassed by the Bleek, Giant conversations that have any look and run in a circle. The completion of this travesty is Lee's sophisticated visual style. Tracking shots, zooms and pans are wasted and meaningless for scenes. They only hike. <br /> <br /> Blues is Lee's love letter to jazz (implied by the mounds of memorabilia plastered throughout the sets), and it's all a sentimental gossip trap lacking in passion and verve. Jazz on film is better served by Tavernier's "Round Midnight" and Eastwood's "Bird", which are surfacing, showing more sides of form, leaving the pain behind, and offering superior lead performances by Forrest Whitaker and Dexter's real deal Gordon This Spike Lee Joint does not even offer a mild hum. It's pretty bad indigenous.
