There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini movie they see and ordinary people. I admit that I really enjoyed some of his films, but I can honestly say that I can not stand some. Incidentally, my opinion is not just a bit of a reaction - I've seen most of Fellini's films and seen many films by the most famous directors in the world. In that sense, I think that the most overrated and annoying directors can be both Godard and Fellini. Both have thrilled at the bizarre and often unsurpassed and yet have been honored by critics and the "intelligentsia", while the average person would never sit in some of his films. Heck, even someone who loves international cinema will generally be in the cold when he sees some of these films. Since only a small clique actually sees their films and they already tend to see the directors as geniuses, it is not surprising that their films are so often praised - it's like a cult! If you do not believe me, think of many of Godard's films like FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE ... or what about FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET OF THE SPIRITS? These movies are full of boredom, madness and incomprehensibility. Now I'm NOT saying that a movie can not be weird (after all, I love HAPPINESS OF KATAKURIS and SHAOLIN SOCCER), but it has to be seen! <br /> <br /> Now for this movie. Somehow, Fellini has managed to write a story about a sexually obsessive man who is totally boring and unsexy. This is not an easy task - it has taken a lot of work to make it so unsurpassed. Instead of cheap sexual experiences, the sex acts are choreographed stupidly and annoyingly, while the character of Casanova is buried under so much make-up and prosthetics that Donald Sutherland looks like a ghoul. I know that part of it must have been Fellini's intention, but many viewers will be completely bored with this sterile performance - especially since Sutherland's lines are all poorly translated into Italian and he does not look or sound like himself! Unfortunately, if the movie is not wrapped up in those boring sexual escapades, there's really nothing else to see. <br /> <br /> An interesting note to the first sexual conquest that is shown in this boring movie is that the actress looks amazing like a younger version of Fellini's wife Giulietta Masina. Considering that Fellini used to play Masina characters like a prostitute and a terribly abused woman in earlier decades, it seems he really hated his wife and showed it on screen. I've read a bit about her and her stormy relationship, and that seems to be confirmed. This is the only aspect of this turbulent film that I found interesting at all. Do not say I did not warn you!
