Alleged sexual assault, along with several other unpleasant peccadillos, including the improper use of a broom, are made by a "slightly backward" student against half a dozen of the most popular high school jocks in Glen Ridge, New Jersey (Heather Matarazzo). The investigation and the construction of the case will be handed over to the Prosecutor's Office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz are in charge. Rumors of the case spread in Glen Ridge, a suburb of the upper middle class where the jocks are worshiped by everyone in the community. (One of her fathers is a police lieutenant.) Nobody believes Matarazzo. "Our boys would never carry such a slut into the basement, rape her and expose her to such sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will ever be able to formulate a sufficiently conclusive case so that they can bring the jocks to justice. Matarazzo is not an ideal plaintiff. She is desperate for love and friendship, and that makes it easy for false friends to mislead them into false statements. A slimy reporter says, "You can trust me," but it turns out the reporter can not be trusted. Another student, a very popular girl at school, pulls a Linda Tripp on Matarazzo and pretends to be her bosom friend, but she keeps asking her questions about the incident - and the results! As a result, it's a rollercoaster ride to follow this story. At first it looks like a good case for Sheedy and Stoltz. But then, oops, the church organizes against the law. Then it looks good again. Then the reporter interferes. Then this obstacle is no longer overcome when Linda Tripp puts her big nose in the investigation and publishes the tapes that suggest that Matarazzo lied. (Well, she actually lied - but she lied to her interrogator to please her.) Then that's over, but Matarazzo disagrees because she does not want to be labeled "backward." Eric Stoltz is doing well with the prosecutor. I say that for the simple reason that he and I lived in Pago Pago at about the same time. (I hope he was not the boy I had a fight with at the Seaside Club bar, and if that's the case, I'll take my compliment back.) Ally Sheedy is a strange actress and hard to characterize. She did a wonderful, self-controlled job in "Fine Art", but I did not feel any particular effort in that role, which was more of a formula anyway. I mean, neither she nor Stoltz or anyone else could do a brave performance in a comic book story. The producers and the director had the good sense to choose Heather Matarazzo for the victim role. The worst thing they could have done is an ethereally lovely neotenous blond. Instead, Matarazzo, without being ugly at all, looks rather plain and this ordinary quality is complemented by their care and make-up. The writers did not turn them wistfully and gently. She has a temper and is sometimes irritating to hear what's good for you. Matarazzo's character is the best that is drawn in the movie. The jocks are stereotypes. The Pure evil. They think beyond the law, throw themselves on a nice girl's party in East Orange, destroy the place during a party that is far worse than the sounding orgy of "La Dolce Vita", and go out without explanation or apology. They deserve to get it down - and they do it. <br /> <br /> I have called this a comic book story and that's pretty much what it is. It does not question any of our prejudices. It reaffirms the belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. And we have no doubt who is who. What I'm waiting for - not really, that's just rhetorical - is a movie that looks almost like this and a dozen others, but in which the victim lies to get his name and a photo in the papers and collect everything Sympathy chips from right thinking people like the rest of us. <br /> <br /> The movie is based on a true story, like so many others we've all seen, and even more fictional features. (Eg "The Defendants.") Some are good, others are strictly routine. OK. Because of me. Well, when do we see a movie about the Tawana Brawley case in which the teenage girl disappeared for a few days on a whim, then her friends undressed her, tied her up and smeared her with dirt so she could claim she was off the police have been abducted and raped? Well, that would be a challenge in a way that just is not.
