Six GIs, who are being sent home and released, are getting drunk and sneaking into a cult gathering in Asia. Surrounded by hooded figures, two male dancers fight each other. Behind them, on an altar, a wicker basket opens, a painted figure emerges and begins to imitate a snake that finally bites one of the dancers by the neck. The imitation snake is dressed in slightly body-toned pantyhose. (This is definitely a female imitation snake.) The cult member she sneaked into the secret congregation has repeatedly warned the six men that the ceremonies must not be interrupted and in any case no photos may be taken, otherwise they will be hunted down and killed. Of course the GIs take a flash photo, send the cult members into an angry hysteria, steal the basket with the "snake" and run into the Asian night. <br /> <br /> One of the Guys Most attacks and villains die from a cobra bite on the neck, though no one can explain how the snake got into his sickroom. Back in New York, all this seems to be a pretty old message. Men get involved in their civilian lives and maintain their connection with each other. Her jobs range from manager of a bowling alley (David Janssen) to doctoral student (Richard Long). James Dobson, Jack Kelly and Marshall Thompson are also part of the neighborhood. Richard Long has a nice blonde girlfriend. Kelly is a reckless womanizer. But everyone gets along well and everyone seems to be happy. Then a dark, inconspicuous, mysterious woman (Faith Domergue), who likes Marshall Thompson, appears and she subordinates the group. <br /> <br /> Guess what happens. First, Janssen is afraid of a shadow in the backseat and dies in a car accident. Then Kelly is visited by Domergue. Something frightens him so much that he falls through the window and falls on the sidewalk in autumn. Long and Dobson sense what the viewer already knows - that Domergue has something to do with the deaths. They also believe that she may turn into a cobra, which is the case. Dobson confronts her with his suspicions and proves his point of view. In the meantime, Long and Thompson have become confused, especially Thompson, who loves Domergue and has found that she is attracted to him as well, even though he has to explain to her what "love" is. No matter. One last ruthless attack of the Cobra woman against Long's girlfriend - not one of the six original culprits - and Thompson must throw the serpent out the window. On the sidewalk below, the body changes into Domergue's. The end. <br /> <br /> I think I'll skip most of the questions the plot poses. I just mention one of the more prosaic ones. Who paid for the Domergue flight from anywhere in Asia to New York? Who pays their bills in the hotel? Who paid for their spectacular wardrobe? Why does she speak American English so well? What the hell is going on? The authors and the director have clearly seen some of the modest horror films of Val Lewton and, although not much effort has been put into this production, they have brazenly stolen some of Lewton's baubles. In Lewton's The Cat People, for example, the woman turns into a black leopard, but with a tiny exception, the threat is always kept in the shadows and is even scarier for her. Most transformations also use shadows, but unlike Lewton, the shadows are awkward and unique. <br /> <br /> Lewton also occasionally used what he called "buses." Lewton's first "bus" was literally. A potential victim hurries alone through the dark tunnels of Central Park with just a sound of footsteps. Something or someone follows her. She freezes in fear under a street lamp. Something rustles the branches of the shrubs above her. She looks up. There is a loud, panting cry that makes your hair stand upright. It's a bus that uses its brakes to stop for them. The producers used at least two "busses" in this movie and they mean nothing. A guy, for example, gets distracted by a crossroads, and suddenly a truck rumbling almost hits him. The shot is not set up. It is pinched with a shoe horn. <br /> <br /> I'm not particularly interested in movies that portray snake stereotypes as slimy, ugly, poisonous and phallic. In fact, no snakes are slimy, most are harmless and many are exceptionally beautiful. Moreover, they are more female than male in their curvy movements and their serpentine approach to goals. You want a reptile symbol for masculinity? Try a six-line racer. It's a really fast lizard. When it sees something to eat, it springs open and devours it. <br /> <br /> If you want to see some good, low-budget horror movies, do not worry. Find "The Cat People" or one of Lewton's other smaller masterpieces, of which this is an obvious copy.
