Despite the seriousness of the subject and probably the good intentions of the filmmakers to make a film dedicated to white superiority, the inconsistencies of its main character Bronson Green, the aspiring New York actor, easily make the laymanhood of LA Green, the constant of Los Angeles Casting's agent is denied because he is outdated (ie New York when the 80's look for big, blond and stupid things), he finds success when he's ready to falsify his image. Unfortunately, the new hair color and satisfying "surfer" attitude gives him an acting opportunity at the Jericho Church, which subscribes to the white supremacist teachings of the Aryan nation. Green is ready to easily forget his past and especially turn his back on his young black friend of ten years to become the new spokesman for the church. That does not make sense, because our character is basically basic. It is this sudden and loose change in character, combined with a sudden return to the hardened DeNiro obsession (like his cabbie character) that is able to fight the bad guys. A noble attempt by the filmmakers, but ultimately proves to be anything but serious. <br /> <br /> The other characters are also quite annoying and what we need to recognize in them comes to light - the Psychotic Paranoia of the church leader, the self-interested actress (the first girlfriend Bronson has in LA) and the new blonde girlfriend, whose character has so little development that she mostly just walks for a walk. We should only see them in fleeting moments when something accidental forces us to make assumptions about the characters. But there is really little development from them. <br /> <br /> The other problem with this movie is the ungodly time when the characters are involved in very minor actions. Much of the beginning obviously concerns the introduction of the characters, and later we see Bronson's difficulties in breaking into LA's drama scene and the frustrations that result from the constant rejection. But after he has willingly changed his looks and personality to be accepted, there is at least twenty to thirty minutes of wasted film in which very little of anything happens. <br /> <br /> For films looking to raise awareness of the irrational fears of racism, this has not been done with enough credibility.
