I'll probably be pretty penetrating if I hate this movie. I think I did not come before me with the right, sober nostalgia of the generation. But suffice to say: St Elmo's Fire was pretty fucking horny, even when it comes to Brat Pack movies. <br /> <br /> Here's another fine example of the smug, selfish neurosis all 80s (RENT, anyone?) The plot is virtually non-existent and the philosophies are at best kitchy, the remainder delivered bad. The complete lack of something that resembles sympathetic characters does not help the situation. There really was no growth, no forward movement at all. Even the suicide scene in the climate was effectively neutered by again refusing to death or something that resembles reality or the life of an adult, let in. Each cookie cutter figure simply goes over that you can hate them in the wildest and most predictable way possible. The stalker is a crawler for no apparent reason except that he is a stalker and Andie MacDowell is great. The Jackass does everything in his power to keep reminding you that he is a Jackass. The beautiful slut really hides soulful, deep pain with a wild lifestyle. The poet interfere and hopes for full 3/4 of the film until he (!) Reveal can that he is in fact full of teddy bears and sunshine and rainbows. The Virgin is finally a whole, happy people, after having taken all the wishes of the Virgin after a hot roll with a Jackass in the sack before he gets her to really change (for real this time). The cheating bastard cheats until it's time to get caught. And finally, the feminists indulge themselves in pouring holy water on every soul that initiates "engagement." <br /> <br /> What brings me to my last beef? What connection of super cement did these people make as friends? I can not imagine being just one of them ... Now think of the vortex that all narcissism generates in one measure. And they were all so dreadful - heads in toilets, near rape, and slept with every man. The cherry was after two BFFs like a total baboon after she had a crush on the feminist, she's like, "Um, actually I want to be more along with any of you Let's be friends and we can each hang completely awkward every day.! knowing that I can join together with one or the other at some point, but none of them is satisfactory enough to get involved (NOT tHAT WORD!) "and all smile as they would say." Golly, I never thought of it! what a great idea! " <br /> <br /> Only it is not. Somehow in the way that the reputation of this movie is not.
