Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are devoted siblings who share an apartment and love to do many things - ballroom dancing, movie musical of the 1940s and, to their surprise, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Gray is historically heterosexual and confused by her new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray Matters turns out to be one of the wildest movies I've ever seen. It's boring, predictable, unstable, poorly played and poorly written. Nothing felt real and everything was very cheesy. This is not a romantic comedy with a twist, but rather a coming out movie. Sue Kramer tried to make the first half sweet with the romantic stuff and the second half with the actual acceptance and the coming out of parts seriously. Unfortunately, she failed miserably. The first half was largely unhappy and only Heather Graham could hold it. Then the film took on an unpleasant tone and became serious. The serious scenes were treated badly and all the emotions just did not feel right. <br /> <br /> I think I would have enjoyed the movie a bit more if the relationships between the characters felt more authentic. The relationship between brother and sister was very weak and they did not seem to be that close. Their relationship just did not feel very natural. The relationship between Tom and Bridget was also very unnatural. If two people get married after knowing each other for less than a week, you would expect a bit more excitement, but the characters talked about marrying in Vegas in the same way as asking a waiter about the specifics , There was a lack of excitement in the film and it was hard to interfere with such unmotivated characters in the film. <br /> <br /> The acting was mostly weak, which was a bit surprising given the good cast. Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the film. It was funny and had some charming scenes, but it's too bad that all of their co-stars were complete duds. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and her performance was wrong on all levels. It also seemed like she was reading her lines. Thomas Cavanagh was pretty wooden and he showed almost no emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather did not exist and that damaged the movie because their relationship was wrong. Normally I can count on Molly Shannon playing a supporting role, but here she was just annoying. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes and she was annoying in both. After all, Alan Cumming was embarrassing and his performance was not very good. Overall, Gray Matters is a lame movie and it's not worth looking at. Rating 3/10
