I had to go out this movie fifteen minutes after the end ... after I left the fright phase and got bored. What really scares me, I mean, really worries me, is that there are people who refer to this aimless chatter as "adorable" or "must see". I would deeply sympathize with those affected if it did not give the impression that most of the positive comments on this flat and humorless travesty were written by industrial companies. The truth is that this is a lame movie that is neither entertaining nor enlightening. It is extremely unstable, poorly written and has the speed and energy of a cold canned rice pudding. To be kind to Mrs. Kramer, the best thing to say is that it was a missed opportunity because I had read the summary before I looked at it, I had expected a bit more challenge. The potential misinterpretations of brother-sister attachment, the unexpected awakening of "sisterly" sexuality, and the curious potential of such sibling rivalry (for the same girl's affections) were all obvious subjects for a refreshing comic exploration, yet shy at any time the movie is frustrating. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience is exposed to a series of uninspired and bland situations, with clichéd characterizations and boring performances of a performer who obviously fights for his beliefs need much closer direction. The lack of direction control seems amazing; On the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek are very pedestrian, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - especially the latter - sometimes lead to embarrassing overcompensations. You could blame the director for that - maybe Sue Kramer hopes her actors, if they are over-acting, will force a bigger laugh from the audience. On the other hand, the cast is a veteran; One would expect them to do better. Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully about what kind of films she wants to make for whom. Given the potential issues that Gray Matters alludes to, and the inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of a comedy, she may want to consider writing dramas. I know that making films about women and women is never easy, especially if you want to reach a wider audience than women alone. But no matter which direction she takes, insignificant and weak characters like Gray will not cut off the mustard.
