This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You should not watch this movie, but if you insist on wasting your time, stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matters focuses on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are brother and sister; living together in the eyes of everyone else as husband and wife. No sex, but just everything else. The film starts early with the theme: "The most absurd in the most absurd moment, where you have the most absurd reactions suspected". Gray and Sam decided to check the dog park with a borrowed puppy dog. Instead, urge her brother to be the first to see the skinny woman see her for him. She does it and also answers the most important questions. When she signals her brother to come over, they start a three-way date. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is the girl of her dreams, like all the right things, etc.? Sam hits Gray over the head and the couple ends the appointment with a marriage proposal! That Charlie accepted! In a week Charlie, Gray and Sam are supposed to be in Vegas. The next week Charlie and Gray buy wedding dresses (apparently Charlie has a figure off the shelf). Gray slurps an icy bar when Charlie suggests that she try on some clothes for Gray and pick out a $ 10,000 dress for her. While Charlie zips her in this "down payment on a house" dress, Gray continues to sip on the crossbar (I swear it was like a food bag). What should happen, but "Woops!" Latte in the whole dress. It is never explained how they came out of Bloomingdale's Bridal Salon with a $ 10,000 moka robe. Back to reality '?? Caesar's Palace Las Vegas. They have the "High Roller Room" (Sam is a resident surgeon and Charlie is an internal zoologist, where do they get all the money from?) Gray steps into the single room in the hallway so she and Charlie can have a bachelorette Guess - they kiss. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers Nada. They make it to the wedding chapel and right when the Reverend comes to his line. "If anyone is here who has any objection to the union of these two love birds." Gray gets the hiccup. Gray apologizes, for some reason the Reverend has to repeat his last line and then "hiccup" again in the queue. Gray returns to NY and starts dating literally with every man she meets. And of course you have guessed it again! Cheerfully. The other is a jerk and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordy. He's beaten by Gray, but the feelings are not returned. They become good friends. That's a good thing when she comes in with Sam about the kiss. He blows up and throws her out of her apartment. When Sam comes to his senses, he goes to her office. Gray works in an advertising agency. This office is located in the middle of the twilight zone. It has cameras and microphones in all conference rooms, which are transmitted to all computer monitors at the agency. Sam picks up Gray in one of the conference rooms for a private conversation and ends up with her throughout the office. Here I doubt that there was a gay or lesbian man in the crew: Gordy comes to her rescue and persuades her to go to a lesbian bar. "Sorry, no men," says the bouncer. So, Gray and Gordy come back with Gordy. Bad Train He wore a sleeveless black satin-like blouse, a pearl necklace, and the church hat of a grandma. No lesbian would ever mistake this "man in the dress" as a drag queen, let alone a woman. The bar was also the fantasy of the straight man, which is a lesbian bar: full of Victoria's Secret models. Everything turns out peachy? She goes home with the client of her company. Gray happens to be on the woman's account and finally kisses more than just. For some reason, nobody tells Charlie anything and she's not paying attention to Gray during the entire movie of this kiss, but that's for the sequel.
