When you see a movie as stupid as "Hot Rod", you have to sit back, relax and put your intellectual skills in a similar state. In this case, it is a state so weak that it endures a brainless rumble that was somehow considered comedy. With a short run of 88 minutes, this movie was long gone and buried itself under a bunch of repetitive jokes. Jokes that were in the minority and were not funny at all. The basic material of "Hot Rod" is as superficial and irrelevant as the 2004 cult hit "Napoleon Dynamite", though it is much more thoughtful and does not require a laugh. In fact, the film's apparent despair of being compared to "Napoleon Dynamite" is scornful and offensive and has cut me off rather than annoying me. The film, when one was forced to call him That's a pathetic story that puts the self-proclaimed stuntman Rod Kimble in front of us, with the insignificant intention of jumping fifteen buses (one more than his idol from whom Evel Knievel jumped) Rod tells us) and $ 50,000 for him collects the step-father's upcoming life-saving heart surgery; everything so that he can fight his stepfather as soon as he recovers and earns his respect? because to gain respect, you have to fight them first. Huh Whatever. Each character is no more interesting than Rod's sticky mustache, and from the film's first joke to its ridiculous conclusion, each scene was played like a nonsensical and terribly boring SNL sketch. This is essentially what "hot rod" means with an additional 85 minutes. <br /> <br /> The star of the film, Andy Samberg, contributed to an effort that made the screen observable until eternity-influenced drops of his comedic ability. Unfortunately ?? rather realistic? His humorous talents are no more admirable than a five-year-old who has told his own exhausted joke that somewhere is contained the innocent raw poop and pee scourge. And if that's disappointing, pull a chair, hide your face in your hands, and get ready for the right blow: it's the humor of the movie! To save her from her humiliation, I will voluntarily leave out the atrocities of the roles of Samberg co-stars and leave the second-third of The Lonely Island team, director Akiva Schaffer, to his nonexistent talent as a director. Basically, all you could do to trample a crash course comedy is perfectly represented here. and made as arrogant as if the movie was funnier that way. Do you dare to believe that there is only one laugh in this bunch, or do you allow yourself another movie? EVERY other movie.
