Many have said that Orca ?? Killer Whale is a Jaws rip off. This is not really true, though Jaws's enormous commercial success has undoubtedly turned these people into .vs. Beast stories more attractive proposals for filmmakers in the second half of the 70s. Orca ?? Killer whale is better than describing a modern retreading by Moby Dick. It's a story about obsession. On the one hand, the inevitable search of a whale to avenge the death of his companion; on the other hand, the obsessive search of a bounty hunter to kill the whale before he can claim more lives. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale turns out to be a very disappointing movie whose fundamentally interesting ideas are ruined by hammy performances and absurd disappearance. <br/> <br /> The shark hunter Nolan (Richard Harris) meets the oceanographer Rachel Bedford (Charlotte) Rampling) off the Canadian Atlantic coast. Their meeting almost ends in disaster when Rachel's team is attacked by a Great White Shark, but a killer whale arrives just in time to stop the shark. After that, Nolan is increasingly obsessed with catching a killer whale and selling it to an aquarium. But his plans fail when he accidentally kills a pregnant woman of the species while the distraught man watches. Rachel tells Nolan that a killer whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with a strong memory and feelings like a human being. Worse, native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will always remember its grief and will do anything to avenge itself. Nolan first tries to forget the whole regrettable incident, but the whale causes havoc in the fishing town, and the angry natives urge Nolan to go out to sea to find and destroy him. At some point, Nolan is forced to pursue the killer whale? The hunt leads to the abandoned ice floes of the Arctic Ocean, where humans and animals play their last fatal battle against each other. <br /> <br /> There are two things in this movie. One of them is Ennio Morricone's haunting film music (perhaps the greatest composer of film music of all time, his talent was wasted in the 70s and 80s with several tenth clunkers). The other is the amazing widescreen photography by Ted Moore, which makes the movie thoroughly enjoyable. In any other department, Orca? Killer Whale is a modest film that does not improve the reputation of its talented cast and crew. Harris seems to be extremely ill throughout the movie, his hair is disheveled, black rings around his eyes and the skin is deadly pale. His performance lacks the usual vitality. Rampling takes a lot of sexy poses, but does not convince with her lengthy and poorly informed explanations about the whales. The rest of the actors are wasted in short and undeveloped roles, and Bo Derek becomes the most memorable as he gets his leg bitten by the vengeful whale. The property is total nonsense from beginning to end, with such absurd sequences as the whale, which deliberately sets off a fire in the fishing village, devouring and destroying the local refinery! While it is credible to assume that whales are intelligent creatures with real emotions, the notion that a whale could take revenge on a single human opponent and run it in such a calculated way is utterly absurd. Orca ?? Killer whale is really one for enforcers of man .vs. Animal cycle from the late 70s. Most of them will leave the film, shaking their heads in disbelief and gritting their teeth desperately.
