This movie can not decide if its message is "Humans are evil and evil and animals are sweet and impeccable" or "never go back to the water". A fisherman (Nolan) is out to catch a killer whale, which is very bad, but if he accidentally (accidentally marks) hits a pregnant cow instead of her buddy, the cow - and I use the word in all directions - who is obviously a sick psycho slut and the canonical villain of the play - throws himself against the propellers who try to chew themselves in the most torturous and abominable way, not to mention the ineffective way to kill themselves. (I doubt that was her first.) As her unborn fetus breaks away from her vile, self-inflicted wounds, her buddy becomes mentally vexed with vengeance, vowing to hurt, kill, and maim anyone who even speaks to Nolan , As with humans, the total psychos obviously date other total psychics. <br /> <br /> The film stinks of a half-thought-out anti-human message: "Poor poor whale !! The evil men must suffer and die!" and yet it is not possible to demonize Nolan at all. It is true that when he set out, his motives were selfish and cruel, but at the first squeak of the first whale he grows a heart, and as the movie progresses it grows more and more with the pain of the whale, until he has the impression that he will go on the ice and give himself to the whale just to make him feel a little better. <br /> <br /> The last journey of the film, in which Nolan follows the whale on a bizarre journey to the north, reminds me of Melville's sinister man-whale connection, and for a moment this suggested a really interesting conclusion in which these two husbands get in touch with each other and even understand that they understand each other in their own grief, because Nolan also lost his wife and unborn child in an accident. It is clear that Nolan respects the whale and feels his loss. However, it never goes there. The whale character has no pity or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The final scene loses this focus and becomes jaw-like, where the Sea Monster finally kills everyone and Nolan fails, and undoubtedly by mistake, to stir up the Wal-Hugger (he used to grab her head well) love animals and hate whaling, and besides, I hate orca whales, but if the movie is to make me feel that the whale was the victim and that people are evil and abominable, he has completely failed. Nolan shows compassion and growth and feels responsible for others, and all the whale thinks is killing and maiming. <br /> <br /> The only message you can go with is: "If you see an Orca whale, always and everywhere, go the other way, because if you step on its wrong path, it will become you hunt to the ends of the earth and destroy everything around you. "
