This movie deserves another bad review. Imagine a critic praising the virtues of the film: "No sex, violence or blood". Excuse me. The exact shot of the film makes us watch as a young comrade of Cody, who has the love of life and who has everything to live, is torn to pieces and leaves Cody his lifeless, bloody body. And given the nature of the war, we know that Cody saw terror almost every day. So much for those who look at this film with such glasses that the violence that defines Cody's personality is erased from the viewer's memory. Sans every family of his own Cody, like John Rambo, rides his bike across the country The long hike to his hometown of USA in the guise of a place called Nevada City. No mention, no realization of the clear fact that Cody is damaged goods. We know this since his commissioner practically explained him when he ordered Cody to "recover" from the death and destruction of the war. This explains, since it obviously nobody notices, Cody obviously "flat" acts. It is not a bad spectacle. It is the flat effect of post-traumatic stress disorder. Not to guess, remember that his commander ordered him off the battlefield. <br /> <br /> How about this "accidental" kiss, as stated in another report? The fall was an accident, not the kiss. How exactly did Cody respect Faith by stating her and knowing that she knew she was being addressed? That was a moment when it was not about the family. A moment that will then be announced to the immediate universe like on YouTube. Of course, the faith failure of Faithfulness, as well as Cody's "coming up" to a woman planning to marry another, are taken up in the spirit of the Christmas season, all of which are the hearts and lips of the cheaters. <br /> <br /> We know little about Faith's fiancé except that she confesses her love for him, she does not take more than a second to accept his suggestion (could have waited if any second thoughts came up) he is generous, he loves her to death, the family does not really have anything against him, he believes that marriage is based on compromise and the two have never thought about plans for marriage. No evil doers here. <br /> <br /> Asner is a good actor given about the mountain dialogue, such as "We love you, son ...". "You're part of our family," literally days after meeting a stranger's name was Cody. And the "Band of Brothers" speech, which was all about the phrase, was never intended to refer to virtual strangers outside the battlefield. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: This film is a cotton candy Christmas fluff that reveals itself in a significant way. Largest in applauding Cody's disrespect for Faith by physically striking her and knowing she spoke for it. Redefining the family as we know it means accepting a virtual stranger as a full, affectionate member of the family because we all love you. How many of you have done that or know who did it. NOT.
