Orca starts with crispy Irish sea captain Nolan (Richard Harris). His crew is trying to capture a Great White Shark so he can sell it for a lot of money. Unfortunately, an unfortunate marine biologist named Ken (Robert Carradine) comes under fire. Hai is killed by a killer whale, which awakens Nolan's interest in killer whales and decides he wants to catch one of them instead. As he tries to do so, he catches a pregnant woman and injuries, to the point of breaking off her unborn fetus on deck, causing chaos and angering her buddy. Nolan orders the whale to be thrown into the sea, which happens. The male killer whale is annoyed to say the least and kills one of Nolan's crew before they reach the arid land of Newfoundland in Canada. Once the killer whale makes a series of attacks on the city, Nolan tries to lure Nolan out to the sea for a fight to the death ... <br /> <br /> Under the direction of Michael Anderson, I found this blatant rip-off terrible, I'm sorry, but I thought it would be just ridiculous and boring in modest 90 odd minutes. The screenplay by producer Luciano Vincenzoni & Sergio Donati is so stupid that I lose myself in words. The fact that it seems to be very serious does not help. If I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling, keep up with how smart Killer Whale's are. Just one more time I'll scream. I'm sorry, but I just do not think a killer whale is smart enough to know who a particular boat belongs to and sink it. I do not think a killer whale can cause a massive explosion, including hitting an oil lantern from a wall. On the other side, it's because there's no way on Earth to know it was there. I do not think a killer whale can identify someone's house, knows someone is there and deliberately ruins it, I do not think a killer whale can move icebergs to catch a boat. I do not believe that killer whales can physically recognize humans. I do not think it has any acts of revenge, or at least no one as strong as that stupid movie. Maybe I'm a bit tough, I mean, it's only a movie after all, but it's a movie that's trying to be serious and things are so ridiculous that I half expected the killer whale to write a letter to Nolan, to tell him His plan & his hand (or should that be?) delivered it, the thing seemed smart enough to do anything else. You should have asked him for a cure for colds! Seriously, that's a statement that will not be picked up further than anything else in this movie. I found the movie very boring, totally boring and had terrible characters that were not present on the screen at all. It goes without saying that this is a rip-off of Jaws (1975), which does not even come close to the Spielberg classic. <br /> <br /> Director Anderson is not a Spielberg that's safe. This garbage film is absolutely tensionless. Fear, tension or atmosphere at all. All attack scenes are as boring as rinse water and completely forgotten, there is no accumulation and virtually no reward, as Orca does not eat a single person. Then there are the scenes that literally made me laugh, the killer whale shots that seem to cry are pure comedy and the opening scenes of the two killer whales, which I suspected was "lovingly" and "lovingly" Couple show, but I could not. I can not imagine that this comes closest to killer whale porn, the weirdest stuff. The footage of the killer whales themselves is boring and boring. Instead of footage that blurs and enhances the scenes around them, it looks like gloomy documentary material from the wildlife world that has little connection to anything else. Do you have the impression that I do not like this movie? Well. Forget about any kind of blood or decent deaths. There is a short scene in which Bo Derek has bitten off his legs, but blinks and you will miss it. <br /> <br /> This probably had a pretty big budget and it's still shit, there's nothing extraordinary about Orca, it's well done, I think, but flat, bland and totally forgotten. The cinematography is nice though. Acting is bad, rampling is awful and the Irish accent of the late Harris is embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Orca is a lame Jaws rip-off who totally ignores or messes up anything that makes Spielberg's movie so good for bad movie lovers everywhere. Definitely not recommended, though not as bad as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
