I recently watched this movie on the Hallmark Channel. In my opinion, the film started decent, but eventually got angry. <br /> <br /> The story: A US soldier in Afghanistan receives one of the Christmas cards a US woman sent to troops for Christmas. He is so inspired by the Christmas card that he believes she gave him a ray of hope and happiness in his life, a motivation to keep going. When he is on leave, he goes to the city where the woman lives. He comes to a spunky young woman and finally learns that she has sent the Christmas card. He gets to know the family and after driving over his father (a Vietnam war veteran) in front of a car before crossing the road, the family decides to take him in for a while. We learn that he has no family at home. The soldier agrees to help the family during the Christmas period by working with the lumberjack company. The family loves him and vice versa. The soldier also falls in love with the daughter of the family - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There's only one problem. She already has a serious relationship with a man she is in love with. It's also a long distance relationship. The friend is very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and travel to France of hard work and nature. The woman prefers the latter. Throughout the rest of the film, there is a "love triangle" as the woman's friend is back in town to visit for the season. Everyone in the family seems to want the daughter to be with the soldier and the mother wants what is best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** The woman likes the soldiers more and more, because she has a lot in common. They spend a lot of time together. She is gradually attracted to his personality. Then one day he kisses her and she kisses him back. Now she is so confused! She's in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him one day, but she loved the soldier so much. Soon the friend (who does not know the kiss but protects the woman very much and thinks the soldier was trying to approach her) decides to make a suggestion to the woman, and she agrees. His plans for marriage, however, are not plans she wants. She wants to be at home, have children and be close to her family. He wants to travel the world, visit exotic places and if they have children, he wants to take them with them. That does not sound particularly stimulating to the woman. The soldier, however, feels bad about what he has done and does not want to make things worse. So he decides to leave the city, even though the father asks him to stay and be with his daughter. Everything comes to a head when we find out at church service that the soldier has not left yet. The friend and the woman talk to each other outside and he decides, broken heart, basically, to let her go and to part with her. The film ends with the woman and the soldier coming together. <br /> <br /> Things I like: I like the soldiers throughout the movie. He is basically nice and polite and has a strong sense of doing good for others. There are moments when the family goes to church and works for charity. the family holds its hands and prays at the table during a dinner; Father and mother have a long and obviously healthy marriage. The soldier tries to do the right thing in a situation after doing something very wrong. <br /> <br /> Things I do not like: There is a very typical "love triangle" story in this film. the soldier becomes angry as he slowly and subtly interacts with the woman and finally kisses her, if she already has a boyfriend; Most family members practically applaud this behavior - the family goes with the church and attends church services, but that's the way they act; There is a bad language. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I was disappointed when the movie went on and it got worse and worse. I made a quick run at the end of the movie because I had enough. The movie started with a few jewels, but it ruined itself. That's why I do not recommend this movie to anyone.
