THE FBI STORY (1959) was Warner Bros. 149 minutes epic tribute to the famous criminal police! From a book by Don Whitehead comes a somewhat tedious screenplay by Richard L. Green and John Twist, which was led by Mervyn LeRoy only with a certain flair. However, it had a magnificent color cinema camera by Joseph Biroc and a helpful score by the music mage Max Steiner of the studio. The film reveals the history of the office from its beginnings in the twenties to the modern era and its present day. All this is made clear by the memories of the aging demanding agent Chip Hardesty (James Stewart) when looking back at one of his investigative experiences Class of young budding agents relates. But it's all very lengthy and episodic! And as it progresses, it looks like a TV miniseries rather than a major movie production, while the young Hardesty gets to grips with American crime using such notorious criminals as "Baby Face" like Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger and so on nefarious organizations like the Ku Klux Klan, Nazi spy rings and the Red Menace. And here it must be said that the FBI STORY would probably have only had a forgotten disaster for the screen presence and the charm of its star. In addition, this is another problem with the picture - Stewart can carry the entire movie almost alone! With the exception of Vera Miles, who plays the ungrateful role of being his boring but devoted wife, he is surrounded by a cast of smaller players! Meanwhile, expect someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance, or even Raymond Burr to welcome you as a gangster or police chief or whatever. Nothing as imaginative as it ever happens! Pity! <br /> <br /> However, the film manages to give a good insight into how the office works! With the help of Stewart's story, we learn of thousands of men and women who work for the organization, which includes hundreds of agents. And we also get a glimpse into the headquarters where the gigantic record is located, and we also get a glimpse of chemists and fingerprint experts going about their daily tasks carefully. <br /> <br /> Another plus for the movie is Max Steiner's remarkable score! The titles include a powerful, intoxicating and determined march, while for the gentler moments of the image there is an attractive love theme. Genial is the threatening and threatening march theme of the Ku Klux Klan sequence. And even better is the rhythmic Latin American music the composer wrote for the South American scenes, especially the exciting fandango-like orchestrations for the arrival of the federal troops on horseback. THE FBI STORY was one of five scores the composer wrote in 1959. These included Samuel Bronston's naval epic "John Paul Jones", the charming Rom-Com "Cash McCall", Delmer Daves's western "The Hanging Tree" and Daves' A Summer Place, from which the Young Love Theme was derived Steiner should be a big hit, better known as "Theme From A Summer Place". <br /> <br /> The FBI-STORY goes on as a film about Thanks to Biroc's full color cinema, Steiner's wonderful music and of course Jimmie Stewart, who's all visible makes! <br /> <br /> Classic, but implausible line from THE FBI STORY ............. As The bland Nick Adams (who has just blown up a plane with 43 people on board, including his mother), is handcuffed, turns to the arrested officer and blurs, "If I get mail, you can send her to Canyon City Prison for the next month or so - after that you can send it to HELL." Impressive!
