This is a fascinating film - especially for old movie lovers and historians (I am both). In the first half of the twentieth century, black Americans were normally not allowed in the white theater. That's why theaters aimed at black viewers wanted to show films that reflected the Black experience and black actors. In many cases, the films were essentially similar to the usual Hollywood fare, but had a much lower budget - and usually horrible production values. You really can not fault the filmmakers - they simply did not have the money and resources available to an average movie company. As a result, they had to expect much less maturity - including an over-reliance on recurring actors, no money for re-shooting scenes, and the need to finish the films FAST! This movie has been trying hard to be a black version of a Gene Autry movie - instead with Herb Jeffries. Jeffries was a fair-skinned man of various origins and played in several similar cowboy films. In each he sings a bit, struggles a bit (though VERY badly) and loves a little - all you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries still lives at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The general plot was unrecognizable by an autry image - complete with anachronistic elements like phones from the west! The problem is that despite the similarities, the low budget shines through. Stymie (from the Li'l Rascals) fluttered a few lines, but they just let it go, the fight scenes were completely unknown and were among the worst ever made in the movie, the film is strangely quiet) and the acting was pretty awful , <br /> <br /> Now that does NOT mean that the movie is not worth watching - just that there are technical issues that prevent it from being rated higher. A reviewer strangely scored 10! How that can be with all the problems is unclear to me. However, I can understand that one person likes the movie despite its many problems. The plot is generally pretty good, the characters are sympathetic, the musical numbers are excellent and you know that the people who made the film tried so damn hard AND it is a very important piece of American history. But a 10 !? By the way, in a weird bit of casting, the very tall, slender and almost white-skinned Jefferies is paired with short, dull and exceptionally dark Mantan Moreland ... like his brother !! You may also be aware of Spencer Williams. He played Andy on TV "Amos' n Andy".
