Although there are some excerpts in this 4-part documentary that point to the need to reform the drug law, these are not very well developed, unlike the many clippings from those who think the drugs are currently illegal Scourges play a role, for which the only conceivable solution is the imprisonment of even those who are to blame even the mere possession of such drugs. <br /> <br /> Although this program altogether leaves the viewer with the impression of drug warfare Essentially a pointless exercise and a waste of money, and for that it deserves a praise. In this documentary, almost nothing addresses the very real issues that the total war against those who only own illegal drugs obviously causes and contributes to - very real problems that most drug warriors would tell you when asked she, the drug war is supposed to solve. For example, while many minutes are spent on the increase in violence associated with the rising popularity of crack cocaine in the 1980s, this program at no time indicates that laws designed to repress crack cocaine enforce it Drug vendors make impossible their contracts and business agreements before courts force them to use force to stay in business. But instead of seeing the laws as a major reason for the violence, the drugs themselves seem to bear the brunt of the blame. For inexplicable reasons, the ban on alcohol, the resulting violence and the subsequent lifting of the ban on this program are completely ignored. <br /> <br /> This program will help to perpetuate ridiculous stereotypes of drug users, and these are the main driving force behind the very expensive and very problematic drug war. The possibility of incorporating drugs other than alcohol in a happy and successful life is not really touched. Excessive use of drugs is likely to cause personal problems, but not all users over-take their drugs, just as not all alcoholics are alcoholics. <br /> <br /> If you want to have someone's point of view Who believes that adults have a moral right not to be incarcerated and that their lives are ruined by the criminal justice system just because they have been using drugs that the For reasons of political rather than arbitrary political reasons, and not for reasons based on sound social policies and legitimate science, the government has decided to ban completely whose users it has decided not to conduct war so metaphorically, simply to forget. None of this is in here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this hardly belongs to the category of anti-drug propaganda. It is usually an interesting, neutrally presented history of drugs in the United States of the 20th century, such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and oxycontin. However, there is an essential element in the perspective of different people in relation to the drug law, and most (but not all) of them are not very thoughtful or well informed and inclined in favor of drug warrior mentality, especially with regard to drugs other than marijuana. <br /> <br /> The criminal justice system and its often tough lifelong punishments are obviously not the only answer or the most appropriate answer to every single social problem, but unfortunately there is an epidemic in this nation as yet unnamed disease whose main symptoms are lack of imagination in terms of social policies regarding certain drugs, lack of compassion for fellow human beings, a prejudice against people who use drugs that are not licensed by the state, may have a keen interest in the growth of the prison / police industry and a terrible apathy towards the Human dignity. It is morally wrong to kidnap or incarcerate people unless you have a damn good reason for doing so, and the mere possession of a randomly selected group of drugs is clearly no such reason. This is indeed the main problem when it comes to drugs, but this program ignores it. <br /> <br /> So, in sum, the parts of this program that neutralize the story without feeding stereotypes of drug users who are in the US The heart of the drug war mentality is pretty good and interesting and entertaining. But when it comes to presenting a sensible, non-radical stance on drug policy and giving the audience examples not just of people with drug problems, but also of the many people who successfully build drugs into a happy and prosperous life that's pretty disappointing.
