I almost saw it in a real movie theater (an art house theater, not less!), But could not make it in the whole week it played, but yesterday I finally saw it on cable and ... well yes ... I was not disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna has done it again: STILL ANOTHER BOMB! When will this woman learn? When do the studios learn? (Or maybe they already did, as most of the movie was expired, with little fanfare and deadly word of mouth.) One might hope that it is directed by their talented man, who has done an interesting and / or terribly entertaining job the same Quality that Madonna showed in "Desperately Seeking Susan"; unfortunately, it's just not meant to be, because here she is in the worst case: she is uniquely convinced of her own greatness, the complacency that permeates every frame she finds herself in, which becomes unremarkable through her swaying British accent which only emphasizes that her speaking voice is immature and not very pleasant. This may sound cruel, but listen to the woman, and take a look at her films from the past decade: Like a later bed Davis there is not only her coach, but also her face and her body with an unmistakable Brittleness. what is here, despite the warm photography that is shown throughout the film (perhaps the only salvation), no favors. To their credit, the whole affair is so false that one wonders if the best actress in the world could do any good on her best day with this mess. None of the participants escapes unscathed: Bruce Greenwood seems to be really painful on screen, though poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to wear herself as if she were in something good, which made me think all the time: "Denial is not only a river of Egypt! " Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, star of the Italian original "Swept Away ...", is, like his father before him, very attractive and not bad either (despite the nomination of a Razzie nomination for "Worst Actor")), but like almost everything else in this production, everything comes back to Madonna, on whose shoulders the blame lies. Why she? Why not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Who do you think was behind this remake? Which actress does not want almost every movie shot focused on her, and just a relative sharing the screen? Oh, sure, Ritchie deserves some guilt: he - or somebody - EVERYONE! - should have put aside his leadership and could and would have insisted on something ACTUAL FEELING in their line readings (it's so wooden for their performance that it's a surprise that the rest of the cast did not get chips) or at least indicated there was a touch of warmth ... but she seems reluctant to be anything but a cinematic black hole. In addition, this is an absolute vanity project for his star, so that she is ultimately responsible. A movie like this, an "odd couple" -ish, a war of classes, should be light and fun, with clues that can bounce off with funny, even romantic dialogues, because what a movie can do that involves two disparate people stranded, really? Honestly, I do not believe that everyone involved knew exactly the tone he was looking for; It does not work either as a comedy (I even resist laughing once) or as romance (Madonna's Ice Princess routine excludes ANY chemistry). It's not even bad enough for us bad movie lovers. A real shame ...
