For years, Madonna has been trying not only to prove herself but also to the public eye, that she can act. Unfortunately, it is not good to try too much without losing your own personality. <br /> <br /> She seems to be better when she's NOT the star of a movie: when you see her in supporting performances in DESPERATELY SEEKING SUSAN (1985) or A LEAGUE OFIR HER (1992), she actually looks good out. Since the story revolves around other actors, her expectations are taken by default. <br /> <br /> The anger starts when she is asked to be the star of a movie, regardless of the genre. The focus of an action that needs to be visually narrated, be it good, mediocre, or simply awful, must emulate it in a way that resembles actual movie performance versus video performance. That's the crucial difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. The latter two, even if the film should fail (because visual storytelling lacks effectiveness, or because the script failed or because the actress was not herself in her moment), there would be an extra in her performances that would be the Film would lift from a complete bomb. Both Davis and Streep had their share: Bette had a longer career than Streep and was among others BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there was this naturalism in the way they both attacked their roles, which made us forget the banality of the film and see the performance. Madonna, on the other hand, is not a gifted actress who really cares about her ability to convey a person other than herself, and much worse, even in the hands of someone like Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG (1992), an inferior classic, seems to be stilted in her clapboard landscape and a bit stiff, maybe even nervous, as if she was aware of the cameras and the crew and just could not let go. <br /> <br /> Here she tries to prove once again that she can act in what is, essentially a movie with two characters. Guy Ritchie, better known for action films filled with masculine energy, seems to tell a story closer to someone like Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who can tell a story of two people with incredible ease. And at 89 minutes, the events that take place are so unconvincing that the last half-hour in which the story takes a dramatic turn does not feel sincere. From an absolute witch with no redemptive values ​​to a sudden infatuation, this was the most convincing 180-degree turn since Fay Dunaway's Laura suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in THE EYES OF LAURA MARS (1978). Nor is Adriano Giannini's nasty twist in the middle of the film - he lacks any sense of humor and feels really psychopathic - and if he surrenders to Madonna's love, it's too fast to be believed. Slow-motion filming and a visual montage of lovemaking and beautiful scenery do not enhance or enhance this "transformation" from a survival story between unlikely characters to a love story in which both discover each other. <br /> Attempting to Having an unsatisfactory ending also affects the film - it just makes it drag and mess, and when Madonna needs to be filmed, she has to go from hope to devastation in a close-up of close-up. She feels too busy. Many actresses have it better done, so little to do. Hers is a performance that is more appropriate for late twenties, early thirties theatrical styles, in which posturing as part or emotion has been compensated. <br /> <br /> Could the movie have been better? Of course. There are countless ways to film the film in such a way that the viewer has the feeling that these people could at least hope for a reunion - this was already done, for example, in OVERBOARD (1987). There could have been an existential undertone, in which two very different people rely on each other, but need not necessarily change (to ensure a moral tone). Much dialogue and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been spared for a "quieter" film look - as in PERSONA (1966). It could even have been something of a thriller, provided that the Giannini character has a middle track like Billy Zane in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it had been made as a sex-farce, it would have worked better for Madonna than the over-the-top, over-controlled freak who received her comeuppance. But with her patterned humor, without at least taking a look at her character, who has a softer side hiding behind a slut mask, and without really defining Giannini's own character, this becomes another misfire trying to to look like a battle of the sexes.
