* WARNING * Contains MANY SPOILERS! <br /> <br /> Let me begin by saying that I have great respect for Gillian Anderson's incredible talent as a versatile and versatile actress. So I can not understand why she agrees with the movie when she saw the script (or lack of it). <br /> <br /> The premise of the film was a great idea in my opinion, and there were some thought-provoking topics, but it ended up as a collapsed souffle. It's an example of why I hate 99% of British cinema. It feels too long, it's boring for the most part, and not much happens after the first twenty minutes. Only if you believe there is a chance that it will get a little faster will it disappoint, as if Paula Radcliffe is running a marathon. With little imaginative direction and a minimalist plot, the audience does not stop much to nod in their popcorn. As for the script, I can only guess that the author was trying to save a few trees, with the average scene something like "Alice: F *** OFF!" (Adam stares, Adam runs into the woods) runs (Alice.) Follows) Alice: ADAM! ADAM! "I suspect that the actors were probably more paid word for word than Kate Moss for their Virgin Mobile ads, and the few lines that existed did not have much of a variation with frequent use of the F-word, Bridget Jones' friend There is little establishing of the main characters before the muddy main event where the audience lacks much sympathy for the characters, except for an automatic response of the type "Oh, that's awful." Alice is not the kind of woman either the courts sympathy or she has a great job, an expensive apartment in London with a roof to die for, but she looks like a conceited, embittered and dissatisfied on screen before her life seems to be the worst Layers pulled back, which somehow explains why she starts with it, growing up with a hard, old boot that believed it was the ultimate expression of the Li ebe teaching her to shoot with his gun, and so she ran into the big city instead of looking for something in her footsteps. Make her feel that her life is worth living. Instead, she found a group of stereotypical middle-class toffs looking down on someone not wealthy enough to drive a Lexus and the luxury of having an integrated security / entertainment system (ie, Mrs. Robinson becoming a popular electrician will be from Cockney)) Someone gives me a handkerchief. The only salvation of this figure is that it is played by Gillian Anderson. In the hands of a minor actress, she would have been unbearably one-dimensional, but Ms. Anderson actually manages to bring some fleeting moments to this otherwise lifeless human being, especially if she apologizes in a futile attempt for her street fury for her assailants to stop their attack. <br /> <br /> I can not say that Adam was much better. Danny Dyer played him well as a fish out of the water, Jack the Lad, but a good performance could not save him from the lack of a script as well as the complete absence of any character. <br /> <br /> This movie was largely shocking, but the timing was up and it felt too technical from start to finish. In terms of shock, the most shocking thing about this film is the unveiled demonstration of how painfully thin Mrs. Anderson has become; It was almost as disturbing as the brutal attacking scenes. By the way, only in a British movie would a band of violent sex assailants take the time to offer contraception to each other before they continue to cheer on their comrades - over stiff upper lip, which is brought to the extreme! If this is the kind of movie the National Lottery is donating money for, it's not surprising that fewer and fewer people are spending their pound a week. <br /> <br /> When I say that I hated this movie, I appreciate it too much. I did not care enough about the characters to justify this strong emotion. I want me to get back one and a few hours of my life, please!
