If I'm not mistaken, I hired A Nightmare a couple of years ago on Elm Street 3 and there was a music video. I'm pretty sure that ended up being Dream Warriors and I rented this on DVD hopefully the video was there because it was one of the funniest things I've ever seen. It's amazing how things from the '80s are so funny now, but nothing is funnier than rap videos from the' 80s. There was this rap group who sang the song Dream Warriors on the VHS version of the film after the credits, and they're all wearing shirtless denim jackets underneath and tight-fitting denim shorts all frayed like the Daisy Dukes. What makes a rap group look darker, I can not imagine. <br /> <br /> (spoiler) In any case, I was disappointed when I searched the video on the DVD version. All I had was this mediocre installment in the Freddy Krueger series. The film begins with the same idea as in Part 2, with the main character witnessing all sorts of cruel murders and then somehow emerging from a trance and finding himself with the bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the notorious house where Nancy Thompson lived. Then he runs to the bathroom, the handles of the sink become in Freddy's hands and attack them. Then she wakes up in her bathroom and hits her on her own wrists. From there, the film becomes the usual psychiatric clinic. <br /> <br /> `Larry 'Fishburne, fed up with always playing the evil in his roles, was glad to play the role in this movie as a neat-nice guy, stern but accommodating when The patients want to bow The rules a little. Not surprisingly, he does the best job of the movie. Arquette later became a savvy actor, but had not perfected her acting when she starred in the film. The characters in the film are mostly patients in the mental hospital Kristen is in after severing her wrists. All are cynical and uncooperative, and hardly anyone believes that they really belong there. Eventually they recognize and are able to convince employees that they all dream of the same man, and it's not just a kind of group hysteria. <br /> <br /> Heather Langenkamp has returned in her famous role as Nancy Thompson, this time raised to a dream researcher due to her childhood experiences with Freddy Krueger. Not surprisingly, she can quickly identify with the hysterical Kristen and the rest of the patients as she has experienced exactly what they are going through. There are some interesting murders in this episode, and the technology used for the special effects has taken a big leap. There's a gigantic, wanky Freddy trying to swallow Kristen as a whole, there's a scene where a TV turns into a Freddy, and with mechanical arms he takes one of the patients for evening entertainment and punishes them for being But there is also an unconvincing go-motion scene in which a couple of guys deal with Freddy Krueger's skeleton, which rots in the trunk of a car on a car junkyard. In one of the more groaning scenes, Freddy attacks one of the patients in his dream (the one known for sleepwalking), tearing muscles and tendons out of his arms and legs and leading him around like a puppet. Ouch. <br /> <br /> In this episode you will get an insight into Freddy's past. We not only meet his mother, but also learn about the circumstances in which Freddy was conceived by more than 100 maniacs. In the fight against Freddy, all the patients band together and put into their dreams their special powers (most of which reflect their shortcomings in real life) to fight Freddy. A student who is tied to a wheelchair can go in his dreams, another has the hilarious powers of what he calls the "magician", another is "beautiful and bad" (she has a lot of make-up, her hair stands tall.) A Mohawk the size of a foot, and she has knives. Clever, but the film shakes when it has only one patient who can not speak, has no powers in his dreams until the climax of the film and suddenly realizes that he can speak in his dreams (at just the right moment, to save the day). His dream power was a bit too obvious to have been omitted for so long. But now you see why the movie Dream Warriors was subtitled. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is not a very slow start to the movie series. Acting is pretty modest, but actually good for a horror movie. Larry Fishburne overshadows the rest of the cast enormously and has wonderful acting skills early in his career, and the movie is not just one of the first two? a problem that plagues the movies of Friday the 13th much more than the Elm Street movies. The characters are never so well developed that they can create much tension later, which is why most deaths seem more creative than killing someone in a horror movie than the tragic loss of one of the characters' lives to recognize and root the evil. On the other hand, not many horror movies need take the time to truly develop their characters to the point of throwing their hands defeated when killed or sitting on the edge of their seats while running for their lives. But it's important to note that the few horror films that actually do this are almost always the best.
