I wondered why I did not like Peggy Sue Got Married the way I did when it hit the market for the first time in 1986 with all the hype. Somehow I found Nic Cage's character disgusting. Far out of the way. Then the action seemed to make no sense. At the end of the end credits came to me the question: Which point made this film? What did it say? The answer was not much, if anything. I do not think this film was intended to make a statement; If it's not "your life is your life, you'll make the same mistakes, no matter what happens, so keep an eye on the donut and not the hole." Not a very profound statement, and I'm sorry, not profoundly made in this movie. Writing is just not that good. The direction is uneven and is sometimes strangely exaggerated. Kathleen Turner was the best and, in my opinion, only worthwhile thing in this film and did something wonderful that produced a whole character despite bizarre, unexplained circumstances, with a script that made no obvious statement. <br /> <br /> She finally solved the mystery for me, why I did not enjoy this movie anymore. She says in her autobiography that Cage's mission is to fight his uncle Coppola's direction every step of the way, using it on "his own way" (not a good idea for a new actor) and a stupid voice, His voice was annoying, rough and unnatural, and his character as a young man was abominable and overbearing, I understand what he's been trying to do: play a hot shot young man who is not so hot is how he thinks he is and sets up his own karma for future failure, but he goes overboard, the way he does it is abusive and ineffective, and if he had listened to his uncle, instead of "the Cage slips a bit with his disgusting voice styles in the movie and occasionally sounds like a real human being, and these scenes are better to see than others, but if I put the film into his I would wish to have to pay someone in LA to pour a bucket of water over his head while some of his (put-on) scenes are involved. <br /> <br /> The film does not aim for a statement, does not make a point, is nice to look at, unless Cage makes a demented Elvis impression (but without a voice) and is ultimately confusing and a waste of time. In light of this, Kathleen Turner has certainly earned an Oscar in this exciting confusion of a movie. I can not recommend anyone who has spent two hours looking at this, unless they like Turner and have a remote to find out all their scenes. Believe me, you will not miss anything if you skip the other scenes, and it will make just as much sense. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner gets a lot of criticism from critics about her Cage comments, proving that she's strong enough to be honest with other people's comments. You go, Turner! I'm not a fan of this actress or any other first-class actor or actor, but her openness is refreshing. Cage's acting can be good to annoying, and it does not work here. At least we know why in this film now.
