THE NIGHT EVELYN came out of the tomb (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). <br /> <br /> I saw this delirious piece of Euro-Tosh only on the way to Alpha Video's fearsome DVD release video transfer), but in my view not interesting enough to buy the recently released No Shame DVD. Given their excellent track record, this will undoubtedly be a significant improvement on all previous releases. And do not pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here. It's not from this movie (some girls who hold the head of a Jim Carrey look). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti Western star Anthony Steffen sports sports a hip hairstyle and takes on the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man who is persecuted by the memory of his late wife Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown, which is recorded in a psychiatric clinic. Following his release, Cunningham channels this trauma by taking red-haired prostitutes to his rural castle and subjecting them to vicious torture. His doctor and friend Richard Timberlane (what do you mean by Italian horror names "invented?"), Advises him to forget the past and remarry, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes a séance in the castle. After killing several other girls, he finally met Gladys, another redhead, and married her almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife produced a series of sinister events. Bloodthirsty creatures invade Sir Alan's family and kill them one after another. Cunningham gets more and more disturbed and visits Evelyn's grave and discovers that it is empty. A number of "outsiders" soon suspect that something fishy is going on in the castle, and Lord Cunningham's treatment may not have been that successful. <br /> <br /> Director Emilio Miraglia tries to merge gothic horror with Giallo conventions with limited success. As usual, not the slightest effort has been made to convince the audience that the film is set in England. The cars drive on the right side of the street, they all look very Mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is obviously Italian. This is common in Italian horror, but sometimes it just goes a bit too far. The bad pressure made that even a bit bearable, since it is so dark that you can not see much of the environment anyway. On the other hand, this is a kind of film where anything can happen in the name of exploitation and the representation of reality is not really the problem. Much of it consists of sado-masochistic torture scenes in the torture chamber of the castle, but most of the time Anthony Steffen pushes this way and shows some horrible exaggerations. I think it all depends on your state of mind, and this can be a funny part of the bullshit if you are in the right mood. I just could not take it, at least not with the pressure I was looking at. A pleasant score by Bruno Nicolai, combining uncomplicated melodies with some psychedelic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
