Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a madman who was seen early in an attempt to escape a mad asylum. This castle slowly succumbs to ruin and likes to kill various whores similar to its late wife Evelyn, a woman who cheated on him for another man, with those red curls. This crazy case is quite rich and his bachelor status can be very tempting. However, he is overrun by his obsession with the memory of his deceased wife (especially her adultery ... he has seen her naked with the lover). As the memory of Evelyn almost devours his entire existence, Alan tries his best to find true love, and believes that he has it with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the movie naked) .. that's probably her only feature, since she is not a very good actress), who agrees to marry him after a very short courting, which should probably throw flags immediately (there is a key moment of dialogue in which she knows exactly how much she is worth is). <br /> <br The only person who can trust Alan is his doctor from the hospital, dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other main characters in this film who revolve around Alan. Alan's cousin George (Rod Murdock) seems to be a good friend who often sacrifices him. My Dates, while holding on to the hope of one day gaining the possession of his Lord. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, is witness to Alan's slaughter and instead of turning him into police, he presses him for money. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), wheelchair user, lives on the grounds of the castle and is often seen snooping around cracked doors. Later we realize that she has a love affair with Albert. Everything described above treats the rest of the story that shows the spirit of Evelyn following Alan. Someone is bringing members around the Cast family, which turns to Alan, and the body of Evelyn is indeed missing. <br /> <br /> The ultimate question is, who commits the crime after Alan and Gladys are married, where Evelyn's body is, and will Alan cross the brink? I have to be honest and say that the movie just was not that important to me. It is very uneven and the pace is everywhere. It looks good on the new DVD and the "resurrection from the grave" is cool, but what really hurts the movie in my eyes is that the entire cast is unlikely. It's hard for you to look after Alan because he's a psychotic running on thin ice to maintain his sanity. He can be quite unstable. Who commits the crime is not a big surprise after several key figures have been murdered. There are only a few who could do it. What happens to Alan does not really make your throat sweaty, because you can make the argument that he only gets what he deserves. Those who are behind the overall scheme of the film with regard to Alan are, as I have already stated, not so shocking, because if you know very little about certain circumstances (or benefits that they would have), that would be for they benefit from Alan's reason, then everything is less than excellent. I thought the cut was choppy and unexciting, but the cast of the entire cast is really below average. Some stylistics help, and in the sequences of the cemetery a touch of Gothic atmosphere is felt.
