This British cauldron has one thing to offer: The young men look uniformly good. The older men are right-wing Thatcherites whose behavior brings back all fears of the Reagan / Thatcher years. Young or old, however, the moral in this three-part mini-series is generally suspect and nobody gets along particularly well. <br /> <br /> Nick is a handsome young gay man who comes fresh from Oxford. It is not crucial to the story, but it has exceptionally beautiful hair that makes it easier to see this veil. Nick comes to London with a friend whose father Gerald is a wealthy conservative politician, and looks after his sister Cat while the family romps around southern France. They neglect to tell him that when Cat is angry, Cat cuts with a selection of knives and other kitchen utensils. Nick confuses her selfish gratitude for affection and moves in to find out too late how much they despise and patronize him. Inexplicably, Nick lives four years in this house, but since the plot depends on this point, it's best not to question him. <br /> <br /> Although Nick looks most pleased, he is unbearably careless. His courtly submission to rich bigots soon made me climb the walls. Apart from Cat (she suspects his great secret at first sight), he has a little anonymous sex. He likes anonymous sex just so we know he's gay. Although it seems almost impossible, Nick takes on a lover even closer than he. Supercous Tories mock and insult the two blacks in the movie. So imagine the poison that causes Nick's sexual orientation in a tabloid. Gerald is involved in several personal and financial scandals in true Tory fashion, so the revelations about Nick add to his embarrassment. This gives Gerald one last chance to avenge the unfortunate boy. <br /> <br /> Apart from a brief moment of indignation, Nick takes the abuse that is thrown upon him in silent silence and tacit agreement. Denial, self-hatred, naivety or ignorance? You decide if you can get through it without throwing something on the set.
