Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English multi-millionaire with a few screws (due to his first wife's infidelity and premature death during birth), lures sexy, red-haired women into his castle and offers them money packages to stay the weekend , Back at his tribe, he gets her nekkid, beating her with a bullwhip and then kills her. <br /> <br /> But when he meets the blond Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and she falls in love With many charms, he decides to give up his murderous way and marry. However, her marriage bliss is short-lived, thanks to Alan's iffy state of mind, which becomes increasingly fragile as his late wife Evelyn appears outside his window and a series of gruesome murders occur on the castle grounds. <br /> <br So, let's take a look back: a groovy Euro-horror of the 70s with many delicious women in different states of disembarkation; scary gothic retreats and misty cemeteries; a sadistic, rich psycho with a penchant for gorgeous, gorgeous women with cracking bodies; several vicious murders (including a great piece in which a victim has hit his head with a stone and eaten its guts by foxes). Normally, such a checklist would guarantee me a good time. Why did I find "The night Evelyn came out of her grave" so boring? Well, for starters, the storyline is far too intertwined: there are red herrings, crazy acts and suspects in abundance, and everything gets a bit much. The ridiculous ending in which we find that more and more people have been planning to get their greedy paws on Alan's wealth, and that our red-haired killing nut is supposed to be the hero of the movie? My head hurt too much to interest me! Second, Emilio Maraglia's direction is pretty keen. Stylish, yes; But sometimes as slow as molasses. <br /> <br /> And then there are the things that are just too damn stupid, maybe even a giallo: death by venomous snake bites (certainly one of the most bizarre weapon decisions ever); Alan's Aunt Agatha, an old crippled relative played by a pretty young woman; renting a group of identical curly blondes as maids; the bad attempt to convince the audience that the movie is playing in England (giving "pound" and hiring a dung uniform for one of the extras is not enough); And then, of course, it's unlikely that there's a sack of sulfuric acid next to a swimming pool ... <br /> <br /> The night Evelyn came out of her grave is not a total waste of time (how could it be with seeing so much female flesh?), but there are much better giallos out there. Watch this video if you're a fan of the genre and have already seen the best, but do not expect too much.
