This film is just another distortion of the so-called "sins of consumption." Please note that Reverend Billy, an actor (Bill Talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the sins of consumption. We may ask questions such as: What is Reverend Billy doing professionally? How does he earn his money? Does he earn his money from his "tax-deductible" organization? How does the Internal Revenue justify this as a "tax-deductible" church or organization? <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Christmas is being commercialized, but there is one day in a whole year where people have the opportunity to be charitable and allow a significant number of people to spend time with their families or to spend friends or extended families. Everyone is not charitable. Everyone does not spend time with their family, friends or extended families. But vacation and vacation time give people this opportunity and opportunity. Yes, America has more than just problems - but with perseverance Americans always have great difficulties. And even in difficult times, America has proven to be the largest country in the world. This happens when Americans collapse and unite instead of separating and sharing. Yes, there are problems with companies and monopolies, but it will take Americans to bring back the small businesses, along with the ethics to responsibly care for the people who live in our communities. Yes, globalization has brought us many problems, but Americans need to bring production back to America. The Americans and the US government need to learn how to handle a budget, no matter how big or small, and we need to end our dependency on credit. Our over reliance on credit will make us poor from cradle to grave. It is important to buy - but if we buy less, we rely less on credit. And if we can save even a small amount of money, we have money for a rainy day. Not to say that as Americans, we will gain equal wealth. Prosperity is not guaranteed and was never guaranteed. The stratification, however, shows us that only a small percentage of Americans own most of America's assets. There is a good closeness where you or I can reach the upper middle class. And who knows what can happen from there? Be positive, work hard - and at least you and I can achieve at least some (if not all) of our dreams. Nothing is guaranteed in life, but we always have something to achieve. And if you or I have no dreams, we might as well be dead. In America there is always room for many hopes and dreams. As individuals, we are part of the pack, but we can always be the leader of the pack. <br /> <br /> It has always been my experience that churches and religions offer nothing but additional distortions, but I dignity and respect for people with different beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But as far as the distortions are concerned, I do not believe in such convictions, values ​​and perspectives. I rate this film as 1 in 10 - but in all honesty and truth, this film deserves a zero. This movie has no integrity and I can not recommend it.
