What happened? Those were the first words that came to my mind after this horrible movie ended for the first and last time on my computer screen. Nightmare in Elm St. had gone noticeably downhill after the cult classic of a first movie, but I doubt anyone expected this dreadful departure. Nobody expected this cosmic joke of a movie, and nobody is more disturbed than me. <br /> <br /> This is by far the worst ANOES movie in the series. In the beginning, it does not seem to be that bad, with a really scary intro and a pretty long-lived shower scene where Alice is seen. But then, at the beginning, we hit bottom with bad drama and a confused sequence of events. Surely, Freddy movies should be gorgeous and scary, but this one is like a train wreck in its bad sequence of events and the awful plot setup. It feels like you are having a terrible headache and not that you are getting scared. The director fails so totally. None of the thrilling and well-made horror from previous installments can be found here, and even the death scenes are mostly crass and moronic (especially death by food), except for the cool scene that's shaped like a comic battle. That's why this movie gets a point. <br /> <br /> The plot ... lame, lame, lame, LAME. It was an excuse to annoy the people and drive the MPAA nuts, and nothing else. <br /> <br /> The acting ... should I mention how Freddy was turned into a childish clown character? What did his rebirth scene look like? He looked like a monster from the horror book of a 7-year-old man, rather than the deterrent and nightmarish dream killer we've all known and loathed since the first movie? This arm waved and stupid giggles as he reappeared ... ugh. And also his one liner. They suck during the whole movie. Bad. A primary school kid could come up with funnier stuff, and then Freddy spat out the vomit for the entire 90 minutes of the movie. Damn, a chimpanzee could come up with a lot of funny lines than what Freddy said here. Who wrote the script for this? This movie is really irritating. It seems so pointless. Like a mosquito buzzing around your head, a mosquito that just DOES NOT go away. Freddy is now just a nuisance. We've seen him so many times. This is nothing else and most of the time you just want him to take his dreadful one-liners and go from your TV screen. Alice seems annoying and very shallow instead of the thoughtful and quiet girl from the last movie, which is obviously due to the terrible, terrible script that this movie was given to. Lisa Wilcox likes to be a great actor, and sometimes she seems to be through the cracks, but she can not save this movie. The other actors are just shit. <br /> <br /> The last 15 or 20 minutes that Freddy lives in this movie are terrible and embarrassing. I hope that Englund was ashamed of it. Who wants Freddy to walk around like a mutated gorilla with outstretched limbs and laugh like a comic villain? This movie destroyed everything I felt for the Nightmare series. I can never see her again without this picture going through my head. the mutilated cartoon abomination that became Krueger. It has slowly become a funky, backward icon of pop culture, but this is the lowest of the lowest. That is an absolute low point. No one will ever take Freddy Krueger seriously again after watching this movie. He is nothing but a joke, a clown who is long overdue for retirement. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> Why should there be Nightmare on Elm St with all the movies I could hate? A series that I once loved and loved a lot? The Dream Child represents the death of a legend and the destruction of every hope that I had in the series Nightmare on Elm St. Freddy went on to continue his downward spiral to clown status in the next episode, Freddy's Dead (which was actually more entertaining than that actually was), and then he went on to lower the mood in Freddy VS Jason and eventually he I would know that this was mostly a joke about why Freddy is shitty now, but this movie is horrible and one of the worst movies ever made. For anyone recommended, and even ANOES-Komplettisten do not want to see this.
