That's crap ... total crap. I can not believe that a company could get people to work on a movie like this one. Full Moon has a bunch of horrible movies, but that must be the worst. First of all, the action does not exist. It is strange. It's as if they took an idea for the story and somehow never got around to developing it. They just seemed to spend a lot of time shooting outdoor while the two "heroes" drove around in the desert, and Bradbury talks for about ten minutes. There were two scenes in the movie (when Dez and Dazzy drive, and when Dez and Bradbury drive), where it just went on and on and on ... there were almost two music videos in the place where it should have been a dialogue or an action. They only drove for about 5 minutes with nothing but music and shots of the surrounding landscape. Next we come to acting, which is just awful. For starters, the girl playing Dazzy is just a beast. She looks so scary, I wanted to look away when she was on the screen! Terrible Casting Then you have the guy who played Dez and who could not act if his life depended on it. His "crying" is actually funny, and his crazy antics are even funnier. The guy who plays the hotel clerk at the hotel is just as bad as the guy who plays Bradbury. There was no drama worthy of recognition in this film. <br /> <br /> The makeup effects ... hmmm, can anyone say pathetic? The "effects" were so fake, they were ridiculous. The crazy little robot, who sees a katepillary thing, reaches for someone, they cut him off, and when they come back, the guy has a completely fake-looking flesh wound. Kind. Do not you have any more money for the make-up budget or what ?! I have to say, the gypsy chick who is in the apartment of the one girl ... there is also nice make-up. I think they wanted a drugged look, and I think they should have a black one, but it looked more like cheap Halloween zombie makeup. <br /> <br /> This movie is terrible right from the start. The story is stupid and very, very unoriginal, the direction looks like it was played by a 10-year-old, acting is the lowest of the lows and so on. Stay away from this movie at any cost. It's only 70 minutes in the first place, and at least 20 minutes of it is taken up either by music and no dialogue or the person sitting in the hotel. Do not waste your time with this garbage.
