SPOILERS: I'm always surprised how many people rated this game well. It was awful. But the script and voice have ruined it. Gabriel and Grace are the most unlikely characters in the game. You almost pray for her death. Worst of all, there are fewer vampires in this game than in The Beast Within. There were hardly any real vampires. The lack of real vampires was unbelievably disappointing. If you expect a kind of vampire story in the style of Anne Rice, forget it. The story of this game has very little to do with vampires. You will not see anything until the end, and even then you will not be able to fight it. The story has radical and rather blasphemous views of Christianity. I am amazed that it has been torn from the drawing board. I'm not even Christian and I found it offensive. Most of the time, the story is about the search for the Holy Grail and the buried treasure. The abduction of a royal baby, which should be the focus, is really pushed aside. There is no reason for Gabriel to find the baby. In fact, he almost never asks anyone about the baby after the first blocks of time. <br /> <br /> The graphics are pretty bad. The characters move at a snail's pace even on the best systems. They are clunky and outdated. And it's hard to get from the FMV of The Beast Within to this horrible game engine for Blood of the Sacred. <br /> <br /> The relationship between Gabriel and Grace also takes a terrible turn. I really do not know why it was so terribly rushed, but they sleep together. And it's not fun. Gabriel spends most of the game telling his best friend Mosely how he sees Grace as a sister, and he does not think she's the right one for him. And he really seems to have failed, that they slept together. But he's so unlikely throughout the game that it almost does not matter to you at this point. His dialogue was the worst in the game. And he kept making stupid sexual references to everything feminine throughout the game. At the end of the game Grace leaves him with a seemingly dear John letter. I think she was so fed up with him, like most players. <br /> <br /> I found the story annoying and boring. I expected to play the story of a royal baby kidnapped by vampires. And I expected to see and fight vampires, maybe even Gabriel or Grace. But no. Instead, the story focused on the author's distorted vision of Christianity. Too bad. Here they had the elements for a great adventure, and instead we got this. <br /> <br /> For me, the only interesting parts of the game were actually over. In the end, we get some action-style puzzles. However, it was not worth the whole game to get through to get to them. <br /> <br /> I can not really recommend this game. I got it back when it came out years ago, and I hated the game engine so much that I put it back for years. I just dusted it off recently to see what I had missed. And now I am very sorry that I did it. My favorite characters were ruined. I hope there will be a fourth game just to redeem the series. And I hope they get it right the next time. It would be a terrible shame to end the series with this installment.
