A fashionably fragmented, but annoyingly semi-completed character study, a study of the different personalities of two college roommates: a talented but undisciplined basketball star player and a raging smoker. We never know why these young men are friends. They may share confusion about the world and their places in the world, but they seem to have nothing in common. In his directorial debut, Jack Nicholson, who also wrote the screenplay with Jeremy Larner (based on Larner's book), he does not present the characters to us clearly and does not design the scenes so we can identify with anyone on screen. There are some very decent performances here (especially from newcomer William Tepper in the central role), but most of the picture is unformed (maybe intentional), sketchy or uncertain. Bruce Dern plays the hard-working basketball coach, Karen Black is the older, married lady with whom Tepper has an affair, and Michael Margotta is Tepper's wayward friend (in a repulsive, exaggerated performance). Nicholson does not manage to give the sequences a particular taste and prefers it (I assume) that the interaction of the characters dominates the sound of the film; his script is also no help and therefore it is unclear who we should sympathize with. Small, random moments work (a supermarket fight between Tepper and Black, Dern, who visits Tepper in his dorm, all scenes on the court), but the entire third act of the picture is a tormenting mess. In the hope of confronting an important B-ball game with a sexual assault, Nicholson shows no style in his craft (he also does not earn points for the chutzpah since his staging of these events is squashy and ugly). When a director struggles to humiliate his actors, he must question his motivations. If "Drive, He Said" ultimately made a powerful statement in the deal, the audience could forgive the filmmaker for the mistakes in judgment and taste. Unfortunately, the confusing approach is just as amazing as the rest of the movie. * 1/2 of ****
