The tragedy is that this trash piece was part of my curriculum during my studies of cinema. So imagine how I had to look at it. Believe me that I go through hell is much easier. Our professor told us it was a movie, but he never thought we would agree. I do not believe that there are no gods on earth, we are just humans, so all filmmakers, so they CAN make mistakes, bad movies. Or very bad. The main problem was not that art is susceptible to endless views at all costs, but that many people just do not understand that every single person has their own taste, their own opinion, so what I suppose is the best movie The one that was shot may also be the worst that has ever been shot, and how is that right in both directions, but how many people can understand that correctly? So my professor does not believe in this movie, and I just do not. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is to measure it by its original purpose, to show us different kinds of old folk tales, or whatever, to grasp the mentality, imagination, and nature of that society. To tell the damn truth, Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini, as a scriptwriter and director, made it unbearable to even watch. The movie is so ugly. I can not stand that. So how about analyzing it and then discovering the potential beauty in it !! It's beyond your ugliness, and strangely not in the case of the movie or anything else, but for the unstable vision of (Pasolini). His work is so primitive to underdeveloped. The deadly cinematic technique, the effective sense of stupidity and the incredible awfulness made everything uncomfortable. Look at the cruel spectacle, the infertile cinematography, the terribly poor sets. Oh my god, I already have the nausea. It can forcibly end your objectivity because watching this movie is a real pain, as the blind doctor takes off the wisdom tooth. There are terrible nightmares that could be more merciful. So, how can you keep this up, just to check it out fairly? Not really. Because this movie does not treat you fairly at all. There is a really memorable scene in which some guys pee in the eye of the camera (!). I try to associate such things with Pasolini's end as murdered.
