No film with Madeleine Carroll in his cast could possibly be second to none. That means I have to add that this British movie comes close. The story takes place aboard the "SS Atlantic" and is loosely based on the unfinished journey of the "Titanic". The word "unsinkable" is spoken, the liner hits an iceberg and we hear a heavenly chorus singing "Nearer my god to thee". The convicted passengers finally take over the anthem in a clever sound work. The year of the film's publication (1929), however, means that a modern viewer must otherwise accept primitive tone and many of the silent film and stage acting conventions. These are not problems. The main flaw of the movie is the tempo, and the stamping was well developed in Silents. However, if the dialogue is delivered at a realistic speed, the running time of the film would be halved. The intended effect was drama (and clarity in a new medium), but the result is now unfortunately boring. The structure of the film is absurdly illogical and inappropriate. Paradoxically, I found certain details of the editing in the technique quite modern: fine, abrupt cuts from one area of ​​the ship to the other, sometimes even with sound effects. Although we were aboard the Atlantic from the first recording, we were well over 4 minutes into the movie before I discovered this fact. There are long, intrusive musical passages of the ship's dance orchestra. (Entertaining, easy tone.) Personal stories are presented in a completely unpretentious and unconvincing way. Do not even think about acting. The mountain is a tiny thing and the outer damage to the hull is a small bump. The scenes in which passengers swarm into the lifeboats - clearly staged on a real liner, probably tied to a dock - cause great excitement. These sequences are next to the glorious Miss Carroll the only outstanding points of the film. When the movie and ship come to an end, the screen goes black several times when the power generators fail. Her last, eternal blackout is the end of the film, with a glued sunset / sunrise, a clumsy symbol effect. "Atlantic" is a curiosity. Preferably. <br /> <br />
