I'm a filmmaker at Wright State University in Ohio. Unfortunately, yesterday I got the opportunity to watch this horrible movie in class. We were informed by our professor that it would be very funny for us, but the reason we looked at it was that it was one of the first sound films - a complete disaster. The problem with early sound films was that Hollywood actors only know how to make silent films, and that they can not memorize lines well. Producers and directors would look on stage to get actors. Sounds like a great idea, right? Well, the kind of acting you do on stage does not show up so well in the movie. Most of the actors in "Atlantic" look and sound as if they were acting in a drama, which causes many hearty laughter about the over-function. Another limitation of early sound film was the technology of microphones. They could not move the microphones like they did today, they had to hold them static, or they would pick up the sound of air moving through them. In this scene, a microphone was usually used in a particular scene. In a certain scene a man sits at a table. Someone goes right up to him, delivers his line and then goes away. Another actor comes after him, delivers her line and then leaves. It continues for a few people. The microphone is obviously right at the man at the table, which makes for a ridiculous acting carousel. <br /> <br /> These are just technical issues. It gets worse as you go down in history and direction. The story is a fictional account of what happened on the Titanic. The characters are incredible and meaningless. A "story" about a man who abuses his wife and daughter has no place in the film. It's barely solved and you wonder why it was there at all. A lousy attempt at a high drama, the actors often make long, pregnant breaks between the lines. It's tiring, and you can not wait for this 90-minute movie (feels like at least 180). I will not talk much about racism in our country at the time, but it really offended me that there were only two black people in the movie who were portrayed as animals. Both huddled past the women and children and tried to get into one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or be shot, which of course was not the case. I was horrified. <br /> <br /> I give this movie a 2/10. I would have given it 1/10 (the lowest possible rating), but I gave an extra point just because it was one of the first sound films and I tried to put it in context. If you want to watch a good early sound movie, check out Alfred Hitchcock's "Blackmail", also released in 1929. You'll find that the best directors could immediately adapt to the new technology.
