I enjoy a good, slow drama. Christmas in August, Chungking Express, Virgin Bared by her bachelors, The Way Home, Spring in a Town, Hana Bi, Eat Drink Man Woman, Dolls, In Mood for Love and Spring Summer Fall Winter Spring are far from pleasing Movies ?? just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there are a number of films within the drama genre that try to focus on a good movie without even offering anything interesting. That's what I call IAN movies? "Incomprehensible artistic nonsense." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this subspecies, and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece". In fact, this is the crème de la crème of crap full of trash under the guise of "art". People walk around in their apartments, drinking water, strolling around, waiting for pay phones to free themselves, hanging placards, clinging together, going to the bathroom, eating, doing pushups, having sex, beating mosquitoes, etc. I'm joking not when I say that this is an accurate summary of the entire film, which is the fundamental poster for pointless garbage. There is no action, no action, no interesting or remarkable events, no emotions, no meaningful dialogue and above all? no drama. <br /> <br /> The most eventful scene has two people "knocking" on a bed with a person masturbating under the mattress? Ironically, that it is also completely tasteless and free of charge. The relationship of the characters on the bed is virtually nonexistent. Obviously, Tsai did not feel like telling the viewer anything about these people except the obvious fact that they like to "punch". The person under the bed is just as one-dimensional and uninteresting. He likes to drink water, make melons and caresses. This is Tsai's idea of ​​"character development". A truly misguided "entertainer" indeed. <br /> <br /> Tsai's true contribution to Vive L'Amour is perhaps the most disgusting scene in the history of the Kunsthaus. First, he shows the lead actress running from one end of the park to the other for 285 seconds, then crying hysterically. for absolutely no reason? another 356 seconds in a row. The movie ends abruptly. No point. No conversation. Only pure, concentrated torture inflicted on the viewer. <br /> <br /> To hit a dead horse. The underlying theme of loneliness is so abused that the only true feeling of this film is boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa offers a much better portrayal of loneliness in his horror movie Cairo. And guess what? It is really interesting! This film moved as slowly as molasses in January, but there are better ways to deal with the concept of loneliness than with Vive L'Amour. Cairo is a perfect example of this. <br /> <br /> fans of cinema can thank for directing this film at Tsai Ming-liang, as it provides irrefutable evidence that art house cinema can be just as bad as B. Grade, horror films made for television. Kunsthaus snobs have now officially lost their state of self-righteousness. The quality level of your precious genre now overlaps movies like Army of Darkness and ?? gasp! ?? Showgirls. How do you like the apples?
