For me an unsatisfactory, not convincing robbery movie. With an a-list cast, especially the three main actors and an experienced Maverick director like Spike Lee, I expected far more and in the end I felt that what was delivered did not contribute much to this film genre. First of all, I did not like the tempo of the movie, starting with the pretense that Clive Owen played an unnecessary role in front of the camera, and then found the conclusion unnecessary. Then I found the story full of confusing, unrealistic testimonial interviews and then into scenes you believe had started earlier. Of course, the camera work is fluent, constantly moving, and includes hand-held camera shots, but director Lee does not manage to create thrills or excitement. He basically falls down by doing nothing of the main protagonists of the film. Thirty-five years ago Denzel Washington complained of a "Shaft" movie with the clothes and the bad ass (he even has the "nobody understands him but his wife"), which is full of his "hot" things. Girlfriend who lures her with downright rough and inappropriate "Dirty Talk") and his mild "In The Heat Of The Night" riff with Willem Defoe (almost a bit) barely raises a wave. Clive Owens plays his character with a determined English accent, though we believe the band is Arab, which is also prevented by 90% of the film being played with a mask over his face. Jodie Foster brings another of her patented, ice-skinned, ice-skinned, subdued Clarice Starling spins as a well connected financial bounty hunter, if you will, with little effect. All in all, it's a real mix of a movie, with a light but obvious twist at the end. The title reveals it from the start, spoiler fans. The worst scene (of many) is undoubtedly Washington's Witness interview, unbelievable, with an eight-year-old street kid, although Owen's dialogue with the same kid is in the spotlight minutes earlier. During the film, in-joke references are made to classic Heist films such as "Serpico" and "Dog Day Afternoon" - but there is no honor to praise oneself. More like "The Hot Rock" instead ... and even that was good for a few laughs.
