I saw most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and came to the conclusion that he has a knack for action. Scenes are kinetic and fast, often combining elements of martial arts, rifle fighting and samurai fights with camera work that effectively captures the image on screen. With "Versus" and "Aragami," Kitamura showed this creativity and showed that he is more than capable of working on a low budget. So what happened in "Alive"? To be more honest, the answer would be - nothing. Nothing happened in "Alive", it was a two-hour long movie with little to no action and little to no characters and actions. <br /> <br /> According to a comic by Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive" is an investigation into the life of a Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki) of a death sentence that survived his execution. He then has the choice of either repeating the execution or undergoing a bizarre series of experiments. He chooses the latter and is soon placed in a room with a rapist and later with a girl infected with a strange parasite who, in exchange for the humanity of the host, grants supernatural powers. Of course, the parasite will eventually move into Yashiro, the bad thing is that this will not happen very soon. <br /> <br /> Similar to "Aragami", "Alive" sets his first half to set the basic exposure. Characters are introduced, their motivations determined and their relationships revealed. The whole thing even takes place in one sentence. The first big problem with this comparison is that "Alive" was only a 70-minute movie, while "Aragami" only lasted two hours, so the first part lasted over an hour. This length could have been justified if the characters had been made a little more interesting, but unfortunately that is not the case. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, without feeling or depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There have been a few small attempts to make "Alive" a bit ambiguous, but in the end it all came down to the classic: angry government members, the super protagonist you guessed, save the girl in the end. Like I said, the whole movie is basically in a set and after two hours it gets boring. Worse, the set design itself was not even interesting at first and can not improve other aspects of the movie. <br /> <br /> Well, after this first part is over, you might think Kitamura would at least have fun action scenes to make up for the boring beginning. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The two only fights are in fact repetitions of similar fights from Hollywood movies, including wedding effects and psychic abilities. They are just not interesting or entertaining, Kitamura's creativity of "Versus" is gone, the little set even limits his often very impressive camerawork, and all boils down to generic and expectable fights, really a pity. Obviously "Aragami" was definitely better and "Kitamura" had learned something from "Alive". So it was not an absolute loss to watch this movie. Just to understand the bugs, how to fix them and create a better entertaining movie.
