This is a stupid movie. Maybe my judgment would not be so hard if the movie did not promise so much, but I just felt like the movie was cheating on me and playing for a fool on every corner. <br /> <br /> I did not have any beef with acting, but I found the characters terrible. The film begins with Clive Owen's character, who tells us what a criminal thinker he is and how he planned the perfect bank robbery, which he often recalls later. Oh yes, he also tells us he's in a jail cell, though that turns out to be a stupid metaphor. Every idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one in which a minimal amount of things could possibly go wrong, and you're far from there before the police show up. But Clive Owen's scheme requires you to be stuck in the bank for hours - no reason to walk around and, as far as I can tell, look scary. He also has to control hostages, bargain with the cops, and most of all, fantastically do a this-old-house job in the bank's storeroom, hiding there for a week (I hope he brought enough food and a bucket to go in there pee) and then out again. Yeah, that sounds like the perfect crime for me, Clive! This plan has so many moving parts that the only reason he was not torn apart, the scriptwriter said so. <br /> <br /> And then there are the many unexplainable details: why were the cops so confident that the crooks had them? Accomplices among the hostages? Who the hell is Jodie Foster's character, and why is she so important that she has the mayor at her side and that she does not have to call Denzel Washington her agenda because "it's above his pay scale?" How stupid are these cops that they can not understand that a man who speaks for hours in a foreign language is not a criminal gangs planning a robbery? How did the robbers get away and why did Clive Owen stay here for a week? How did you learn about the past of the bank president and the number and contents of his locker? Why the hell would Clive Owen let Jodie Foster or the police in? Since when do you make toys AK-47 that look up close? How the hell are you doing a pizza box anyway? How did Clive Owen manage to sneak out of a safe area of ​​the bank unrecognized during working hours? Did this dispassionate criminal really feel enough about policeman Denzel to give him a diamond? <br /> <br /> None of these questions are ever answered. There are movies that make you wonder about the events that take place off screen, but I never felt that way with Inside Man. It felt like the scenes that explained these things had been cut out of the movie, or these questions had no answers at all, and that's weak. Especially annoying is the character of Jodie Foster, who does not disclose what she does, but she never seems to get tired to remind us how important she is. I suppose we only accept her word, I think. <br /> <br /> The only reason I gave this movie two stars is because I laughed at Denzel's "Taxi Taxi" and "Pina Colada" fog, the child's terrible video game. Apart from that, this movie has no redemptive features.
