It seems to me that Stephen King's "Bachman" pseudonym was a way for him to sort out some of the grimmer, rougher, meaner things he wanted to write without "contaminating" his "brand name." When you look at the "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner), you notice that they have a sense of airlessness and hopelessness that is different from the mainstream king. I notice we're talking about the guy whose first novel was a humiliated, bloodied, emotionally crippled teenage girl slaughtering everyone at her high school graduation ... but the mainstream king has always had characters and plot elements that are cruelty of the film have a bit of an influence and usually have ends that give at least an impression of hope and human feeling. Bachman books are just mean and always end up bad. (By the way, "Pet Semetary" could easily have been a Bachman book if King had not revealed the alias by then, and "The Dark Half" seems to be at least partially his "Bachman" person.) < br /> <"Thinner" was the last Bachman book, and man is disagreeable with his themes of class warfare, revenge and death by starvation. So it should not come as a surprise that the film follows its example. <br /> <br /> A surprise is that the adaptation to "TV Movie Of The Week"'s talent does not seem to work on something worthy of a theatrical release. (Nowadays, such a thing would probably go directly to DVD or cable). The make-up work and the flashy motive (starving in the midst of overflowing, a metaphor for the overcrowded, malnourished American middle class, if there ever was one) is all that makes you observe this dropout. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? My first thought is that the director opted for the evil Bachman mood, but he also somehow drew all the interest with bad casting decisions from the movie - the actors here (with the exception of Joe Monetegna) can just make the movie do not wear . And then he squeezed the heat and life out of the rest of the movie with clumsy stride and scene setup. Besides, he could not leave the action alone and his changes do not really help. The script and the dialogue should work, but mostly the movie is just there. Everything is muffled, boring, without air, and it's no fun to look at it ... with the vivid exception of the main character's play, which is ... getting thinner and thinner and thinner. <br /> <br /> As others have said, "Thinner" is by no means the worst King movie ever made (or even the second worst). And she has a terrible, captivating fascination with the subject and careful make-up work. But for the first time, viewers should approach the viewer with lowered expectations.
