No, I did not read the Stephen King novel "Thinner", but I stifled the movie version. Horror films are an acquired taste. Regular movies give an audience a hero to applaud when he wants to reach a goal. In horror movies, the audience is invited to enjoy the demise of characters. In director Tom Holland's "Thinner", a low-fat but tasteless Revenge Chiller, no one wins, and everyone deserves the bite put on him. New England glutton lawyer Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke of "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Although he weighs 300 pounds, he seems happy to be married, a delicious wife Heidi (Lucinda Jenney from "GI Jane"), with a yeasty teenage daughter. Fett does not mean stupid here Halleck shows his acumen in court when he wins an acquittal for the run-down mafia chief Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna of "House of Games"). Billy goes home after a winner's party, beats an old gypsy woman across the street and kills her. There's a coverup, and Halleck's friends get him out of the soup. The angry Gypsy Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine of "Skidoo") takes a curse on the corpulent lawyer and the two city officials who relieved him. Halleck suddenly gives up, no matter how much chow he chews. When he asks the vengeful Gypsy to lift the curse, the old man refuses. Desperately, Halleck reaches for Richie. While Halleck fights with the Gypsies for the removal of the hexagon, he learns that his faithful wife has turned his attention to the hot doctor of the city. <br/> <br /> "Thin" not only qualifies as a ridiculously inappropriate horror movie, but as filmmakers also rely on clichés of men and women. Tom Holland, the director of "Child's Play" (1988), and the scenarist Michael McDowell, have come up with such a slippery screenplay that you can not enjoy watching Billy getting his dessert and contracting. "Thinner" offers few shocks and fewer surprises. The filmmakers may have resurrected King's novel, but they have shaped the sense of horror and humor that was in it. Holland and McDowell introduce characters like the mafioso and then inexplicably let them off the hook. A minor character appears long enough to die and stuff a chicken head into his mouth. <br /> <br /> The stereotypical behavior of the characters can also offend the audience. "Thin" shows women as oversexed vixens and men as pigs. When Halleck sneaks home from a clinic, he finds his sports car parked by his house. His suspicion matures into jealousy and he cooks a program to transfer the curse to this woman. Even the premature ending has no satirical taste. Oscar winner for special effects, Greg Cannom from "Van Helsing", and make-up artist Bob Laden are doing a fantastic job of reviving actor Robert John Burke to be obese. They also manage to make him shrink. <br /> <br /> Only diehard Stephen King fans will be able to survive this misogynistic gooledy spook.
