You will find that the chemist who appears and speaks in two scenes is played by Stephen King. "Do not give up your job," is the standard, but that's not fair. King is reasonably satisfied: He is no worse than any other member of the cast and better than most. The story, on the other hand, is pure garbage. Please give up your day job. <br /> <br /> I've never seen so many horrible performances - of which the lead actor (the LEAD ACTOR'S!) is probably the worst - that was put together in a movie. Everyone is evil, but not in an entertaining way. They all somehow manage to surpass the top without consuming or manifesting energy. I blame scriptwriter / director Tom Holland. It can not be that all the actors are really that bad. What are the chances against it? Granted, I've never heard of any of them, but I do not think I could enter a talent agency and go out with so many bad artists if I tried: AN ACTOR WILL, IN spite of my best efforts, turn around to have talent. So what's more likely - that Tom Holland has rolled a dozen consecutive snake eyes or that he wrote a lousy script and then misdirected it? That would also explain why actors are bad in direct relation to their prominence in the script. The more directions an actor got, the worse he got. ("You want me to bend like a hunchback, speak from behind my neck, show all my teeth and look bored at the same time ... Okay ...") This here The theory is confirmed by the fact that it is Holland undeniably succeeded in writing a lousy script. Several writers here have commented that Billy Halleck is not a sympathetic character, but that's a misleading phrase. He is not a recognizable character. All we find out about him before the supernatural stuff happens is that he is fat and that he can only think of food. ("All I can think of is food," he tells us helpfully.) And in the end ... <br /> <br /> (sigh) I think I should add a spoiler alert here ... <br /> <br /> In the end he gets angry. Why? I can only shrug. Maybe he's under a kind of enchantment. Yes, probably that's it. By "bad" I mean "inexplicable" - it's not so bad as a socially unwanted suspension of ordinary psychology. In any case, his actions make no sense in the end, nobody's action makes a lot of sense, despite the fact that the characters do little, but explain their motivation to the benefit of the public. By the way, here is my candidate for hammiest line / delivery: "I do not think you would like it ... INACT ..." [big dramatic pause] "... I do not think so You would like it at all. "
