I do not know where to start with one of the worst movies I have not seen in a long time. From the attitude that was very obvious and very clear, anyone who has visited London for one day will agree ... it was not London. In the inexplicable way Snipe managed to flee the country into the US without a single problem. Then he persuades the girl and the grandmother to visit him in America, how on earth did grandma agree ... he is an assassin! Well, that's the end like in the movie, unfortunately it did not get much better. We have British police officers driving an amazing selection of cars. I'm sure it was a 1980s Vauxhall Belmont who hunted the cab after the mission, but a modern Subaru Imprezza who accompanied the jailer in a few scenes earlier. SO19, or whoever used the arm of the Met they tried to portray, happily ran their rifles through the streets chasing Snipe along with the CIA. There were children walking around, but the police still said they had a clear shot to shoot him. Is this happening in London? No, I live there. We also have the very implausible drive from central London to the airport (say Heathrow for the sake of argument) within 5 minutes of receiving a call. We also have terrible American accents, a young girl posher than the queen, but living in Elephant & Castle. What does the British police say if helicopters and a number of policemen in Snipe's place can not find Snipes and he manages to avoid captivity by hiding behind a staircase? The station was obviously not even on British soil and the sound effects of the fight scene were terrible. The plot was also extremely bad, boring and a thousand times better written and filmed. But there were a few notable actors in the movie that they were thinking of, and please do not let them stop you from watching this movie! This movie did not seem to know what it wanted to be, focusing on the dramatic aspects of succession, then you need a strong, rigid plot with a plausible scenery and backdrop. This has the viewer time to record and appreciate and if you do it wrong then you will notice it. If you want a complete action movie (which is not the case), continuity and scenery can be set aside.
