And finally, old, old Michael Corleone falls to the ground and goes to 'THUMP!' Who wrote REALLY for this last part of the godfather saga? Probably the same staff that does "How the world turns". This strip does not deserve the title "Godfather" at all. Let's call this "The Cosas of our Nostras" or "All My Capos". As someone who has met a number of Mafia people in my business life, I can say without exception that I have never met a mobster who is as internally conflicted as Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys are just in the mafia because they are greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time thinking about his past actions and his bleak future, maybe even life after death, but then recovers remarkably fast to complete a fantastic deal or the death of this or that great one he is low down to command the time operator. Then there is his failed marriage. After the separation scenes in G2, we can hope that Michael & Kay will reunite as a man and a woman, but here they only seem to become very good platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's as if the scriptwriters are trying to turn Michael into a woman. It is bizarre behavior for two people who have shared the passion of the marriage bed for nine years. There are abuses here and there, or maybe they are sins of authorship. Poor, time-honored Sophia Coppola has a hopeless role, with too many short lines in the film that do not match what a young woman would say in casual conversations - there were more "remarks" than "lines" given to her "passionate" "Love scene with Andy Garcia looks like a bad teen sex comedy as they chew their open kisses and petting each other on the kitchen counter like puppets ... Scavenging became wonderful by Glenn Close and Michael Douglas, but here it's just ridiculous. Then there is Andy's character, Vinnie Mancini, who has also given a difficult and ungrateful role. I think he's the new, new Don Corleone, but he's almost put the job on a silver plate and does not have to do much to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's simultaneous hits on all 5 families in G1. This hand-me-down process may be an authentic way of transferring power into a mafia family, but why is this boring routine going so much? Surely Don Vincent can someday earn the respect of his gangsters, but the script contains few character revelations to sadly give us a portrait of this young man. Puzo did a great job developing Michael's character in G1 quickly and accurately. But G3 has no economics in telling stories and we suffer from extended exposures until we just want to take a nap. Third, George Hamilton was also given a thankless job as a family lawyer after Robt Duvall allegedly rejected a third installment as Tom Hagen. George wisely underestimated his role so that it did no harm to the actor. The development of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far when she takes murderous things into her own hands (she could sleep with the Fredos if that were the real world). But it's not all bad. The assassination scene in the hotel's penthouse is chic! Also, "they always pull me back in," or words are a great line. When we return to Sicily, we recover in the old country, even though everything was completed in 1989 and they have modern cars and haircuts. The storylines that comprise the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church are quite interesting as they were based on actual financial phenomena at Banco Vaticani in the 1980s, but were too big with the too spectacular death scenes, etc. Opera scenes are very dramatic and well-photographed. However, the death scene of Mary towards the end is at best an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation. All screenwriters must learn that we do not need more and more death to bring a mafia movie to a successful conclusion. You're sorry for Kay that her daughter is dead, she's playing her grief so well, but Michael's reaction is hammy, hammy, hammy. Then, sometime in the 21st century, Michael dies in Sicily, alone on a large estate, of heart failure ... not a grandson with whom he could play before his demise, no woman who could mourn for him. What should happen in the last half of this movie is that Michael is tracked down by someone like Rudy Guilliani, brought to justice, all the dirty little businesses of his filthy family and bloody indulgences are brought to light by statute and sent to the federal penitentiary for life. Then he can fatally tip over while wiping a floor in LEAVENWORTH. So mafia dons ended their careers in the late '80s and early' 90s and were treated much better than they deserved.
