The Godfather Part I was a stunning look into the fictional Corleone family and how an innocent young man was almost forced into circumstances he never wanted to have a part of. The Godfather Part II shows that the young man accepts his new role, his desensitization of character, and the total loss of innocence as he delves deeper and deeper into a criminal life. The first two parts of this saga of this transformation by Michael Corleone provide one of the greatest tragedies in film history. <br /> <br /> Then came The Godfather Part III. Michael Corleone is now the aging Don of the Corleone family. He shows remorse for his previous actions not by subtle behavior, but by trying to use his powers for the good and to admit all his misdeeds and remorse. Very clichéd and uncharacteristic of the complex character of Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to use his powers for good are derailed by an ambitious young disciple and his enemies. Michael's daughter is ultimately a victim of the ongoing mob wars, and her death predictably causes Michael to realize that his whole life as a Don was worthless because he failed because of the only mistake he puts himself in the position in which he found himself: protection of his family. <br /> <br /> The Godfather Part II ends with Michael Corleone reaching the lowest point: killing his own brother. Before Part III was made, the Godfather legend was an emotionally captivating story about an innocent young man's journey into the dark, with the unbelievably tragic ending of Michael, who forgot his roots and gave up the only thing most important to him and his fellow man was: family loyalty. Part III paints the image of Michael as a man who was and was only a victim of the circumstances. This greatly distorts the meaning of the first two films. <br/> <br/> Godfather III is a terrible mess of a movie that should never have been done. The only solution to the problem that is this last episode of The Godfather Movies is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga actually ends with Michael's terribly horrible act of killing a member of his own family.
