At the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III" the son of Michael Corleone wants to break off his law studies and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want that. But his alienated ex-wife Kay manages to convince him that Anthony Corleone can pursue his music. So he does. <br /> <br /> This seems a weird way to start a review because it's a minor plot point and has nothing to do with the main action. Just give me this. You will see where I am going in the end. Now I want to tell you something about the big conspiracy. The point is that Michael Corleone has finally given up the crime (he has largely given up all the criminal elements in his family business). Then comes Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew involved in a feud. So, of course, Michael has to get along once more with crime and violence and all the good gangster stuff. Meanwhile, Vincent has a half-incestuous affair with Michael's daughter Mary. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to fix all the horrible things that happened at the end of Part II. <br /> <br /> It's like a soap opera. A horrible, terrible, 169-minute soap opera. Gone is any kind of sophistication, romance and emotional relevance that hit the first two films so hard. After a 16-year break in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola brought a chaos of sop and presumptuousness that was completely incompatible with the first two films, proving once again that his last great work was "Apocalypse Now" in the 1970s. <br /> <What's worse: "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical consequence of "The Godfather: Part II". Michael is a completely different person. He did not just go to seed (which could be legitimate, though it would not be fun to watch). He's become a goody goody, trying to fix all the tragedies that made Part II a devastating masterpiece. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but the small seizure of diabetes in the center made him nauseating. He also gets together with Kay again! For God's sake, there is absolutely no way, as the 2nd movie should make clear! She broke off his baby and his Sicilian upbringing made him despise her. Did not Francis Ford Coppola even think about these things? <br /> <br /> And I should not even start with Mary and Vinzin's business! For such a forbidden romance it was shockingly incoherent. Sofia Coppola's acting did not help. She made the smartest move of her life when she switched from the camera to the camera because she was possibly the worst actress I've ever seen in a Best Picture candidate. Every line she delivered was painfully memorized, and every time the drama was based on her acting skills, she only caused inappropriate chuckles. In the climate scene - I'm not going to go into detail, but you know which scene I'm talking about when / when you see it - she looks at Michael and says, "... Daddy?" I think I should cry, but the line was delivered so badly that I broke out into a long, loud laugh! <br /> <br /> Now we come to a climax and now you will realize why I took the time to start the review with a description of the musical ambitions of Anthony Corleone. After 140 minutes of drama and irrelevant events, Anthony Corleone returns ... with an opera! Well, Michael, Kay, Mary, and Vincent are watching, and for 10-15 minutes some killers are running around trying to murder Michael. To this climatic sequence I have to say one thing: it was really good! But not because of the killers - they were pretty boring. I really liked the opera. It had great music and really great set pieces. From what we've been shown, it seems as if the story is reminiscent of the origins of the Corleone family. I'll bet it was a swell opera, and I'd bet Michael Corleone was glad he'd let his son switch from law school to music. <br /> <br /> My biggest wish is this: that Francis Ford Coppola had just filmed Anthony Corleone's opera for 169 minutes, giving up the rest of the squishy melodrama. Better yet, I wish he had not done The Godfather: Part III. Part II gave us the perfect ending. This spin-off was lenient and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not a gut reaction to the movie. I watched all 3 Godfather movies more than a month ago (though I looked at the first one again). Not only did this mean that my expectations for Part III were not exaggerated (in fact I had raised the bar to what I had heard, rather low), but also that I had a good time thinking about all three films. While initially a bit disappointed, the more I thought about it, the better. But Part III was bad at first and got worse the more I thought about it. The sad thing is that many people will quit Part I, but if they look at Part II they will most likely continue with Part III. If you have the will, look at Parts I and II and pretend that Part III never existed.
