Murder and insurance fraud bring a jealous couple to the end of the line ... <br /> <br /> The television was visually vulgar in the early '70s and this cut-off tee made my eyes ache. It can not possibly be compared to the 1944 Billy Wilder movie Noir classic, because anyone with brains needs to know what they can not see, but that does not mean that this update should be considered as a separate entity. Although based on the original Paramount script, more than half an hour is cut out, and the director's mild indifference immediately forgoes what's left. With a rare exception, the younger generation in 1973 was not interested in watching old black-and-white movies on TV (unfortunately still today), so this overwhelming majority of viewers were new; Then as now, rating rules and deposits were the only role the reel raised. Gus Van Zandt has re-made Alfred Hitchcock's PSYCHO for similar reasons, and if these re-releases made it possible to search the original films or novels, so much the better. I liked the James M. Cain source novel so much that he could get involved at the time, and this time I enjoyed the second capsule curiosity for the elongated hair, the halter neck, the turbans, the ugly decor, and the luscious reddish brown curls of " Guest star "Samantha Eggar, who did not try too hard. Not only did Lee J. Cobb recognize some of the random cast from a childhood spent in front of the boob tube, but he also took my interest in world-weary, tired-looking Keyes, but only Richard Crenna's soulful and harmless Walter Neff reminded me of a bad day Bill Bixby. An improvement of the original was of course never intended to upset, but instead of a futile retreading a new adaptation of the novel would have been a new idea. Cain's book is a bit different from his celluloid incarnations, and the terrible shark fins in the moonlight are a killer. The Completeist is grateful that this accelerated "Me Decade" update was included as part of the DOUBLE INDEMNITY DVD Extras, but the experience not only made me see the original, but also made me nostalgic for each episode of the better-made COLUMBO TV series. I have also played a very good ABC television movie of the week of 1973, which I have not seen since the first broadcast: John D. Macdonald's LINDA with the beautiful Stella Stevens as the reckless Femme Fatale, who murdered her lover (sexy John Saxon) wife and then framing her meek husband for the crime, and if I remember rightly, there's an open ending too. As with DOUBLE INDEMNITY, it was made unnecessarily new with television queen Virginia Madsen as titular vixen and Richard Thomas as the husband of Milquetoast.
