When Samantha Eggar (as Phyllis Dietrickson) enters the door of her house wrapped in a towel, you realize that the competent actress like Eggar does not have the hypnotic power of Barbara Stanwyck. And it's not entirely Egg's fault. In the original film, Wilder Stanwyck had not only appeared in a towel, but she entered the scene on the balcony on the second floor of the house. And she "does not come out"; It almost seems like magic. Walter Neff stares at her from downstairs on the first floor. There is a reason for that. Stanwyck is much higher than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when they are first introduced. It's not just the towel. The towel adds to the seductive appeal. Her pose is like a Greek goddess overlooking her domain, and in a strange way, you feel as if she controls the entire situation right from the start. She has sexual, even magical power. This person is not an ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with hidden secrets. <br /> <br /> Back to 1973. The remake has knocked Crenna to the front door. Stanwyck's deputy, Eggar, opens the door with a towel around her. There is no "look". She just opens the door. The seductive superiority that seizes the public at the first appearance of Stanwyck in 1944, missing in 1973 completely. She opens the door with a towel around her. It may be sexy in some sort of Charlie's Angels, but it's not nearly so mysterious. The filmmakers of the remake seem to misunderstand Wilder's point of view. Possibly the script has said, "Phyllis appears in the towel," so the filmmakers of the remake simply follow the instructions and enclose the required towel. The point is not the towel. The point is the enigmatic quality of Phyllis and the potential power she exerts. Wilder gave her a towel to add something to her mystique. The filmmakers of the remake gave her a towel because that was what Wilder did. And in the choice of the shot Phyllis lost all mysticism. Richard Crenna also seems to be wrong. He seems to be "acting" and not really in the dilemma. Part of the problem is that Crenna looks like an actor from the 70s. He can not come in the 1940s. When MacMurray speaks into the microphone for the first time, sweat drips from his face. No sweat on Crenna. And they also changed one of the crucial lines in the beginning. In the original Neff says: "I did not get the money, and I did not get the wife." In the 1973 version, Crenna says, "I did not get the money and I did not want the woman." Did the filmmakers completely misunderstand the whole point of the story? Or did they dupe it for a "television audience"? <br /> <br /> This television movie that was made for television is a narration. All sharp edges of the original are lost. Perhaps the only outstanding one is Lee J. Cobb in the role that Edward G. Robinson has made known. But he can not save the loss of intensity of the original. This boring remake of 1973 is an unforgettable television movie that was probably filmed by the same people as Gilligan's Island. They might as well have tried recreating "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind". If mediocrity is the best you can hope for, what is important? The classic from 1944 is a film with an "F". This TV remake, made for television, deserves a grade "F" or a "D" for stupid.
