This 1973 remake of the classic Billy Wilder movie of 1944, "Double Indemnity", is a textbook example of the destruction of a great script. This Grade B TV food also generally shows the folly of remakes. While Hollywood has searched for greedy executives who color black-and-white films and are looking for widescreen films shown in pan-and-scan versions, the industry has ignored the hacks that insist on making and reducing a classic movie a modest remake. <br /> <br /> The first step in creating a bowlerized version of a classic is editing the script. The work of Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler was shortened by half an hour to fit the finished film in a specific time slot with space for commercials. Then update the production with bold, color photography, smart, upscale sets, and TV-savvy actors. The brand new "Double Indemnity" eliminates the atmospheric black and white film noir cinematography that enhances the mood and characterization of the original. Gone are the dusty, shadowy, claustrophobic sets that explain the protagonists' desire to escape their situation at any cost. The close connection between Keyes and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis have disappeared. <br /> <br /> Jack Smight's attitude to "Double Indemnity" is more "Dynasty" than Film Noir. Phyllis Dietrickson has a designer home for which it's a dream, and Neff's comfy pad would be hard to beat for an insurance salesman's salary, not to mention the sporty Mercedes convertible he drives. None of the characters has an obvious motive for a murderous $ 200,000. If not money, then maybe murder because of love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar, and her kisses are about as pleasurable as those between a brother and a sister. Crenna can not capture the cynicism of Neff, and his attempts at double defeat and sexual suggestiveness are dreadful. Eggar is not much better and he lacks sensuality and depth to suggest the inner functions of a supposedly devious and manipulative mind. Only Lee J. Cobb performs well as Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three directors have all done a much better job. <br /> <br /> There was no reason to produce this miserable remake, except to fill the time in a schedule. There was no reason to revive this Dud on DVD and pack it with the original film, unless you fill out a double disc pack. The only lesson that can be learned from this dropout is that even a great script and dialogue can be destroyed on television with poor casting, poor alignment, and production values. The "Double Indemnity" from the year 1973 should be called "10% Indemnity" because viewing only emphasizes the 100% perfection of the original film.
