Oh, if only I could give this garbage less than a star! There were two mildly amusing parts throughout the movie and that was it! The one was where one or two lines from the song Do not Worry, Be Happy were sung by the slugs, and the other was where Roddy fell off the toilet roll and landed with his feet and legs apart, leaving everything else, on which he landed, lay way down hit him in the groin. That's it, there was nothing more amusing than that, at least not for me! Doctornappy2 is not right to say that fans of the terrible "Shrek" may enjoy themselves, but "Wallace & Gromit" fans will probably turn away in disgust. "Since I loved Shrek 1 2 and 3, I also love Wallace and Gromit, so you see what matters: if an animation is done extremely well, it's definitely worth doing, but it was so far from The continuity flaws were too big, some were pointed out by the creators of this site, some were not, I do not want to point out all the others, but here are a few more to see: If the young daughter at the beginning of the movie The hook on the cage door drops down and the hook part to the right of it clearly goes back behind the round knob, effectively preventing Roddy from getting out, and he just does it by simply stepping on it. At some point, the ruby ​​drops Roddy's back and is pushed into the air by Rita while the ship moves forward In the next scene, Roddy caught it again, which is impossible, as he saw the ship moving forward "The only place where the ruby ​​was ejected under the back of Roddy's shirt, the only place he could have landed, was in the water, not in Roddy's hand. There was a third one I wanted to point out, but for the moment I forgot. Too many, for lack of better words, were repeated "jokes" in one way or another, there was not enough time to make any kind of connection with the characters, the characters were hollow, flat and empty, and the whole movie was left Wishing you a lot ... 85 minutes from everything else! Painting or drying of grass are two excellent options!
