A very young Ginger Rogers exchanges swift jokes and liners with rival newspaper reporter Lyle Talbot in the murder mystery of Poverty Row filmmaker Allied Productions. The movie begins with a wealthy businessman getting a head out of the roof garden of an apartment building, or was it a lover's apartment? Rogers has two identities at the beginning of the film, those of Miss Terry, the secret victim's secretary, along with her paper by Pat Morgan. If she mistakenly called her story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot) rather than her newspaper's typewriter, she is fired for her efforts when her boss learns that he was pumped out Russell's (Purnell Pratt) investigation after Harker's death that Terry / Morgan three weeks as his secretary was busy. Why exactly was that? After all, it would make sense that she was there for a newspaper story, but before that? Hints are dropped on Harker's affiliation with a well-known gangster who lives comfortably in the same dwelling, but this connection is relevant only when connected to janitor Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who cuts off and inserts all the Calling Cards with the snake that causes an HSSS with the words "You will hear it"? Apparently, the hiss of a snake was the sound of the apartment house's heating system, with which Peterson transferred toxic gas into the rooms of potential victims like Mrs. Coby in the apartment under Harker. But in response to a question that Inspector Russell had asked after Mrs. Coby's death, he "apparently" replied to the cause of strangulation. <br /> <br /> These rather contradictory plot points make the film a bit unsatisfactory for me. The revelation of janitor Peterson as the villain of this piece comes about in some cruel circumstances as we see him stuff Miss Morgan's unconscious body in the cremation oven of the building! And another point against the continuity, we see Miss Morgan in a huge basement room, while Peterson ignites the stove. she made her escape, but how? And still pretty as a picture. And who can make the necklace out of the canvas, if none other than militia officer Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt), who fell into a room over his own feet in an opening scene? Sorry, but for all Reviewers who found "A Shriek in the Night" to be a satisfying piece of content believe that every Charlie Chan movie of the same era is a true "The Usual Suspects." If you need a reason to watch the movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but guess what, she does not dance.
