Have a preview this evening. What can I say? It has lived its mediocre trailer run, though that does not say anything. It has done absolutely nothing that a movie did not do before, and it was so clichéd that I finally reached a point where I stopped laughing just because I was laughing with the audience and instead the humorless one Let play movie out. <br /> <br /> So let's see ... we have the little spectacular character trying to return with his ex-girlfriend, but he's not good enough for her, check. We have the three buddies who all have their own "personality", with one being the best friend trying to get along with the main character's best friend, but being constantly rejected. Another friend is the awkward one, who can not manage to see that positive in everything around the clock and will vote for the One-Liner (which in this case are just a bunch of movie references, especially from Disney) and the third guy that you will never remember threw the square and the bleak messages to the one who wants to hear ... check. We have the girl's ex-girlfriend and her parents **** - Block the relationship to all possible means when things are looking up, not to mention the awkward family members from the main character's side. We have the downer phase in the movie for an hour when everyone is depressed. We have the "funny" moments of the movie, which come from continuous cursing, falling or hitting people, scenes from the trailer and homosexual allusions. And I do not dare to call it a spoiler, but we have an ending that develops exactly as you thought it would be before the movie is even seen ... check. <br /> <br /> Honestly, that could ... no wait ... should have been a PG-13 movie. All that had to be dropped were F-bombs. Honestly, it would have gotten a lot more publicity from the crowd that enjoys this kind of humor, was less in the media, and therefore no less averse to being R-rated by people like me trying to keep it higher Comedies like Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor in this movie is just so awkward that it does not fit what people are looking for. I bet even the actors were often uneasy with some dialogues and actions they had to show in front of the camera. Put it this way ... in the theater it will help you to laugh because it's on the big screen and others are laughing. If this movie appears on Showtime at 2:00 pm on a day off, you may tend to change the channel. The only thing you'll keep watching is Alice Eve's hotness (which is not quite a 10 but is still very good looking). Apart from the main dissolution, this film has put a lot of subplots in the foreground side of the curb and seemed to forget to write more history that they wanted to develop at the beginning of the film, where everything else is pretty much out the window. So there is a main resolution, but what happens? It's never really definite, and it does not allow the end with the suddenness to be "good." <br /> <br /> In this movie, there was only one thing that was worth nothing, and that was the good soundtrack. Apart from the good selection of alternative rock songs of the '90s, in some parts of the film (especially at the beginning) there was a nice positive note that reminded me of something David Holmes would mix / compose. I give them props for a great sound choice. <br /> <br /> One last thing, this movie was probably shot in late summer because the unintended but proud Pepsi sponsorship showed the yellow bottle caps they had during this Rock Band promotion. I just thought that many rock band players would come to terms with it if you saw it. But I say, keep your money. If this was PG-13 and you were 15 years old on a Friday with a group of friends, I would say you should blow yourself away. Otherwise, definitely over. It's not trying to compete with the R-Rated films of recent years, and ideally, it's definitely not that good.
