What the hell is that? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in Loony Tunes Land"? The world's thinnest actress with the most duck-faced (yet duck-faced and anorexic Michelle Pfeiffer) trumps her bony butt and makes grim faces that would humiliate Bugs Bunny in one of the most animated non-animated television series of all time. This is also the most annoying one-hour TV show, hence the worst. All men look like pansies, and I myself refuse to believe that even hip big-city shyster are all as delta-male as this sad (short) bunch. Wuss Peter MacNicol is even more irritating than Calista Flockofducks with his phony Hollywood Shshshs speech impediment: it's the kind of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter "S" by turning him into a moronic "SH" that Jon likes Shtewart and Christian Shlater also practice with zeal. In the MacNicol conversation, I always wonder why his jaw does not slip ... Human facial anatomy should never support the pronunciation of the "SH" sound more than three times per second. He is a medical wonder. <br /> <br /> This ill-conceived and written drama / comedy hodgepodge also features a '90s PC. It has written POLITICAL CORRECTION with huge neon letters. Is there anything more unrealistic than a bunch of LAWYERS filled with ideals, high principles and moral values? Laughing, but this is how defense lawyers are portrayed since their inception in Hollywood. What is more noble than the defense of a murderer, a rapist or a thief? When a television series titled "Ally McBeak" begins preaching to America about governing the country, Paris Hilton must become president. "Ally McQuack" is both a product of recent and prolific western fools and a culprit. <br /> <br /> These alleged "eccentricities," like the UNBELIEVABLY annoying music numbers, are not convincingly embarrassing. This is not a Monty Python. Whatever "new" the non-talented creators of this garbage aimed for, they failed with honors. "Ally McBeak" is a highly commercial TV company dedicated to distinguishing yuppies, bored housewives and bipolar lawyers. It is yet another boring "objection that will uphold your honor, may I call the witness a" legalistic nonsense "that the American public seems to be devouring with pleasure for some strange reason ...
