No, I can not handle it here. I reject the program. Did not you think that this film might be just a little overrated? Take a look at the reader comments and their star ratings: Most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is a case where the reviews can say more about the people who render them than the movie itself, which is unique. How many other sex fantasies about simulated bestiality with horsepower have become mainstream hits as catalog DVD titles? I saw this film with a pervasive sense of expectation, expecting fireworks, and instead had someone pop a Gucci tote bag. It looked great, but after the thrill had been used up, the end of filming could not save much more. <br /> <br /> The film's backstory says it all: The director films hardcore fakes for about 25 minutes Sex for another movie informs that the footage is inappropriate, puts it aside, wait two or three years, until a weak critical response builds up, and then builds a complete feature around the 25 minutes and films about 70 minutes, which are otherwise not interconnected, tormenting boring material and inserting the 25-minute block as a dream sequence. It goes without saying that the 25-minute film in question is strikingly strange, original and intentionally calculated, but we are not here to evaluate these 25 minutes on our own, we have to look at the entire film and ask ourselves why People are so excited about the movie? Or are they just in love with the lore and the story of being banned by people stupid enough to be insulted? <br /> <br /> Maybe it's an anti-clerical agenda that appeals to her. To hate the Western religions of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few remaining socially acceptable bastions of intolerance. Just today it became known that the BBC routinely distorts its programs with anti-Christian & anti-Western sentiment to promote political correctness. You can say anything you want about the Bible, about pedophile priests, the institutionalized cruelty of the church and how much white men and their inhuman religions suck the napkin off a golf ball ... But say a negative thing about non-Westernized religions and you are toast. This film was tailor-made for such a feeling, with an old, wrinkled, parched priest who has a totally unwholesome relationship with two handsome 14-year-old French boys who have been inappropriately touching, flickering, caressing, fumbling, fumbling, fumbling and tapping Both work together backs. Ewww. <br /> <br /> And then there are the horsepins, photographed in such a fetishistic close-up detail that parts of the film could be used as visual aids for biology lessons in animal husbandry. Yes, I understand the thematic relevance of the images - big animal phallus with a plethora of reproductive fluids just waiting to be unleashed like fire extinguishers - but if I wanted to watch horses then I'd like to be live at a farm. Having your genitals in my face is about as entertaining as watching a bathroom. <br /> <br /> Is this movie just a kind of artistic distraction for social adventurers? Probably, though I will grant most of the artistic execution to it, it was filmed in a kind of elaborate Euro detail that even features a speckled forest pond directly from a Monet painting with a spanned arched bridge. And the end (of which I was even surprised) somehow packs it into a decent, if awkward package. However, one must remember that there are certain things that can not be deconstructed for their design elements, and many artists are guilty of using them in their work for a type of gravitas that would not have been achieved without them. That's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood has succumbed to the urge to make a new film about Iwo Jima. Whether or not his film is a good film is a separate consideration of whether or not this battle was a noble thing to be fought by men who were heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two aspects of the film, and because of their noble message, they will be Oscars - not because it's a particularly good or original movie. <br /> <br /> While it sounds like a strange parallel, I see one with THE BEAST: How can one not see the basic beauty of nature when two horses mate? And who can not see the logical climax of the suppressed sexuality of fairy tales in the explosive backdrop of the movie, where Beauty and the Beast finally does evil? Somehow, I managed to ignore both points, and I am glad that I saw this movie to destroy it as it really is: 25 minutes or more eyes open above the top adult fairytale, surrounded by 70 minutes Skull dehydrated boring artistically-trashy Euro Trash filth over a guy who gets a haircut, and a great ending. It sure is art, but it's tough. <br /> <br /> 3/10
