Office work, especially in times of computers, multifunctional copying machines, e-mail, voicemail, post and "time", is rich in satirical possibilities, a vein that has previously appeared in films such as "Clockwatchers" and "." Office space 'and very successful. However, this latest addition to the Temp / Humor pool, "Haiku Tunnel", led by Josh Kornbluth and Jacob Kornbluth, does not do justice to their predecessors. She is laughing somewhere outside the door, waiting for a chance to sneak in. Unfortunately for the audience, this chance never comes; What you get is a nice try, but as the man once said, no cigar. <br /> <br /> As the narrator / star of the film, Josh Kornbluth (plays Josh Kornbluth), he shows in the first pictures (in a monologue delivered directly into the camera) this story is pure fiction and plays in the fictional City of San Francisco. It's an innovative, if not very resourceful, disclaimer and not too funny. However, it is a harbinger of what should follow, and all of that - like the disclaimer - is just not so funny. Kornbluth plays Kornbluth, an aspiring novelist who advocates his work as "Temp." It's a job that suits him, and it gives him time to work on his novel from time to time. When he works for a lawyer, Bob Shelby (Warren Keith), he does too good a job on the first day, and Shelby sends chief secretary Marlina D'Amore (Helen Shumaker) to Kornbluth to persuade him to leave. 'The thought of working full-time for the same company initially scares the heart of Kornbluth, but he relents and signs the job. He's nervous, but at least the other secretaries now acknowledge his presence (which, of course, they would never do at a tempo), and if things get too rough, he has seventeen important letters he's just typed out - on it he can hold back (he has held her back because mailing is the easy part, and he needs the "something light" as a reserve, in case it becomes too much for him). But these are "important" letters, and at the end of the week Kornbluth has them in reserve, on his desk. And it does not take a genius to figure out that when Shelby finds out, the days of Kornbluth will be over as a blond boy. And fast. <br /> <br /> The Kornbluth brothers, who not only directed, but also wrote the screenplay for this film with John Bellucci, should have taken a page from the Ben Stiller book of comedy that says, " If you play it now, they will laugh. " But they did not and the audience did not. For in comedy, even though it is considered as objective as possible, when the main character (and in this case most of the minor characters) plays "funny," as he knows, "he is funny" is never. And that's exactly what Kornbluth does here ; Rather than being "funny," he acts as insincere and presumptuous, a grave mistake in the judgment of the Kornbluths, for by allowing it, they sabotaged their own movie. <br /> <br /> When trying to figure out why this movie does not work, there are two basic reasons to keep in mind: directing, though not necessarily "bad", is at least careless; and second, the performances, beginning with Josh Kornbluth's. Kornbluth just seems too impressed with himself to be effective here. Unlike Stiller or even Steve Martin - both of them use the self-deprecating humor very effectively - Kornbluth apparently has an ego that simply can not be brought into that light; he seems to have the need to let his audience know that he, the true Kornbluth, is in reality much smarter than the character of Kornbluth. And that he does not get past it makes him just like the movie. Instead of giving the millions of office workers who could see this movie to someone they can connect with or identify with, Kornbluth acts in a condescending manner that serves only to alienate people, he tries to reach. So it depends on bad governance and unconvincing action, and considering that the script was initially weak, with an inexplicably narrow focus (given the potential of the rich topic), it's easy to understand why this plane is not flying. <br /> <br /> The only saving grace of the film is the performance of Warren Keith as Shelby, whose subtle charisma is convincing and which - in and of itself - is quite funny. The effectiveness is, however, mitigated by the fact that Keith has to share his scenes with Kornbluth, which slightly neutralizes his positive contributions to the project. <br /> <br /> Shumaker and Sarah Overman (Julie Faustino) also manage to keep their heads above water with their respective performances that are commendable, if not memorable; At least they make their scenes visible, and Overman even manages to boost Kornbluth's performance, if only for a moment. But it is not enough to save the day or the movie. <br /> <br /> Cast members include Amy Resnick (Mindy), Brian Thorstenson (Clifford), June Lomena (DaVonne), Joe Bellan (Jimmy the Post), with a cameo appearance by a messy-looking Harry Shearer as a guide - a role that asks for an answer to the question: "What did he think when he agreed?" In any work environment, there will always be situations where one way or another inevitably becomes food for a man's comedic cannon, and the films depicting those situations will always be with us. The good ones (see paragraph 1) can even become classics themselves. Undoubtedly, the Haiku Tunnel will remain with them for a very long time because its fate lies elsewhere - in an area known only as "obscurity". I rate this with 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
