Unfortunately, the pressure of the movie we watched last week was burned in the fire at Universal Studios, so we were stuck with videos. That could even be a metaphor for this second-rate King Kong movie by Toho Studios' director Ishiro Honda. In essence, it's a warm-up for King Kong vs. Godzilla. It even uses the idea of ​​a Mecha-Kong like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the film reaches its peak. King Kong is fighting against Mecha-Kong at the Expo Tower in Tokyo, but if you did not know that, then you might be in the age group for which this film was intended. <br /> <br /> The cast is led by a man named Rhodes Reason, whom we had never heard of ... When he flips through his list, I mostly see many scattered American television credits. So it's interesting that they hauled him to Japan so they could have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the film is the more sensitive Japanese commander, played by Akira Takarada, whom I recognized from Hiroshi Inagaki's iconic version of "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and also from Honda's original Godzilla films. I'm sorry, Rhodes Reason, whoever you are, but this guy has a lot more screen presence, and you can bet everyone wants him to end up with the cute little blonde played by Linda Miller. We laughed at the way Reason would always find a way to interject between Miller and Takarada, who seemed to prefer it. Of course, like all the leading ladies in Kong, she is mainly associated with the king herself. She discovers a nice trick: If you really talk to a giant monkey ... really ... slowly ... he will understand what you say. And if you're a blond boy, that means he'll do anything you tell him to do. This fact is not lost to Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - a "nation not to be named" - who intend to use them as bait to force Kong to mine mineral deposits are trapped at the North Pole. Yes, this is really the plot of the entire movie - apparently only a huge monkey will be able to dig out those minerals that can be used to make super powerful weapons. Dr. Who builds Mecha-Kong to get it, but the circuit gets in the way, so they choose the real Kong. Kong himself seems to be temporarily enchanted in Mecha-Kong, a story element that made the movie more interesting, but did not pursue it. At the end of the film, the cute blonde screamed "Kong" or "King Kong" in her chirping voice, so often that the two heroes, when they tell her to let him go at the end, speak for all of us. Basically, this film falsifies the majesty that was possible in the Kong figure by making him a heroic and friendly character much too early, just like the latest version of the story. Kong is just a guy in a suit in this movie, and they show pretty much of him to the point where the stupid face can not possibly be taken seriously. It's a good looking movie, I'm sure it meets the demands or wishes of the fans of this kind of thing, which in a sense is more of a wrestling movie than a monster movie. The monsters are never really scared in these movies, they just jump around and push each other. It's not a worthless movie, but it's extremely predictable and phrased, so it's likely to be entertaining for all under 10's only as a comedy.
