This is an interesting left turn for Reel 13 Indies. TWO HARBOR is a 75-minute Minnesota B & W movie about non-actors. It's about two people who find a connection through the search for an extraterrestrial life. I welcome the boldness of the Reel 13 programmers as you look outside the box when choosing this film. I only wish they had chosen a stronger movie to be more courageous. In fact, I wonder if the choice was due to the uniqueness of the film rather than the actual quality of the film itself (Not that TWO HARBOR is completely unfounded, but I'll come to that later). <br /> <br /> As with independent films, ZWEI HAFEN is local. There are only two real locations? A big junk merchant market and a very tiny trailer featuring the lead actor Vic, middle-aged Alex Cole. Author / director James Vculek uses the market environment to cover Vic, one of the local dealers. He has several people who approach Vic and start very long conversations that only give us two pieces of information. Vic sells space toys (he calls them "space action figures") and is a caustic asshole. This is a symbol of one of the two main problems with TWO HARBORS - all that chatting. I already said it and I'll say it again? We're dealing with a visual medium, and filmmakers have to work harder to tell their stories visually. There are of course exceptions, but in general the endless pattern is not so interesting on the movie? especially when the dialogue is used as exposure. Pretty much all conversations in the movie are long and needlessly wordy. A notable example would be some scenes where Vic tries to portray himself as a Boy Scout leader to get a discount in a shop. He argues with the employee back and forth and these scenes do not even bring the storyline by an iota. This is the kind of thing that makes even a 75-minute movie work. <br /> <br /> The other problem with TWO HARBORS is the acting. I may be a bit weird when it comes to movie performance, but I do not think there's a good excuse for not having good actors in your films. There are many good actors, many of them willing to work on low budget projects? even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers see the importance of acting as secondary to their imagery, but that's naive. In narrative filmmaking, apart from the story, nothing is more important than acting. If you do not believe people are playing your story, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> Originally I thought that Vculek was using non-actors, but as the movie went on, I decided it was probably a community actor in a theatrical style. It was not that they felt uncomfortable in front of the camera. It was that they were overly theatrical (ie H. Gross). Granted, the best actors were the two main actors? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a lonely young girl in Vic's alien hunt. They seemed to have trained the most but were still a bit rough on the edges. The eccentricities they showed seemed superficial, not a real, organic place inside. Especially Mrs. Johnson is an interesting case. She definitely has a presence? a charm from the Midwest, but this charisma belies the many problems your character should have. She strives to portray the idiosyncrasies that derive from a supposed life of loneliness and (slave) work, and relies on gestures such as rolling eyes, lip biting and stuttering to suggest her discomfort with the outside world. <br /> <br /> I mentioned in the first paragraph that TWO HARBORS are not without merit and that is what I mean. Without betraying too much, one hour after the film a white fades. After that, the story takes a breathtaking turn, making the last 15 minutes evocative and downright powerful. It's like a jerk in the gut, but in a good way. It's almost a relief to feel something with these characters after such a long time. The last five minutes of the movie have no dialogue at all and the result is the best part of the movie. subtle, detailed (Cole does his best work of film) and above all cinematic. Then, with the credits comes the most amazing revelation of all? that it is based on a true story that made me think. With all the dialogue, the minimal filming locations, and the lack of cinematic qualities, did it occur to me that TWO PORT with two kick-ass actors and a tighter rewrite could make a really exciting stage play? maybe even a one-act. If there are brave theatrical producers out there who read this, I definitely recommend if you can get their hands on the film and turn to the filmmaker, Reel 13 or whoever. There could be something about this story? <br /> <br /> (For more information on this or another movie from Reel 13, visit www.reel13.org).
