Genghis Cohn is a (very) mildly entertaining British film about a German police commissioner in the late 1950s who is persecuted by the ghost of a Jewish comedian he killed 15 years earlier when serving under Hitler in the SS. The ghost comes back and wants his killer to live as a Jew to atone for the murders he committed. Otto, the German policeman, actually knows the name of this spirit, because the last thing he did before his death was said in Yiddish: "Kiss my ass". The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked around until he found the meaning. The "kiss my ass" left such an impression that those involved in the killing knew and remembered the name of comedian Genghis Cohn and there are no helpful hints. The men are murdered with knife sets missing from the local butcher. The butcher announces that his knives are missing while the agent is in the store to get a sandwich with liver and onions. The commissioner is thus a suspect. The first man is killed when he loves the butcher's wife, so the butcher is a suspect. The butcher claims he is very busy if he kills any man who has slept with his wife. All men are killed immediately after the climax of the lovemaking. <br /> <br /> I think I could be a little bit more angry than the ghost of Genghis Cohn if I was killed as he was. He seems to be very good-natured, as if he had just had a minor car accident. I can only assume that this is a British film known as a very polite people. He's using some of his material from his stand-up routing, and I just did not find it funny. <br /> <br /> I gave this movie a 4 because it was just stupid. I thought it should have been something more serious than it was. The film turns out to be a murder mystery (where does that come from?), And it seemed that Genghis should have been more helpful than he. The film gave me a little insight into Jewish culture, but it was only superficial. Do all Jews love liver and onion sandwiches? Do you all say "Shtoop" and "Meshuganah" in their daily vocabulary? Are not there any more important things we should know about the culture? <br /> <br /> I saw this movie in a Jewish community center in Berkeley, California, and I was the only person in the room whose hair was not completely gray or white. (I do not have gray or white hair.) We were 18 and after the movie they stayed about 20 minutes to discuss the movie. There were two main concerns expressed: 1. The film was far too lighthearted, and future generations could not understand the severity of the incident and 2. If the Holocaust survivors die, future generations will not know what really happened. I thought this second concern was ridiculous, and I told them that I thought they would not have to worry because there is a lot of literature and there will always be people who like watching movies like me. The murder of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will never be forgotten. I am writing this last paragraph because they have instructed me to tell others about my experience that day.
