The movie Love To Kill (Hong Kong, 1993) by Billy Chung Siu Hung (the bloody sword fighting assassin from 1993) is one of the strongest products of the Category III boom, which lived in the HK cinema at the beginning of the nineties. It consisted of movies of strong sex, nakedness and violence, more or less unfounded and just shocked. Love To Kill definitely belongs to the "More" categories with unforgettable ideas and celluloid diseases. <br /> <br /> HK psycho Anthony Wong (from the same year's award-winning The Untold Story by Herman Yau)) plays a businessman and a husband who plays his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung) for some reason, does not leave him, tortures, humiliates and rapes, and saves himself and his little son from the troubled tormentor. However, a police officer (Danny Lee, the famous police figurehead of films such as Dr. Lamb (1992) by Billy Tang (and Co) of Lee) and The Killer (1989) by John Woo, to name but a few, sees the problem and begins of course, to protect the wife and the son, but of course Anthony does not like that and leads everything into the typical ultra-spirited and graphic finale during a rainstorm. <br /> <br /> The film is almost completely without serious merit, as it is just an exploitation to make money if these types of films were so popular. The imagery and the happenings are never to be found in Western cinema, at least in the mainstream, and it becomes even more stunning when some / most of the taboos for Westerners, such as violence and perversions that a child experiences, are broken in these films alone reading the storylines would make most viewers feel sick, and so does this film. <br /> <br /> The film still has a rather interesting and scary soundtrack in the tradition of the aforementioned Dr. Ing. Lamb which practically triggered the whole boom in 1992. In general, the music and soundtrack in HK movies is interesting and enhances the visual language, especially in these terror films. Also, the cinematography is worth mentioning, because the film, especially in the final, in blue colors and camera lenses is bathed (as Assassin) and the raging storm is beautifully captured on the camera. Otherwise, there is nothing that would have rated the movie higher than on the Nastiness Meter. <br /> <br /> The actors and actresses are talented and professional and do not make the film worse by acting. Nevertheless, the film has the usual HK-humor that makes the sick goings even sicker when something "humor" is thrown into the soup. This includes some jokes about Danny Lee's erection and so on. Something that was never to be found in Western "serious" films. And this thing usually destroys the otherwise remarkable HK movies because the humor is so obvious and tries to entertain the audience and the masses. <br /> <br /> The film has a very high level of indignation, as it has numerous scenes abusing Wong's wife in various ways. She is raped and abused, beaten and kicked by her husband. We also see some flashbacks from Wong's own childhood, which is just as violent as his own father also killed and made his young son what he is now. These flashback scenes, usually at the end of the movie, also include some totally unexpected experiences as the pictures are sped up (eg the ax strikes) and this creates a completely insane and vile mood in the scene. Again something that only HK Exploitation Makers seem to find. The end itself contains a lot of sudden and shocking blood as the madman swings his ax and, for example, hits some nails in his furious manner. <br /> <br /> The film is also pretty "suspicious" in my opinion because violence and terror are realistically painful and deal with things that NEVER should be understood as entertainment, mostly rape. The version I've seen (I've seen two versions) contains a very long and totally disgusting rape scene that tries to be as sadistic as possible. I am not sure if the HK audience really likes such pictures, but I think nobody with a sense of morality in movies / entertainment would never accept or do such a thing. Women are brutally brutalized and killed in the most sadistic and vile manner, so that the fate of men seems almost tame compared to women. <br /> <br /> The other version I saw, the newly released DVD in HK (without subtitles) has this scene "Table brutality" in a much longer form than the subtitle DVD from Taiwan that is otherwise with the HK Version is identical. I've also heard that the old HK Laserdisc is different from these two, and since the credits are filled with scenes and images that are not in the actual movie, it's impossible to say how "uncut" versions released them or have shown are theatrical. Obviously, a lot of material was cut out, possibly even before the theatrical release. <br /> <br /> The film was written by Law Gam Fai and Lau Wing Kin, the former including films such as Dr. Lamb, The Untold had written Story and Gunmen (Kirk Wong, 1988), but of his other films that I've seen, Love to Kill is the biggest matter of course. Dr. Both Lamb and The Untold Story are both very brutal and violent, but they also have some attacks on the authorities and men in general on how easy it is to turn themselves into an animal or fight. The cruel torture images of The Untold Story, the victim is the criminal, are very strong and definitely have an impact on changing something that may be lazy in society and the police, for example. But there's nothing like it in Love to Kill, it's just an honest, calculated and quickly exploited exploit that is produced by an experienced director, Kirk, "Organized Crime & Triad Bureau (1993), Crime Story (1993)" Wong! <br /> <br /> Love to Kill does not earn more than 2/10 of me, as I do not have too much appreciation for movies like this one. (HK) Cinema should be more and more, and films like Love to Kill are just commercial parasites living under the real pieces of art.
