Well, I would be lying if I said that this could easily keep up with Spiderman or the Batman movies. Still, it was more attractive to me because of its moral value. I bought the VHS for the first time when my son was about 2 years old and he immediately became his favorite. My wife and I are enthusiastic supporters of Robert Townsend. Since using credit cards to finance his first Hollywood Shuffle movie. While he must use the talents and knowledge of technical advisors to make the films more credible, his films are still fun. <br /> <br /> Meteor Man gives a hero an urban character. I always felt that if there were superheroes, they would not offer the same scenarios as in the comics. Meteor Man is a realistic hero with real problems: car has broken in, bad neighborhood, local drug dealers using children to distribute etc. The scope of his mission has remained pretty much within the community. <br /> <br /> What I did Outside of James Earl Jones' "Young Forever" performance, it was really entertaining how the neighborhood responded to its newly discovered powers. It was not long before they had set a complete agenda for him, of course, without his input. It was funny to hear that they were being offered to make it available to other communities where their extended families lived. Yes, the plot was weak, the movie was predictable, there was bad acting and continuity was lazy, but it's # 1 with my kids. Robert Townsend is working to "bring home" movies, so to speak. I doubt he'll ever be recognized as the talented actor / producer / director he really is, but there are and will always be those who love him for his efforts. One point to think about is the movie, which I find amusing: During the whole fight with Simon nobody bothered to call the police. What mother and father do you know who see their son fight from the window? My mother would have been right there and would have pushed me from toe to toe. Dad would load his pistol. lol <br /> <br /> Rent it and have a look. It is worth seeing at least once and good for those who are fans of Sinbad, Luther Vandross, Bill Cosby, Big Daddy Kane etc. Great work with the Cameos Robert!
