"The Running Jumping & Standing Still Movie" is not a movie in itself, but a short series of clips with a funny slapstick theme. This "film" has recognized Richard Lester and paved the way to make the first Beatles film: "A Hard Day's Night". Richard Lester has staged and written the music for his first film in 1959. The film was titled Running, Jumping and Standing Still, and was to be seen only by those involved in the production, as the film was only to be seen by Lester and his partners, a small amount of money and time was invested. The only purpose of this film is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is the fact that it was used as an experiment to work the camera. The film cost £ 70 to produce and was filmed in sepia. toned stock of films on a field on some Sundays: all the shots that were shot were included in the finished production, the finished production is eleven minutes long. <br /> <br /> The Running, Jumping & Standing Still movie is a comedy about the English Sundays and the little hobbies that people do to bridge the time. All events in this movie take place in one field. Some of these comical events include a woman scrubbing a lawn, a man walking around a tree stump with a needle to play a vinyl record, a photographer developing a movie in a pond, an artist painting on the numbers Man is building a tent, an athlete is running across the tent and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a gun. The movie not only enjoys the hobbies that people make to pass the time, but also English culture compared to American culture. Another of several events in this film includes a group of men and a kite built from the flag of the United Kingdom. One of the men jumps into the kite while the other men try to fly it, and the kite breaks. According to Neil Sinyard, author of The Films by Richard Lester, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom as less energy and technology compared to the United States during the space age. According to this scene, the British fly primitive kites, while the Americans, the world power after the Second World War, fly sophisticated rockets and space ferries.
