There is NOTHING cool, hip or smart about this movie - if you like it, it just shows ignorance of true art cinema. How can you easily forget that the central fact of this entire film is that these mean and ugly people are. , , SERIAL KILLER! If they have to dismember strangers to be "a family again," then we do not want them to be "a family." What part of that did you have difficulty understanding? Why are you applauding this filth? <br /> <br /> THIS stupid dirt is what you do when you can not do art! The head and the life of man must be deeply empty, in order to understand this superficial malice as "interesting". This is a camera without a brain. What makes a work of art really cool is the depth that questions the status quo from a perspective based on the knowledge of history (or in that case, knowledge of EVERYTHING would be preferable!). Instead, this happens to collect the ugliest images available in a meltdown world, thanks to the sort of vile meanness that is called "cool because it's so far OUT, man!" Is glorified. These violent events actually happen every day. They are NOT "just in the movie". They refer to real, soulless people who would do the same to YOU. DO you want these things to be done to you? A child could have thought it out, it does not require imagination, it is NOT surrealism. This rotten crap has no content, says nothing - it's just the worst of the evening news, and it says nothing new, nothing we do not already know. It is about "the new clothes of the emperor". The director hopes that there are enough uneducated children who are proud of their inhumanity so that they can fly sloppy dirt. I can now see the crazy fans of director Miike: chain-smoking teenagers and twenties of years covered with tattoos and metal hanging on holes in the faces whose knowledge base is inversely proportional to their intelligence estimate of themselves. <br /> <br /> There is NO PRINCIPLE about it - it's just the mere exploitation of shock violence. There is no "hidden meaning" in this badly made movie. It's alright to explore a movie to see if you can find movies that are genuinely artistic. BUT you can not find any hidden meaning when you are not there! To do this, you need to see and check a REAL movie theater. There is PLENTY under the direction of Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Duke, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Ordet. Why do not you see a REAL art film of greats of these giants? This would-be director, Miike, will NEVER make a movie that's like one of the geniuses I've just performed because he just does not have the talent! Anyone could beat up a chaotic crap like "Visitor Q". Teenagers could throw this together in one afternoon! There is no message, no meaning, no conspiracy, nothing at all. There are long lists of ART films that you can learn from - but THIS "Visitor Q" is NOT an art film in any way. It has no content. It's just a banal horror that focuses on another, and the point to remember about these heinous crimes is that these things happen every day anywhere in the world. They are NOT OK because they are "only in the movie". They refer to real, soulless people who would do the same to YOU. DO you want these things to be done to you? To others? Why? Because this world is already ugly enough, thanks to the people who like to think about such terrible events. <br /> <br /> There are so many art films that allow you to deconstruct your mind, but you are wasting your talents with this crap. There is no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; Why are you trying? I've spent almost 40 years watching virtually every movie ever made, and keeping up with all the new movies, but I've never seen anything so despicably meaningless. It is neither imaginative nor shocking, as these kinds of events happen daily all over the world. To shoot this film or even just to review cheap, have over 50 young air heads who do not know better, it is considered "cool". They may grow up thinking that they convince others, some of which might end up doing these things - condemned killers often reveal how they started this way by being desensitized to the horror of this cruel inhumanity. Trust me on this point - I know, cool, and cool this piece of crap IS NOT. Visitor Q feels like he's got a real SNUFF movie, and I'm still not sure if that's really the case. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is terrible enough. Certain acts of violence such as these MAY happen to YOU ​​or to the socially irresponsible director who has brought this film out of FAKE Art. Believe me, you will not think that it is "cool" for someone to saw your skull in half!
