(BIG SPOILERS) I saw another Takashi Miike movie, and that was the very disturbing and brutal "audition" that was a study of the Japanese ideals of femininity! In "Visitor Q" - which in my opinion means "Visitor Question" - he investigates the family unit in a very disturbing way. Miike's surreal vision of a dysfunctional family is almost Lynchian in terms of confusion and filmmaking, but ultimately lacks style and intrigue. We, the audience, are introduced to a bizarre series of scenes from the opening scene in which the father figure (Kenichi Endo, who was actually pretty good) paid for sex with his displaced daughter (Fujiko). When the father returns home, he is hit in the head by the "visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe), who wears a pretty handsome rock, and for some reason, they both end up with the family again. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and bullied by her son (Jun Muto), who is also beaten and bullied by his schoolmates. When the visitor enters the house, he establishes himself as something threatening as part of the unit. Finally, the family begins to improve their relationship, with the help of the visitor, by milking the breasts, murdering and retaining the pride of the family. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that somehow bring the family together. It has unpleasant humor, but is also frustratingly stupid and exaggerated in its craziness. There is a necrophilic scene that is absolutely disgusting, but is ridiculously funny in the remainder of the scene. Partly because of the situation itself and partly because you can not believe that the filmmakers and actors actually do! The style of the film is, to say the least, bad, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters themselves are everywhere, and although I understand that this is not realistic, there is little interest in these confronting characters and situations, as they all border on the absurd! The camera work is sloppy and does not have the cinematic feel that Lynch's work entails. It is hard to take this film seriously on a surrealistic level or to make an interpretation of the study of the family unit in Japan. It just seems Miike is shocked, and the movie seems to be aware that he is "trying" to be shocking, and it's almost funny to be taken seriously. All in all, I would say that this movie is a bizarrely dark comedy, but it looks and feels amateurish and seems to be unnecessarily shocking. Miike's previous film Audition was a balance between hideous horror, character development and technology. This led to a new intrigue in the way the film was designed to immerse the viewer in the plot. 'Visitor Q' is a step backwards, as it is too much effort to be confronted whimsically and intentionally, without really having much to say! <br /> <br /> ** from *****!
