Here are the games. , , (Adv. = Advantage) <br /> <br /> The Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) v The Perfect Team (Mr. Perfect, Ax, Smash and Crush of Demolition): Ax is the first, which goes in seconds when the warrior spatters him for the needle (4-3 Adv. Krieger). I knew Ax was not a healthy man, but if he was so unhealthy, why would he take him on the map? This would be his last PPV. Ultimately, both Legion of Doom and Demolition are cost-effectively deployed through double disqualification (2-1 Adv. Warriors). Perfect applies the Perfect Plex to Texas Tornado for the pin. He then tries the same to Warrior, but Warrior does not sell it and comes out. Warrior comes back with a splash to nail Perfect and become the only survivor. 5/10 <br /> <br /> The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and The Hart Foundation vs Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): The mysterious partner is The Undertaker and His debut Immediately noticeable when he deals with The Tombstone (The Tombstone) with The Tombstone (who still does not know enough who he does not know), Niedhart makes a hit honky for the pin (3-3) and his career The WWF is over: Shortly thereafter, Niedhart falls victim to Dibiase with the help of Virgil (3: 2, Dibiase's team) Rhodes follows after an Undertaker double ax Handle the upper rope and do not attack Brother Love softly The Undertaker goes to Dusty Even though he is not the legal man (2: 1. Dibiase's team), Greg gets into a cradle of Hart, who tries to put the figure on him with four leg locks and gets pinned down to Hard against Dibia Se and after a few minutes In addition to nice wrestling, Bret gets his body cross from Dibiase for the pin. Dibiase is the only survivor. At least Hart is used well. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The Vipers (Jake 'The Snake' Roberts, 'Superfly' Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) v Visionaries (Rick 'Model' Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory): After some time Im Ring receives Marty Jannetty's power slammed by Warlord when he comes off the top rope for the pin (4-3 Adv. Visionaries). Snuka is held in seconds by Martel, who reverses his cross (4-2 Adv. Visionaries). Michaels gets into the Power Plex and gets plugged by Roma (4-1 Adv. Visionaries). It is now Roberts against four men who two years ago resembled his Survivor series. Although he has met with the DDT warlord, Roberts is counted to chase after Martel. The Visionaries are the first team in Survivor Series history to survive as a whole. To be honest, when psychology is rushed, you should not see much here. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, Hacksaw 'Jim Duggan, Bigbossman, and Tugboat) - Natural Disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian, and Haku): A Bossman Slam Eliminates Haku Early in Battle (4-5) 3 Adv. Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets his 2 x 4 out after hitting an earthquake to get disqualified (3-3). Shortly thereafter, Bravo commits suicide in the career by allowing Hogan to take him for the pin (3-2 Adv. Hulkamaniacs). The earthquake succeeds in defeating Bossman shortly afterwards with two elbow drops (2-2). Hogan gets knocked down and FINALLY Tugboat gets a day (who knew he was there at the time?), Wrestling for about 30 seconds before being counted by the earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarian have left. Barbarian has some nice attacks, but will inevitably get into the big boot and leg waste for the needle. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> The alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) against mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All Mercanaries wore camouflage colors. Lightning fast pins with Santana, who stuck Zhukov in seconds in his last PPV (4-3 Adv. Alliance). There was not even a Bolshevik showdown. Bushwhackers met Sato with The Battering Ram, though Tanaka was the legal man (4-2 Adv. Alliance) and his last appearance on the WWF would be PPV when The Orient Express was repackaged. Tanaka follows Sato as Santana stuns him with his flying forearm (4-1 Adv. Alliance). Although Slaughter got into the ring against four men, he eliminated Volkoff (whose career is over after that), Butch and Luke in that order relatively easily. Finally, Santana defeats Slaughter by disqualification when General Adnan beats him with the Iraqi flag. Finally, an interesting booking, although the game was terrible. Santana wins the victory as the only survivor and becomes his last hour. 3/10 <br /> <br /> The egg hatches and it's Hector Guerrerro in a stupid outfit. He dances with Gene Okerlund and is booed by the crowd, while Piper and Monsoon pretend they enjoy it. <br /> <br /> Match of Survival: The Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana vs. Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel and 'Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just Another Exception Catalog Than Santanas Warlord In Seconds with flying forearm at least avenge his previous defeat at Summerslam (4-3 Adv. Dibiase's team). Dibiase stun guns Santana then for the pin (4-2 Adv. Dibiase team). Hogan steps out of the Power Plex and ties Roma to a clothesline, effectively killing the thrust of Power and Glory (3-2, Dibiase's team). Hogan eliminates Martel by counting and Dibiase with the leg drop for the pin (2: 1 for Hogan's team). Hogan finally lets Warrior into the game, which after a splash quickly eliminates the former archenemy Hercules. A very predictable end to nausea. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Overall, too many matches and too little time obviously had a detrimental effect as the wrestlers were almost waiting on a conveyor belt to get nailed. Most heels were decimated by Warrior and Hogan, which is a bad way to deal with a large number of wrestlers.
