I have to say that this was a bit embarrassing for the 'King of the Cowboys'; The picture dates from 1948 and was released ten years after the first pictures by Roy Rogers, in which he played a major role. Roy's figure seems a bit clueless, along with his female co-star Jane Frazee, which alternates between their followers Roy and Robert Livingston and the chief evil Bill Regan portrayed in this case. The whole story is mixed up, with missed opportunities for a fun hour. Such as the legend of Hangman's Hotel, where the hanged man is brought to life at midnight. With Andy Devine as cookie Bullfincher in the cast you would think the story would take a little more miles. Instead, there's a complicated procedure that would have been better if it had been a Bowery Boys movie. It was a sad attempt at a cursed Hotelgag, which was based on poor old Genevieve, who was frankly. He got more time than Trigger, whose contract as "Smartest Horse in the Movies" had nothing to say by a mule staged. And then you and that Bob Nolan and replace Foy Willing's Riders of the Purple Sage the sons of the pioneers of your musical interlude. I do not know about you, but it was already halfway in the picture and I was still looking for Pat Brady - well! <br /> <br /> However, there still existed here an interesting element if you looked hard enough, and it turned out that Roy's athletic offshoots of trigger was while he was still on the run from the bad guys. OK, it was probably a stunt double, but I have not seen it in a few hundred Westerns yet. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazee makes the honor as leading lady in this picture, as they would do it in four other films alongside Roy in the time frame of 1947/1948. In "Under California Stars" she appeared as a cousin of Andy Devine, who was named accordingly Caroline Bullfincher. You'll never be sure which side she'll turn up in this story because she's starting to be someone she is not and is almost fortuitously on the good side. <br /> <br /> fans of the old Laurel- and Hardy movies could be just as surprised when Sheriff of Sintown when I saw here James Finlayson. I would have liked a little more comedy relief, but he still played it pretty straightforward. When it was all over, I had to wonder why he and old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) ended up with Cookie in the mine shaft when there was no reason for it. I guess it's just a way to finish it, with about as much thought as the rest of the picture went. I hate being so tough, but once you've seen enough of Roy Rogers flicks, you must know that this was not one of his finer efforts. <br /> <br /> Say, Sintown - I wonder if that's the same place where Sin City grew up?
