I came out of the movie with the feeling that it could have been so much better. Instead of having a thrilling and tense story about a wilderness boy's struggle, it appears as a National Geographic documentary that hits on Columbia sportswear advertising. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brian (Jared Rushton) preparing for a flight to see his father. His mother happens to give him the curious choice of a hatchet as an outgoing present (what's wrong with a magic cube?), Little to know how urgent he'll need it soon. Once in the air, the pilot of the plane (a blink and you will miss him from Ned Beatty) suffers a fatal heart attack. Brian is helpless as the plane crashes into a lake. Extremely happy to run away (or swim) virtually unscathed, Brian needs to find shelter, food and hope for salvation. <br /> <br /> Here begins the main problem of the film. Due to the nature of Brian's loneliness, Jared has very few lines to speak, and so the film would have had to compensate for each scene by raising the tension. Instead, you see him walking around, sitting, and so on, with a minimal sense of danger. As a result, too much flashbacks are placed on the problematic marriage of the parents as a source of tension. These scenes just stand in the way and do not contribute much to the story. Worse, occasionally Jared? his mud-covered face omits one or two primal screams, evoking unfortunate parallels to "Predator." Speaking of misfortune, we could have managed to spare the sight of his mullet, but it probably helped keep him warm at night. <br /> <br /> Another disappointment is Pamela Sue Martin in a totally ineffective performance as a mother. Both she and the father have little influence in the film. For example, we are never shown how to respond to news of Brian's disappearance, how to organize rescue efforts, and so on. This is just one of the sources of excitement the filmmakers would have explored, rather than spending so much time on events made before Brian before he embarked on his journey.
