Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the funniest women on Saturday Night Live. It is unfortunate that she, together with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, was with SNL during the longest idle writing and sketching (circa 2002-2006) the series ever had. Nevertheless, these two women know, above all, what is funny, and they know how to write a funny movie. <br /> <br /> You will find in the credits of this movie that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki made the story for "Spring Breakdown", but who wrote the actual script, consisting of dialogue and all the important blank that made up a story makes a multi-dimensional movie? Yes, only Shiraki. Only one man has written the dialogue for this film, and apparently no woman has written the script with him. The result is a pretty cliché Spring Break movie that does not spoil the wrong holiday so much as MTV exploits every year. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler and even co-star Parker Posey could have made their mark on the script, it would have been far less cliché. The premise is original, that there were about thirty women who were unpopular in high school (and apparently also in college) and never had the fun Spring Break trip they supposedly dreamed of. I say "supposedly" because you never know exactly what makes these characters fun. They have been involved in talent shows in the past, singing longstanding pro-women anthems like "True Colors" and spending their evenings together making pizza parties. Although none of them are particularly unattractive, the outside world seems to treat them as they are. There is a scene in which a blind pupil of Poehler (played by Will Arnett, the real husband of Poehler) interrogates her on a date just to touch her face and immediately change his mind. If the character of Poehler should be unattractive, they have obviously hired the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> The movie continues to be promising, even though we have doubts about the main characters, as Posey's boss Texas Senator 'Kay Bee' Hartmann (Jane Lynch, funny as ever) hires Posey to save her unpopular daughter in the College age (Amber Tamblyn, who's still playing a woman who's attractive in real life, but not in the eyes of any characters in this movie) goes to a Laguna Beach-like vacation spot for Spring Break. Poehler and Dratch come along, they're reluctant to be blown up, partying as they seem to have been in college, and then comes the ultimate showdown with Sophie Monk's female studs. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has a body that women and men would kill for a variety of reasons. Unfortunately, her film career begins with the loathsome listless "Date Movie" (2006) and the disappointing "Click" (2006). Here she plays a Southern Belle, though her voice sounds like she stole Delta Burke's voice box. She pounds a little too much and tries too hard to play a cheating bitch that looks like a caricature of spoiled college kids like the rest of the extras. <br /> <br /> "Spring Breakdown" was released directly on DVD despite the star power of Amy Poehler, but rightly so, because the story is far too clichéd. It could just as well have been called "National Lampoon's Spring Breakdown," and the magazine would probably have filed no lawsuit for trademark infringement for free advertising. If director Shiraki had given creative input to at least one woman, especially Rachel Dratch, this film would have been great and not nearly as common as the comedic comedies we've seen before. I know that Dratch has another weird concept and hopefully can fill out the rest of the script himself. She's weird enough and deserves more than this half-baked comedy that Stiffler's brother would accept with open arms.
