Six for the price of one! So it's a good time for Cinegoers. Is not It Here is not one, not two, but all the SIX love stories, an ensemble of Bollywood top stars and all the stories in the genre of your favorite top directors Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You will see every damned love story you've enjoyed or tolerated for years. So no big deal for you. Do you need more than that? No thanks. Why Lord? Enough is enough. Please spare us. They sign every top star they can sign, whether they are needed or not, and in the end they make a circus of stars, believe it or not. Too crowded Each thing pictured here is exactly as it is prescribed in the Bollywood textbook of romances. You also have to specify the length of each story as it has stars. That's why it's too long - three hours plus. The gags are cinematic. Characters are cinematic. Problems, barriers, situations, solution? Yes, you guessed it right. suitable for film and tested. Same hundreds of dancers dancing in the background in colorful costumes. Why do not you have any other work to do? All couples are sweet, fairytale, picture perfect. Everyone looks good. Every story begins perfectly and should therefore end in that impossible perfect way? To arbitrary. You can not connect to a single story. Here you have everything you have seen millions of times. Bloody fake, unreal, fleeting, abnormal stories that have been considered normal for more than a hundred years since the development of this Indian cinema. What a mockery of the feelings of today's audience? Yes, it could have been a parody if he had only loved yesterday's love stories, but even that is not explored. Director Nikhil Advani should have tried at least an offbeat, offbeat love story, but then what about the tradition of living up to the mark of the commercial Bollwood Potboiler Brigade? Oh! Someone has to go on, no. Imagine, the audience has trouble surviving such a love story, and here we have sixfold pain. I mean six damn stories. I mean, twice as much fun for Mohabbatein from Chopra (year 2000). We are now desperate to see some not so colorful people and not so bright stories. Oh, what did you just say - come on, that's entertainment. My advice, please do not waste your time reading such reviews. Instead, go to a little more entertainment! Many Thanks.
