Another big star, another glamor set, another renowned director, another movie full of songs that trumps the chartbillers, but unfortunately, at the end of the day, a story awaits that every moviegoer expects from such a big budget movie. So much hype was what lurked around the movie before the red carpet premiered. A hype that went so far that Anil Kapoor imagines that the movie will be one of the most beautiful love stories ever written by Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Well, Anilji, which movie did you speak of? Well, the plot of the movie is made up of 6 different couples and 12 different people who have a totally different attitude to life, but despite their different way of life they all have a common problem, that's LOVE. In fact a tempting topic. But we did not expect the movie to become so boring that it disappointed the final expectation that audiences expect from such a multi-starred movie. These are somehow movies that I totally hate, because after spending a hefty dollar on a multiplex ticket, I get locked up in the theater for 4 hours and just wait agonizingly for the climax. <br /> <br /> The trouble starts from the beginning. The director gets so confused with the storyline that he himself is stunned somewhere, sharing the time window for six different star casts. Some of the couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan (whoever the woman is) just do not make sense for the movie. Salman (who strangely calls himself rahul for the entire movie, well, something like Rahoooooool), tries to be extra cool with his Videsi-Hindi accent. Hey Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is getting married, get at least a few tips from Abhishek to improve your acting skills. A simple striptease would not make the movie a box office every time. And Anilji stops shaving your brand beard, or you look totally like a eunuch. And kissing a girl the age of her daughters looks just as cold as seeing Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please, Nikhilji, avoid inserting such superfluous scenes into a movie that is not needed for recording. <br /> <br /> The other major flaw in the movie was that there was no perfect synchronization between the stories of the different couples. Each story itself looks like it's taken from various stripes that have been put together into a sadistic conspiracy by Salaam-E-Ishq. Bollywood has yet to learn much from films like Snatch and Memento, where the director knows the perfect art of forming the various non-contiguous sequences into a perfect, composite storyline. Someone has predicted that the movie would not be good because the title of this film is the Number 28 results and 28 is considered in numerology as a bad number. However, I can assert that the movie will not fail because of its numerology flaws, but because of the countless mistakes that remain in the movie. And if a director like Nikhil Advani can make such big mistakes throughout the movie, any miracle would not have saved the film from the bombing in the Box Office. <br /> <br /> My suggestion for all you have is Please avoid watching this movie at any cost. It's not worth a cake to pay for the ticket. There are, in fact, better movies on theater screens that are worth seeing more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
