Who are these "you" - the actors? the filmmakers? Surely it could not be the audience - this is one of the most air-blown productions out there. It's a kind of movie that looks like it was a lot of fun to shoot? Too much fun, nobody really gets work, and that almost always makes a movie that is not fun. <br /> <br /> Ritter puts on glasses to bring home the status of his character as a sort of doppelganger of the bespectacled Bogdanovich; The scenes with the airy Mrs. Stratten are cute, but they have an awkward look, guys, I'm from the celebrity queen. Ben Gazzara brings his usual cat-fall rabbit grin to a futile attempt to improve the barren plan, resulting in him pursuing Audrey Hepburn with all the interest of a narcolepsist in an insomnia clinic. In the meantime, the children of the up-and-coming couple (Nepotism Warning: Bogdanovich's daughters) are spitting out cute and taking some rather disconcerting clues to "love" while watching their parents. (Ms. Hepburn gets out of her dignity and manages to get over the process - but she has the monumental challenge of seemingly playing herself.) Everyone looks great, but what? It's a movie, and we can expect so much, so if you're looking for it, it's better to get a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Oh, and the Colleen Camp must be mentioned annoying, as well as her singing, which is totally competent but unconvincing ... Country and western numbers do not match the standards on the soundtrack , This is certainly NOT what Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the title of the film is derived) thought; His stage musicals of the 1920s may have been a bit small, but at least they had a lot of charm. "They All Laughed" tries to surf with his good intentions, but nobody - at least Peter Bogdanovich - has the good sense to slow down the brakes. Not least because of the tragic death Dorothy Stratten, this film has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich - he even bought back from his producers, then distributed himself and bankrupt when he was not popular. His rise and fall is one of the more sympathetic and tragic stories of Hollywood, so it's no pleasure to criticize the film ... It really is an emotional investment in the scenes of Mrs. Stratten. But "Laughed" is a faint echo of "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What's Up, Doc" - after "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love" there was a thunderous confirmation of the phase from which PB never showed up. <br /> <br /> All in all, the film is harmless, just a waste of money. I want to see people talk well, I go to the park on a sunny day. For cinematic expressions of joy and love I stay with Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy ...
