The problems with Nikhil Advanis Salaam-e-Ishq are manifold. A one-line concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in a previous English movie - Love Actually) goes awry and awkward due to awkward and flat writing. A well-intentioned idea is torn to pieces under the weight of its own gigantic ambition. A director so obsessed with his own much-applauded first film goes overboard with the gadgets that worked in his earlier film (Kal Ho Na Ho). The problem is - what worked well in Kal Ho Na Ho was the emotional excesses of the Karan Johar film school, but "emotion" does not decorate us with his performance on screen - no, not even fleetingly. The author / director gives us "six relationships with a common problem - love", but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the "emotion"? A 'tribute to love' without emotions? And one that goes on and on and on ... No, it just can not work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for a Portmanteau film is that not every single story should be "complete"; it should - in some way - follow the diagram of the traditional three-act story. Structure (Screen Writing guru, Syd Field's Paradigm). That's the real reason why Salaam-e-Ishq did not work for me. None of the stories had a depth or rollercoaster ride with the emotional ups and downs expected in mainstream Hindi cinema. Even the connection between some stories seemed tentative and very forced. It is not clear what Salman Khan is doing at the wedding of Ayesha Takia. If he was present at the wedding scene to wrap up properly, why not summon some more coincidences and bring the other two couples to the wedding as well? That would be neater. <br /> <br /> But yes, some of the stories had promised a lot. For one thing, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla tries to tackle a very real situation - a mid-life crisis, but the journey is so linear that you wonder if it really was a problem. Similarly, the issue of involvement in the Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia story is also vital. If only it were a little better. I felt that the more promising stories in this mish-mash were told from a male point of view, which is fine, but reduces the emotional quotient of these stories because the female characters - especially Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia - all have the depth of a half-filled one Bathtub. Was not it that this movie was about "12 different lives"? Now the actors. John Abraham still has to learn acting while Vidya Balan is still reliable and lovable. Anil Kapoor gets a role written just for him, but sometimes he trumps the boredom of his character. Having no fleshy character to portray, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and natural acting style to cover her up. Akshaye Khanna is fine, although in a few scenes a little bit was exaggerated. Ayesha Takia is not very busy, but she reminds us that she is the same girl who surprised us with her bravura performance in Dor. Govinda tries to make up for this HUGE mistake called Bhagam Bhag, and that works well. <br /> <br /> This brings me the most irritating track of the movie (unforgiving the maximum screen time goes by) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The track is irritating mainly because of them. But I have to judge her for her consistency. They are consistently bad throughout the movie. Priyanka could be the next queen of the Hamming - I do not buy the crap that her role (that of an "item girl") forced her to look over the top. Someone should tell her the difference between Flamboyant because the character demands it and downright Hamming. If you saw Rakhi Sawant (who seems to be the inspiration for this role) and Bigg Boss, you know what I mean. I strongly believe that if Nikhil Advani had taken Rakhi Sawant in that role instead of a bigger star like Priyanka, the story would have worked better. Salman Khan's false accent is ..... Well, Shannon Esra's Hindi is less accentuated than Salman. <br/> <br/> To be fair to the director, he manages to add some good directing effects to the movie. I especially liked the use of gray as the predominant color in the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla as a metaphor for her boring existence and the bright colors that flow into the story when the other woman arrives. But will someone choose to paint his house in various depressing shades of gray? That's an acceptable movie license, I would say. But when the movie lasts almost four hours, it almost feels like the director is trying too hard to give the audience an idea of ​​his "touch" in an endlessly meandering montage of boring sequences. Maybe Nikhil Advani wants us to sit in the theater as long as humanly possible - Pata nahin, kal ho na ho.
