The concept of this TV horror movie is indescribable, but hey, it was the late 70s and literally all the stupid horror formats were damnably profitable. Why not use the idea of ​​a satanically obsessed dog? The action of "Devil Dog" is easy to describe for fans of the horror genre: Just think of "The Omen" and replace the newborn baby with a nest of German Shepard puppies! Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's what the movie is about! During the opening sequence, members of a satanic cult buy a female bitch, only to be impregnated by Satan himself. One might think that the Lord of Darkness has other things in mind than to get involved with a German Shepard and conquer a bad puppy, but apparently not. Just like little Damien in "The Omen", one of the puppies is picked up by the model family and grows up into a beautiful and charismatic animal. But happy? That's the name of the dog? is pure evil and annihilates annoying neighbors and curious schoolteachers in derivative and tenacious ways. He also adds his vicious character to his wife and children, but he can not force his father (Richard Crenna) to put his arm in a lawnmower because he is a "Chosen One." The whole thing becomes too crazy for words when Crenna finally travels to Ecuador to look for an ancient mural and seeks advice from an ancient witch doctor who speaks perfect English. I think he has learned that he lives his life in isolation on a mountain. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's wrong with Helen", "Ruby") and leading actors Richard Crenna ("Waiting for the Darkness", "Evil") is desperately trying to create an exciting and mysterious atmosphere, but all is in vain. Scenes like cute puppy eyes that spontaneously set a Spanish girl on fire, or a dog that dodges bullets without moving cause a chuckle instead of terror, and not even creepy musical tunes can risk it. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially towards the end, when the Satan dog mutates into a completely cheesy shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really stupid movie, but it's definitely hilarious to have a late night meal with some friends and lots of booze. There are entertaining short cameos by Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as a frightening cult queen and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as a bad fruit, vegetable and puppy seller. And yes, this annoying daughter is the same kid complaining about her ice in Carpner's "Assault on Precinct 13".
