As expected, a Mazursky movie from the '70s would be a counterculture, sympathetic to the hippies - and many hippies - and of course childlike anti-authoritarian (such as the scene on the Mexicans) border when Sutherland provokes a customs officer shows little respect and then accuses him of making him open his luggage only because he (Sutherland) has long hair). The constant left dribble would have been able to get on my nerves if I had not been prepared beforehand; Sutherland tells his family and friends aloud about possible movie ideas for his next film, and most of these ideas are about either blacks or Indians (of course he would be welcomed in today's Hollywood with open arms). One of his film ideas is about a black uprising in Beverly Hills - a race war, so to speak in the middle of LA. This is the kind of nonsense Mazursky thinks about when writing scripts for his films. Fortunately, some of Sutherland's hippie friends make fun of this premise of the black revolution, and the resulting dialogue is not bad. A little later, the Jew makes a noise about how Sutherland is shooting a movie about "masturbation and the black problem" when talking about masturbation. Another funny moment is when Sutherland's older daughter plays a PC junk with her white schoolmates on stage and everyone says, "We, the blacks of the Republic of South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> When Hollywood shoots a movie about Hollywood, there's always a degree of self-fulfillment - especially when Hollywood shoots a movie about Hollywood, in which Hollywood films about movies. Well, that's very, very selfish. However, the scene with Fellini (he plays himself) is more amusing than annoying. Mazursky throws in the usual flower children and anti-Vietnamese bullshit and is also fun in corporate Hollywood, but he was also part of "False Hollywood" (lyrics from this song in the Surreal War) segment like any other; I'm pretty sure he's faking in small talk conversations at Beverly Hills parties, and he's grinning falsely as he shakes hands with people he either does not know or likes, but he desperately wants the money for his next one (left wing ) ) Project. As for his hair, he has the worst hair I've seen in a long time (in film or elsewhere); It's a kind of long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have if he grew up long. The film remains relatively interesting despite its aimlessness, but in the last third it gets a bit boring. If you would like to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), email me.
