"Baptists at Our Barbecue" is the best movie ever made. Now that I have caught your attention with this dreadfully inaccurate statement that should be hanging in the case of a conversation, let me first give a brief overview of this offensive, offensive, overbearing, and boring junk. I think you could consider a movie. First of all, this stinker's low budget is completely obvious, based on the very bad and inexperienced direction of Christian Vuissa and the cheesy, all-preaching, vain, and gestured script by F. Mathew Smith. I really despise the fact that this sends out a very pro-Mormon and a kind of anti-every other religious message. Yes, the story is about a small town half full of Mormons and half full of Baptists. It shows that all the main characters and role models are Mormons and are so nice and perfect, but they are taken up by the evil, engaging and very valuable Baptists. It shows how beautiful Mormons are and how cold-hearted and ignorant Baptists, instead of showing a little solidarity, would be appropriate and realistic. I'm not part of a religion (I'm actually an atheist), but that offended me along with a myriad of Baptists, most likely. It shows that for the Mormons, the Baptists are very unopened and unwelcoming, and that the Mormons are very acceptable, even though there is actually a mutual dislike / aversion between them. I'm sorry, I did not want to go on a whim. <br /> <br /> Another aspect of 'Baptists at Our Barbecue' that I did not particularly care about was acting. The performances are very amateurish and unnatural, especially by the female lead Heather Beers. Miss Beers stumbles through her part with no passion or feel for her role and I was not very impressed with Dan Merkley, who is the main character in this dull movie, or shows more talent in this movie than Heather Beers. Who played the sheriff of the city, was also terrible. Although there may be a tiny laugh in the movie, it's full of stereotypes. For example, the protagonist Tartan (Merkley) finds solace in a Native American woman who always gives him the best advice on a tribal lifestyle - how cliché is that? To make the situation even more miserable, Tartan buys a puppy dog ​​to the poor, lonely pagan. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay as far away as possible from "Baptists at Our Barbecue". I saw it on the shelf and thought it was a sweet and interesting little indie about religion. All I got was a piece of crap. Note: D- <br /> <br /> my rating help - A + (absolutely flawless); A (a masterpiece, almost perfect); A- (excellent); B + (great); B (very good); B- (good); C + (a mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutely horrible); F (not a single quality effect in this piece of Hollywood feces).
