With a killer combination of terrible writing, terrible drama and terrible directing, it's a question of whether Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects is offensive bad or just weird bad. It's almost as if someone had organized a contest to make the sloppiest and juiciest Cannon movie. As if looking at a cast list of characters like "Lesbian Pedophile", "Perverted Gentleman", "porn actress" would not be enough, this is your only chance to throw Charles Bronson's policeman a life on a bed and get a dildo snap - But do not worry, it's okay, because the screams in the off make it clear that he only tortured him for information. After all, even if he is a little overprotective of his Catholic daughter, he is a nice Catholic policeman who regularly brings the Catholic pastor William O'Connell and believes in poetic justice - or at least ensures that the bad guys come to an end with The hottest prisoners can be given maximum security in prison to give them a taste of their own medicine. But then you get it when you tell him, "Look, I think you're a bit unstable." If he offers a bribe later, he might growl: "I'd like to shit that in the ass, but I do not want to get my hands dirty," he clearly learned where to draw the line. Instead, he just makes a 25,000-dollar clock and lights his Cadillac. The anal obsession continues even as far as the film's title: despite the poster featuring a naked Japanese girl in a porno film set, the filmmaker is the only direct example of Kinjite / forbidden topics, such as Alex Hyde's English teacher White explains to a group of Japanese business people. Bronson is not too old for that, because the opening fight just makes it too obvious, he's too old to care about love, Peggy Lipton and she looks old enough to have grown-up kids. A better actor than he ever got when he got the right material. Here he has less thoughtful character than a series of outrageous reactionary quirks. If he does not dilate the suspects' circles, he accidentally drops them from the sides of the buildings. He is definitely not P.C. Copper, with a particular loathing for the Japanese - as if it were not bad enough to buy up American companies, which is even worse, they park on a public thoroughfare! No racial minority is attacked, be it a black pimp or a Pakistani hotel clerk, no police cliché unrecycled, a boss banging his fist on the table or a dead meat partner (Perry Lopez and his spectacularly poor hair dye he deserves has) screen billing all by itself). The Twin Strands - Bronson's L.A. Policeman Trying to Pimp Juan Hernandez, who deals with underage girls, and James Pax's porn-obsessed Japanese businessman ?? It takes forever to intertwine, and then in the most unlikely of ways: After Bronson's daughter was felt in a bus ("An Oriental guy touched my holy of holies!"), Pax finds his own daughter kidnapped by Hernandez in his notion of poetic justice One halfway expects the writer to stick his head around the corner of the screen and say, "How do you like apples?" <br /> <br /> Somewhere among all the laziness lies the germ of a good idea, even though It's too mushy to always be clear about what that idea really is, but the execution is pure Rising Sun: The Archie Bunker version recorded as an out-take from a music video from the 80s with an incredible and rather lazy dockside shoot. A finale in which a small army of machine-tech buddies suddenly suddenly increases the number of unnecessary body counts. The last of Bronson's most evil in various collaborations with J. Lee Thompson? and unfortunately, Thompson's last film as a director is a bad sign for two undervalued players who have turned out to be less and less the distinctive character of what images they had agreed to.
