Blood Legacy begins with the arrival of lawyer Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) on the estate of former deceased Christopher Dean (John Carradine). Upon his arrival, Mr. Dean's four children, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) & are greeted. his wife Laura (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) and Leslie (Brooke Mills) and their type Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake plays a cassette with her father's wishes after his death. The estate, worth $ 136 million, is divided equally among his four children. If one were to die, the money would be split equally between the others. The freaky servants Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartalian) and the more banally named Frank (John Russell) would die. Well, with a quarter of $ 136 million (that's still nearly $ 35 million in 1971, which does not seem too bad to me), not satisfied. Someone decides he wants everything for himself and it does not take long for beheaded heads to find the fridge ... <br /> <br /> Roy Monson's co-author, producer and director Blood Legacy disappointed me two accounts. To start with, the alternate title of this movie is "Legacy of Blood". This is also the title of an obscure horror film by Andy Milliagn from the year '78, which I always wanted to see. Both movies are mixed together on a regular basis Similar stories & when I looked at my cable television program guide Legacy of Blood, I was upset because it was the Milligan movie and was even listed as a director. Then, as I sat down to look at him, I heard John Carradine's voice and myself. Then I knew it was not the Milligan movie I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then, of course, there's the simple, but undeniable fact that Blood Legacy is a total crap that can sometimes be painful to look at. The script by Monson & Eric Norden is slow, boring and extremely predictable. The characters are absolutely bizarre in an annoying way, the freak of a servant asking his sister (?) To beat him, the strange siblings of Brother's & Sisters who are downright unlikely and so far removed from reality that tensions or puzzles that are The simplistic Whodunit story could be painfully missing and then there is the terrible end that you can guess within the first 10 minutes. It's boring to see it went bad and it's just a job to think about it. Please, someone will save me, because that's really bad stuff. I could talk all day about how bad Blood Legacy is, I really could. <br /> <br/> Director Monson was either working on a non-existent budget or he said he should not even have been driving traffic. The whole movie looks ugly, is poorly photographed and there is no atmosphere or fear. The blood and blood are tame, there is an ax in a head, a decapitated head, a scene where someone is stung by wasps and the best murder to death if one's face is eaten by piranha. However, there are question marks in this scene, so there is the victim, right. There's the tank with piranha, right. The victim's head is in a piranha tank, on the right. Pirahna eat victims, right. Water stays crystal clear even though the victim has eaten his face, um, where is the blood? Technically, Blood Legacy is terrible, it looks awful, the sound was obviously made live and it's muffled and hard to hear. The dreadful dialogue may be a blessing in disguise. Acting would not win anyone who is sure. The few say the better. <br /> <br /> Blood Legacy is a terrible movie, there is really no positive aspect, or if I can not think of anything. Do yourself a favor and do not bother, there are much better movies.
