I have been a fan of everything that Bill Maher has been for 15 years, but this movie was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course, I am a Catholic, I come from a well-educated family and go to church of my own volition, which probably brings me to some conclusion with Bill. Bill's problem is that he assumes that religion is consistently negative. It is right to document the sociological aspects of it, that is, a faith builds its holidays on each other and that many wars because of religion (or more precisely by the eerie appeals of the people to the final and indisputable authority of God) have begun. but that says he never looks to his positive side. Honestly, I think that hell would freeze before Bill ever humbled himself and travel to the slums of Calcutta, where Mother Theresa spent her life working with the poorest of the poor. Of course, she is dead now, but he could easily visit the Jesuit priest in East LA, who runs Homeboy Industries. He works with young men, who usually consist of a gang and a prison, to teach them how to move, remove their tattoos and become responsible members, or visit the USC Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies, which is home to some of the best theologians World diplomats and investment bankers have come together to study how the world's poorest countries can be ethically integrated into global capital markets and how the standard can be improved for half the world's population living on less than a dollar a day. Of course, he will not do that because he has to consider evidence that does not easily fit into his preconceived beliefs about religion, and it's so much easier to continue making superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> This fits in with Bill's other big problem, that is, he never submits to anyone, neither on his level nor on the one who is better than him. In this movie, you have Maher, the Cornell graduate who spends most of her time talking to truck drivers at a non-denominational Christian truck stop service, in a nightclub with a Dutchman smoking pot all the time the minister of a storefront church in Miami, who claims to be the reincarnation of Christ, and an actor who plays Jesus in a "Holy Land" theme park. <br /> <br /> What you will not see in Bill's film, apart from a cursory speculation next to In Grand Central Station, is that religion chemically changes the brain like drugs and that religion is the fallacy of the mass-hungry tradition any kind of serious and questioning interviews with philosophy and theology professors from schools like Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College that could easily rhetorically behead him in a debate on the subject. You will not be discussing seriously any of the writings of C.S. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton or papal encyclicals, and of course you will not find any discussion about any of the non-Abrahamic beliefs (Judaism, Christianity and Islam). All you get at the end of the day is a textbook example of a condescending snobby elite from the west side of LA making a movie for his own kind who has absolutely no deep understanding of how the other half of America's The Elected George W. Bush lives (twice) his life or his thoughts. <br /> <br /> I get a lot from what Bill says, but for someone who has his mind and influence, this movie was nothing short of pathetic. Anyone interested in the kind of intellectual fermentation that indie documentary films usually bring might find more incentive in an old teletubbie retake.
