I rented it shortly after renting Ben Stein's "Excluded" and thought it would be interesting to compare it. Before I go further, it seems only fair that I point out the following, so that the reader can see if I am biased or not. I try to be objective, for the record. <br /> <br /> I sometimes like Maher's HBO show, though I rarely think he's the source of humor. I do not really like him getting up either. But he occasionally does some good points on the show, and I liked Politically Incorrect, although he was still fairly politically correct (which I find negative because the term Orwellian sounds at least fascist). As far as my religious views are concerned, for the sake of simplicity, I say that I am a non-denomination. Christian with some views that are objectivist and some agnostics that are mixed together. <br /> <br /> However, this is a bad "documentation" for reasons that many reviewers have not mentioned yet. The ones mentioned are also valid. The reason why it is unconvincing is not just because he argues the main point without others speaking (and his point does not point to anything logical, it's just "come on, really?") Which is not a point but only a question. Try David Hume if you want a decent argument.). The reason why this is not convincing is its lack of experts on the subject. I saw this about two months ago and remember only how he spoke to a person whose testimonies were mentioned as a specialist if he was not a clergyman. There are probably hundreds of scientists, or at least professors with a Master's or Doctorate, who are ready to do some verbal sparring, especially in the fields of history, anthropology, or a variety of others. <br /> <br /> Comparing Ben Stein's "Excluded: No Intelligence Allowed", he finds that Stein interviews about 30 highly qualified professors, professionals, clergy, and so forth. He does this with a variety of sources with different backgrounds. He also makes a point in his film regarding freedom of thought and education. Maher had easily pointed for centuries to grievances committed by theocratic rules or to persecutions. Instead, he idiotically points to the secular totalitarian regimes of the twentieth century as evidence of why secularism needs more social-political power !!!! (It's in the bonus features where he stands in front of the Anne Frank House, I think.) This is a real Orwellian head trip. He accuses Christianity in particular of many pointless deaths - which had their share, albeit much smaller than most !! - without even containing a basic view of the evidence. Perhaps this is because this argument is eclipsed by the miserable record of the twentieth century by secular humanism alone. Another blatant weakness is his unwillingness to talk to someone who is considered a moderate or "average" practitioner. He selects the weakest gazelles of the herd. How heavy is this? How does proof of the existence of exceptions move to refute the general rule? It does not. Wow, so people in cults think outside the norm? How instructive to know that. Great job, Maher! Again, it would be pretty easy to interview somebody like Laurence Vance and use his work to refute the idea of ​​the "patriotic duty" that a person demands in every war that his country is involved in. He simply is not funny here. Some of the clips superimposed "smartly" out of context / in a disrespectful way can make one laugh, but most of the time they show how a real Maher contextual argument is NOT achieved, let alone persuasive. He spends most of his time beating up Christians, making inaccuracies, and interviewing fringe groups that do not allow him to really answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For the record, there are good questions that are honestly asked by religious people and many should ask them about themselves. He touches almost none of it. I feel like I've been able to respond to most of his questions much better than the people he interviewed, but the whole thing stinks after piling decks of what's inside and what's been cut out.
