As with any movie genre, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you had asked me to name a good gangster movie, I would have dozens to choose from. If you've asked me to call you a bad gangster movie, it's probably the first one that came to my mind, one that still has some kind of disappointment since I saw the movie for the first time, and I promise you : the last time. This film is "The General" and is unrelated to the eponymous silent film of 1926. This is a very dry, very slow gangster epic that raises questions not to the story (it's more than easy to follow), but why the filmmakers themselves have opted for this rather weak endeavor. <br /> <br /> Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007)? Two superior mob films? "The General" is based on real people and true events. The film revolves around an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson), who started out as a teenager with his long chain of crimes stealing food and then robbing museums and houses as an adult. Meanwhile, the police, headed by an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight), desperately and energetically try to prove only one of his crimes and convict (or kill) him. <br /> <br /> Maybe because it's a movie in the same category As the wonderful "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two "Godfather" movies, I expected too much from "The General". But that may be too easy. This would have been a bad movie if I had not seen the aforementioned masterpieces before I was inundated with boredom in this Oater and the too-long running time of the screaming bad scenes. Let's start with the film by looking only at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, director John Boorman and cameraman Seamus Deasy have shot this film in black and white, while his style and presentation are clearly the elements that make up a full-fledged color film. Now I have nothing against b / w pictures, not even in this day and age. "Schindler's List" (1993) was shot at over ninety percent in black and white and is a masterpiece. "The General", made only five years after "Schindler's List", is not. The cinematography is also too littered with high luminous keys, which are very distracting and give the film a very video game quality, which I just found annoying. The filmmakers have obviously opted for a documentary style of a realist, such as "Schindler's List," but they fail by making it too much of a documentary and at the same time a classic movie. The achievements in the film range from passable to bad. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight were enthusiastic about their roles, but it sometimes seemed like they were getting a bit shabby from the terrible script they quoted. The sound design is also very primitive, probably in an attempt to give it a 40-year crime noir appeal, but it also fails because it has again become too much of a contemporary image and seems very out of place. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that happens is that there is not a single character in the film for whom I felt feelings or opinions. In fact, for every moment in every scene, the only thought that went through my mind was, "okay, so what?" Moments that are shocking or horrifying in a better movie are boring and time consuming. I did not like or hate the Brendan Gleeson character because the Cahill character is just flat and boring. Gleeson plays only the common criminal and does not strike out with the effects that the real Martin Cahill obviously had. When a character is killed (as always in gangster movies), we feel nothing. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. We just say "so what?" And that's all I did during the whole life of this very thin, very bad detective story.
