Do not get me wrong now. If you need a revealing summary of everything that was wrong in the history of human civilization, as well as an impeccable path to a brighter future for humanity, whom can you turn to better than a comedian and pop culture practitioner? If you need a healthy dose of all the solid, healthy reasons why religion has survived its usefulness, then contact Sagan or Dawkins and not BILL MAHER, for God's sake! That's a good point in and of itself. Maher rejects our religious past as a neurological disorder that conveniently ignores how its entire society, art and science are rooted in it. In this film he relies heavily on his astute ability of irony and cynicism to show his point as he tries to appear learned and wise. Unfortunately his mind is not up to the task. <br /> <br /> Maher makes us laugh but is clearly not the brightest bulb in the box. As an example, he responds to the answer of an interviewee (and I use the term loosely, since it was clearly "Ambushees") that the existence of Jesus is a historical fact, with a dead "no," followed by a long look To convey contempt for the naivety of the subject (a device which is badly overused in this film). The problem is that the person was right and Maher was wrong in his claim that Jesus is only mentioned in what he considers to be historically suspect gospels. I think Mr. Maher never read the contemporary historian Josephus. <br /> <br /> But the masses flock to this pseudo-documentation as they do the fictional works of other intellectual giants like Michael Moore and scream and laugh loudly (they certainly did on my performance). <br /> <br /> However, it is doubly accurate to say that the loudest and most mule-like shouting took place during the approximately 70% of the movie's runtime, anti-Christian tirade, while the audience during the 10-percent Brand was completely dumb to criticize the self-described religion of peace. Hmmm. Either the criticism of Islam for the hip and liberal target group is forbidden, or they were only afraid to laugh. Very revealing, either way ..
