John Boorman's The General of 1998 was hailed as a big comeback, though it's barely visible because of the film's evidence. One of three films filmed this year about the famous Northern Irish criminal Martin Cahill (alongside Ordinary Crent Criminal and Vicious Circles) has a wealth of incidents and style (the film was shot in color, but in some areas in black and white). White Scope), but has absolutely no effect and goes on forever. With a protagonist threatening witnesses, car bomb doctors, a hundred people are doing their jobs, trying to buy the sexually abused daughter of one of her gangs to free herself from prison and nail one of her own to a snooker table Still is one Popular Legend An attractive personality for his wife, not only to approve, but to propose a trio with her sister, she needs a charismatic central performance to sell the character and the movie. It does not understand. Instead, with Brendan Gleeson's worst and most uninteresting performance, it's cumbersome: he delivers his lines and is in the right place, but there is nothing that suggests either a local hero or the inner workings of a complex character. On the positive side, this does not help to shame a figure that is nothing more than a selfish thug, but it is at odds with a script that seems to expect us to love him and his antics. <br /> <br /> There is a small section that arouses interest when the IRA incites a local hate campaign against the "General" and his men and calls them "anti-social" drug dealers just because Cahill robs him of a robbery But his temporary solution is so vaguely recorded - something to do with Cahill putting on a balaclava and joining the demonstrators we expect to be lovingly rude - just tossing them away. Things are more successful in the last third as the pressure increases and his army falls apart, but then it's too late to really care. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy and the magnificent Angeline Ball perform well in the admiration of supporting roles, but Jon Voight's Hammam Garda Beat Cop seems to be more for the American sales than for the moral balance Total Dropouts. Come back, Zardoz, everything is forgiven.
