Some funny pieces, but come on Bill! A film? Quote Zeitgeist? Keep the TV show and the interviews, but a movie? I'm probably overreacting, but what an unnecessary provocative movie ... I do not know. I laughed, did not agree and agreed ... this movie is very confusing and inconsistent. <br /> <br /> Bill is a funny guy ... but also very naughty ... Bill's rhetoric is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian. But like many comedians, the line between comedy and preaching can be annoying. I think the main problem in this movie is its lack of sensitivity. This may only be a personal taste, but a comedy that constantly humiliates someone can not be considered truthful. Bill obviously reacts emotionally to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism is not sensible, but the response to it can not be reasonable. It will create unnecessary disturbances. We can do better than just react to fundamentalism. His conclusion is, "We do not know," and he insistently tries to convince the viewer that no one knows anything, to the point that the agnostic community has dealt with his lack of serious research in comparative religion. His humility, that he only knows that he does not know it, is a contradiction, because he insists that any religious thinking has no meaning. <br /> <br /> I had great difficulty seeing Zeitgeist, the movie in Bill's movie, movie. All non-senses influenced by astrotheology, which simplify all religions, are simply disappointing. Zeitgeist has provoked a lot of controversy and confused the validity of so many valuable scholarship scholarships. It is very sad how wrong facts were carried around without reliable scientific sources. Astro-mystical sources that reduce everything to "the stars say everything" seem to date from the Middle Ages. This movie is a confusing statement from a confused "agnostic". Agnosticism is far more complex and philosophically more academic than the defense of each topic as "we do not know". <br /> <br /> This film is an obvious proof of how postmodernism has been able to simplify important topics in humans and generalize history. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie (he has funny interviews and bits), but PLEASE do not be like Bill. You can not expect someone to have a mature conversation by making sardonic comments on every other line. His reasoning techniques are humiliating and insulting, provoking emotional responses rather than rational and logical reasoning. There has to be a more mature way to deal with these issues.
