I've been through a collection of Lugosi films lately and a few days ago I was blown away by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in The Black Cat. I was very much looking forward to their cooperation "The Raven." Unfortunately, it just did not work for me, and at the end of the movie, I was pretty disappointed. <br /> <br /> For the first three quarters of this movie, I thought the story really lacked excitement. Lugosi did a pretty good job of describing things as the crazy Dr. Vollins, a sort of surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (Irene Ware) whom he treats after a car accident but who she can not have. partly because she is already engaged, partly because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) rejects this. To deal with this situation, he asks Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff) for help - a terribly ugly man who wants Vollins to make him seem more acceptable. Apart from Lugosis appearance, I found little to keep my interest. Then, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the movie is suddenly completely shifted. Suddenly it gets pretty exciting, but I thought Lugosis performance collapsed, mainly because the movie was trying to shift it from crazy to insane - and there's a difference. He plays the "crazy" role very well controlled and controlled, but evil. "Insane" is a rather out-of-control evil, and I do not think Lugosi did well. Once he laughs a manic laugh, which acts as a forgery. In the meantime, Karloff was a big disappointment. He did not grab me at all. Apart from that, Lugosi must have guessed that Karloff would get the top score in films he plays in, although in "The Raven" clearly Lugosi is the main actor. This certainly gives an indication of how Universal has classified their two big horror stars - inexplicably, I would add, as I have always considered Lugosi the better actor of the two. Definitely There is no real connection to Edgar Allen Poe's story "The Raven" - except that Vollins is a Poe fanatic trying to recreate some of the torture techniques from Poe's stories. Overall, a disappointment. 10.4.
