Former commentator Steve Richmond noted that A Walk On The Moon is "not worth your 7 dollars" in his words. In the end, I've paid a bit more to import one of the worst DVDs I've ever seen, from that movie or any other movie out there. Even if you ignore the fact that the DVD clearly comes from an interlaced master and is just moving, the film has no redeeming qualities (except for Anna's presence) to make a Blu-ray transfer of the highest quality worthwhile do. Not that this is a mistake of the other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen score points in relation to Anna Paquin's table. Far more so than Holly Hunter or Sam Neill, despite a lousy screenplay. Director Tony Goldwyn's biography is not fancy, but Pamela Gray's biography includes Wes Craven's most dramatic out-of-the-box trips outside the horror or slasher genre, so you might think this is a case of bad direction. <br /> <br /> As I've already suggested, the only reason I've seen this movie is Anna Paquin. In her acting debut she literally acted as a veteran of the industry with at least twelve years experience over her under the table. While she's not that far ahead of her castmates, her performance as a girl begins the play as a goulel and grows into a woman whose world collapses around her, showing that her Oscar was no coincidence. For some time now, I have told friends that she would be the best choice to portray the heroine of my second full novel, and a dialogue shown for seventy-three minutes in this film is another demonstration of the reason. This woman could literally paint the wall. Anna aside, only Liev Schreiber comes close to the audience almost sympathy. Sure, his character spends the vast majority of the movie neglecting a woman with an existential crisis, but he plays the angry reaction of a man who feels brilliantly beaten. I should know, even if it is not the same circumstances. <br/> <br/> Viggo Mortensen also deserves recognition for his portrayal of a traveling salesman, though perhaps not to the same extent. In a sense, he is the villain of the play, but he successfully gives the character a third dimension. Yes, even if the whole thing explodes, his actions are inferior, but not many men would behave differently in his situation. Nobody wants to be the other man in this kind of mess, so Viggo deserves a lot of credit for trying. Unfortunately, these are participants in a story about a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant marriage. Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the archetype Mills And Boon of women are the only ones who let life pass, just does not exist. Either the writer Pamela Gray or the director Tony Goldwyn said they could easily integrate this line into the movie without thinking about how the audience could get it. Anna can even express the opinion of the audience when she asks Diane whom to teach about responsibilities. <br /> <br /> That said, the movie has a lot to offer besides Anna. Mason Daring's original music, though by no means outstanding, gives the film a sense of being keyed into the imaged time, which helps where the other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right in pointing out that although Liev is a great actor, placing him next to Viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between her marriage and her fantasy is a big mistake. He is also very right when the movie spins over scenes of Lane and Mortensen, who are under a waterfall or under a waterfall, he loses focus because he is a story of transgression and becomes a soft porn. The film seems rather confused about the position of its story. No matter how many times I look at Liev's scenes again, I can not help but feel that he has been shortened in the direction or on average. You do not have to make your leads pretty or pretty, but taking steps to make them the most interesting or sophisticated characters in the play would have come a long way. <br /> <br /> Ebert also hits the nail on the head when he says that every time he saw Anna on the screen, he believed that her character was where the real story was. Stories about the woman who feels neglected and falls into the arms of a man who seems interesting or even dangerous are a dozen, and to such an extent that even the story is set in parallel with an event that is so eroding how the moon landing does not help. Although she feels outraged by the way her character's story is presented, Anna might as well walk around with a neon sign over her head and ask the audience if they would prefer to do it with their eyes see. I am all too aware that it is difficult to control exactly which character your audience will find most interesting in your cast. But it's as if he did not try to try Lane and Scribe. Fans of these two would be well advised to look elsewhere. I hope that my eyelashes on the respective ideas will now give an idea of ​​where the whole thing went wrong. <br /> <br /> I gave A Walk On The Moon three out of ten. Anna Paquin earns a bonus point with one of her best achievements (and that says something).
