Written by one woman and directed by another. Whoppie Is there a feminist ride or what? Buckle up, ladies, for we are on the verge of entering a world of evil men and innocent, well-intentioned women. In this gathering, Trish encounters a man in the employment agency who behaves, looks and dresses like a pimp (!) And gives her a job with the hope of being able to nail her some time later. He even touches her chin in his office, the way a height-human in a Bond movie would touch a girl soon after capturing her and shortly before he wants to kill her next to Bond. Some time later, the pimp / type of employment pursues Trish in a women's changing room, harassing her and even advocating raping her. Oh, those bad, bad men. They are all bad, you do not know. You can not even look for a job today without being raped, ladies right? Well, we show you! There's a sort of divorced women's club or something in this movie, led by Janet Leigh, who speaks for all the women involved in the movie when she says "men are all". She moans about how terrible men are; She was divorced five times. Well, seriously: Any woman who marries twenty times and then uses this statistic as an argument that men are all "bad" must someday have realized that the explanation might lie elsewhere, right? It must come to mind that: a) she is a bad judge of the masculine character, or - much more likely - b) she is the one with whom it is impossible to live with her - her former husbands were probably the victims or if they were actually a ** holes, then she has probably got what she deserves. (Do not Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor show this point?) Show me a sympathetic woman who has married many times, and I'll show you how to reach the planet Mars with only skates and a ladder. ) Trish eventually meets a computer guy who puts confidence in men again - but keep your horses. This guy turns out to be married, which is why he proves WITHOUT any doubt that men are actually all "bad". Of course, it would not be for a friendly old vegetable vendor around the corner who loves his wife, even though she is still dead - a proof that all men are "bad" except for friendly old men whose penises do not work and can " ". They are not getting anything anyway ", so they are forced to give up the life of a Holokolism and finally give the women the respect they deserve, even the supportive male characters are all" bad. "The black man in the Employment Agency is rude , and the man in the morgue is rude, impolite - and insensitive (the bastard, * sob * ... * sniffing *?) And what about that stupid, stupid ending ... minutes before court time Trish claims money of her husband and realizes that she is now "free" and can finally make the leap into the swimming pool ... What is it all? Their jump into the pool is then very predictable, as the credits begin to play while the Fun-loving I-Need-Need-Revenge-My-Man-Money-Music Begins. Her Girlfriends They are shocked by their renouncing their demands for money, but they do not stay shocked and start jokingly about each other, w That's going to be a heart attack that Trish's lawyer will get when he finds out about it. The Shyster lawyer is of course a man. A bad, bad, terrible "bad" man whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these men; all that is important to them is money; They do not know about the higher values ​​in life - like shopping. I am glad that we have such films; They bring the sexes closer, but most of all, they teach girls and young women that men are all horny and selfish, chasing after rock hunts that will plunge you into a world of poverty and misery when they get the first chance. So, girl, open your mouth and stick your tongue in your girlfriend's mouth. Lesbian power!
