Recently I had the opportunity to see a working pressure of this title in Kansas City (Olathe, KS). It's hard for me to be a lover of the arts as I am to report the following, but the truth hurts sometimes and quite frankly after I sit through this threesome (here I use the slang definition - worthless Statements or letters.)) For one and a half hours I feel obliged to inform interested parties (WARN). Let's start at the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes are not really that bad, a few laughs and a decent development, but from there it goes downhill. This is the story of a woman in her mid-thirties who (as the writer wants you to believe) is dissatisfied and unfulfilled with her life. The first major difficulty arises when you do not know the fact that you are introducing the film, you will not know it if it suddenly risks everything because, in my opinion, it represents a very unkempt and improbable curse with a local seller , There is little development (drastically inadequate development) to justify their actions for the matter, and when it does, one feels, like me, that it has a low moral character. The word "slut" comes to my mind, hopefully they will pass the review and post the comment. This is the first fatal flaw of the movie, in my opinion. If you are married or have ever been in love, whether you are male or female, it will deter you. Honestly, I feel like it has done a much better "blue movie" - in my opinion that's the script that I think deserves. The second weak point is the casting. Diane Lane just did not work for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right man for the job, believe me. The only saving grace for the entire film is Anna Paquin, the depth of her fine actress abilities radiating in places, conveying a subtle but very dull (I apologize for the dichotomy, but she is exactly) portrayal of a rising teenager. Bravo, well done. I will not reveal the end, but I was disappointed to be billed as a piece of life romance is one thing ... but an end like that ... well, if that had annoyed you enough to see that picture Do not say I did not warn you, but you should look better. When this celluloid is released, I doubt it takes four weeks before it goes up in flames. I would say, wait for the video, but the free sex education tapes in most video stores offer more entertainment value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman produced that, you think he's going to learn Ishtar. This film once bore the working title "Blouse Man" and should have stopped on the shelf. If you have never wanted to leave a movie in your life, give this one 35-40 minutes. The only thing worth a stay is Anna Paquin. If you can take the trouble that you think your thoughts are floating or not, you have taken the garbage away from your home before leaving. In that case, you should probably have come first if you go to the movies to see it. These are my two cents, for what it's worth.
