First a small summary. This reporter, Torch, is basically trying to get the story of a zombie outbreak and finds out that the military and government are censoring him. Nice message, government censorship and all that, but the way you did the movie, let me explain. <br /> <br /> This film can not be described. The notion that someone rates them higher than anything George Romero has to offer is a justification that allows the reviewer to engage in a psychiatric institution. The script is inherently awful, as written by a sixth student. As for special effects, I understand that independent films have a low budget and some gore effects were acceptable. However, if you want a scene with fire, here is a tip: Buy non-combustible material, have a fire extinguisher ready and make a fire! Do not add it digitally and make it look like an explosion of a Nintendo 64 game. Acting, let's say it like this. In my summer theater program, a cold reading of the script is compared to The Godfather. I will not even go into the inconsistencies. Find it yourself. <br /> <br /> What bothered me the most was when, after shooting and editing, everything was done, someone could have said, "Okay, that looks good. Let it go." It scares me to even think that someone feels it's good enough for the DVD release. This is not a DVD quality. This is not sci-fi channel quality. Hell, that's not even the quality of a film school. If you were to submit this for a project at a film school, you would receive an F. No, not even an F, more like an F-. I would not be surprised if he tried to throw you out of the house. <br /> <br /> After seeing this thing, I felt needed. Blockbuster and the creators of this movie now have my money, and I'd rather not think what they do with it. I was the plaything of a sophisticated, nefarious plan of legalized theft, and it does not feel good to believe that I ran right in and looked at the back with fond memories of 28 Days Later, just to find a movie Ed Wood He watched and said, "I did not really care." This movie is the scariest movie I have ever seen. I have not seen anything from Ed Wood, but I am confident that this is worse. If you are looking for serious cinema, even if you are within three meters, you will probably have a bad headache. If not, I still recommend writing to the director personally and asking how he sleeps at night. However, if you are the type of person who makes really bad stuff laugh, then I recommend you check this. You will not be disappointed.
