As you may have learned from the title, I believe that this movie is the worst zombie movie of all time. Acting, camerawork, writing, special effects, and everything else related to this movie was bad. People have argued that while this movie is terribly played and terribly produced, it does come up with a witty smart script. Impressive. The plot has more holes than I or anyone else could count. Why should the government be the first to tell everyone to work again if it is not safe? I know that the government is supposed to be evil, but they do not gain anything if they kill the entire population of the country. There would be nobody who could rule! Another thing I was wondering about, even if the government ordered everyone to go to work, why would people leave when the streets were flooded with zombies? Would the zombies hide in the bushes and invade the unsuspecting people to help the government in its plan to kill everyone on earth? And what about the end? This stupid torch-man sacrifices his life to take a few close-ups of the zombies. He probably forgot that every camera made in the past 35 years has a zoom function. And one more thing, why does he say Hindenburg before he dies. The Hindenburg was a rare event that few people saw. The zombie threat is seen by everyone in the country, possibly the world. He does not think anyone else gets some snapshots? They also managed to ruin the only semi-interesting scene in the movie as the soldier looks at the exotic dancer. Why was the zombie hiding behind a curtain for five minutes before he attacked the girl? Especially if the zombie could have come through the door. It's probably just something that a dumb zombie movie fan like me would not understand. Every day, I pray that God increases my brain capacity so long that I can find out all the subtle nuances in Feeding the Masses. <br /> <br /> I think it's interesting that this is the first movie that has shown me the desire to physically hurt the people involved in the production. Hey Trent Haaga, I'm calling you!
