I could not believe that this horrible movie was ever made. With the worst actors you could find, the worst script (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and by far the biggest waste of time on viewing. I will not smile at the story because it really is not worth it. But I'll go into some of the performances and definitely the story. In terms of history, it's hard to believe that this crazy intriguer could actually do what she did. That in reality the woman could not fight a bizarre thing. That the husband could even find the nut case attractive. That the defender could violate any rule of law and would continue to do so after the judge ordered the blanket blank to be closed. And the end result of the movie is an insult to the judiciary, movie codes and male species. The theme of this mess is that women do what they want, kill whoever they want, defend the killer and get away with it, while the man in prison rots the innocent victim. Hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, the director and a man, even wanted to do this dribbling. <br /> <br /> For acting: Jordan Ladd, the killer, is terrible. A crazy daughter who makes needle points during her murder trial (is this allowed in court?) She bores me to the touch. Another look from her when she struck her eyes and showed how innocent she was and I would vomit. She is not even attractive enough for any man to leave his wife. The husband, played by Vincent Spano on one level, seems to be dumb and acting most of the time. He was so predictable that his performance fell into the traps that all the women around him set up. The worst was Holland Taylor as a defense attack. She played the whole movie and ridiculed justice. If she checked me anytime, I would have told her to go for a hike. Everyone else in this shabby movie did their job accordingly. <br /> <br /> I wish I could rate this movie as zero. However, we are forced to start with 1. Too bad. Let's not watch painful movies anymore. Life can be better than that, I know it. <br /> <br /> This is an afterthought: The mistake of accidentally turning this threadbare film is wrong. As soon as I saw the jerk Jordan Ladd, I knew I'd seen it before and did not like it or her. Not only did I turn off the damned thing, but I had to add my anger to people like Sollace Mitchell, who wrote the script, but also staged this horrible movie. Nobody knows that his message is that sickness pays off. With this director / writer, it's okay to be ill and kill people. Totally, the male species make idiots. Well, this man tells you to do it painfully somewhere. We are not so stupid and talk to your so-called movie, which deserves in its thoughts the corrupt. <br /> <br /> And again this loser is shown. Why???? Can not you read the comments on this stupid and despicable movie? Are we always exposed to the Bimbo Jordan Ladd? Get them out of TV, movies and out of sight. She is just terrible in every way. Phew !!!!
