I came across this strip on a rainy Sunday and wanted to adjust to something else. Out of curiosity, I accessed the comments here and watched it through to the end. I really did not do it on purpose - this was one of those films in which you are "fascinated" and see "more minutes", until you finally see it to the end. And the indictment in most of these comments made the viewing more intriguing. The one comment the person really liked it seems to be because they liked Ladd and Spano and their previous roles. But nowhere is there anything good to find here - history, performances and above all the absurd rumors from the courtroom. We all know that Perry Mason (before Raymond Burr breached the 300-pound mark) and Ben Matlock have some leeway in the courtroom instead of boring on a lectern. In particular, Matlock is granted the privilege of entering exhibits by often going to the jury and showing them before the judge and the prosecutor have been informed. There can not be a real judge or prosecutor. Both Perry and Ben almost always ended the process with a confession from the real killer. Actually, Perry almost always did, but often Matlock simply provided overwhelming evidence of the true culprit, voiced "reasonable doubt," then left the police and prosecutors to act against the guilty - sometimes in front of the camera, sometimes even guessed at the end the show. But that said, Holland Taylor's Histrionics and the amount of leeway she allowed in the courtroom of this story made the actions of Matlock / Mason similar slow, often boring details, as seen on Court TV and in real courtrooms. Each character in this presentation was either bland, disagreeable, disgusting, boring, improbable - or a combination of two or more of them. <br /> <br /> The end was the most banal, absurd, even stupid conclusion that was possible - but also fascinating. Ladd and Spano are attractive individuals, and t.v. Movies would be their best asset - probably best in the 2nd lead (probably better if "3rd"), even in this venue. Taylor could be cast as the aunt or mother of one of them. Give this one star for the story / achievement and 3 in addition for the fascination factor.
