The original Trancers are by no means a great movie. It had huge storylines and little internal logic. However, it was entertaining, better than most low-budget B movies and could be surprisingly funny. Unfortunately, Trancers II is none of them. <br /> <br /> Trancers II suffers from many of the problems of most flop sequels. The plot is thin enough to see through, and the writing is bland. It seems that the people behind this film felt that they were bringing back the familiar faces of the first movie, that it was enough and would not be busy with anything else. Not even experienced B-class actors like Tim Thomerson and Jeffery Combs were able to get this movie out of the mud. <br /> <br /> A Brief Summary: Jack Deth (Thomerson) is a cop from the future who was sent to rescue the ancestors of his government after 1985. Trancers II takes place six years after the events of the first Trancers. Jack Deth is married to Lena (Helen Hunt), the woman he met in the first film, and both live together with Hap Ashby. The man Deth has sent into the past to protect him. It was discovered that the brother of Whistler (the villain of the first movie) returned in time to create an army of Trancers. People were killed to pointless zombies to kill Ashby. Jack's mission is complicated by the fact that his first wife, who died long before Jack's journey back in time, was also sent back to stop Whistler's brother, and now Jack thinks he's working with her. I have two real problems with this movie. For one thing, the method of creating Trancers in this movie is fundamentally different from the methods used in the first movie. What's annoying is that they behave in a rather bad example of Soviet revisionism as if it were always technology. <br /> <br /> The other thing that annoys me is the love triangle between Deth, Lena and Alice Stilwell (Jack's first wife) has very little screen time. That bothered me a lot, because it was much more interesting than the actual plot of the movie. It felt like it was just something thrown in to fill space in the movie. Especially the character of Alice, the fact that she is reunited with her husband, seems to be very uninterested, just to see that he is remarried, which makes her either very flat or very poor. <br /> <br /> The only reason I can imagine If you want to watch this movie, you can watch the entire Trancers series (currently a total of six films). Otherwise, even if you are a fan of the original Trancers, stay away from this pale sequel.
