His Christmas Eve and lazy and submissive housewife Della (Kim Basinger) receives violent threats from her desperate and abusive husband. Lying in bed with her twins, she ventures into the night for a last shopping spree in the local mall. There is a lot going on and it is almost impossible to find a parking space. Della picks up a car driver who parks in two parking spaces and leaves a note saying so much. After visiting the shops where she has some yobs, she returns to her car. The owners of the car on which she has left a note are very angry and want some fun with her. A friendly guard helps her with it, but things come out of the hand and the guard is shot, Della flees with the now murderous Yobs in hot pursuit, they shoot at her, she loses control of her car and crashes, grabs her quickly Toolbox from the trunk, hiding in a deserted construction site, but soon gets caught just before they want to rape and kill her, from her magic toolbox she brings out a wrench that hurts her leader, "Chuckie", she can get back in close escaping the forests that kill them It's just the black man. Here, the night is getting worse for everyone involved as a deadly cat and mouse game takes place. A similar plot on Eden Lake pulled me to it, but that's where the comparisons end. This is a mindless and stupid film that is shockingly sketched and terribly acted upon by everyone involved. Disney's twin children may be terrible to watch, but it's Lukas Haas as Chuckie who has to take on the gossip in the bad acting section, even though he's being run by his equally terrible husband for his money. As a film is completely wired its conspiracy line, Dellas cell phone is dead early. In stores, her credit card is canceled by her husband and she has no money and Christmas Eve. Well, where could you go with it, I wonder? The only surprising part of this $ hit is when, after killing all the clichéd villains with the contents of their magic toolbox, they ask them to fuck her if my jaw had not been on the ground for those movies yet, surely fallen and smashed the ground. Even the end is confused, all feminist grandmas who want their pound of meat are completely disappointed. I do not think I could be further disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro was producing this filth
