So this is the actress Kim Basinger succumbed? Mmm ?? To tell the truth, the title of the film is very special when it comes to arousing your interest and reading the outlines of the drawings so fundamentally, but simplicity can have its strengths. Still, I did not care at the end of "While She Out Out". Not the worse (though it was devoured by negatives), but it is much better in a causally lukewarm, but compact and unbalanced survival story of a weak suburban house woman stranded in the forest, trying to fight for her life the death of a policewoman came to her help when she provoked an ugly exchange with some punks in a shopping car park. <br /> <br /> The problem falls on the misleading and predictable material (from which a short story), along with the very variable performances. The poor script was poorly thought out (which is not so good if your plot has a light structure to hang up). So many miserable inclusions and dubious actions simply find their way through this endless chain of events. As for the bunch of stereotypical idiots (led by an unconvincing Lukas Hass as loose canon) who terrorized Basinger, they were less threatening but hopelessly ignorant. Watching Basinger screeching through the wild wilderness with a red toolbox in his hand (do not ask me why?), Shedding those would-be punks one by one became ridiculous because it did not trigger tension or emotion? instead awkward jolts that were stupidly stupid because of the stupidity of the lead. Basinger's performance is strong but does not bring much empathy. Craig Sheffer appears as her hot-headed husband. Strangely, I could not keep my eyes off the screen. I think the red toolbox is hypnotic (why should she wear it all the time) and with what tool would she send the next criminal? Their decisions were pretty disappointing. Watching their transformation through the traumatic situation, when things are finally turned over, is something that you could anticipate miles ahead because of their uncertain tone and the end, as it chugs quite a bit. However, I liked the opening credits, with its hauntingly grumpy score (which is the most effective in the entire feature) and polished photography. <br /> <br /> No big shakes. Do not ask much about your time, but I do not want to see it again. However, with the inclusion of a Joy Division song, I was able to get some albums to listen to.
