First of all, really Kim Basinger? Your wealthy banker leaves you alone at home in your beautiful, most likely cash-paid, money, and you can not even wear a decent shirt? I'm a woman and yes, I'll come right now and say it - clean something, starting with your hair. And while you're at it, it's Christmas Eve. Buy your children some gifts ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes to the overcrowded mall, park your car 3 miles away and cry over it all the way, and just buy wrapping paper. The next time you decide to leave someone an unpleasant note, do not sign your name. I refuse to regret Della. Due to the fact that Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, she naturally wants you to feel bad for the poor, white, blond woman. We understand it. Alec Baldwin is an idiot, but seriously, do not model terrible movies for your own life. Besides, you're in the 50s. They definitely would not have 8-year-old twins. AND THE NAMES? Terry and Tammy. So you can let your children grow up with a decent chance to ever respect themselves. It's also fantastic to hear that the characters in the movie always call her beautiful or call her a "girl." Obviously, Ms. Basinger had something to say about the script. It's also pretty amazing how none of the criminals can defend themselves. Clearly, Dell's magical ninja abilities are unbeatable. Her driving skills are also quite clever. This movie is a cliché, it hurts. Wahhhhh! You misspelled your name on the teacup. Or your husband has put a hole in the wall, but all you can think about is to buy nail polish when you're in the mall instead of maybe some plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school with bought the teddy you looked at. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to take off the BRIGHT trenchcoat as she runs through the woods and breaks everything in her path proves my point - this woman is an idiot. Who thinks to pack the toolbox out of the car, but not their handbag, full of artifacts like your ADDRESS. I never wanted the "bad guys" to be as successful as when I saw this movie. And has anyone else found the black African-American shirt? Oh yes, rewind and admire perhaps the most racial stereotype in a movie. Do not waste an hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, do what Della could not figure out how to do it ... take care of your kids and maybe brush your hair. However, this powerful ballad in the end was quite impressive. Singing "I'm Be Home For Christmas" in the rain while your bloody arm hangs so tightly on your wrapping paper is about as emotional as it gets. Thanks, Della!
