I really do not want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear with the classic 1962 Cape Fear movie, but I can not help it. Not only are I a big fan of Robert Mitchum's and Gregory Peck's main role in Cape Fear, but also when Scorsese includes scenes from the previous film (Cady, who takes the keys out of the ignition, dog dies) and even uses Bernard Herrmann's score Throughout the film, he does not give me many opportunities to make a comparison, as I have to think of almost every scene of the classic Cape Fear. When comparing Scorsese's version of Cape Fear with the classic version, the classic remake is destroyed. But even if the film is taken for itself, it is still bad. <br /> <br /> Now, Scorsese and screenwriter Wesley Strick have redesigned the 1962 Cape Fear scene not just for the scene, they've tried it differently. Unfortunately, this is one of the problems of the movie. Gone is the originally crazy and animal Max Cady, who wants to take revenge personally. The Max Cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic who wants to "save" Sam Bowden and who is associated with his female side (his words not mine). Also gone is the upright and strong Sam Bowden, who is featured in the classic Cape Fear movie. The Sam found in the 1991 remake is very stupid, magical, suspicious and very unlikely. Even Mrs. Bowden is a completely different character - she's crazier than Max Cady! The entire story has also changed - Sam did not testify against Cady in court to jail him as in the classic version. Sam is now Cady's ex-lawyer, who suspects Cady of not doing everything to stop him from jail and wants to "save" him. <br /> <br /> The whole story has changed, and I do not mind, but the overall script is weak everywhere. Other negotiations were thrown into the mix, which not only distract from the big picture, but are also poorly written. The film also contains some honestly absurd scenes and is full of apathetic and even ridiculous lines that you can not take seriously. These aspects take away the dangerous and exciting nature the film is supposed to have, but they also have some help in this section. <br /> <br /> Now the classic version of Cape Fear has been exceptionally filmed with brilliant light and a powerfully powerful, suggestive subtlety, combined with a barefoot brutality that provided thrills when the movie demanded it, and a sense of danger In its entirety. However, in his Cape Fear, Scorsese is unable to give the film a cookie-cutter look of the early 1990s, no sense of danger, no exciting scenes and little style (unless you have the animating fire and the skyline style counting). Yes, there is cruel force and some efforts have been made to make this Cape Fear bigger than the original, but it ends up being empty and all shock, but no awe. <br /> <br /> If all that was not enough, the drama is not great either. Robert De Niro (somehow nominated for an Oscar for his performance) starts quite well as Max Cady, but he gets worse and worse until at the end of the movie he gets nothing but laughter instead of fear. The opposite is true for Jessica Lange and her performance of Mrs. Bowden, who has not exaggerated much of the film and ultimately shows a compelling depiction of fear and despair. As Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the movie: Beige. Juliette Lewis (who also received an Oscar nomination) is decent enough in her role as Danielle Bowden, but she has to play a really stupid character and it's hard to like what we see on screen. <br /> <br /> This movie often seems to be one of the few good remakes, and I can not understand why. I wanted to like it; I really did - I mean, if there's going to be a remake of Cape Fear, I'd prefer that too - but I could not. Since I could not contain anything to be great and be crushed by the inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear, I found Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear indeed a very bad movie. The best of the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their supporting roles.
