There should never have been a "First Blood Part II". The original screenplay for "First Blood" had John Rambo committed suicide at the end of the film. However, this was changed to make his life possible, not because the producers wanted to make a sequel, but because the original audience found the original ending too depressing. Anyway, someone obviously thought that the character was too wasteful because in the 1980s he became the hero of two more films and the recently released fourth part. The official title of this movie was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is commonly referred to as "Rambo". It starts with the title character in prison, where he probably dismisses the crimes he committed in "First Blood," though this is never made too clear. He is removed from prison by his former commander, Colonel Trautman, for a secret mission. Rambo is scheduled to return to Vietnam to investigate reports that American prisoners of war are still being held captive by the communist regime. He is under strict instruction not to try to rescue prisoners or attack the enemy; He should just be an information tour. <br /> <br /> What Rambo does not recognize is that it is not founded by Trautman, who is portrayed as brave, honorable and incorruptible, but by the organizer of the mission, a military bureaucrat named Murdock. Murdock intends that the mission will prove that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam, partly because it will improve relations between the US and Vietnamese governments, partly because it makes their lives easier. Unfortunately for Murdock, Rambo discovers that not only Americans are still being held captive, but also in hellish conditions. Of course, he's too much of a hero to abandon her to her fate and tries to save her. The rest of the movie is more or less a long fight between Rambo and several allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and the evil Commies and their Russian allies. Of course most of the bad comedy ends, but I was surprised to hear from your "little things" partner that the total death toll was as low as 67. At times it seemed as if Rambo was trying to wipe out the entire building Vietnamese Army. <br /> <br /> The sound of this film is very different from the first one. In First Blood, Rambo was no doubt a criminal, though his responsibility for his crimes was diminished by severe provocation and mental instability. In "Rambo" he is a real American hero. A few years ago, director George Cosmatos had created "The Cassandra Crossing," a biased piece of left-wing anti-American propaganda. Cosmatos, however, was nothing but versatile, and "Rambo" proves he could also turn to biased, pro-American propaganda. The two films have in common that both are ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> "First Blood" had its faults, but had its advantages. Their attitude that the anti-war movement was partly involved in the problems of Vietnamese veterinarians in adapting to civilian life was controversial, but at least the film tried to make a statement about the war, the social attitudes to war. and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo", on the other hand, has very few virtues, except that the action sequences are good enough to appeal to those who like it. It's essentially a sort of jingoistic revenge fantasy for the Americans, who were still sore at the Vietnam War. Rambo fights the war alone and this time wins the right side. Take that, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> At this point, the admirers of the film (and there seems to be a plethora - more than 2,000 voters have already given it ten stars) have come to the conclusion that I'm a liberal commie-loving Pinko , Far from it, I have always despised communism as a corrupting ideology. What I dislike about the film is not its politics, but its lack of subtlety and its suggestion that the solution to all problems, including ideological disputes, is to set all weapons on fire and kill as many people as possible. There is no attempt to understand the political complexities of Southeast Asia or why not everyone in the region was pro-American. Despite its anticommunism, the film is the sort of moronic sledgehammer propaganda that the Communists mastered very well-except that they have all the world's problems attributed to capitalism or imperialism or revisionism or some other system aversion to. Compared to "Rambo", "The Green Berets" was a masterful piece of political analysis. 3.10
