While the original First Blood had its far-fetched moments, it was at least partially exciting. In Rambo: First Blood, Part II, the emphasis is on the comic action. Plausibility is completely rejected; logical nose dives; Stallone becomes so impregnable that there is no doubt that he will successfully fulfill his mission. Just like any other wish fulfillment actor of the time (eg, Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II, picks up his own opportunities for real excitement by presenting a hero who is too invulnerable before he is scared. If you can tell from the word that Rambo will obliterate hundreds of enemy soldiers, what are you going to get excited about? <br /> <br /> Trapped after the events of the first film, John J Rambo (Sylvester) Stallone, a pardon is offered if he joins a covert operation in the Far East. It is the year 1985, and a mission is being arranged to find out whether American prisoners of war are still trapped in the jungles of Vietnam. Rambo is encouraged by his former mentor Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna) to take the job, but the job is actually the brainchild of a governing body led by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo's job is just to go to a jungle detention center and find out if there are any American prisoners of war. If not, he should meet with a helicopter. If this is the case, he should be photographically proven to save them later. Helping him with his quest is a savvy local girl, the beautiful and resourceful Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Sure enough, Rambo discovers that there are prisoners of war in the camp, but he surpasses his orders by saving one of them? When he reaches the rendezvous, the rescue helicopter leaves him on orders from Murdock, who apparently does not want to find any real strength due to political and military implications. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape, he wants to free the PoWs and take revenge on the treacherous Murdock. <br /> <br /> The film's few good points come from Jack Cardiff Photography, Jerry Goldsmith's intoxicating score, and the stunt team's pure professionalism in performing various action-antics. Beyond this limited selection, the film is a failure. The actors are reduced to machos, the plot is wrong, the storylines are soulless and haggard, the dialogue is absurd. even the violence becomes numb predictable. At the time of his release, America was under the presidency of Ronald Reagan, a man of simplistic and almost hysterical anti-communist views. That's why contemporary audiences have swallowed this commie-bashing shooting party like a great movie of all time, turning it into an unearned box-office success. Luckily times have changed? Nowadays, we can think of it as a silly action movie with a ridiculously high body count, ridiculously stupid politics and a ridiculous hero.
