The spirit of Vietnam war has been persecuting the American psyche for thirty years. If not for the fact that tens of thousands of American soldiers went to the MIA in Vietnam, or because of the way the returnees were treated, this would be the first war America could have lost. Many men came home from the war as a shadow of their former self, and the original First Blood managed to glimpse their problems as they tried to re-emerge, as the saying goes. By contrast, First Blood Part II is little more than a fist-busting mess that shows how sore America can be in both winning and losing. Stallone plays another sluggish performance than the Special Forces title command, while Richard Crenna tries to uphold the serious actor quotient. Where everything is undone is in the script, which was no better than Missing In Action and Chuck Norris played. What a bit of logic there was in the original, is now over, as the filmmakers decided to paint a big S on Rambos massive chest. <br /> <br /> The film starts shortly after the end of First Blood. The movie, that is, the novel did not allow for sequels. In this mediocre follow-up, Rambo was deployed in a kind of open-air mine. As he breaks rocks and drags on sweat, a jailer pulls him away to chat with Colonel Trautman, who tells him that his government is ready to offer him an early release if he undertakes a covert mission. Rambo, who can never turn away from hard work, accepts and is immediately shipped to a covert base in a seemingly Cambodian or Thai country (I forget which one). From there he is assigned to visit a camp where American MIAs are to be detained and to photograph them. His mission makes it very clear that he will not try to secure her release. Although Rambo is Rambo, there are other ideas, despite their possible political implications. <br /> <br /> Of course things will go awry if the people who commission Rambo's work turn out to be more interested in not guaranteeing Americans. MIAs are found. It's the age-old conspiracy theory and does not apologize for exploiting the plight of many American family members who had no son in the ten years that the official Vietnam War had raged. Of course, with the jingoism inherent in American society in the 1980s, they could not help but work on a conspiracy by the Vietnamese army with a seemingly single battalion of Russians. Together, the two opponents try to find out from Rambo what information they can get, but they settle down in an orgy of bullets, arrows, missiles and destruction. The only thing missing is the moment when Rambo drinks from a grail-like cup and declares himself invincible. <br /> <br /> To be honest, First Blood Part II is a well-photographed and well-choreographed action drama. The close combat with the larger Russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that has dramatic tensions. The rest is simply a case of the lead actor and director building a fantasy for Americans to whom they can pump their fist. Fortunately, this fad all over action movies soon subsided as more introspective and intelligent war movies like Platoon made the rounds. Some of the kills shown here are quite creative despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander is coming to an end that some action movie villains would envy. The Russian commander bites in a spectacular as well as ridiculous way. Only in an action movie from the 80s, you could see a RIGHT from a helicopter. Sure, there were action film clichés that were rooted in contradictions of the facts, but never so ridiculous. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: First Blood Part II one out of ten. It's so bad, it's ridiculous and so ridiculous that it's often funny. You do not even have to serve in the military to know how stupid some action sequences are. The only risk is trying to make a stupid political statement, which is a heartbreaking issue for those directly involved. Keep the tongue firmly in the cheek and it can be seen.
