FIRST BLOOD PART II, ​​an offensive action adventure, seemed to awaken US sentiment at the time of its mid-80s release. Right-wing Reaganism and virulent anti-red feelings are not over yet. although the appearance of a certain Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of the "evil empire" in Moscow would soon make these kinds of films obsolete, even Reagan himself admitted that truism. In this sense we can be very grateful for 'Gorby', not for his disarmament agreements with the US, not for his policy of 'glasnost' or even for his support of democracy being restored in the Eastern European countries in the backyard of the former Soviet Union , No, it's the last diminution of stupid, jingoistic, inflated Cold War adventure like this one. The first RAMBO movie was barely perfect, though at least it was a mildly educated and adequate action thriller with a not too bad plot. In this sequel, he himself had the faintest sentiment conviction is instantly thrown off for stupid, senseless dining conspiracy and incident in which Rambo alone takes over dozens of mindlessly stereotyped Vietnamese and Russian troops ten years after the end of the conflict to rescue American prisoners of war, with the Americans on the losing side. <br /> <br /> Maybe the reason Why the movie was a big box-office success was to make many Americans indulge in fantasies, they had lost the war, but there were still unfinished business deals and ridiculous comic exploits with a robot-like one Heroes, who practically killed everyone red on sight, with as much hardware as possible, fulfilled these quirky, far-fetched ideals. <br /> <br /> This could have been entertaining on a SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately everything is played straight to say that there is no humor in the movie, unfortunately it is practically unintentional. While the action scenes are technically appropriate, they never entail the slightest amount of conviction or persuasive power as they are always in the most spectacular scene incredibly unbelievable in context, and indeed our hero Rambo is despite the plethora of explosives, grenades, shots etc. always intact (apart from a few cuts and bruises here and there) Between the clutter, the script consists of the most boring stereotypes and banalities. Stallone, who has written the script with James Cameron (far from the exciting TERMINATOR of the previous year), seems to have intentionally given the Rambo. Emagazine.credit-suisse.com/app/art ... = 118 & lang = DE In understandable English, it's hard to say, and he only comes out with a stupid grunt, almost as if he invented his own brand of Patois, which is understandable only to himself! In this sense, Rambo is even less human than the Terminator! The rest of the cast does not do much better when good actors like Charles Napier and Richard Crenna make the admirable best of the dialogue they've had with them, and Steven Berkoff still with another of his Russian KGB / Red Army villains once exaggerated. Berkoff's overplaying is a little enjoyable, but not threatening from afar. How could Sly manage to survive Berkoff's electric shock torture to kill more of those Red Commie spinners? Well, credibility is never the strength of this movie. It's a fantasy work comparable to THE WIZARD OF OZ. At least WAS was a fantasy, and it was an immortal classic. This is just a classic of the most gloomy and indeed offensive, nice. And as for Sly's climactic speech ... quite hypocritical after slaughtering all these people, eh? By the way, in the same year he also did ROCKY IV .......... <br /> <br /> RATING: 3 out of 10 points.
