I remember when this piece of garbage came out, all the newspapers were screaming about how long it had taken for Barbra Streisand to finish the film. Well, it could not have taken so many years; The play was not opened until 1975, eight years earlier. It made a Broadway star from the great actress Tovah Feldshuh, who probably would have been cast in the movie, but NOOOOO ... the Great Star Barbra had to do it that way. AND WITH MUSIC NOT LESS! This movie is a total catastrophe from beginning to end. For one, Barbra was forty when she made it, and she looked at it every minute. It was impossible for anyone to swallow her as a young girl who longed to learn Torah. And when she disguises herself as a boy, it becomes campy. I have the impression that Streisand can not be unattractive, so she played around with the make-up; She is prettier as a boy than as a girl. And as if that were not bad enough, she gets involved with both her classmate Avigdor (whose best moment is the shot of his naked backer, Mandy Patinkin) and her fiancee (Amy Irving, who does her usual sleepwalker routine) little) The poor woman always attacks when the director ignores her and she does not know what she is doing. Yentl even goes so far as to marry the girl; I will not even mention the scene "wedding night". <br /> <br /> Then there is the music. Nine completely forgotten songs, all sung by Streisand via voice-over (presumably as a look into her head), and all as intrusive and irritating as fingernails on a blackboard. <br /> <br /> I will not say that Streisand shows no promise as a director here; Some of the visuals are lovely (especially Patinkin's backside) and she has a good eye for balance. The problem with this movie is that it does not go out of its way. I did not believe her for a second in the title role; She should NEVER have added the songs, and besides, the whole mess runs two hours and fifteen minutes. After forty-five minutes, I was sick of all the chaos. <br /> <br /> Terrible, terrible, terrible.
