A seemingly endless movie that really deserves a rating of zero. The premise seems simple: Yentl, a girl who studies the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only boys are allowed to study, so after the death of her father she decides to dress as a boy. She is closely associated with Avigdor, who is to be married to a beautiful woman named Hadass. Hadass's family learns that Avigdor's brother committed suicide and the wedding is canceled. Yentl, now Anschel, is selected to marry Hadass. It does, but it is never done. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor leave for a few days and Yentl / Anschel reveals her secret. The film ends with Avigdor returning to Hadass (and marrying?), And Yentl goes to America to continue studying, though she still has to disguise this for a movie of more than 2 hours, but there are several things that ruin him. For starters, there is the constant SINGING. (I can hear the critics scream.) Yes, I know this is a musical, so there should be a lot of songs and dance numbers. But the film could have been improved if it was judged and played without it. The songs get boring after a while and they do not danced as much as you would expect. Many of the songs are forgetful, with no memorable lyrics, and those with meaning could easily have been replaced by a voice-over. Only one song stands out from the rest: "Papa Can You Hear Me". It is obvious that most of the others were deliberately placed, so Streisand simply had a reason to show their vocal abilities every five to ten minutes. Anyone who sees this movie will probably already know what a great singer and actress she is, so the songs are really not necessary. <br /> <br /> Second, Streisand's make-up, seen as a man during her scenes (lipstick, eyelashes, and rouge marks), makes it hard for the audience to believe in Yentl. Anschel character that she is really serious and gets her new friends, colleagues and even Hadass to believe that she is a man. Nevertheless, we are asked and expected to believe that. There seems to be a contradiction while her character speaks or rather sings that she does not think she can do it, but it is surprising that everyone seems to be deceived because she wears men's clothes. This means that we then have to assume that the other characters are so naive that they can not recognize the other differences, eg. For example, their actions are clear giveaways. The facial differences alone can not be taken into account, as other characters in the film mention that some of their male relatives or friends had no beard or facial hair. However, if in the 1900s a woman was disguised as a man, but dressed in the same way as Streisand's character and still trying to impersonate herself simply because she wore men's clothes, this would have been deemed unacceptable and would have led to an occasion Indignation. Chances are she'll probably have to leave the city or even the country. Therefore, the "female" makeup on Streisand does not affect the credibility of the character and only weakens the plot. If it was only used to make Streisand look more beautiful, it would have had to be discarded. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, if Yentl / Anschel herself reveals who she really is towards the end, we are then asked to believe that the other characters are not as smart as Streisand and only if they are the "truth" they will get a little smarter. Meanwhile, it is becoming increasingly clear that the entire conspiracy is so far-fetched that it is nothing more than a tailor-made vehicle for Streisand. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are those who are fans of Streisand Who will not find fault with this movie, its plot or the songs. I have to respectfully disagree with that. Although she has excellent singing and acting skills, I'm not a fan of her singing style. However, I enjoyed many of their other features, including musicals. There are even some of their songs that I like, so I'm not a "hater", nor am I going to beat them. I wrote this review from an honest perspective, from someone who did their best to see this movie - several times even - and noticed the problems in itself. If Streisand was interested in making a great or even credible film, she could have done it here by not showing her need to show herself and to prove how talented, beautiful and clever she is in almost every corner. This movie does nothing but hurt their abilities, makes them look selfish, and turns the movie into a laughing feast unworthy of their fans or audience.
