Michael Williams, who works for BBC, finds a somehow impressive Italian image mixed in the material of his ongoing task called DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARY. But since the mysterious death of his wife, her daughter Emily has been emotionally disturbed, so he goes to Spoleto, where the problematic picture is with her and her nanny Jill. And there is a countess who is also a clairvoyant, and she informs him that the picture was somehow made during the night when a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael does not believe her story, but after that Emily has a hysterical spasm and Jill is killed ... Of course, this Italian film is almost innocently influenced by THE EXORCIST, but this is much cheaper, much simpler and in one sense, much dirtier. First, it should be said that this movie is full of confusion. For example, the story shows that Emily is a reincarnation of Emilia. When Emily sees her in the flashbacks, she only perceives her from the perspective of a third person. But if she is the reincarnation of Emilia, she should and must see the past only from Emilia's point of view. Confusions of this kind, which the film has many, are based almost exclusively on the problematic fact that the film is too cowardly, rather than too ambivalent, to specify its own quasi-Freudian theme, namely the one-sided, incestuous desire of a young girl , In addition, this film also has a characteristic problem (if not confusion). Every character is too naive and helpless to be realistic and / or credible. After all, she is a child relative to Emily (or Emilia), and one can say that it is difficult to blame her for her naivety and helplessness. (And according to the Freudian theory, every girl wants to have the child (s) of his father in his own way. "In this sense, Emily is not exclusively pathological, only her way of excluding other women from her father's love is pathologically problematic, as I already am The problem is that grown-up characters are as childish and naive and helpless as Emily, and because of this characteristic weakness, even the prophet who can see almost anything is not down to earth And because of the same weakness, the film's story ends in a very cursory manner, and special effects of this movie are incredibly cheap and ridiculous, although Stelvio Cipriani's music is remarkably beautiful (in fact, it's so good it's worth it alone) The film is nothing less than a cheap B-movie, even the Italian horror of the 19 70s can disappoint. Movie lovers.
