An MTV-style film crew consisting of American television producer Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), his cinematographer, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfers named Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) beautiful-looking island somewhere It's not really known where. The crew plans to shoot an exhibition on 'Bloodsurfing', which is apparently the latest craze in extreme sports. Surfers throw baits into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks, just to see if they can cross them without being eaten. There they are greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Her quest for the perfect location takes her to the shark-infested waters of Lilo-Cay. Sonny, Melba and her daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take her in their boat. Soon after they arrive and have already taken some "blood surfing shots," Sonny, Melba, and Lemmya are killed by a three-meter saltwater crocodile, some of whom say they "own" the island. The boat is sunk. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy seem to be stuck on the island until a rescue team arrives. After meeting some, I do not really know what they are. Pirate drug smuggler? Revolutionary Fat Ugly people who just do not like to be with other people? Who knows? And more importantly, who cares? Not me, that's for sure. Fleeing these guys who look like pirates, they are picked up by Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his daughter Arty (Taryn Reif as Tara Reif) off the coast of the island. The film crew believe that they were saved. They hardly know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks are far away, and he has a bill to fill, and four members of a film crew will not stop him. Captain Dirks returns to Lilo-Cay for a final showdown with the huge, man-eating crocodile. <br /> <br /> Director: James D.R. Hickox, that's a horrible movie, but it's still not as bad as Tobe Hooper's Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie is shit. The script by Sam Bernard and Robert L. Levy is terrible, extremely slow, since the crocodile is not even seen or mentioned before the 30-minute mark. At that time I was seriously bored and annoyed with the abominably unlikely characters that Bernard and Thought had raised. The whole movie is also frustratingly predictable. Within the first 10 minutes, anyone familiar with horror film stereotypes and serial characters can guess who will die and who will survive. The crocodile effects are terrible and seem to repeat over and over again. There's a little doll's head that obviously has someone's arm controlling its movements, while the splashes of water are huge! The CGI shots of the crocodile are simply embarrassing to see. Aside from that, when a character is bitten in half, which is accomplished by CGI to digitally remove the actor's legs, it again looks awful. There is also a short scene where somebody is spiked on wooden tips when loosing a trap. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, and the female actresses are nice and good to the eye. There is also basic continuity and logical mistakes in the film. Cecily films Bog and Jeremy's 'Bloodsurfing' in a sequence, but from the perspective and distance she's currently in, it would be physically impossible to get shark and surf shots at the same time, and that's certainly the point of her shot ? If Dirks manages to harpoon the crocodile, the angle of the wire changes dramatically between shots. In one shot, the angle of the line looks as if it came from the sky, in the right after the shot, the angle is completely different and it seems as if the line comes from under the water surface when the harpoon is actually at the back of the Boat is attached and the cord should be almost at the level of the surface. I could go on, why is the crocodile jumping off the edge of a cliff when it's as smart as the movie tries to spot? But I would probably exceed the limit of 1000 words if I listed everything that was wrong with this movie. I hated this movie, but it's still not as scary as Tobe Hooper's efforts to make a huge crocodile movie. To avoid in any case.
