Impressive. Rarely have I recently felt the need to comment on movies, but above all, I'm begging for a beatdown. Let's start at the beginning. First, author and director Susan Montford places Kim Basinger in the tired role of the old victim, including the necessary abusive husband and boring existence in the suburbs. Let's just say that almost all the content in this boring movie is completely trite and banal. Montford's pathetic attempt to symbolize the Christmas tree without a star is ridiculous. <br /> <br /> When she takes on a dark and menacing night for Christmas paper, Della is angry that someone has parked her car on the square busiest shopping night of the year. She decides to do something about it and leaves an awkward note on the car's windshield. The next fifteen minutes of the film are dedicated to Della, who walks aimlessly around the mall. When she finally gets to her car, the thugs confront her about the note, a policeman is killed and she runs, and they catch her, and she leaves, and they chase her more and so on. Everything is completely predictable and inexpensive. The clubs are not scary or threatening at all, and they are all chopped off in the usual way. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies in which the action depends on the characters stupid as you can imagine. Why the bad guys just do not kill her instead of waiting for her to hit her with a tire iron is a mystery to me. And once, just once, does the pack leader have to die in such a movie? What does it matter that they are all picked up one by one when they are all equally unable? Much of the film is simply that Lukas Haas walks around in the woods and "Della !!!" screams. And the inclusion of Joy Division in the soundtrack of this miserable movie is insulting. <br /> <br /> The part that really got me running for my computer keyboard was when Della screamed exhausted and screamed at the sky. "Where are you, God, where was God when this movie was made, I only give him 2 for competent cinematography and lighting, and it's not as bad as" BTK Killer, "the ultimate marker for judging awful movies. Bottom up!
