Well, after seeing it through three times, I still have no idea what this film is about, because, frankly, it did not generate any real interest or interest. But here it goes: A bunch of people too old to be teenage teen actors dressed in terrible fashions of the 80s (did we look like that?) That getting into a motorboat would be a really good idea and to visit the abandoned Alcatraz after one of them had nightmares about people being slaughtered in various horrible ways who managed to instantly blow POLTERGEIST, THE EVIL DEAD and Freddy Kreuger. The fool even imagines himself being fried over an open fire, with a deformed freak cutting off strips of filet. Good that it was just a dream or it could have hurt, and good that his dreams had a reasonable budget for special effects. Mine are pretty lame mostly: girls, model spaceships, blasting with a bazooka, etc. <br /> <br /> Once on the island of Alcatraz, they find themselves in a Slasher movie and meet up with Tony Basil, who I can Can not help but break into some dancing poses and had her own light crew (complete with a smoke machine for the smoky haze of the 80s that I somehow miss). And this reminded me that Mrs. Basil David Byrne choreographed the talking heads for some of his videos and performances. This of course has nothing to do with the film, but came back to me again and again, because the film gave very little to think about. It happens, so to speak, and you can watch your page marker on the TV next to the TV or continue editing. But since the movie is not really interesting, you always decide for the last time instead of losing time. The movie ends with that, and you'll always wonder what you missed when you realize the credits are starting to roll again, damn it ... <br /> <br /> * SOME * 1980 1980s horror films can survive such a special reputation: Umberto Lenzi's GHOSTHOUSE, CHOPPING MALL & his Killbots, the hard-to-ignore NIGHT OF THE CREEPS and the over-the-top SLEEPAWAY CAMP all come to my mind. They are films that, no matter how they or not, demand your attention and usually prove with some gore or T & A and typos in your work that you have watched TV instead of your keyboard. I'm sure HELL ISLAND (like the British version I'm referring to is titled) has really good stuff, but honestly, I do not care. And nothing is more annoying than the encounter with art of any kind that does not cause admiration, a decent dislike or even good old honest hatred for it. The movie is content to take away 80 minutes, no matter how many minutes it takes, and it never really does more than make a distraction, though I've tried to give it a shot, but no dice. <br /> <br /> There are some unusual production designs, the use of lighting is sometimes notable, and the occasional outbreak of chaos will likely interest the fans of 1980's Teen Horror. But the rest of you should be warned: YOU WISH IF YOU WERE IMPROVED IN 1987, and the answer is probably more vile than anything that happens on screen. Try to see it as a free rental so you do not get stuck with the damn thing when you're disappointed: movies like these take up valuable shelf space, which is commonplace in a commodity nowadays, and the world is coming to an end. everything ...
