A really bad movie, with a few good moments or qualities. <br /> <br /> It begins with the pregnant Linda Blair, who runs into the corridors to escape from possible monsters or people with pitchforks not sure. She jumps through a window and wakes up, and we see that she is very pregnant. The extent to which she is pregnant is very different throughout the film. <br /> <br /> You and an annoying and possibly retarded little boy that I thought would let her son travel to an abandoned hotel on an island. Italian horror directors find the most irritating little boys they can put into their movies! On the island are already David Hasselhoff and his German-speaking virgin friend (you know how the Germans love Hasselhoff ...). He photographs and translates an esoteric German book about witches, I think. <br /> <br /> Also on the island, an elderly couple who bought it, a real estate agent and a wife, thought I was their daughter. She was obviously an architect, and Linda Blair and the boy are the older couple's children. I guess they all went to the island together, but it seemed like Linda and the boy were separated from each other (maybe they were filmed separately). The hotel seems to be neat, certainly from the outside, but it is not very effective. An old woman in bad make-up and black coat appears to the boy and sometimes sings something in German, which he then records on his Sesame Street tape recorder. People start killing, either in their dreams or sucked into hell or something. Some of these Gore scenes are fine, but not enough to recommend the movie. Although the copy I've seen has determined that it is not cut on the cover page, the death of a character whose veins are exploding seems to have been truly cut. Much of the scene shows reaction shots of a different character, as we do not see anything ourselves. The scariest scene is one in which a man or demon with a really messy-looking wound raped someone. He looked particularly angry. There is a ridiculously and painfully bad scene in which Linda Blair is obsessed. I wish that if a horror movie were to occupy her, they would do something original with her role and leave her exorcist behind (apart from the annual horror conventions). <br /> <br /> In the strange realm The Italian tradition of being a contention, a sequel to something she has nothing to do with is AKA La Casa 4 and Ghosthouse 2. That is, it acts Probably a sequel to Casa 3 - Ghosthouse, La (1988) - that's not the case, even a better movie than this one). La Casa 1 and two were The Evil Dead (1981) and Evil Dead II (1987) - again unrelated to Witchery and La Casa 3 (and much better than these). There is also a Casa 5, La (1990) AKA House 5, which aims to be a sequel to the fake La Casa series and the series House: House (1986) House II: The Second Story (1987), The Horror Show (1989 ) AKA House III and House IV (1992). How does the horror show fit in? It's not really, it claimed to be a sequel, so the real serial entry must renumber to cause less (or more?) Confusion. Strangely, the horror show is also AKA Horror House and La Casa 5 is also AKA Horror House 2. Does your head hurt already?
