There are many different versions of this version, so make sure you can find one of the unrated specimens, otherwise you may lack some blood and a nudity scene. Some versions also omit most opening sequences and other bits here and there. The cut I've seen is titled WITCHCRAFT: EVIL ENCOUNTERS and was released by Shriek Show, who kept the original US release title WITCHERY for DVD release. It looks good and seems to have all the footage but has some trimming / aspect ratio issues. In Italy, it was released as LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT). The first two LA CASA releases were actually the first two EVIL DEAD films (renamed) and the third LA CASA was another film from the same production company (Filmirage), best known here in America as GHOSTHOUSE. To make things even more confusing, WITCHERY has also been released elsewhere as GHOSTHOUSE 2. Except in Germany, where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is actually THE OGRE: DEMONS. OK, I'll just shut up now. I start to confuse myself! <br /> <br /> Regardless of the title, this is a horror stop. Some of them are good, others are not. Actually, I was in the film for the first half, but in the end it became a pointless mess. A large, empty hotel on an island, about 80 km from Boston, forms the backdrop in which various people from a German-speaking witch (Hildegard Knef) are picked up individually. Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff), who wants to capture "Witch Light," and his virgin writer (Leslie Cumming), who studies witchcraft, get stuck in the hotel without permission. Real estate agent Jerry (Rick Farnsworth), who will be presenting the property to potential buyers Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks, is in attendance. Their children are also involved; The pregnant adult daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and the very young son Tommy (Michael Manchester) as well as the overseer architect Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland - then wife of Hasselhoff). Once all are inside, their boatman is killed (hanging) and the boat disappears, so they are trapped and exposed to the mercy of "Lady in Black". <br /> <br /> So what can you expect? Here you will find many inconveniences! One of the characters has his lips sewn up and is then hung upside down in the fireplace and accidentally slowly fried by the rest of the cast. There is also a crucifixion, witches eating a dead baby, a swordfish in the head, someone set on fire, a possession, a Sesame Street tape recorder, the virgin being raped by a demon, and a few other things. From a technical point of view, it's a good-looking movie with pretty good cinematography, a good score and good gore effects. The hotel / island is also very nice. Blair (especially at the end) and Ross both seem to be having fun and Knef is great as a wicked witch. Although people like to ridicule Hasselhoff these days, he is not bad in his role either. <br /> <br /> On the flip side, the film seems a bit boring despite all the blood and becomes monotonous after about an hour. The supernatural themes are also confused and confusing. As characters are swept into the witch's room to be tortured and killed, the filmmakers decided unwise to place the screaming actors over a stupid red swirling effect that looks extremely cheesy. And the witches' house itself is empty and cheap with unfinished timber. And while most of the cast is at least decent, some performances (especially the "actress" who plays Hasselhoff's girlfriend and child) are so bad that they are constantly distracting.
