Let's put aside the political correctness and just look at it from the many sex comedies that came out in the 1980s because I do not think it's any better or worse than the others. Unless your religious cookie or a nasty woman can probably see you doing a stupid movie like this, without having to get upset about the content, and personally I had a completely harmless feeling before and after watching. The story takes place in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a rich 15-year-old boy named Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is by nature horny as hell and begins to spy on the attractive maid who has just started dating for his dad to work <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly to Philly, but it gets hot when his father leaves town on business and she starts flirting with him She invites him to her bedroom to watch her undress. Philly is awkward and initially does not know how to react, but soon he agrees and has sex, but to his horror, it seems Nicole died of a heart attack! With the help of the shabby chauffeur Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman) they seemingly buried their bodies, but a message from a blackmailer appears and Philly has to raise $ 10,000 from his father's safe. Philly is shocked when Nicole shows up, and he learns that the whole thing is a blackmail plan Lester has set up, and she only got involved because she's an illegal alien and if she does not do what she does said that Lester had called the immigration office. Together, they try to get their father's money back before returning home, and they ask Jack (Ed Begley, Jr.), who is a tennis instructor but introduces himself as a police officer, who scares Lester, for help. <br /> <br /> This The Little Comedy was produced for less than $ 3 million, but it grossed more than $ 50 million worldwide, making it one of the most unlikely films to have been so successful at the time That I'm wondering why this was a hit and none of the others in the genre. Director Alan Myerson can boast of having made a successful film, but the truth is that he never really had a career in movies, even though he was still very successful on television. Why was that so successful? I have the idea that it may be up to Kristel and before you decide that I'm crazy, listen to my reasoning. Kristel was an international star because of her soft-core films, so that only reason made many free-spirited adults curious to see them in an American film that was soon to be released. This would make the same adults nostalgic about their own youth and the fantasy of being taught the ways of lovemaking by an attractive older woman, which invites the much younger crowd that is probably still very inexperienced and curious about the movie. Anyway, that's my thought, and if anyone has a different reason, I'd like to hear that, but back to the movie itself, it's obvious (and very sad) that a movie like this could probably never be made again (except in Europe) Right and the other prudish freaks who just can not come to terms with the fact that a teen who goes to bed can not harm him. In fact, it is a valuable service that ALL YOUNG pray that something happens to them! The film itself is awkward and Kristel's double body is all too obvious in certain scenes, especially if you pay close attention to the difference between the nipples. The story (though fascinating in its basic form) is neither very funny nor enlightening, so it left the nudity scenes that really are the norm for the genre.
