Well, it turned out as expected: visual overload, but nothing more than the original. What surprised me, however, was that the plot had changed quite drastically compared to the 1968 movie. That initially sparked my interest, but what was eventually surprised was that the new twists (a) were apparently invented to present us with a typical Hollywood-like product, and (b) made the whole plot unlikely! The story of 1968 was breathtakingly straightforward and contained no tempests or dizziness: it just said that things might have changed a little bit if you came home after a long journey. For example, the earth could have fallen into the hands of monkeys. As with many old movies, the main ingredient was tension (hell, does anyone understand the word these days?). In this film by Burton, it was tried to turn it into an action movie, but at what price? Sure, the pictures are overwhelming, and a lot of time and money has gone into designing a complete monkey culture (even monkey music!), But what's wrong? <br /> <br /> First the Lifting Disbelief is made very difficult because the monkeys have many Hollywood human features. I refer especially to Ari and the slave trader. These features include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm, and an open spectrum of "subtle" emotions. It lets you forget that the monkeys are monkeys, which is essential. Second, people are talking. Of course, we can imagine that people will never forget to speak, but the fact that the monkeys speak and people speak has not made the role change between monkeys and humans in the 1968 version very tangible. The wound in the throat that Charlton Heston gets there is essential to his survival, and his speech, later recovered, is for his uniqueness and interest. Third, the fact that they talk promotes plausibility, but is a necessary twist in the new film, as Capt. Davidson the Hollywood Let's save the whole world and make a good ending for all and still to make the lounge bar for a cool Diet Coke figure. Oh my god, will they never learn? I did it from the beginning, when there was only one guy who got lost! They needed a hero! And then the scriptwriters continue thinking: We need a guy ... why would a guy get lost ... because he's trying to save a monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... implausible! But it is necessary because it shows the audience that it respects monkeys. Since we can not have a xenophobic monkey hater like Charlton Heston's character on screen in this modern and politically correct time, let's give it a bubblegum version! <br /> <br /> Fourth, okay A general twist of the original "Discovering the Truth" of the 1968 movie to the modern version (he notes that his own mothership crashed on the planet centuries ago and that its laboratory monkeys crashed into society where Heston has just discovered this somehow) (the monkeys have overtaken Earth during his absence) The second part of the fight is an anti-climax. That's because this movie has added the first two Planet Of The Apes movies in a single plot. Nice try, but the chill you feel when Davidson and you realize that he's lost forever on the planet will be washed out due to the uninteresting battle part. <br /> <br /> Fifth: the end !!! For Chrissakes, who came up with that ?! (a) Davidson crashes TWICE with his escape pod, which seems to be an unpredictable object, while the chimpanzee manages to land gracefully? Come on, who would believe that? If the pods are really small spacecraft (Davidson just flies into space at the end) and not just escape from ships, he could have landed safely at least once, right? And what about this end ???? I mean, in the original movie, it was clear that everything happened on earth. But here: The whole movie is playing on a distant planet and suddenly the same monkey culture (there is a statue of Thade) on Earth ??? From where? Did the monkeys of the distant planet develop technologically, did they fly into the time-storm and into the colonized Earth before Davidson's mission began? Why is Thade worshiped? Stupid stupid stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is even adorable and beautiful like a monkey, but I expected nothing less. I preferred their monkey to Estella Warren as humans, but maybe I had some wire in my head. The only convincing monkeys, however, were Tim Roth as Thade (wonderful!) And Ari's house monkeys (the ex-general, but I forgot his name). Nonono, many things could and should have been added / changed to the image of 1968, but not the plot, at least not that way. It was simple and clear and needed no further explanation. It was pretty and funny and caricatured. Do not stylize everything ...
