In this film was a completely forgotten star from the 1930s to see, Jack Pearl (Radio Baron Munchausen) and Jimmy Durante. 7-1 / 2 decades later, however, it is billed as a Three Stooges film, as these are the only ones in the film that the average person would recognize today. Film fanatics will also recognize the wonderful Edna May Oliver and Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> As far as the Stooges are concerned, this is a very early movie - before MGM had any idea what to do with the crew. At that time, they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stooges," as Healy was the front man. Luckily for the Stooges, they left this evil and rather untalented man (read him - you'll see what I mean) and the rest is history. Within a year they made very successful shorts for Columbia, and the executives of MGM soon made themselves on the way to lose the team. At MGM, this was a common phenomenon, a great studio that had no idea what to do with comedy (like the movies by Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). Until her departure for Columbia, MGM put her in a variety of film roles - including with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And oddly enough, they were not acting as a team in this movie - they just played different supporting roles, like Larry playing the piano! <br /> <br /> This film begins with Pearl and Durante, who have lost in the film African jungle. When they are rescued and brought home, the film's overall structural feel falls apart and the movie becomes almost like a variety show - punctuated by scenes of clues here and there. In terms of Pearl, I really understood why he never made films successfully, because he has the personality of a snail (but a little less welcome). As for Durante, I never knew what the audience saw about him - at least as far as his films are concerned - he was loud and ... loud! Apparently he took the time to help MGM ruin Buster Keaton's career to shoot this film. Pearl and Durante rely on a lot of verbal humor (?) And vaudeville-style routines that tend to be flat. In this movie, the Stooges did not have the right chemistry. It's strange to see how Healy does the work that Moe did in her later films. What they did in the movie was pretty good, but since all segments were short, they were switched on and off too fast to get into their routines. Stooges fans may be very frustrated about that, though die-hard fans might want to achieve their lifelong goal of seeing Stooge - even the rotted Joe DeRita and Joe Besser movies (oh, and did them) bad after that Death of Shemp and Curly). Overall, the movie is rather boring and disappointing. However, there are a few interesting things to look out for in chaos. After about 13 minutes you will see a short scene in which a tour guide is singing on the bus. Take a close look, because this is Walter Brennan in a role you would certainly never expect! Another unusual thing to watch out for is the song "Clean as a Whistle," which starts about 22 minutes after the movie starts. This song and dance number is clearly an example of a so-called "pre-code" scene that would never have been allowed in movies after 1934 (when the production code was amplified). Despite the word "clean" in the title, it's a very exciting number with naked women showing a lot of flesh - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show! It is quite shocking today, though such excesses were common in the early 1930s. Finally, at the end of the 63-minute mark, Jimmy Durante has put the racing relationship back several decades. Watch the movie, you will see that I mean!
