Loony Tunes have ventured (at least) twice into the future. The first time was with the brilliantly funny "Duck Dodgers". The last time was with this ?? around ?? Effort. "Loonatics Unleashed" is not in vain and could be considered a good product if it does not match the quality of Warner Brothers. WB cartoons are characterized by their cheeky humor and appeal to adults at least as much as children. On the other hand, these pedestrian superhero episodes can not be persuaded to persuade adults to hand over Roadrunner and a coyote) on the "city planet" of Acmetropolis and acquire superpowers when a meteor hits the planet in 2772. Sweet, but fumbling stupid. <br /> <br /> In every episode, the super sextet ?? in the midst of mild amusing, but essentially banal joke? Fight different super villains. Mostly these are types that appear in any mediocre superhero adventure series, and even some of the better ones. Like many mediocre superhero shows, this takes their villains far too seriously for the context. And of course these guys are the only characters who laugh? the usual evil laugh of course. Why is it that bad guys in predictable superhero adventures always ??? ALWAYS ?? laughs at every opportunity? Animated material of this kind seems to leave laughter only in the province of the villains and (occasionally) their henchmen and / or henchmen. In fact, the creators of this series have missed their best bets the get-go The superpowers of the characters are sometimes based on their previous normal abilities, but sometimes not. The problem here is that we do not see enough WB-Looniness. Lexi and Ace have fairly common bio-generated energy weapons and virtually no personality traits that could be described as "bugs-like". What we have here is basically the stupid and raunchy "Teen Titans", including their too "modern" animation looks, but with animals. Feh. <br /> <br /> The other misstep by the creators of the program is (or is) the bad guys. As already mentioned, these are not very imaginative and make the bad laugh a little too much. Amazingly enough, the authors have completely missed the obvious technique of making villains from serial WB characters and the protagonists. The fun could have been added, say, Jupiter Sam? as The Fudd still hunts on Wabbits? as well as Tech E. Coyote transformed into a really neurotic villain? and so on. Ah, the sadness of missed opportunities? <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, all this production has gone into too much overtime (ie a second season). Nevertheless, we can rejoice that there is something new for the 14 participating spectators. The rest of us can hope for a third season of Duck Dodgers.
