If you look after a child, make sure it does not live near a cemetery. Especially when the child has a habit of drawing bloody pictures and disappearing at night between the gravestones to see his "friends". But our long-haired heroine, who does not know all the signs, hides the Nortons from her family, which includes a stern father and a stupid older brother who becomes a love interest for our budding babysitter. Even scarier than the zombie gang outdoors is the tendency of the performers to speak even when their lips are not moving, and when the words do not match the movements of their mouths. But enough of it ... pets are sacrificed, old ladies have torn out eyeballs and the orchestra will not rest during any scene, even the quiet ones. Oh, and the editor has a day off with the way the movie threatens. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would be better if everyone involved took a breather and smelled the one they were signing up for and gone AWOL. Yes, I know that it is difficult to engage in movies today, but this kind of starting point is not what you want on your CV. If, like a trainee, he were a farm worker convicted of chicken nuisance. With one of the worst lead performances ever made by shrill Laurel Barnett and another that was almost as bad as charisma-free kiddie actress Rosalie Cole (she's not the next Dakota Fanning), the movie meanders on We get what is passable for a climax. <br /> <br /> This involves five or six members of the undead who barricade our utterly useless heroine in a shed, while something rough can fend off those ghouls with a wooden plank, a clam gun and whatever he holds in his hands can lay. But a minute back ... before they were in the car, and they accidentally discovered that the creatures found the sound of the horn so repulsive that they were mixed off at the sound of it. Do they stay where they are safe? No, of course not, they run to this deserted building in the middle of nowhere, so the guy can prove how stubborn he can be, as if the girl could behave as if it had a nervous breakdown movie closes. It does not stop, it just stops. The main character wanders back to her fake vehicle as if nothing terrible had happened. But, my dear spectator, something terrible happened. You've just sat through one of the tangled, boring horror movies you'll ever see, and lost 82 minutes of your life you'll never get back. In the future, just think about your deathbed, which you would trade for an hour and 22 minutes just to spend some more time with your family. Unfortunately, it is already too late for me. Do not make the same mistake :( 2/10
