Yes, AWA wrestling, how can you forget this unreal show? First, they had a very short interviewer named Marty O'Neil, who made "Rock n Roll" Buck Zumhofe look like a bug. Then it was Gene Okerland who, when he became "angry as a wrestler", either "was out of time" or "well," as if he was crazy but actually sounds forced. After going to the WWF, Ken Resneck, although his mustache looked like a week-old soup, took on a very good interviewer whom "Georgeous" Jimmy Garvin called a mouse face, which made me fall off the chair with laughter. After jumping with the ship, Larry Nelson came on board, which was so bad that Phyllis George was an improvement! Then there's Doug McLeod, the best wrestling announcer of all time, who made every game exciting with his description of punches! Then he was offered more salary by the Minnesota North Stars Hockey Team. On the edge of the ring, who can forget Roger Kent, it was wrong to mispronounce words and sentences as if a wrestler were tall "Hes a big-on!" Bumped into the guts or kicked "straight into the gusset" or when he was kicked "He punted him" or "The Piledriver should be banned" after Nick Bockwinkle had used it on a helpless opponent. (Right Roger, whatever you want!) After he left For more eco-friendly money (WWF), they had Rod Trongard, whose style of announcement was great, but different: When a wrestler scratched his shoe soles over another guy's forehead, he said, "Cross through the front lobe "or as a wrestler is in trouble" Hes in bad bad shape ". He would also say AWA is the nastiest, hardest, meanest, most scientific wrestler here in the AWA! (No extra money, Verne Gagne!) After he (WWF) Larry (Wheres Phyllis?!) Nelson took over and I would talk to someone or totally ignore him. (WWE wisely did not take it!) Greg Gagne also had the ugliest wrestling boots I've ever seen. Even if he is looking for the day, he looks like he wants to get it over with, so he can walk to the next toilet. Jumpin J at Brunzell was such a great dropkick artist that you wonder why Greg was ever his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar wrestler, but you're wondering why Verne won against him (Puhleeeeze!). When Vince McMahon hired Gagnes Jobber, he did most of them in the wrestle squash match. I like to see how the Gagne family wrestling is really saying!
