A little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the country. This little girl Rosalie has some psychotic tendencies as the movie begins with kitten feed to critters in the graveyard. She has recently lost her mother, who has gone crazy but spent the whole night in the forest during her life. The premise of the film is for a new young woman to come to Rosalie to look after her. She is introduced to the evil of the woods while driving and experiences the tension here, a huge blue barrel falling over a cliff to somehow stop her car. From there she goes to the next house and discovers Mrs. Whitfield, who then gives a lot of explanations about Rosalie and her family. The seriousness that the Mrs. Whitfield character radiates must be seen to be believed. Well, the young woman meets with the child, and we soon learn that she is not only weird, but also that everyone in the movie is very bizarre. They all have a commonality that none of a drama school has heard. None of these people can do anything-as the few vehicles in which one of the movies appeared before or since the entire movie-and they all look as if they have little idea what's going on, stick to lines Remember, and have all the conviction of a paper bag. The director trudges through the material at a slow pace and this terrible piano music, which here and there draws attention to things that are scary. It takes a while to get some killings from the creature friends, but until then I did not care. The murders are also unconvincing, and the truth is that the whole movie is supposed to look like someone on the farm of his friend with the people and the things there look through the whole movie. Although the ending is said, the end has some scary aspects, though we do not know why Rosalie is so, or more importantly, who the creature with the cheap masks is. Cheap does not even begin to describe the budget here. It's basically a few old farmhouses and some sheds at the bottom and of course the woods. Someone lent the director a few old cars as well. No special effects of any kind and only minimal make-up. There are so many guffaws / ridiculous moments that I would like to list, but I will list only a few here that made me giggle, at least because of the lack of suitability of the creative forces: killed. "Len comes in and sees how he is being slaughtered and you can see his fat belly swinging alive 2) the death scene at the end where the actress who plays Rosalie is killed She looks like she is listening to the instructions and needs her sweet time when she does 3) How about the guy who played Roaslie's dad, who gave us a dowdy poor man, Andy Griffith, The scene in which he laughs at scouts die was a strange scream In fact, it's a very bad movie and is very bad for the standards of 70s cheese, if you like, this is not a B-movie, but rather a Z-movie where producer Harry Novak deserves next to nothing.
