The first movie at home alone was a decent movie ... the sequel was pretty much the same in a new environment. This one tries to be original and succeeds to some degree ... of course the formula is basically the same, so it's like watching the same movie for the third time with a slightly different plot. The new score is pretty bad (though the new piece "Setting Traps," if nothing else, is interesting and different), especially in comparison to the big score of the first and the almost not so good score the second. It (almost) makes up for it by using a pretty good, not original music, but it's just not the same thing. The plot is fair and a bit original for the franchise, but basically it's the same movie as the first two, with worse acting and a less impressive example of the "weird character" that turns out to be good. Acting is usually inconspicuous. The characters are mostly cartoons. The new thieves are less entertaining than the old ones (and they make fun of espionage, which is almost criminal, given the limited amount of good spy stories, and how valuable only a few of them are cool). The fact that there are more of them (and therefore more traps) is only a weak attempt to reach a higher level than the first two films ... and it does not work. The idea behind the thieves and their mission is also a bit ... grown-up and serious for a children's movie (and there were one or two sexual jokes, though this is not the first time in the series). It is also unnecessarily complex, as is the plot in general. I could follow that, but I doubt a child could. Some of the exposures are so obvious that even children find them stupid. The animal stuff is generally not funny. There are fewer siblings, which means that those who are there are more developed, but they have less personality than those who are least represented in the first two films. All in all, just not great or worth seeing, unless you really love seeing criminals hurt by caricatures. I only recommend this to big fans of the series. 3.10
