This was one of those movies that played a lot on the radio in the early '70s, usually on the "4am Movie" or once, on the 19:30 "Channel 6 Big Movie" and another on Creature Double Feature if local It was time for broadcasters to play their local programs (mostly today in favor of the infomercial era). Some cheap Abbott and Costello wannabees (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are on a train with soldiers (half a dozen men in Army Surplus) being sent on field maneuvers to throw themselves into strange radiation and encounters to meet aliens. They first go to Bronson Canyon to the later famous Batcave on BATMAN and encounter the remains of a dead "carrot monster". Later, in the cave, they are chased by a living carrot creature - basically a man in a black suit and paper mache head with sparkling things on it and ping-pong ball eyes. Two of them - complete geeks, Ray and Ball - are captured and woken up at tables and fielded by Space Amazons - Dr. Ing. Poona (nooo joking!) And Professor Tanga "investigates" that are amazingly beautiful and even in her tight bikini moreso are "uniforms". At that time, we were still too young to realize which later bondage and fetish scenarios would more than suggest this "investigation scene". It turns out that the two girls and their carrot monster are stranded on earth with a well-hidden ship trying to return to their world. The movie was made as a total-flavored comedy with varying degrees of flavor, but remember, this was the time when Eric Von Zipper and his crew from Frankie and Annette were the height of B-movie and drive-in-comedy. Therefore, it seemed natural to get on the train for a few dollars. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I just thought that I had imagined that I would start this movie. No, I really saw it. And when it was released on a "restored" DVD, I was sure. The comedy goes from slightly funny to just stupid, but whatever happens now over 40 years later. The reward is the girls who want to learn about "love" and "kissing," and the result is the geeks that were all of us. Get the girls and love wins. It's just silly and stupid and has nostalgic meaning for the locations.
