Apparently, Shakespeare is a high brow, which in turn is like a group of people who do not see what it really is. At some point in this movie, someone (Pacino's producer, I think) warns that the movie is getting out of hand, that it was about how the masses think of RICHARD III's vehicle over Shakespeare. Instead, he decides to film a chopped piece with random comments. Some scenes seemed to be included as home videos for Al (was there really any reason for a quick visit to Shakespeare's birthplace except for a laugh about something unexpected happening there?), And before the movie really starts, we've started You are expected to see Al Prance and be cute and funny to the camera. I thought that his silly act with Kay was at the end of GODFATHER III with the knife at the throat ANAKT - but apparently Al is behaving personally. <br /> <br /> Enough hiking. Here's a shotgun that says why I did not even make it three-quarters of the way: 1) Assumption - Al always knows when the camera is pointed at him, whether he's acting as Richard or in a "real" conversation with someone - You can see it in the corner of his eye, some of the actors around the sample table are unrestrained and stubborn. If someone who reads this has ever spent time with a group of actors and has seen such things from the outside, it is unbearable. "Look at me and chew the whole landscape!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears as Lady Anne, this movie comes to a halt, from which he never recovers. She has nothing to add in the discussion scenes, but the camera stays on her to bring the kids. Your performance is terrible to boot. 3) The only things you really learn from it are told by the scholars the filmmakers are trying to get out of the picture. Of course, you also learn that Pacino should not direct (or Richard at all). I'd rather see BOBBY DEERFIELD than this. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the piece and learn it yourself. Go out and look at it. In 1997, I saw the play at the Ethnic Cultural Theater of the University of Washington, and it did what we see in this movie as a high school drama (except for the unused throat of Clarence! My God, was that necessary ?! ) It's all just a bunch of sound and rage, which means Nada.
