Wha-BAM! Someone had fun eating a whole load of acid mushrooms and then writing that crazy excuse for a movie. Author Howard Cohen adds a few extra S to the "Sword & Sorcery" concept, including sex, stupidity, (more) sex and sheer stupidity! This is not just a movie, but the dreams and fantasies of every young pervert become true! "Deathstalker" has it all: blood, violence, trolls, mud battles, rape attempts, successful rape, life-size pigs (!), Terrible hairstyles, horribly oiled muscular bodies, multi-sexual orgies, gay warriors, tournaments. to-the-death, crazy witches, dismemberment, ridiculous villains and breasts, tits, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" literally wipes the floor with his obvious role model "Conan: The Barbarian" when it comes to cheesiness and sheer extravagance. The story is obviously of secondary importance. Alone and gay (only he does not know yet) Warrior Deathstalker goes on a mission, as commanded by an annoying witch, to collect the three notorious elements of creation. or something like that. On his journey, he combines forces with a troll who has become a human being, a fighter even blacker than he is and not least a lush lady who does not really see the concept of bras as a great support. Together, they enter the kingdom of the ultimately evil Munkar, where they will take part in a warrior tournament and conquer at least two out of three elements. Munkar is a bald guy with half a cobweb on his skull and an impressive harem that would make even the richest oil sheik jealous. Okay, admittedly, "Deathstalker" is a pretty damn horrible and sometimes even unbearable movie. The combat sequences are lame and the costumes and make-up effects are extremely regrettable. For a moment, when I saw the opening sequence, I actually feared that I was watching "Troll; the Prequel". The monsters look incredibly cheesy and the opposite is menacing, but it's undeniable entertainment when you're in a modest mood. I suppose this is not a favorite among feminists because the overall presentation of women is somewhat discriminatory. Most women are exclusively eye candy in the harem. They are allowed to crawl naked on the ground and play around in the mud, but it is strictly forbidden to open their mouths. The two "leading" ladies (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are gorgeous, but to be honest, if their constantly exposed racks were not, they would hardly be worth mentioning.
