Syriana swept the critics on release and everything seemed to rave about it. I suppose it's one of those films that are very intelligent ... so intelligent that I think you need to know the oil industry and have a brilliant political spirit. I do not consider myself as unintelligent, I study politics since my early teens and enjoy a smart movie, but mostly when it's not about documentaries that are mainly entertaining and have a message. Syriana tried to be strictly intelligent and some people are turned away. I would even go so far as to say that those who rave about it and insist that it's a 10/10 lie because they think they look better. This movie was the most confusing, pointless, mindless dribble I've seen in a long time ... Especially considering the critical acclaim, the Oscar nod and the cast. Screenwriter Stephen Gaghan once again disappointed me. His terribly written Havoc preceded this movie and I think he just tries too much. I can not believe he was offered the opportunity to write the script for the Da Vinci Code. In addition, Gaghan has staged the film, which made him an absolute mess. I had no idea who someone was, why things happened, who and who was what and what. It was a disaster. <br /> <br /> Because I do not really know who someone is, I can only mention the actors and what I think of their performances because the actors were alright despite the frighteningly complicated script. George Clooney plays C.I.A. Field agent and assassin, I think? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been one of my favorites, but lately he has made some decent performances, and that seemed like a pretty good performance for him. Barnes was a complex character with a dirty story and if I knew what was going on with him I would have really enjoyed his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman and he is quite bland and always looks like a deer in the spotlight. I can understand his confusion after reading this script and then trying to do it. Amanda Peet plays his wife and she does well in the few scenes she has given. Christopher Plummer makes a cameo appearance as someone who does something. I like Plummer and I love to see him appear, even if he does not get top billing anymore. <br /> <br /> The cast is intense, if only history makes sense. I would like to quote the description of the presentation on IMDb exactly. "A missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: the heir of an emirate issues an oil contract to China, exiles a US company that immediately dismisses its immigrant workers, and merges it with a small Kazakh company Oil contract concluded The Ministry of Justice suspects bribery, and the oil company's law firm finds a scapegoat, and the CIA also needs one if the plan to kill the Emir appears to be failing Agent Bob Barnes, the casualty, seeks out the double-cross The economist writes The death of his son is a contract to advise the sheikh, whom the CIA wants to see dead.The unemployed Pakistanis join a fundamentalist group.All roads start and end in the oil fields. "WHAT!?!? Say who now? Syriana may be the movie of the thinking man, but it bored me to tears. No matter how hard I tried to stay, I finally gave up and put it down after an hour and a half, and you could not bribe me enough to make me finish it. I suppose, if you want to form an opinion, look at it in any case, but I promise you that someone looking for entertainment or a fun movie fell asleep in the first half hour. 1.10
