Woosh ?! Man?? What can I say ...? <br /> <br /> The opening scene maybe? We see a bunch of Mongoloid barbarians with bad makeup jumping off the walls of some ruins. They sneak around and attack a guy with a lightly dressed, captured girl. The guy runs away, the mungoloids follow him and one of them stays behind to rape the girl, but instead he exposes one of her breasts and kidnaps her. Then the guy (still on the run) sees a horse and tries to steal it. Suddenly?? A blond, godlike-looking hero with a bad wig appears and says, "This is my horse!". The mighty Deathstalker was just emerging. The Mongoloid arrive, Deathstalker kills them all (including the guy) with a rather inappropriate Mexicanos Western score (this is supposed to be a Swords & Sorcery strip, so what about the 'arriba trompettos'?) And then it's closing Captive girl and shows her two breasts. He starts rubbing her and Captive Girl seems to like it. She begins to like her lips and caress deathstalkers. Just as they are about to arrive, this old guy appears and interrupts the ending of a perfect day for Deathstalker (and a possible perfect ending to a short film). <br /> <br /> Tell me now ?? Is not this the point where either a feminist turns off the movie angrily or another male viewer says, "This is going to be a hell of a good movie!" The plot is as simple as throwing a kitten from the balcony: Deathstalkers must obtain the Sword of Justice and use it to steal the amulet of life and the cup of magic from the evil sorcerer Munkar beheadings, dismemberment, accidental bloodshed, delayed fistfights and embarrassing swordfights, this movie also contains a huge amount of t! ts & a $$ shots. At first I wanted to add an extra point to this movie, for every free shot of naked boobies that I could count. After 9 points (not even half of the film) I had to stop counting. That distracted me from the rest of the movie. And the rest of the movie was worth it. Totally crazy stuff. Look at this mutant cat / worm-like creature that has Munkar as a pet and feeds the eyeballs and fingers. And here's an interesting question: what would you do if a man in a woman's body stepped into your bedroom and tried to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: they beat him around a bit, take the knife away and then try to rape him. Then you discover that he is not really a woman, so throw him out of bed and ask him to leave your room. It works well, I tell you. Deathstalker does it too, and the Deathstalker Path is the way to go! <br /> <br /> DEATHSTALKER is a wonderful movie, as mentioned in other comments. The bad guys are mean. The women are delicious. There is blood, sex, violence, rape and delicious chicken. There is a completely pointless tournament where only a few barbarians are there to beat, hit and hack each other. My favorite weapon in this tournament was a giant mallet that beat a poor candidate for bloody pulp. And my favorite candidate was undoubtedly the one with the warthog's head (reminiscent of the Gamorrean Guards of RETURN OF JEDI). I'm not going to tell you how the movie ends, but just be prepared to get excited when I tell you that a 4-way decomposition is at the height of the film's inability throughout the movie. You see a guy being pulled over a dirt road behind a horse, and the next view shows him being pulled over grass (no road). See this great tattoo on the wizard's head that magically shifts the pages within the same scene (one shot is on the left side of the head, the other on the right). Well, Munkar is a magician. It's that, or this movie was filmed in an alternate universe where things like "continuity" just do not exist. <br /> <br /> As much as I enjoyed it and as much as I look forward to the other 3 In some installments of this series, I have enough decency not to let this movie pass. However, I am willing to give him the maximum number of minimum points, just to deduct a few more points for the possibly inferior consequences. DEATHSTALKER is a hilarious, trashy & sloppy CONAN rip-off, it's also a disgusting movie.
