Yesterday I searched through a Hollywood video when a friend was looking for a good-looking horror movie to watch the New Year's weekend. As I looked through the shelves, "Severed" noticed my eye and I grabbed it off the shelf and it looked like it could be a decent B-class horror movie. The cover looked pretty good. The action sounded semi-interesting. So I rented it. What a mistake. Do not be fooled by the cover, which actually looks decent. I think more money has been spent on the cover artwork than on the film itself. The film shows two policemen locating a voodoo-inspired, ritual serial killer named "The Head Hunter" in a nameless city (probably in Los Angeles) victims and victims beheaded, and they are drawn into his world ritualized murder. <br /> <br /> Story sounds good? Well, that's it, and this movie could have been reasonably decent. But my god, it was bad! Almost everything was ridiculous. The opening scene shows a red-haired actress in a car trying to talk about this huge, outdated phone. For whatever reason, she goes outside and talks to a man. Then a shadow appears behind them, chops off his head, and the girl falls to the ground and crawls (for no reason at all) while trying to choose 911. Sounds ridiculous? Yes, you can bet on that. The entire movie looks like it was filmed with a VHS quality camera, and I assume that was the case. The drama was mostly horrible and the special effects were anything but believable. And the scenes with the policemen on the phone were terrible - the voice in the other line echoed and it sounded like she was being picked up in a man's bathroom. Everything about this movie was just moody and boring and did not last long, and I was often bored and tired, mainly because of the bad acting and the awful cinematography. The pace was bad. Everything was just bad. All in all, "Severed" is a failed attempt at a decent B-movie. The plot was good and I think if this movie had been better treated and had a higher budget, it would have been alright. But this movie fell flat in the face. If you expect something decent, you will be very disappointed. Recommended only if you can tolerate D-Grade horror flicks. Otherwise, you should probably keep away from this garbage that is currently on video. It had a small potential, but it was not a mess. 1.10
