I have to admit that this "redesign" of the original 1968 movie was a big disappointment. Considering that this is a Tim Burton movie. He's definitely one of the most original and, let's face, cool directors Hollywood has produced. <br /> <br /> I'm personally a big fan of his work, but with his latest movie The Planet something went wrong the monkeys I really enjoyed the original movie. When it first came out, people were expecting just another Cheezie-70 science-fiction movie, but a very surprising and fully proven theory proved it wrong. It indeed had a clear message. An obvious anti-war message. The fear of the Cold War conquering the world and the fear of using nuclear weapons played a major role for the filmmakers. These reasons made the movie exceed all expectations and became an instant classic. Although the new movie, the "re-making" or whatever, does not matter. No message, no ideals behind it. It's just another money-minded summer blockbuster. <br /> <br /> Visually, Tim Burton will not let you down. The dark and scary settings were excellent and of course the make-up was great. <br /> <br /> Obviously that's not enough to get people interested in a movie. There has to be an exciting plot or action. In this film, the plot is most uninteresting and it is extremely poorly thought out. The script is very lame and full of holes. It looks like this movie was written in a hurry. The explanation of why the monkeys were there and why the planet dominated the planet was indeed very stupid and proved the ignorance of the scriptwriters br /> <br /> For example; Why did the monkeys speak English? Why were there other monkey species than chimpanzees on the planet (since only chimpanzees on the spaceship crashed on the planet)? How could a few chimpanzees develop into a huge monkey population of all kinds in just a few thousand years? (I mean, it took a few million years for us to move from monkey to man.) And in the end, the bad end of the surprise was just stupid. It was probably only thrown in because the original movie had such an ending, and he felt the audience expected the same ending. The end also raises many questions that I know have no intelligent answers. Did Theid learn to work the space ship, which was powerless, and learned to fly back in time and take over the earth with just one hand? And what was he doing with all the women? And let's say this would happen, I strongly doubt that the story would be the same, as if Washington was built the same as it is today! (I mean, instead of the memorial there is no huge banana?) Well, to say something positive about the movie. Part of the cast was great. Helen Bonham Carter's character was interesting and well played, as was Tim Roth as Theid. He was very good, a bit saturated in some parts of the movie. Michael Clark Duncan was fine, too. I was not satisfied with Marc Whalberg. He is not a big actor and plays a very macho-colorless character here. Very incorruptible and nothing compared to Heston's character in the original. And the main female character had neither a reason nor a place in the movie. She was just cast for the look. Hardly a word during the entire movie. <br /> <br /> Well, I think when people think about the planet of the monkeys, they will think about the original thought. The latest will soon be forgotten.
