This film is another attempt by director Tim Burton to use a familiar title to bring his "vision" to the screen. He did it with "Batman," "Sleepy Hollow," and so on. This is not a remake. The only thing it has in common with the original is that there are simians who can speak (and Charleton Heston makes a cameo). Burton has reconstituted the entire story and watered down for today's mass visitor education. <br /> <br /> The original Planet of the Apes was a product of its time. In the 1960s, America sought to redefine its civilization. It was a turbulent time of soul research and rethinking social norms. During the period of civil rights, groups long considered inferior demanded equal rights. In this context, POTA was allegorical, reflecting the philosophical turmoil faced by the spectators of the day. POTA was an extremely intelligent film that addressed difficult questions and elegantly examined the oppression of American society by causing the whites to justify their intelligence to a species he considered inferior. The Dialectics between Colonel Taylor (Charleton Heston), Dr. Cornelius (Roddy McDowall) and dr. Zira (Kim Hunter) was both subtle and obviously exciting and intelligent with irony. Burton's version is as much a product today as POTA was in the sixties. This is monkey for dummies. It is superficial and jejune, intelligent dialogue replaces politically correct platitudes and focuses more on form than on substance. The "surprise end" is totally inappropriate and does not contribute to the movie, except for a cliffhanger setting up the sequel. While the demise of the original POTA gracefully linked everything together in a powerful scene, Burton's end simply ridicules the audience and sneers, "I know something you do not know, and you have to wait for the sequel to find out. '<br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, as always with Burton, the film is always excellent. The make-up is fantastic and Burton's camera work is superb (though I still do not like his dark look). However, thirty-three years of prosthetic advancement can not compensate for the insultingly empty script. The story was reduced to a monster movie. People gather behind Captain Davidson (Mark Wahlberg) to fight the monstrous monkeys, backed by some woolen coats (especially Helena Bonham Carter as Ari). The presentation is formal and simple with a lot of violence, perfect for today's fast food mentality. <br /> <br /> The spectacle is mixed. Mark Wahlberg is a good actor who just plays wrong in this role. Walberg is great at playing dark, sullen characters that are tormented but strong. This part requires an inspirational hero, a profile that is not in Wahlberg's repertoire. Helena Bonham Carter is a brilliant actress whose character is so far below her ability that the split is laughable. She desperately tries to do something with the flimsy character, but her interpretation is like a cross between a college peace demonstrator and a dear sick teenager. <br /> <br /> Then there is Tim Roth. It is a virtuoso performance that saves the film from total destruction on its own. Roth is devilish like the evil General Thade. He creates one of the most villainous and despicable villains I can remember at some point. Moreover, his physical activity is superlative and makes a chimpanzee so perfect that you can almost believe the species exists. <br /> <br /> This movie is a big disappointment. It's decent conversation as long as you check your brain at the door. I rated it 3/10. From a technical point of view, it is much better, maybe a 9/10. The story, however, is an insult to the original franchise. It's just another attempt by Burton to love himself, using a familiar title to attract the crowd at the box office so that many people can see what a genius he is. Of course it is true, but it would be great if he used this talent to produce substantial films, rather than a simple-minded pop-phrases designed for mass consumption.
