If one thing annoys me the most, if I see a bad movie, then there are experienced filmmakers who should know better. This "new imagination" of the Planet of the Apes could have used some imagination, not to mention essential elements of character development. Nova, the girl on the original Planet of the Apes, was a better-developed character than Daena in this version, though she does not say a single word. Of Tim Burton, a man who used to combine an incredible visual imagination with intelligence, wit, and humor that you could not find in this production, you'd have expected much better plot development. The first big mistake was that people could talk. This was the fundamental difference between monkeys and men, which distinguished the difference in the original film. Even if he was dumb, his ability to communicate was what made Heston's Taylor stand out from other people. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages (speaking) human slaves to revolt, but there is no overwhelming reason why they have not already revolted and reclaimed their emancipation. They are skilled tool users and have the ability to communicate to formulate plans, something that dumb people can not. No man has to fall from the stars to save them. Since it comes from a technological civilization and is in a pre-technological era with no (first) any resources to help, it is Wahlberg, which must be disadvantaged, not the people who are used to living there. <br /> <br /> It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter working so hard to create a spark between herself and the unresponsive brick wall Mark Wahlberg. Her best scenes were with the rogue Tim Roth. <br /> <br /> People were practically ignored until needed in the third act. Daena actually began to care about Davidson (Wahlberg) and a boy The boy suddenly turned from part of the background into a lively gung-ho freedom fighter. This was a bad character development. (In particular, Estella Warren looked like she was capable of much more than she was credited with in the script). Wahlberg's confusion at the end about what these people see in him was certainly shared by me, as he has hardly come in contact with the people. <br /> <br /> The Monkeys Create: Half Plus and Two Minuses: Monkey The makeup was excellent for the men, especially for Michael Clarke Duncan, who has incredibly expressive eyes (which is why he is so good at The Green Mile was) and the make-up design allowed him to use it completely. But the female monkeys looked like nothing on earth, neither monkeys nor humans. The minuses were the monkey jumps that looked as realistic as Flash Gordon's rocket: jumping monkeys looked like they had just been fired from a catapult. Second, the bad sound mix - when the gorillas roar, it's clearly called by some animal, probably a cat, which makes them seem ridiculous and unrealistic. In the original film, the various "human" things are the case monkeys do and say they are treated as a slight relief ("I have never known a monkey I did not like." "See man, do man!"). Here, the monkeys talk just as factually as the people of the 21st century, and there is no humor at all. The only really original idea was that Ari wrote with her feet. <br /> <br /> Nothing frightened me more than the moment of the "Star Trek V-ger" at the end of the film. First of all, monkeys in the distant past had evidently been able to read Roman script to get to know the name of the forbidden zone in its partially hidden form. Second, the mysterious inscription that gives the name is just covered with sand that Wahlberg simply wipes away, something that every monkey could have done centuries ago. This moment was far worse for me than the very vicious end of the movie. However, things like this are typical of most of today's science fiction films. In the 60s and 70s they generally did not have the budget to convince futuristic sets, but they were really original subjects and ideas that were really scientifically invented. I think of 2001: A Space Odyssey, The Monkey Planet of 1967, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running and the Solaris of 1972. The first planet of the monkeys even used the only scientifically valid and physically possible method of temporal locomotion. However, this film contains just about every bad science-fiction cliché: space storms, anomalies and wormholes straight from Star Trek; the planets of the solar system and their moons, which are all apparently visible as large spheres (actually from one planet, all other bodies, even their own moons, are only points of light); a conventional rocket shuttle that goes to Earth from Saturn in a matter of minutes instead of years; Two millennia of equipment fully operational the minute the hero pushes the button. Not to mention a comfortable bulletproof inner glass door. In a contemporary environment, one would have to explain why * it was bulletproof, but because it's "science fiction," you do not have to! <br /> <br /> All in all, Burton's most disappointing movie.
