Spoiler alarm ?? although I think that this was spoiled from the tin? It's hard to imagine that a movie with these stars from this studio, which was made at that time, could be so terrible, but it is. It's by far the film's biggest mistake, it just does not make sense. <br /> <br /> The widowed American aristocrat Penn Gaylord leaves his little daughter "responsible" and goes to World War I where he is found dead. Then we dash to today (1942) and total confusion. The three sisters are in court where they allegedly spent the last twenty years, and an idiot named Barclay tries to take them home. This is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions that comprise the script and contain more holes than The Warren Report. What happened to the happiness of Gaylord? If the will is worth half a billion, why did the family's home go from an opulent palace to the house of the Munsters? Who the hell is this Barclay clown? And why can he take someone from home? The questions just stack up on more questions. <br /> <br /> The usually friendly and charming George Brent plays Barclay, who is inexplicably a total bastard who sweeps over all he wants, no matter who wants it to and without a bit of guilt; but nobody except Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) does not seem to like this cretin. Why? None of these questions will ever be answered. Instead, we just follow Fiona's life from one train crash to the next, the evil Barclay taking her home, her fortune and even her child. What is she doing? Shoot him? Set him on fire? No, too logical. In an utterly unlikely summary, this woman, who was previously romantically involved only with Barclay, decides rape except for the technique of marriage, suddenly in the middle of the sentence (literally) that she does not hate him, she loves him. And they will always live happily. This early female role model for independence and authority is suddenly and without reason transformed into the familiar, helpless ankle twist that is more common in movies of that time. Yes, sure, steal everything in the world that belongs to me and I will fall in love with you. On which planet does that happen? I can only guess why I did not hear this movie before I discovered it at Turner because it was as lost to the contemporary audience as it is today.
