I wish more movies would be two hours long. On the other hand, I wish that more American Civil War films would last only two hours. "Gone with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - that's about the length I expected; although these two talked for at least many hours; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as it happened because things happened in the course of the incident. By contrast, Ang Lee's movie is bloated and uneventful. It actually feels like it takes less than two hours. That was not a compliment. It really does not differ from any other form of sensory deprivation: at the time it feels like it will never end, after that it does not seem to have taken time. <br /> <br /> The movie goes awry on foot as Lee plays his endless credits ABOUT the opening footage (BAD MISTAKE), in which we meet some characters we will immediately reject and later hate. The central two are Jake, the son of German immigrants who are staunch supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, an equally confident Southerners whose values ​​Jake shares. (I had to reread this sentence to make sure I did not someday write "Jack" instead of "Jake" or vice versa.) The two go to "Bushwhackers" - southern militias who crave so much for revenge and violence that it is not even possible for them to join the official South Army, which I think is for Sissies. I'm afraid Lee lost me right away. For characters who make moral mistakes, it's easy to feel that if we have an independent reason for liking them, or if we feel they know them in some way, then their moral faults can all the more worry us , Not so here. We will not be properly introduced to Jake for at least an hour. If it is us, it becomes clear that it is a gum-free pimple of a man who is not made up of options, but out of habit. The kind of person who says and does what everyone around him says and does, whose psychology is purely imitative. The people with whom he is in contact are either equally or in an uninteresting positive evil. I always cheered when the Northern Cavalry appeared on the screen. I thought: good - kill the rebels, end the damned war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> To aggravate this problem is the terrible, terrible dialogue. Everyone speaks with the same southern accent. I have heard accents from all over the English-speaking world and this is the worst of them all. I do not care if the Southerners really talk like that, it's just not fair to ask an audience to hear it for two hours. And believe me, we'll listen to it for the whole two hours: Lee's picture is a talkative one, mainly because the characters take so long to say what they mean in their ungrammat, three times threefold, populous fool. It would help if they spoke faster, but not much. Can not these people find a more efficient language in which to communicate? <br /> <br /> In short: the film is small, but a gallery of uncharacteristically unattractive characters with no inner life who speak in an offensively ugly way. Speech that does not bathe often enough that nothing interesting happens to them, even though they are in one War are involved. Good arguments? Jewel was beautiful to look at, as was the landscape. But I also have complaints here. The cinematography looked nicely framed, as if someone had accidentally scanned a black and white color film; And as for Jewel, we were annoyed with her body, but we were never allowed to look at what I think are the least owed to us.
