** SPOILERS ** This was an ugly movie and I'm sorry I saw it. Like Jan Kounens Dobermann, it usually suffers from poor editing - or a lack of it. It's as if the director were so in love with his work that instead of slowing the movie down to a tempo that could hold your attention, he added all the material he'd shot together. There may be two cool scenes throughout the movie. One of them is * SPOILER *, when Benkei is petrified and the camera turns around him. That was cool - but okay, we got it! Please go ahead! The camera will not stop turning around this guy! There may be one or two other cool scenes that I've forgotten in this flood of mediocrity, but the last dueling scene is NOT one of them! It may be that Shanao is not masked in contrast to the earlier scenes with sword handling - but just because the director did not find a stuntman resembling Asano Tadanobu, he does not have the right to make 80% of swordplay with extreme close-ups of swordfights ! And all from the same point of view, I may add. The director should be from the 1995 produced Bullet Train Ninja movie The Hunted! Personally, I saw the village robbery scene as a tribute to the previous generation of social activists confronted by the police during their violent demonstrations in their sophomore years. The situation where innocence is repressed by an authoritative and armed government that is unwilling to understand seems to be a common message in the Japanese media, as socialists and communists, who are a political minority, have strong influence. The movie versions of GTO and Salary Man Kintaro are two more current examples. * END SPOILER * I do not understand that. I just do not understand why people who do not speak the language of the film find commendable material. Maybe the worst thing about the translation was lost. <br /> <br /> The end of the film - on which marketing played a lot - is another interpretation of the legendary encounter between Shanao and Benkei. But this legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, and it is so detached from contemporary themes that after 138 minutes of overdrawn visual techniques, who cares how the director wants to reinterpret history! Director Sasaki Hirohisa of Crazy Lips said there was an unpleasant trend among new Japanese directors to ignore the Japanese audience and direct their films to foreign film festivals - to gain international recognition faster. This works, although it makes no sense, because the purpose of an international film festival is to introduce the world to what kind of films are being made in other countries. What kind of films are observed in these countries? Certainly not gojoe and the like.
