Well, where should I start? I think I can start with the general complaint about the way of marketing this movie. Do not call me because you do not know about Schneebaum's book before you see the documentary based on it, and decide that I lived under a kind of rock, but do not blame me for watching this movie since the title and The description on the box does not indicate that this "documentary" is actually a companion to this book. Yes, I felt pretty stupid after seeing this little movie because the reason I sat down to even see it was to get a good dose of "Modern Cannibal Tale". I mean, am I a fool who expected this film to cover most of his story about the behavior of cannibalism in jungle tribes? I certainly did not expect an hour and forty-five minutes of an old geezer to kiss his own butt, crouching every last detail of his boring and exhausted life. I certainly did not expect the bland direction, and most of all I did not think that I would laugh so much at Tobias Schneebaum and all his detestable fame. Snow tree is indeed unlikely. The old man strips and mumbles the movie, making the whole picture a personal story, even if it's not even that interesting to fill a story. Really? He was a cannibal? Ninety percent of the film focuses on snow-tree's dirty past. The only time we can really see a cannibal action is when Tobias finally breaks his little silent treatment about what's going on in Peru and says he had "a little bit". That's it, people. Ninety minutes bull later and Tobias snow tree is a cannibal by three inches. It's like calling a movie "The Life of a True Don Juan", just to see that the protagonist of this movie only happens sexually when he "just played the tip". Incredible. <br /> <br /> The direction is indeed incredibly scary, because there is no flow or rhythm for the story being told. Okay, I understand that I did not read Snowbeam's tape before I saw his celluloid story about it, but I can still see a bad tempo and even worse editing. In a minute, Snowbear talks about cruise ships and tourism, and the next, he goes on and on about how he can not drive, and then jumps on a dead relative or a failed and miserable story in his life. I mean, Jesus, can you at least slap his backstory on the first part? with some information about his homosexuality and then end with a warm look at his visit to Peru? Besides, I'm not particularly interested in Schneebaum's shabby little jokes about life and limb, but at least I'm begging the old man to deal with his wanderings. When I hear a guy favoring life in the jungle, I do not expect him to suddenly twitter and groan that he wants to go home twenty minutes later. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another note about the direction are the random clips from the present story to the small television appearances in which our hero appeared. While some may find the clips a small break in the story, the director overused the gimmick and shattered his entire film, seemingly trying to make the most effort to tell the story on the old reels. > Bottom line, Tobias Schneebaum is a scam. Pure and easy. I know that I did not read the book, but I still hold to the argument that this film is useless when it determines that a good movie has to be on its own. This documentary is based too much on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of Schneebaum's work, and instead starts from this assumption as an additional DVD, which can be found on a DVD. Snowbear is both arrogant and bitchy, and suggests an acid combination when mixed with the fact that its story is remarkably uninteresting. If you're looking for a solid article on man's nature and cannibalism, turn away, because "Keep The River To Your Right" is an embarrassingly funny, self-serving hoax about a man who is overdue for a straitjacket and a long time over Gag.
