Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had extensive (separate) film careers before finally working together. For many of Stanis Vor-Stan's films, he was billed on the screen as Babe Hardy ... and throughout his adult life Hardy was known by his friends as a "babe". While toured Britain with Laurel in a music salon act for Bernard Delfont, Hardy gave an interview to journalist John McCabe explaining the origin of the nickname: In his acting career, Hardy was shaved by a gay barber who squeezed Hardy's big cheeks (those on his face) and said, "Nice baby!" Hardy's colleagues began to cry, "Babe," and the nickname got stuck. <br /> <br /> Although Hardy's Pre-Laurel work is very interesting - especially his comedy roles in support of Larry Semon and the successor to Chaplin, Billy West - his collaboration with Billy Ruge (who?) in a row of low-budget shorts for the Vim Comedy Film Company is indeed very grim. Hardy and Ruge got the names Plump and Runt: names that are uncomfortable on their own, but made worse because Ruge (though smaller than Hardy) is not a special run. Here, Hardy looks exactly like he did in his early Hal Roach films with Laurel ... but without the spooky bells and the sophisticated little mustache. <br /> <br /> 'One Too Many', an absolutely typical plunt and Runt Epic, is absolutely unsteady, and its richness is further enhanced by the fact that this movie has exactly the same premise as 'That's My Wife' the most comic films of Laurel and Hardy. Plump (Hardy) is the Star Pension in a house run by a tall, curly landlady. Runt (Ruge) is the carrier. Plump receives a letter from his wealthy uncle John, whose Dosh he expects to inherit. His uncle comes to see him and meet Plump's wife and baby. There is only one problem: Plump has no wife and no baby. He lied to his uncle to be a family man. Of course, Plump expects Runt to find him at short notice as a wife and baby. The results are of course catastrophic. It would be nice if those catastrophic results were funny, but not. Most of the listless humor is just an empty slapstick. The characters decide by pushing each other in bathtubs. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS COMING. Vim director Will Louis (who?) Shows no sense of the camera frame: The actress who plays the landlady is much larger than Hardy, and Louis consistently sets his minds so that her head gets out of control. That can be funny if you do it on purpose, but it's just incapable. At one point of this evil comedy, a hilarious gag crops up on the horizon as Runt approaches a black washerwoman. "Surely they would not make THAT laugh," I thought. But they do it. Runt steals the woman's black infant and tries to capture this as a descendant of Plump. <br /> <br /> Somehow Plump buys a baby cot, but he still does not have a baby. With Uncle John, who came up the stairs, Plump Runt turns for childhood. This gag may have worked with only a dwarf or even a really run-long actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is just barely below average size. Ruge's imitation of a baby is neither credible nor funny, and Uncle John would have to be an idiot to fall for it. Amazingly, he does that! <br /> <br /> The most notable aspect of "One Too Many" is a short appearance - apparently her only movie appearance - by Madelyn Saloshin, the first wife of Oliver Hardy. The marriage was not a happy one, though Hardy's marital problems never reached the epic proportions of Stan Laurel. <br /> <br /> Only one thing in this movie impressed me. There is a very short flashback sequence, in which Hardy recalls his beach romance with a bathing beauty. In 1916, there was no standard film grammar for relaying flashbacks: The one shown here is very elegant and simple. Too bad that this movie has no other merits. "One Too Many" is definitely a movie too much in Oliver Hardy's CV, and I only rate this movie as one of ten points. Laurel and Hardy together are definitely a lot funnier than both.
