It was a simpler time (the seventies), a simpler place (San Francisco), where a man could turn a simple film about a drugged psychotic crucifixion of Christ as a woman on acid with infinite dream sequences and cut scenes flashbacks during a multiethnic sex between the Genders, regardless of financial obligations or moral implications. <br /> <br /> This boring, slow, boring movie is the worst example of the kind of presumptuous artisanal mid-70s art passed. and I love it! Once this train of endless slow-motion zoom-ins and heavy, revered echo chamber guitar licks begins, you can no longer look on it until the ridiculous and absurd end is reached. It's a kind of cross between Jesus Christ Superstar, beyond the Valley of Dolls, and a really crappy acid ride with your parents on a waterbed. It's also a train accident, absolutely mesmerizing, and also a great snapshot of the worst (or best) elements of the B-class phyadelic film genre of the seventies. I'm just telling you the storyline because, due to the persistent, cross-processed flashbacks to events, which can not possibly have been told with characters who may not be able to do it themselves, and whose face was painted with a hippie freak, what happens to Knicks, who lurk endlessly in banal sequences of performance mimes like street theater. <br /> <br /> "Logan" is a really annoying Iconoclast filmmaker who shouts at people and is surrounded by a mostly dumb movie crew, always draining acid and seemingly having bad orgies. Richard Dreyfus has a supporting role as what the accountant seems to be. The film crew seems to hate him for some reason and breaks out into maniacal laughter, perhaps to torment him. "Suzanne," the title character, is a willowy blonde woman who steps empty-handed into the universe and comforts the completely crazy "artist" character. By the way, "the artist" is going completely crazy. Either from his unrestrained transposition or the incredible awfulness of his pictures. of course horrible act of Susanne. There are some other characters who happen to pop up, a cigar cheating the "man" sign. Who is hot for Suzanne, I think. He has a monologue. I never really figured out what he had to do with the story, except that everyone had to hate "the man" and you could not make a movie without him. There is also a dumb girl. The mute girl pays off, trust me, it's incredibly stupid.
