Thoughtless dribbling about the second coming of Christ in the form of a hippie and albinos that look like Sandra Locke. You have no idea what's happening on the screen with the irritating titletrack "Suzanne," which is replayed throughout the movie until "The Second Coming of Suzanne" is over, you already know that you forget it, no matter how much You forget it all. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker Logan Jared Martin, a maker of taps films, wants to turn the movie of the century, but is so rude and vile that it is not in the banking world to finance his project if you plan on your own Fooling, Logan discovers this couple in a beach cafe and is fascinated by the young woman Suzanne, Sandra Locke, who reminds him of someone he has known in another life: Jesus Christ. <br /> <br /> With Logan's assistant and the surrounding Gofer Clavius, Richard Dreyfuss, somehow the bank received a loan of $ 740,000.00 to fund Logan's masterpiece. He begins to work on Suzanne by flattering her with her talent as an actress to interest her in his film. The result is that not only does Suzanne leave her friend Simon, Paul Sand, but that Simon later feels so depressed and feels alone, puts a gun in his mouth and blows out his brain. <br /> <br /> The film also has two somewhat disjointed deals related to the young autistic girl Dorothy, Kari Avalos, who was cured of her autism by Suzanne after all others, in the psychiatric clinic she had committed failed. It is not really known what exactly Suzanne did in the hospital, but she seemed to be a decent or volunteer helper there. Should that show in the audience that, like Jesus, it miraculously healed the sick? <br /> <br /> There is also this newspaper columnist and big businessman tycoon, Jackson Barry, Gene Barry, who both seems to have gone through a severe mid-life crisis or seen a biblical vision that has changed his life forever. Sinclair had searched the whole movie for the meaning of life and wanted to know why there is so much suffering in the world, as in this movie, and he seemed to have found the answer when he first did it looked at Suzanne. Sinclair also got a head in his head when his private chauffeur David, Mark Rasmusser, grew tired of his crazy and crazy hallucinations that nearly ran him along a cliff along a Pacific coast. The movie "The Second Coming of Suzanne "continues with a series of disjointed sequences, which are likely to be filled or filled up by his director and film editor in some time, and then continues on to his final scene in a Christian crucifixion as Logan has all the cameras moving. It turned out that crazy Logan was so carried away by his masterpiece as he was trying to replicate on the helpless and bound Suzanne the actual crucifixion of Jesus Christ 2000 years ago. Difficult to follow through and almost impossible to follow "The Second Coming of Suzanne" puts you through the same kind of torture that Suzanne is done by Logan and the creators of the film. The film tries to be artistic, but that's just an excuse to cover up its mindless and non-existent plot, and worse is the terrible and amateurish action of all involved.
