96 minutes of it are cruel ... and I love the old Minster. Yes, the action is a matter; yes, the lines are banal; But whoever was there was not a fan. There are so many "intrigues" (and I use that word with a long pause) that I'm wondering if it's an old Starsky & Hutch episode. I did not count how many times I noticed that Make-up had missed a spot near the collar. Since manufacturers refused to admit that since the mid-60s (ridiculous) time had passed, the producers replaced Marilyn & Eddie with younger actors. Why do not you let them grow and age? The addition of a reunion to Addam's family style does not add to the Halloween party's taste. <br /> <br /> Opa & Herman fly in a few hours to Transylvania and back (absurdly) the most incredible character (I include the bad robots) as he chatters an unaffected combination of gibberish and Yiddish, but claims to be an old Arab ruler. And yes, it looks like the laugh trail is missing. In fact, there are several places where there is dead air, as if the salmon track should be inserted later. The actors seem to be waiting for the wrong audience. It is not ridiculous. it is sad. Oh, and the best! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line to show you how little the authors and producers were. Marilyn says something like, "Where could Uncle Herman and Grandpa be? You could have had an accident, you might have been hit by a car or a train!" Lily says, answering with something like, "You're Uncle Herman when he gets off the train." The amazing thing is: Yvonne DeCarlos husband was a stuntman in the early '60s, lost a leg and was almost killed in a pull stunt. He never recovered and that devastated her family financially. (Look at Biography's fantastic review of her life and career.) This line could easily be changed to make her more sensitive. <br /> <br /> If you're a real fan of Munster fans, you need to hire RENT for this mess. It shows how some things are better left alone. Even with the (almost) original cast this is almost as bad as the remake of the show a few years ago.
