To be clear from the beginning, "The Bagman" is very, very, very bad. It suffers terribly in almost all aspects, with one exception: the finished product is such a horrible movie that it's actually hysterically funny to watch. This is a very bad movie. Budget constraints for the movie should be obvious to anyone who considers only the title track of the first title. I'm not sure if much of the humor in the movie was intended or not. For example, the film takes place in "Doomsville". Note to all potential home buyers: If the city you are moving into is called "Doomsville", keep going. Stephanie Beaton quickly pulls off her top for a pretty enthusiastic sex scene in the kitchen. I could not help but laugh because it deliberately has humor (it turns on the gas stove ... you know, the sex is so hot, you understand?) And unintentional humor. The unintentional in this case is the music. It's like the theme music for "Chariots of Fire" by Electronica. Break the computer and the synthesizers! It's clear to me that designing music for a small production like this one is going to cost a lot. I really feel for her because the work here is so well meant. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I have not laughed so hard at sex on the screen since 'Alone in the Dark' with this 'Seven Seconds' song. Even the credits are funny. Intentionally or not? They are the judge: A dog and a cat are part of the recognized cast - and an animal hunter was on set for them! - The boom is credited to "Mr. B. Stick," and the 3rd Unit Wardrobe (Yep, they had a third unit) was credited to K-Mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think the hilarity of this movie saves the movie more than. The film is very, very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and her family are so well-intentioned in 'The Bagman' that you can not help but like the movie they produced. 'The Bagman' is bad, but not terrible. In his own sweet way, it even manages to be a little adorable. It carries its defects so honestly that one can not help but forgive them. "Better" films that try to hide the flaws are in some ways almost worse. I think this is just a movie that knew who its audience was and produced accordingly. <br /> <br /> Watch any number of films, and most will probably be much better. Some of them may look cheaper or have a worse-looking value or a dumber production value. You can not suffer as terribly as "The Bagman" with terrible editing, sound and Foley effects. Mr. B. Stick did not do a very good job. The special effects seem to be where most of the money was spent. They are humorous rather than cruel, although when the 'bagman' is finally unmasked, the make-up job is done surprisingly well there. <br /> <br /> My 4 out of 10 points are a bit high but the humor helped a lot. This is an ideal movie to catch a night out with some friends and a few beers in hand. Anyone who seriously considers themselves a B-movie or low-budget movie lover will enjoy great entertainment. Everyone else should probably handle big prejudices.
