"The Bubble" is an attempt to make a gay Romeo & Juliet story with an Israeli and a Palestinian, though it seems to sound through "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210". The characters are flat and banal, as well as the dialogue and the plotting line. The movie seems to be torn between fluff and depth. On the one hand, there is a deliberate attempt to be shallow, because (in one example of many) some smaller characters even ask questions that invite conflicts to evolve, and answers such as, "Hey, we're here to make a poster for a rave Be Not Political! "Aside from the apparent absurdity of such a line, it's only one of many fucking fists that the movie is as hollow and insignificant as its title suggests. On the other hand, the main claim of the film in depth follows the lovers to a presentation of "Bent," a play about gays in a Nazi labor camp. The scene on stage is awkward, undermining her erotic power (understandable in the face of movie-era constraints, but this could have been handled much better) and looks as dissimilar as the rest of the movie. Too bad. This game deserves much more. <br /> <br /> The characters are so one-dimensional checkered, some even have names that telegraph their entire (though the word seems inappropriate here). The aggressive soldier from the cracked Golani Brigade is called "Golan". The militant Palestinian is called "Jihad". The aspiring Faghag roommate is "Lulu". Anyone familiar with the checkpoints and life in Palestine, whether from real life or from documentaries, will find the checkpoint scenes as absurdly unreal as ?? Well, the rest of this fluffy fantasy. When a Palestinian records the fastest work that is known, the Israeli soldiers are concerned and helpful, an ambulance will appear in minutes. (The result of the birth is to call the Palestinians little appreciative of Israel's charity and even paranoiac.) Overall, the checkpoint is presented as a mere nuisance, not as a series of bone-suppressing, soul-destroying, humiliating obstacles, irrespective of medical care or necessity at birth, death or serious illness. Ashraf, the Palestinian lover, seems to be coming to Tel Aviv with no problems, no papers and no problems from Nablus. He only appears whenever he wants. If the Israelis want to get away, this is more of a challenge, a system that is worthy of Lucy Ricardo. With the supportive Israelis and the surly, homophobic Palestinians in mind, we move to a solution that is totally lacking in motivation or purpose? except as a painfully obvious dramatic remedy to milk sympathy for the forbidden lovers. <br /> <br /> Gay Israeli-Palestinian romance was treated on stage with much more skill and depth than in Saleem's "Salaam / Shalom", so this movie is not even as groundbreaking as some people would like to think , <br /> <br /> Wonderfully bad movies? like the works of Ed Wood - at least they have some striking idiosyncrasies to distinguish them. This does not even have the goal. Most of the soundtracks sound like Quaaludes like Simon and Garfunkel, and even with the odd influences of gay sex scenes, the general incompetence that permeates this movie plays like a mediocre television movie of the week.
