I saw Crispin Glovers "What is this?" at the Ann Arbor Film Festival. Granted, the movie had at least a fitting name, because I had the impression that even the author / director could not give an answer. In the question and answer session after the screening, Mr. Glover said the film was originally meant to be a short film to show the virtue of using Down's Syndrome actors. However, this is not a reason to make a movie. Actors, in my opinion, are building blocks for a bigger vision - a bigger vision that seemed confused at best and absent at worst. Crispin Glover also said he wanted to address taboo topics. Well, he does. But why? The film seems to have no attitude, no reason to speak. Does he feel that these things should not be taboo? The film does not even give me an indication. Taboo for taboo is not interesting. It can not even afford to worry or disturb the taboo at any level because it has not interested the audience in any way. <br /> <br /> For a moment ignoring the problems with the concept, I was most shocked at how bad the film was put together. The cut, cinematography and other technical aspects often seemed to be extremely amateurish. Glover said $ 125-150 thousand went into the movie, and I think the money should have been spent on different designers (Glover designed something himself - I know I've at least seen sound design in the credits). The painted sets are fine (not great) but are poorly used. Parts seem like a photographic stage play - which would be fine if this would lead to a specific purpose, but in Glover's hands it just feels sloppy. Other parts are filmed like a kind of home movie, of inferior quality than what I see on iMovie for the first time. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the biggest problem with "What Is It?" I can not even understand how serious the movie is. There are some parts that feel like Glover is making you think seriously. Elsewhere, he seems to be out of fun. Maybe he wanted that to be ironic or meaningful in any way, but I just felt that Glover could not even get serious attention to his film. Glover said he originally wanted it to be a short film. If only it had been. At seventy-two minutes, the visuals and ideas in the first twenty are no longer enough, and it is questionable whether the ideas were formulated to exist at all for that time.
