Valentine went out of his way to stop it from just another teenage Slasher movie, a sub-genre of horror movies that we've seen so many in the past decade. I've heard many people complain that the movie is ripping off several previous horror movies, including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie. And as much as I hate being redundant, the rip-off is so blatant that it's impossible not to say anything. The punch bowl over the poor Jeremy's head at the beginning of the movie was so obviously taken by Carrie that she did it could have said as well in the movie ('Hey everyone, this is the director), and the following is my Carrie rip-off scene. Have fun! '). But that's just a suggestion. <br /> <br /> (spoiler) The film is structured piece by piece just like any other goofy teen thriller. We get to know a girl in the beginning, she's killed, people wonder at the old oh, but the stuff that only happens to other people, and then they start getting killed. The problem here is that the director and the writers want the movie to be clear and honest in order to keep the movie mysterious and exciting, but they have no idea how to do it. Take Jason, for example. Here is this hopelessly arrogant guy who is so busy with herself and bad with women that he checks the date on what each person had, and as one of the first characters in the movie after the short history lesson about how bad it is sharing poor Jeremy has been treated, it is believed that he has some meaning. Besides, and more importantly, he has the same initials as the little boy who terrorized all girls in sixth grade, and the same initials signed at the bottom of all those vicious Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It's not uncommon for audiences to be deliberately and sometimes successfully misled by the behavior of one or more characters who appear to be prime suspects. Jason is a perfect example of the effort, but not such a good example of a successful attempt. Sure, I thought for a while that he could be the killer, but that's not the point. We know from the beginning that he is terrible with women, which connects him with the little boy at the beginning of the movie, but then in the middle of the movie he appears at a party and whispers to two of the main girls. and then gives them a hateful look and disappears from the party and the movie without explanation. We already know he's a cardboard figure, but his role in the movie was so poorly thought out that they simply kicked him out completely when they were done with him. <br /> <br /> Positive is that the killer is true In fact, the identity was at least a subtle way, which unfortunately was another rip-off, difficult to predict. At the beginning of the film, when Shelley stabbed the killer with his own scalpel in the leg, he makes no sound and indicates that the killer is a woman who is silent to prevent her from revealing herself as a woman , and not as a man, as everyone suspects. But for the rest of the movie, we just have this rigid, relentless, unstoppable killer with the emotionless mask and huge butcher's knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who looks with all due respect as having trouble with the girls themselves in sixth grade) mentions that he was influenced by Halloween. Of course that's completely unnecessary because it's so obvious how badly he plagiarized the movie. The only difference between the killer in Valentine and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was so much more effective and he had no nosebleed problem. This stuff is shameless. <br /> <br /> In the end, there is a brief attempt to mislead who the killer is (complete with slow and protracted masks removal), but then we see Adam's nose begin to bleed, as he holds Kate, his often hesitant girlfriend, and we know he was the killer all the time. Nothing in the movie suggested he could be the killer until the very end, and those inexplicable nosebleeds were not the smartest way to identify the true murderer at the end of the film. Valentine is not scary (I watched it alone in an empty house after midnight, and I'm afraid of the dark for as long as I can remember, and even I was not scared), and the characters might be interested, if not so obvious would be that they would just die. I remember that I was impressed by the theatrical previews (although the movie was faster in and out of the theater than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same.
