Mild SPOILERS contained herein. I spoil this movie to save you the trouble of looking at it. <br /> <br /> Jet Li's films fall into one of two categories: Shaolin-era films and modern Hong Kong films about triad or triad-like organizations. Every genre has its best and worst films. "Twin Warriors" is the best movie of the Shaolin era by Jet Li, while "The Evil Cult" is its worst. "Fist of the Legend", while in the recent past the best Jet Li movie is the "modern era". "Black Mask" is undoubtedly the worst. <br /> <br /> Jet Li plays a self-extinguished mercenary who has received an injection that gives him superhuman abilities, but shortens his life. In his "new life" in exile, he plays a pacifist librarian. As his old mercenary squad rages, Jet Li becomes a self-justice determined to stop her. He uses a very stupid corrugated mask to hide his identity from the police (and the public) as a librarian and to hide his true identity in the arms of his former comrades. <br /> <br /> The version I saw was dubbed, and that was terrible. Why does Jet Li capture his library staff when he's a pacifist? Is there a love story between them? Why does not the police chief care if he learns of the true identity of the black mask? The plot is just bad. Bad by the superhero cheese dairy, bad in the sense that characters are never properly developed, bad in their character interactions, crowned by a half-explained story that I quickly lost interest in, and martial arts sequences are far surpassed. There's a lot of blood, blood (ripped body parts galore), explosions, and super-martial martial arts in the Matrix style. Unfortunately, this is the best movie and the only selling point. If you want to see Jet Li playing a vigilance superhero in a Mission Impossible movie, deliver 'Black Mask'. For the rest of us, Jet Li fans is a real disappointment. This is one of those films in which Jet Li can never be Jet Li: he has neither the chance to charm us with his charisma nor the chance to impress us with his impressive but realistic martial arts. <br /> <br /> Usually, a Chinese attack on Ozzy Osbourne will be enough to get me into a movie. Unfortunately, "Black Mask" has turned out to be an exception to this rule. The antagonist of this film looks like the modern and old Ozzy Osbourne by the way he dresses, his long straight hair and his characteristic round sunglasses. The rogue, however, is not on the screen long enough to make the gimmick worthwhile. I assume that the resemblance to Ozzy was intended; In addition to the look of the villain, he also performed a satanic-looking hiding place. So much more could have been done with the Ozzy Osbourne villain gimmick! If only the author, director or ANYONE had bothered to give the movie's bowman a background and develop it! <br /> <br /> `Black Mask 'was the first Jet Li movie to be released in the USA on video after Lethal Weapon 4, and I am glad I have stayed away from it until now. It may have ruined my entire perception of Jet Li as a martial artist and actor. If you want to see Jet Li at its worst, hire "Black Mask" and "The Evil Cult" and make it a double feature or horror, both intentionally and unintentionally. Otherwise, stick to movements that use the talents of Jet Li, and have plans that are half-thought out and plausible. 3/9 stars.
