Impressive. If you watch this movie today, you can not help but be appalled by the writing of this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young play a couple that could be seen on the Jerry Springer Show these days - having a sick and abusive relationship ... and inexplicably the authors seem to support it! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a hungry and homeless Loretta shown by the poor but very resourceful Spencer Tracy. He teaches her how to do very little with little money and brings her to his cabin to stay there. It's never clear whether they marry or not - and if it's a pre-code movie, you can assume that they do not live together, even though they live together. Their relationship is very strange ... and pretty sick. While you can see that Tracy cares about her through his actions, he is verbally insulting and a total jerk - and Young runs back to find more of a kind of dog. He calls them "thin" or "ugly" and this is a sick way to use caresses! Later, when he starts fooling around with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her friend if that's what he wants, that's okay with her !!! It certainly smells like a sado-masochistic relationship, and you can not help but be appalled. Sure, he does not meet her, but the relationship is very abusive. To show how sick it is when Young gets pregnant, she tells him, "... it's your baby and it's mine, but you do not have to worry, I'll take all the blame for that!" ! Yikes! Does not all this seem like a peek through a peephole into a sick and dysfunctional home ?! Later, in a case where art imitates life, Tracy proves what sort of man he is and disappears. After all, he can not be burdened with a baby - even if it's his. However, he changes his mind and decides to return home. Wow ... that's a bit of him! And when he comes back, he is evil and behaves, if he stays, he is not obliged to take care of the boy !! And she tells him that he is "a free man ... free as a bird"! Wow, I was almost in tears at that tender moment ... NOT! Soon these crazy couples are married ... and of course Young is depressed because he seems to stay as long as he pleases - not because of love or responsibility. So how can you save something with this kind of sick character? What would you do? Well, as far as the authors are concerned, Tracy soon made a robbery to pay for the brats! The romantic aspects of the film are, to say the least, not particularly intoxicating! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like a jerk - he's doing almost nothing to make arrangements so as not to get caught - as if secretly hoping to be sent to jail. And to show what a nice guy he is, the guy he tries to rob is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> Even though the movie contains more, Tracy is an idiot. Young is an idiot in the movie. Although both are very good actors, they can do absolutely nothing with this crap that the authors produce. Nice music, nice sets, good acting ... and a 100% Poo script. As the movie is currently rated at 7.4, I'm a mystery and I'm wondering how anyone can ignore the sheer awfulness of the characters. A terrible misfire that somehow did not destroy the careers of those involved. Oh, and if you're wondering if Loretta EVERYONE gets a backbone in this movie or plays a person who is the least strong, the answer is NO! In the end she learned nothing and did not change anything. <br /> <br /> You certainly will not make films like they used to ... and in that case ... thank God!
