Can contain spoilers !!!! So I saw this movie last night on LMN (Lifetime Movie Network), which is NOT known to show high quality movies. This movie is terrible! I'm still surprised that I saw the whole thing because it was awful. Could this film contain more stereotypes? (Jewish mother harp who wants the son to become a doctor, a catholic family with priest sons, big big crucifixes in every room shown in the catholic family house, mexican whores, "bad" guy who is a softie in the heart , incredibly bad rural accents) GAG !!!! At first I was fascinated by the fact that I had never heard of this movie before. After seeing Cheryl Pollack and Corin Nemec in it, I decided to stay awake until 4 am to look at him. the only redeeming thing about this movie is the beauty of girl amick. I suspect Pollack and Nemec's acting is okay, but they have a horrible script that they can work with. Unlike the other reviewers who commented on the lack of Texas accents (the movie is supposed to be in Austin and few people have a twang), I think the accents were there (in supportive characters like Mary Margaret's date and John) and were unnecessary. They were very, very bad too. I'm so tired of hollywood's "southern" accents that do not sound like the area the accent is supposed to come from. and since it was supposed to be in Austin in 1991, and shooting there in 1991 would not have been expensive, I would have expected well-known footage of the city: the beautiful Capitol building, the UT tower lit for a winning football game. etc. None of it was there. It also takes about 5-6 hours to drive from Austin to Mexico. sometime in the movie, michael and his posse move to mexico to lose their virginity and drive off in the dark (during summer and early fall, austin does not get dark until about 9pm), spend time in mexico, get drunk and have sex with Mexican whores (is there any other way?) and then return to Austin at dawn. While this is theoretically possible, it is NOT very likely. And if someone started school in the hills (usually in the third week of august, but possibly in september 1960), they know that they DO NOT wear their mail jackets if they do not want to give up heat stroke !!!! ! in august and september in austin and surroundings it's over 90 degrees. Only people without body temperature would be stupid enough to wear sweaters or letter jackets on the first day of school. All in all, a very bad TV experience.
