This miniseries, which was promoted by Channel Seven in Australia as "blank history", is dashed in the first five minutes by washing through the titular character's childhood and youth in less time than being a good director for setting up a single event needed. This cowardice and self-censorship of the fear of offending someone permeates the series and is ultimately responsible for the failure. Robert Carlyle performs a valiant feat as the most hated man of the twentieth century, but he is hampered by two things. The lack of a decent dialogue coach in the show makes his heritage in the north of Britain seem blind by his physical appearance, and the dialogue is sometimes really miserable. The fact that Hitler grew up in a Catholic family is apparently forbidden, but it is okay to insult millions of Vikings and their descendants by letting Carlyle spit out the most ridiculous lines about Walhalla. Well, here's a clue to the writers - every person familiar with Viking mythology will tell you that Walhalla is about the embodiment of honor and power, two things the Nazis quickly favor rat puzzles and backslide have made. Until we can wake up to ourselves and realize that the reason why Hitler was never excommunicated from the Catholic Church is that he would require the embarrassing recognition that he once was a member, we will never know what that terrible one is Time of world history has to teach us. <br /> <br /> So, after we managed to insult the Vikings and the citizens of the Scandinavian countries in this scam, you would think that the series would stop there, but not. The listing of Stockard Channing in the opening credits was particularly striking, as her voice could not be heard for more than thirty seconds during the credits and her face could be seen. This made it clear that more footage was shot of Hitler's early days, but not included, because of a fear of offending someone who scared a typical nanny state. It is also rather ironic that the films or mini-series that give a much better insight into Hilter's character do not mark him at all. Until we learn to shed light on the truth and realize that the citizens of Germany, Hitler's views were mostly not contradicted, and not necessarily out of ignorance. We will never learn to deal with the fact that subversion of democracy (yes, Germany was a democracy before Hitler) can happen everywhere, we are doomed to failure. That's the only thing that really set this mini series in the limelight. Unfortunately, this element is lost when trying to make Hitler's religious belief appear as that of a much more brave people, and the inability to scratch the surface in any area of ​​the subject. The show of David Letterman had a catch as they delivered short satirical sections about the series. You could as well have done a family sitcom with him as a star, it was written so badly. <br /> <br /> All in all, this politically correct Farce of a Bio-Pic, however, is not worth a few points, but I have given it two, because Robert Carlyle definitely deserves better material than this, and he is talking about the only thing it works in it.
