There are so many word games for the title of the spectacularly bad Valentine that I do not know where to start. I will say that anyway. Here is a movie that yearns for the complexity of Valentine's cards we spent in elementary school. Do you know that call with Batman "You're a super crime-fighting valentine!" <br /> <br /> Valentine is a Slasher movie without the slightest hint of irony, one of the few horror films of recent years ignoring the influence of Scream. The villain is omniscient and almost invulnerable. The heroes are easily scared when people run around corners and grab them by the shoulders and "HeyIjustleftmycoatbehind!" The score is more presumptuous than the mother of Norman Bates. <br /> <br /> The weak story follows several childhood friends who are now adults and extremely curvy. As the movie gives them nothing else to do, they stand around waiting for a masked stalker to kill them one at a time. This stalker seems to be former nerd Jeremy Melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. As Valentine's Day approaches, women begin to receive frightening cards that predict their fate. Melton seems to be the obvious suspect. The only problem, as many characters warn, is that Melton could have changed his appearance in thirteen years to look good. So (terribly gasp): Everyone is suspicious! <br /> <br /> Here is the problem. To have a sense of excitement when looking at Valentine, you have to accept a reality in which a high school nerd can become David Boreanaz. Nerds do not turn into Angel when they grow up, they become older, stupid nerds. He's not a terrible actor, but the script gives him, and no less than four writers and the rest of the cast, nothing to do but scream and understand. Denise Richards (the busty Hollywood actress never seen in Baywatch) is particularly exploited; most shamelessly in the blatant excuse of pulling her into a swimsuit just before a decisive tension. Note to myself: Always bring a bathing suit to a Valentine's Day party. Just because it's February does not mean that you do not feel like swimming a little. <br /> <br /> The Slasher in Valentine dresses is decorated from head to toe with a cherub mask in black. Here's the problem number two. The filmmakers clearly said that this would be a disturbing picture on the head of a man slapping people with hot irons on his face. It's not easy and simple. Instead, I wondered how a man with a mask covering his entire face, including his eyes and ears, could move so unobtrusively without bumping his shin on chairs or tables. On the other hand, when it comes to the things the Cupid killer does, he may be able to teleport and his eyes are on his hands. <br /> <br /> The movie is not only bad, it does not know who the killer is. the last "twist" is more "huh?" as "Hah!" If you do not scratch your head, you yawn, then groan and look for the nearest exit. Do not look at this movie. Even if you are alone on Valentine's Day, you will find something EVERYTHING you have to do otherwise. You will not regret it.
