** SPOILERS ** The sexy gold digger Isabelle Collins and Susan Tucci from the Middle Ages have made a bit ridiculous for TV movies, making a number for every man she comes in contact with. First victorious over her heart, then over her wallets and then, when she did not need anything for her, thrown into the wastebasket, like a used Kleenex handkerchief. Isabelle's first victim is none other than her abuse. when he prevented Isabelle from invading his bank account, husband Stewart, John O'Hurley. Later in the film, when Isabelle is very friendly with former plumber and yacht salesman Richard Davis, Philip Casnoff, she has, without really saying that the totally in love Richard got a contract about her unsuspecting husband life. Once released from prison, Daggett, Nicholas Campbell, learns that he did the job with Stewart Richard, and quickly discovers that he did not get exactly what he paid for, amounting to $ 15,000 , 00 in cash /> <br /> A bit too greedy Daggett not only knocked over Stewart's brain, but also took a solid gold watch, which Stewart offered to spit his life as well. The watch easily tracked back to Daggett when he tried to pledge her at a local jewelry store, where he was quickly arrested. With Doggett focusing on who hired him to beat Stewart, it does not take long for Stewart to be arrested, hiring Doggett, the murderer of Isabelle, as ex-plumber and yacht salesman Richard Davis. Davis' arrest by the police happens just as he and Isabelle take vows in a local church! <br /> <br /> Isabelle manipulates everyone, excluding men, who come in their own hands, pulling them over to do their dirty work. Playing the role of the naïve housewife, the widow, the lover or even the customer Isabelle seems to have a charming life that is always one step ahead of the law and the police. No matter what she does, Isabelle covers her so well that it is almost impossible to confine her to others who commit many crimes she commits in a second party in the film. <br /> After her, both figuratively As well as in the literal sense, her first husband Steven met her second husband for less than ten seconds, Richard and finally her or Richard lawyer Gavin Kendrick, Kamar De Los Rey, Isabelle knows that it's only one time before the Police are smart to her. After the D.A got both Richard and Kendrick to make evidence against her, Isabelle now knows that everything is close and she takes her last step. To make it all right, Isabelle and her 10-year-old daughter Ruby, Lauren Collins, send all their money overseas to the passport office to get passports, passports and leave the country. <br /> It's when the smart ones Isabelle makes her first and possibly last and fatal flaw in the movie. Isabelle is told by the passport official, Don Carrier, that she has to wait a full 48 hours for her, and Ruby's passport must be cleared! Just enough time for the police to find and arrest them! A fancy ending that speaks against almost everything and every ethic in a movie Noir or Crime. An end that will not only blow you away, but also your idea of ​​what's right and wrong in the world!
