I'm in Iraq right now and doing a job that gives a lot of time to watch movies. We also have access to numerous pirated films. This gem came with 11 other films and this is by far the worst I have seen in a long time. I've seen a few other reviews claiming that this movie does not take itself too seriously, but I think that's a veiling of the fact that it's horrible. There is no tongue in cheek, the authors really thought they would improve the movie Blade. This movie is just one level above Vampire Assassin. If you have not seen anything, I recommend it. At least this movie is so incredibly bad that you'll laugh more than you thought possible. That's right at the point where there are no redeeming qualities. From the bad acting over the cliché visual (ie the opening credits) to the Adobe special effects. They could not even get spaces for the weapons, which may have something to do with the location of the film. But if you use effects, you're almost exact. As for the cast, it seems as if they had just gone to a Ta Bo class and the first one had not picked up on ugly chicks that went out. Once again, like Ron Hall in Vampire Assassin, do not let stunt folk acts work, they can not. The comment is a "return of old vampire movies" ... no, that's not it. That's what all new vampire movies are about. Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Blade, Underworld, it's about superstars fighting the vampires. This is the latest vampire genre, with bad blood, fake screaming and cheesy behavior. Anyone who has written a good review about it is obviously associated with the film or friends of the cast. But what do I care, I paid 33 cents for it. In the end, somebody decided to make a film in the first semester of film school. I give them credit because it's better than I could do. Of course, I also know that I can not make films, so I'm not trying. I know how to watch movies. I work 12 hours a day, 6 days a week. I've seen several thousand a year out here, and that was so bad that I halfway hoped for a mortar attack.
