Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentions after one of her kids, with his lame annoying jokes, gets out of control that she will never survive this journey. Boy, is she ever on the money. Karen is a teacher who leads her group of children from Shepley's College of Historical Studies to the ugly place of a rundown mansion in Ireland's largest dung heap. Surely there are places in this country that are more appeasing to the senses than that ?! The caretaker of the manor Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her students to stay on the path and not to enter the forest. There is a myth regarding the Sawney Bean clan, a ritualistic dibid cannibalist inbred family celebrates Samhain (late summer, October 31) "Feast of the Dead", where sacrifices are made to appease the spirits. Gary is supposedly clairvoyant, his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) tells us because he was born in Samhain. Funny because he does not see the results well or even gives advice. Almost everyone dies (even those who never get off the track) and he does not even see his own cruel fate. What breathes this monster that we breathe is a victim of too much inbreeding. His face resembles a deformed mushroom and it looks like a hideous rejection of a Mad Max image. It does not take long for the "bad breeder" to kill everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is Karen's love interest, who made the wrong decision when he came to Ireland without the foreknowledge of his girlfriend. <br /> <br /> The terrible formula slicer does not break the norm. The budget is tiny and the characters are assembly line clichés slaughtered again in the usual bloody manner. Most acts of violence flash across the screen, and the breeder's deaths are not much to his victims. A lot of courage is pulled out during fast cuts when one scene changes to the other. Seeing Gillian Leigh's gorgeous naked body for a moment or two is not an incentive to recommend him. Phil Price has the really irritating trickster character Steve, who often shits bad jokes. How he manages to get Leighs Barbara for some action in the shower, you can only guess, because I have no reason why with such a chance he would have a chance of getting hot pants. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the happy part of Shae, the quiet, virginal, smart girl (which is also pretty hot) that we know is the script that will survive. Jenna Jameson comes around long enough to cut her heart out of her chest (at least we'll briefly see her breasts before her chest opens) with a few small lines about two missing friends she's looking for. The main problem of the film is that the development of the story and the character comes to a standstill, because it has been recognized that none of them is interesting. Director Christian Viel simply lets go of his monster to rave, resulting in a bloodbath that wipes out an entire cast almost in one shot in ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco has a small cameo as a victim who moves away from the camp with his chick.
