I'm a big fan of the spaghetti western genre, and I usually like the cheapest too. However, Infamous Director Demofilo Fidani is rightly known for having some of the cheapest, dirtiest and worst contributions to this genre. The acts in Fidani's films were usually very weak, and since his talent was very limited, he usually tried to sell the films by adding to the titles famous Western spaghetti names like "Django" from "Sartana". In the particular case of "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" of 1971, he just took the title of Sergio Leone "Gi첫 La Testa" (also "Duck You Sucker") and added "Hombre". The film can be found under different titles ("Fistful Of Death", "Western Story" ...). I bought it personally under the name "Adios Companeros", which this movie shares with another Fidani movie with almost the same cast. "Per Una Bara Piena Di Dollari", which is also called "Adios Companeros" in the German version. The plot is rather weak, following essentially a man named Macho Callaghan (Jeff Cameron) and his involvement in two rival outlaw gangs led by Butch Cassidy (Jack Betts) and Ironhead (Gordon Mitchell). <br /> <br /> Jeff Cameron's leadership is not very convincing. I also did not like Jack Betts very well as 'Butch Cassidy'. B-movie legend Gordon Mitchell, however, is always worth a try, and although he was probably not a very good actor, I always found his appearances in the Spaghetti Western very funny and original, and he actually saved some of Fidani's films (like the rather shitty "Django And Sartana ... Showdown in the West"). <br /> <br /> There is a very funny and original thing about "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" - the great Klaus Kinski plays a priest! I could have imagined Kinski in every role, but before I saw this movie, I never thought anyone would express it as a priest. Kinski is great once again, though he has little screen time, and a scene in which he disintegrates is probably the only good scene in the scene. Another interesting thing about this film is that the legendary director and king of Sleaze Joe D'Amato did the cinematography. <br /> <br /> "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" is a cheap, crappy movie, but still it has some funny moments. I'm an avid spaghetti fan. I enjoy watching, but if you do not, it does not matter to you, or just look at it to see Kinski playing a priest. 3.10
