In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began taking pictures. These were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally restored in very quick succession. The short comedies had very little structure and were completely free. Thus, though popular in their time, the films were terrible by today's standards. Many of them bear a strong resemblance to home videos in which vile relatives raid the camera. Many others show how the characters move in front of the camera and do pretty much nothing. Regardless of the result, Keystone sent her straight to the theater. My guess is that all the movies at that time must have been pretty bad, since the Keystone movies with Chaplin were very successful. <br /> <br /> Charlie Chaplin, whom we know and love today, began to develop later in Chaplin's career Keystone In 1915, he signed a new lucrative contract with Essenay Studios and the films dramatically improved with Chaplin as director , But sometimes these films were still very rough and not very memorable. No, Chaplin as a cute little tramp was still developing. When he moved to Mutual Studios in 1916, he improved again and became a well-known nice guy - in many of the previous films he was just an idiot (either he was often drunk, women were beaten up, and innocent people fought, etc.). ). The final development of his Little Tramp became a classic in the 1920s as a result of his feature films. <br /> <br /> It's interesting that this movie is called TWENTY MINUTES OF LOVE, since the movie only takes about 10 minutes! Well. The plot of how little there is concerns the little tramp in the park. A couple wants to put it off, but inexplicably Charlie insists on sitting practically on the couple's lap and really annoying her. I can not understand why and the short thing is that Charlie wanders around in the park and annoys these people and some others later in the movie. Maybe he was looking for a threesome, I do not know. But the film lacks coherence and it's just not funny - even when people start beating each other and pushing into the lake. A typical effort before Chaplin began to give his character a plot and personality.
