first, this earns about 5 stars due to acting (some that would give me a better subjective opinion and NOT an objective opinion, by giving that star a WELL, star), but then I know that these facts are used for the actor ( S) NAME to increase the rating of something like that ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with such productions; another attempt (as well as "incomprehensible") of a systematic propagandistic feature that promotes government intervention in your rights (how interesting that it comes at a time when IPS providers try to "favor" = CENSOR information and the Americans and Canadians are fighting against AGAINST at that time). This time is not called evil by transferring torrent file transfers (ie, you should always remember that feeling when transferring data on the Internet), but literally trying to create a sexually frustrated population as a whole. SEEMS LIKE FEAR PROMOTION IS HOLLYWOODS STANDARD ON THESE DAYS, especially when it comes to thrillers, one of the most "on demand" movie genres of the last two decades = mostly seen, best trying to influence society as a whole. These levels of violence are portrayed by these two characteristics of morally and "ethically" living people as giving a new, much-needed meaning to the "anti-hero" figures. Make no mistake, it is NOT a "DEXTER" intended for high quality entertainment. Please sell "FEAR", the world would be a better place without them and the dollars made from them. <br /> <br /> The opening scene, and usually the first 10 minutes, really does give a terrible picture of an Erroll babbage who is clearly sexually frustrated. The way he deals with the black man is very disturbing, if not downright racist (at least a "stereotype"). The second scene (with Claire Danes' character) is even more extreme. At that point, I realized that in my opinion, Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous person for the people around him. How Many People Who Have Seen or Will See This Movie Have Never Been "In Hand" (Regarding BOTH Sexes) Usually, the movie is an extremely criminal case (which unfortunately happens somewhere someday, will and probably will happen again sometime ) BUT finger each other indirectly as well as "you could become that", etc. anyone who is familiar With Sigmund Freud and Jung, it will be very well known that sexuality is not something one would expect from such a fanatical "hero" or even from Can judge "donkey". SAFE sex in its many forms is healthy and not some evil with which Richard Gere is apparently obsessed, on the way to a sexual "crusade". Have we learned nothing from the many recent scandals involving priests and young boys? or how long an American teenager can see extreme violence on "pg-13", but he can not even see a woman's breast until "R-18"!?!? (But the industry is aiming for these VERY SAME sexual perversions like "American Pie" series for example). Increase Kids-Tester-One levels, but frustrate them and drive them into the development of fetishes to UNHealthy EXTREMES !? All sexual activities (in the assumption of mutual) integrate persons better than some "right" nut cases, which the misfortune and the shortcomings on "the life of the others" (a new German film, which compares these two differences and the world would work well) makes responsible features on the same topic). Here, as in this movie, you'll probably value the actors as representing the opposite of what they should have been. <br /> <br /> I am very disappointed with Richard Gere, especially after the recent "Hunt Party", a feature that really shines and a more realistic "hero" (even for real facts). But then it only reminds me that all these people are just actors paid to play someone's political and political agenda. "the flock" and "untraceable" 2 heads of the same hidden animal))) It only reminds you if you know someone with similar views as a whole, since Erroll Babbage has these here to keep yourself away from them own safety. They would kill my family faster than any .000000 chances of Paul Jerrod in the life of anybody. <br /> <br /> In the end, I recommend that to anyone who expresses himself negatively about my "assessment" of these particular thoughts (and actually "incomprehensible"), so you probably have similar thoughts to me. nothing sweeter than a propaganda film that turns on its own foot.)))) Once I agree with the review, this is not a feature for teens or kids; simply because they would confuse them even more than the "general" belief in "money + fame + fashion" and how it relates to sexuality. "Scream" series and movies as such have at least a defined entertainment value (even though they are stupid in my opinion). but this is just another "trust me, I know what's good for you" deep (not so well done that I could add) subliminal messages.
