It's like this ... you insert the DVD and the most professional thing you'll see in the next 90 minutes is the logo of the distribution company. And at this point, you know you've just been fetched. <br /> <br /> People generally trust enough to assume that something on DVD is at a certain level - at least financially, if not creatively. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The distributors are happy to bring DVDs and amateur films together and bring them directly to stores to wait for the unsuspecting buyer attracted to the thoughtful DVD cover. The weight of this project is most likely the independent horror movie pioneer Kevin J. Lindenmuth, whose name is likely to be known to genre fans as he's responsible for other low-budget waswolf films - "Rage of the Werewolf", "Werewolf Tales" and so on. <br /> <br /> "Blood of the Werewolf" consists of three short independent werewolf stories that have no real connection, apart from the fact that they are dealing with hereditary shapeshifters. The first section, "Blood Reunion," pretty much sets the tone for the whole thing ... a man returns to his hometown to search for a girl who had a crush on her, only to find out that her dominant grandmother she does not allow to have relationships with men and for reasons that are somehow related to a dark family secret. This rate is poorly targeted, poorly targeted, and basically nothing to think about, which you could throw together with a few friends and a home video camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Old Blood", is probably the strongest of the three and is run by Lindenmuth herself. It tells the story of a lesbian couple, one of whom is a shapeshifter and the other wants to have that power. Her wish is fulfilled, but she does not become the creature she imagines. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than the other filmmakers who worked on this project, but not enough to go beyond the level of an amateur film. <br /> <br /> And finally, we have "Manbeast", where an army guy runs through the woods while being chased by two other guys, they want to kill him because he was bitten by the beast and is considered dangerous, but maybe not everything is as it seems.This has an interesting concept, but it is far too long, and if you do not guess what the "turn" is in the first ten minutes, then you are That's probably not too bright. That sums up the problem with this whole DVD ... some good ideas are not enough to justify money for such a thing, would you pay for a picture that you could have done yourself?
