"Spielberg loves the smell of feeling in the morning, but feeling at the expense of narrative honesty, nobody should love that." - Lucius Shepard <br /> <br /> "The Color Purple" takes place in the early south of the early 1900s and tells the story of Celie and Nettie, two African-American sisters. The film begins with the girls playing in a purple flower field, an idyllic refuge instantly shaken by their stepfather's appearance. This motif? Innocence interrupted by men? permeates the entire film. <br /> <br /> The film then starts in a series of short sequences. Celie is said to have been impregnated twice by her stepfather, gave birth in a dirty barn, has her newborn child taken away, and has to marry a widow named Albert Johnson, a violent fool who repeatedly rapes her and forces her to cook. Clean and take care of his children. <br /> <br /> All of these horrible scenes get a short screen time and are instead surrounded by moments of pixie-dust cinematography, an obtrusive symphonic score, an inappropriate comedy, and excessive camera work. The cumulative effect is like the fusion of a Disney animated cartoon and a rape film, a shocking aesthetic that causes Stanley Kubrick to notice that "The Color Purple" has so badly inflated that he had to shut it down after ten minutes. Ten minutes? He took a long time. <br /> <br /> The film is often said to deal with "racism", "sexism" and "black culture", but that's not true. Alice Walker, the author of the novel on which the film is based, claims to be bisexual, but is actually a lesbian. Her book is a lesbian fantasy, a story of female liberation and self-discovery that paints men as violent beasts that steal women. For Walker, the only way out of this maze is for women to merge into a sort of lesbian utopia, celebrating a black sisterhood and female independence. <br /> <br /> In Spielberg's film, however, Walker's story is framed by the film's lens of reassuring American mythologies. This is a movie in which the healing power of Christianity overcomes mankind's natural cruelty. A film in which Albert is in various ridiculous situations, moments of misguided comedy inserted to make him look like a clumsy fool. A movie in which all characters are derived from racist minnesingers. The cast consisted of lustful men (always with a devilish smile and distorted grin), stereotypical mammies, jazz bands and gospel choirs. <br /> <br /> This is a film in which black people are naturally childlike and willing to accept their social conditions. A film in which blacks are supernatural, carnal sensualists dominated by violent passions. A film in which poverty and class issues are completely invisible (Albert lives in a huge house) and black people are completely incompetent. This is not the Old South, but the Old South, derived from "Gone with the Wind," MGM Muscals, "Song of the South," Warner Cartoons, "Halleluha!" and forbidden Disney movies. In other words, it is the South as seen by a child brought up on television in the 1950s. It's all so cartoonish, so racist, that it reduces these people to one-dimensional ethnic stereotypes that the black writer Ishmael Reed made it known a Nazi plot. Naturally in typical Spielberg style The film ends with the healing of family ties. This reconciliation took place in Walker's novel, but Spielberg goes further, reconciling every character in the story with their relatives. Beyond Walker's hatred of Black and Spielberg's bizarre caricatures of black life, nothing is shown to us of the black community. We only have a vague idea of ​​how one of these characters can make a living and no insight into the way they interact with others in their community. Instead, Spielberg's camera bounces around fighting desperately for our attention (one of Celie's kitchen appliances seems to be in a "Home Alone" movie). Every emotion is played, the director never stops to observe or allow something of life to pass by. Combine this with Quincy Jones' ridiculously "white" music, and you have one of the strangest movies in cinema history: an angry feminist film filmed by a white Jew in the style of Disney and Griffith, by a black man, the trying to imitate John, Williams is shot. <br /> <br /> Another problem is the lack of white characters. Keep in mind that the men in this film are not portrayed as rough or dominate women because they are brutalized by a racist society that reduces their masculinity. No, they are cruel by nature. And the women who quietly like Celie, or who are rebellious and tenacious like their sister, only survive and survive because the men are too stupid to destroy them. A better film would not only focus on the oppression of women, as it happens to the oppressed, but would have shown that the social abuse that has led to spouse abuse leads to enslaved black women having the same responsibilities Colleagues (while still fulfilling traditional female roles) and domestic violence by African Americans mostly for economic reasons, women are not able to feed themselves and their children on their own. <br /> <br /> So there is a hidden ideology working here. Later in the film, one character tells another that after he disrespected his wife, she was severely beaten and imprisoned by Whites. The implication is that blacks have to return to their African roots to restore their own dignity and that it is their fault that the whites wrongfully destroy them. ie Respect yourself in your poor minority community and you will not be distracted from the prevailing white culture. <br /> <br /> 3/10 - A failure to confront sex and lesbianism, inappropriate musical numbers, countless sequences loaded with strange visual puzzles, inappropriate comic book business, accentuated music styles, and wildly hyped emotionality all carry for rendering. "The color purple" worthless.
