First and foremost I would like to say that I love the "Ladies' Man" sketch at SNL. I always laugh loudly at Tim Meadows' portrayal of Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a feature film. Seeing Leon doing his show and making obscene comments to his listeners and putting up all sorts of segments for his show, like "The Ladies Man Presents ...", which reminds of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ...", is absolute funny. There is a great episode in which Cameron Diaz plays Monica Lewinski and Leon Bill and calls them "The Oral Office". See, that's funny !!! <br /> <br /> In the movie, we do not see Leon on the show too often. In fact, he is expelled from almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his search for true love. This is a mystery letter that was dropped off on his houseboat, signed by "Sweet Thing". Karyn Parsons, known for playing Hillary in Fresh Prince of Bel Air, works with him on the show and has a secret love affair with Leon. The film just piles up on one boring subplot after another. And the gags are boring, too. The first time we mention the word "Wang" to Leon, it's pretty funny. If he keeps using it and pretending to laugh, the joke is gone. Most of the jokes he uses in the movie are jokes that we've heard before on the SNL sketch and did better and were boringly played for an entire hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to insert a music number from Will Ferrell and his band of Ladies' Man haters, who all want to destroy him because their wives had an affair with him to breathe life into this funny comedy. Ferrell has some fun moments trying to make the most of an otherwise inglorious role. Ferrell just has this unique comic talent and is funny on almost everything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a cameo. If you watch them, you can not wonder, "What the hell is an Oscar-winning actress doing in this movie?" Her name was not mentioned in the header name - probably with her approval. And of course a movie with this theme must also include the master of love, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is as always charismatic, but even he can not breathe life into this movie. I also have to add that the soundtrack is full of gentle R & B hits that affect the movie even more and give it a terrible downbeat sound - as if the script were not boring enough. I mean, that should be a comedy. The soundtrack would have been suitable for something like "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "The Ladies Man" has only sporadic laughs. There are exceptions where SNL can make a great movie from a short sketch. Watch both "Wayne's World" movies and you'll see how it's done. But this film, as well as the adaptation of Mary Catherine Gallaghers figure to "superstar", the downside. Some sketches should be remembered on SNL and not on the screen. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
