Many of the main characters in Hideo Gosha's 1969 hitokiri (also known as "Tenchu" - Heaven's Punishment) were real historical figures (in the "Western" name series format): Ryoma Sakamoto, Hampeita Takechi, Shimbei Tanaka, Izo Okada, ____ Anenokoji. The name "Hitokiri", a historical term, refers to a group of four super swordsmen, who in the mid-19th century under the leadership of Takechi, the leader of the "Loyalist", numerous murders of key figures in the ruling Tokugawa Shogunate had performed. (ie ultranationalist, pro-emperor) faction of the Tosa clan. What was this fight about? Sad to say you will not find out in this movie. "Brilliant History Lesson" indeed! <br /> <br /> No, Gosha is much more interested in showing you the usual bloody cutting and dicing and (absurdly lengthwise) the inner torment of not-so-bright killer Izo Okada than in real history. Sakamoto, for example, was someone of historical importance, considered the father of the Japanese Imperial Navy. Gosh's history lessons come closest to the scene in which Sakamoto, whom Takechi considers a traitor to the loyalist cause, comes to Takechi's villa to influence him ideologically. It begins with the international political situation, with foreign warships in the Japanese ports and too weak Japan to defend it militarily. Would you like to know more? We are sorry. Gosha interrupts this possibly fascinating lecture in the middle of the sentence (!). So much for informing his audience about a turning point in Japanese history. <br /> <br /> The movie totally confused me about the goals of both sides in this fight. During the two and a half centuries that the shogunate held the central power in Japan, it was an institution dedicated to preventing social change in order to preserve the feudal relationships of society. It feared pollution from the outside, both ideologically and technologically. In accordance with this spirit, he banned firearms, those "leveling" instruments in Europe and America that a peasant could use to resist a samurai. During this time, the Emperor was nothing more than a mental figurehead. <br /> <br /> But in the cities that stood in neutral zones between the feudal fiefs, a new class of merchants, landowners and artisans developed. - the class known in Europe under its French name, the bourgeoisie. As this new class gained in strength, it inevitably struggled against the many boundaries of feudal society. As in Europe, the king (emperor) became the central figure in the power struggle of the bourgeoisie against the feudal aristocracy. However, political leadership does not always understand the interests of the class that serves them. When the outside world arrived in 1853 with a bang in the form of "Black Ships" by US Admiral Perry, the ruling elite of Japan got into a crisis. Their military was no match for these foreigners. They had also heard about the chaos that the British and French imperialists had done in China. What should Japan do to save itself from the fate of its weak neighbor? Surprisingly, some elements of the normally isolated shogunate tended to open up trade with foreigners in order to gain some of their advanced technology. This is the point of view that is (just) represented in the film by Sakamoto. On the other hand, the emperor-loyal ultra-nationalists, represented by Takechi, believed that they could forcibly keep the foreigners out if they could only prevent the other faction from "selling out the land." (Sound familiar?) Therefore, the murder of important Shogunate figures is fine - and off you go. Takechi's motivation was the biggest puzzle of the movie for me. Gosha says that he is fighting primarily for his personal development and not for the loyalist cause. Can we call this the tenor of the loyalists as a whole? (Are you interested?) <br /> <br /> Several reviewers have compared this movie favorably to "Goyokin", which Gosha did in the same year. But where "Goyokin" is a sizzling, thrilling adventure yarn with a sympathetic hero trudges "Hitokiri", is not nearly as captivating and so misses a hero. Sakamoto could have been the hero of this movie, but we can not know him - and what he stands for - to achieve that status. <br /> <br /> Given his wonderful results for five previously Kurosawa's films, Masaru Sato's score here was very disappointing and sounded like something that was rejected from a "Bonanza" episode. Barry Freed
