Do you remember a movie that you seemed to enjoy in the past and that does not have the same feelings as a grown-up? That occurred to me when I went back to school ... the National Lampoon class reunion. The film has a perfect opportunity to laugh, but surprisingly it wanders aimlessly as we see a bizarre collection of characters, like a woman who can sell her soul to the devil and shoot flames out of her mouth, a man who like a vampire appears and a crazy murderer, dressed as a woman, carrying sacks over his head. You have the class president who thinks he's the best since he's cut bread (but as we see in the movie, he's a coward and a joke), a couple of pot smokers who do not even know they're at their own class reunion, and a man named Gary, who is known to have existed (and no one remembers his name ... that's the one I enjoyed). There's a clumsy pervert who likes to pick up women in inappropriate places, a deaf-blind woman who has a screeching cry when she calls her dog, and the cook (you know her from "Goonies" and "Throw Mommy off the train"). ). Who likes to put food on their plates with their hands! Essentially, the film is about a jerk who takes revenge on his classmates (or at least tries) to take revenge for a gag they've gotten (they made him sleep with his own twin sister!). The film follows the characters as they search for the killers who disguise the dark, devastated corridors of the old high school. They were informed about the killer by his psychologist, who himself seems a bit strange. The movie has some good gags that work (pretty early), but the movie gets worse by the minute. The real problem of the movie is that he really does not know where to go. The movie is pretty much a premise for a joke, because it has a motionless direction. If he has any direction at all. The cast is enthusiastic enough, but the material they're supposed to make fun of is simply not of the quality to arouse interest. It's a curiosity for fans of comic relics of the early '80s who have been forgotten (rightly so).
