(48 out of 278 people found this comment useful and counting ...) <br /> <br /> People are such idiots of image and looks - as well as the intellectually hollow "idealism" lurking behind communism. Ches charisma and appearance are as much about his iconic stature as the misinformation spread by him from the leftist propaganda (like this movie). I do not know, which is worse, to be captured by one of Che's murder squads or by 4 hours of this typical soderberghian garbage. The question is not why this pet project was made, but what did it take so long? Of course, with "them" I am referring to left Hollywood and its "secret" love for Marxist tyrants (Lenin, Castro ... choose your choice). I'm intrigued that it took decades for one of Tinseltown's least talented liberal directors to finally undertake such an irresistibly biased propaganda project. Where was Oliver Stone all these years? Robert Redford? Tim Robbins? Warren Beatty? Alan Pakula? George Clooney? Barbra Streisand even? It is a mystery. All these overrated "artists" have often indulged in similar, politically biased projects, but somehow Che Guevara, who is arguably the most popular and well-known Communist, was not yet a movie subject. <Br /> <br /> "Guerrilla" has all the hallmarks of an American story that focuses on an epic scale; there are as many factual details here as in other similar Hollywood political fairytale bios, such as "Malcolm X" or "Gandhi", d. H. The movie stars Del Toro as famous Argentine revolutionary. Despite all the controversial and criminal acts of this man, however, nobody could take one: he was an intelligent manipulator who came from a rich family - that's why Del Toro only visually fits in the bill. Del Toro may be an interesting, charismatic actor, and he may physically resemble Guevara, but he does not exude any intellectual qualities, which makes Guevara appear too primitive. The occupation of such mediocrities as Bratt, Philips and Franka Incompetente only underlines the director's lack of judgment. <br /> <br /> The movie is for the most part extremely slow (no surprise there) and visually uninteresting. Even as brilliant a director as Kubrick would have considered carefully to release a film that goes beyond the 3-hour mark. Therefore, it is fair to say that this Soderbergh, who shot only one or two solid films at the beginning of his career, might mean that his oceanic splendor was up to the task. If you think the length of the movie suggests that much of Che's life was shown here, think again. Soderbergh focuses on Ches last phase, and much of the film is boring jungle nonsense, full of Guevara's alleged idealism. (Psychopaths have no ideals.) I wonder what kind of spirit this highly esteemed director must actually have to ignore some of Che's previous life. Did he think it was too uninteresting? A massacre of 600 people has no interest for the spectator, right? Amazing. Some much better directors than this much-praised charlatan would easily have made two biographies fit into a four-hour movie. Soderbergh becomes an accomplice in a sense, never addressing the negative. dark side - that is more than 90% - of Guevara. By spreading this kind of historical inaccuracy and deliberately ignoring the ugly truth (forbidding God to spoil Che's sacred image), Soderbergh proves he is not a humanist - a fake image that most Hollywood and pop music personalities find very much hard to pretend - but the opposite: that it's all about ideas, never about the people who are testing those ideas (like guinea pigs). Soderbergh and the like are elitists of the worst kind; Such people often have a latent contempt for the "proletariat" (what a stupid notion) they are supposed to come to terms with. Half of the students around the world wear Che's image on their red and orange shirts. but without ever knowing why. He has become an iconic figure for unsuspecting, uninformed, very young people who think that the face of this man on the chest makes them seem somehow "nervous", intellectual, hip or interesting. In reality wearing a Che shirt only emphasizes the general superficiality and utter lack of interest in self-education. (Do not you want to know more about a person before you start presenting his face to the world?) Wearing Ches's cliché image is as common as wearing a Bart Simpson coffee mug. All these Che carriers probably know more about Marge's blue hair than they'll ever read about Fidel Castro's dead allies. <br /> <br /> After all that was done in the name of Marx, one I would think that these mongrel "ideals" would finally settle down. It seems that humanity will never learn. Stalin, Mao, Kim Il, Pol Pot, Castro, Milosevic, Ceausescu, the Iron Curtain, one hundred million dead, more than a billion physically and / or mentally destroyed by this system ... so it does not matter, right? <br /> <br /> The fact that Del Toro has won a Cannes Prize should surprise only those who are absolutely unaware of how Cannes and other European festivals work - and vote. Note: Not long ago, Sean Penn led a jury. <br /> <br /> More information about my music stories can be found at: http://rateyourmusic.com/collection/Fedor8/
