I've reviewed videos for Joe Bob Briggs' legendary newsletter, "We Are The Weird." I have seen many stinker, but this was by far the worst, and the years have not been kind - it remains the most indecent crime against cinema that I've ever seen. Do not get me wrong - CAGED TERROR is technically technically competent than, for example MONSTER A GO-GO or the guy from Harlem or something similar. What confirms his claim as the "Worst Movie Of All Time" is for me the unique mixture of naked ability and crippling claim. Is it a Vietnamese comment? An ecological protest? An incitement to racial uprising? A study of the inhumanity of man towards man? A novel exercise to fill nature shots at (almost) feature length? In short, a hep-young, urban professional (perhaps the most heinous screen character that ever existed) somehow seduces a young Asian Americans to go camping with him in the woods. After she had beaten her with quasi-philosophical clapping for half an hour, they encounter two wandering veterans, the unforgettable Jarvis (a righteous brother) and the Troubadour (guitar that Manson Family rejects). Hey, a change of plot! Tension! Action! Tension! Well, no, just a climbing scene, located in a makeshift cable-wire chicken pub and slightly lowered. The victim in question stares the kidnappers and murmurs of listless, "Do not No ... no ... please ... ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis says every two minutes as "trouby" at the Troubadour and recalls nothing less than the Alien Star of Juan Picquers POD PEOPLE. That's about all that happens in CAGED TERROR, and such a summary may make it almost bearable. But believe me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one has been the worst for the last eight years since I saw him for the first time. (I put it in the old VCR once every two years, just to reassure myself, and definitely assure me.) I think the element that makes CAGED TERROR so hateful is this: very little happened and although little happens that happens quite badly and slowly, what makes it really compulsively unsurpassable is the stifling feeling that the filmmakers REALLY, REALLY WANT to push some kind of message in the neck. But because CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and ineffective, what was intended as a civic lesson to a crash course with intense visual impairment. This movie is 75 minutes long and feels like three and a half hours. It's awful, really terrible. Guys, trust me, I saw GHOSTS going on, and this one is worse. Look at it! You will thank me. And curse me. Only for the record, my favorite line: (In CAGED TERROR, but maybe EVER) "Yes, you probably think that the Song of Solomon was an allegory for Christ's love for the Church ...!" (NOTE: Must be delivered in a concerted tone.)
