I see some positive reviews on this board trying to revive this film of its lackluster status and start a cult episode. I see the usual chatter - "I think this movie is just not for the slightly offended," "This movie is not Shakespeare," etc. What do you know? Neither was "Road Trip"! And I laughed during the movie! There is a possibility to make a rough, tasteless comedy and make laughter; and there's a way to ... just make it raw and tasteless. "Whipped" tries to be a "swinger" without the joke or the intelligence. It seems to have been written by the puerile eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this movie should be civil servants - and they talk like some idiots I knew in high school first year! The dialogue is - more like drowned - filled with four letters. One would think that the people with their status have a certain amount of intelligence - and a broader vocabulary. Just watch a Whit Stillman movie and you'll see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue sounds completely unrealistic and downright cartoonish. If you know successful business people who speak like the characters in this movie, let me know and introduce myself to them. Her annoying sexual banter is that of a standard locker room among teenagers who are just getting into puberty. There is absolutely NO insight into relationships, sex or ... anything !!! It's just a bad excuse to present a series of extreme - and not "extreme" words, because I wholeheartedly mean - rough gags. These are gags without substance. Gags that are meant for moaning rather than laughing. The scene at the end between Amanda Peet and her friends was absolutely not announced and absolutely unconvincing. There are some films that involve interactions between women written by (straight) men and that are wonderful. This scene contains a flood of sexual metaphors and gestures. It's a dialogue you can never imagine when you leave a woman's mouth. It was one of those strange scenes written by a man. I did not believe it for a second. <br /> <br /> "Whipped" is a pure male fantasy fantasy that is as flat as it is annoying. I have had (very) little laughter from this extremely memorable comedy, and these were probably a result of desperation. If you do not laugh for a long time, you are looking for humor in the most insignificant things. I would not call that positive.
