It is unlikely that anyone but those who like silent films will appreciate the lyrical camera work and the hard (but grating) background music that accompanies this 1933 release. Although Sound was widely used in 1928, not more than fifty words are spoken to tell the story of an unhappy married woman who leaves her husband for a younger man after a romantic interlude in the woods. <br /> <br The most photographed scene has the jealous husband take the young man with him for a ride into the city and continue driving normally until he realizes that the man is his wife's lover. Out of jealousy he races at full speed towards a railroad crossing, but changes his mind at the last moment and loses his nerves. It is probably the most tense scene in the otherwise resolutely slow and obviously fictional story. HEDY LAMARR gets the kind of close-up Marlene Dietrich got from her discoverer, but her beauty had not yet been refined by the beauticians, as they were when she was transported to Hollywood. Her performance is mainly to look sad and grumpy as she mourns the loss of her marriage, with only a glimpse of a smile when she finds her true love (ARIBERT MOG), the handsome young stallion who dresses after her naked bath pulls. > <br /> The swimming scene is very short, discreetly photographed and not worth all the heat it seems to have produced. The love scene is later artfully photographed with the kind of lyrical photography that is evident in most parts of the film - ornate. The use of symbolism leaves more to the imagination - and that is what has led others to call the film a sort of lyrical masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Not so. It is disappointing, primitively crude in its sound parts (including the tedious symphonic background), and Miss Lamarr is fortunate that Louis B. Mayer has seen the film and has since made a career in Hollywood. He must have seen something in her work that I did not see. <br /> <br /> It's obvious that this was designed as a silent movie, with the camera doing all the work. The shattering "worker" scene at the end lasts too long and is a shocking intervention that does not require anyone. The movie does not end with the correct grade.
