I was a music student myself and thought a movie in a conservatory could be fun. I did not know ... (I had no idea that this movie was based on a book by Britney Spears) This movie was completely implausible. It is obvious that the person who wrote the script has never entered a conservatory and knows nothing about classical music. Let me just give you some examples: 1) There are NO ways to get you into a classical conservatory without any classical education! Just having a nice pop voice is not enough. Besides, that's a very different thing - another genre, another technique. It's like playing a violin when you apply for a viola class. 2) How did it happen that the lady who taught music theory was in the singing jury? If she herself was not a singing professor, she would not have anything to say in such a situation, and if she was a singing professor, why was not that told us? 3) Being able to read music is a necessity if you are majoring in music. 4) How did Angela get the videotape? That would have been confidential only to the eyes of the jury. Now she either got the tape from one of the professors or the scriptwriters just had no idea. I wonder what ... 5) The singing professor gave Holly the song of Carmen, in which she said she had "the reach", which she clearly did NOT. Yes, she could sing the notes, but Carmen is a mezzo-soprano, while Holly's voice seemed much brighter in tone and was not compatible with that song. 6) Worst: The film not only shows a shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music, it also tries not to hide it. The aria that Angela sings is mutilated beyond recognition, a fact that is painfully blatant in the recital, where it is shattered in a nasty way - Mozart would turn in his grave. Carmen's Habanera sounded a bit strange at times, and the way it was rearranged in the end shows how little the producers really think about classical music - it's stiff and boring, but add some drums and e Guitars and it's almost as good as Britney Spears! I know, these are trifles, but it would have been so easy to avoid them with a little research. Anyway, I would have decided to expose my disbelief if the characters and conspiracy were well worked out. But without that, I really can not find any redeeming qualities in this movie, apart from one: it's good for a laugh.
