I was excited when I heard that they were finally making this horrible event into a movie. The whole era (1980s Southern California) and the subject (drug and porn industry) fascinate me. I thought that would be a safe fire. I was not thrilled with the choice of Kilmer as Holmes, they are not similar in appearance or behavior. I think he sells tickets? However, I was ready to overlook that and give a fair shot. I was a bit shocked that on this first day of the show only four other people were in the whole theater. Well, the whole crime and story in the movie is hard to do, I admit. There were no witnesses to this very violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and his ego) when talking to the police about it. In fact, Holmes never really said what happened, and the crime remained unresolved. So that was still a big mystery, a riddle that does not make this movie shine. The person who wrote the script had a lot of discretion and most of the main characters are dead. However, there is no real plot, it is a fragmented gossip. The script is light and the actors try to improve thin lines by over-updating. The film gives no insight into Holmes or the other people involved. Kilmer's character disappears over long distances, his girlfriend is bored, the police are jokes. Even Kudrow tries to make a threadbare role look great. It's a very flat piece, and I can not say boring. The director even tries to turn it into a love story. Which is nice, unless you know something about the garbage John Holmes really was. Maybe a few tours of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" would have helped. "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting in every way. This film was flat and without real charm and style. Even the music is wrong, Duran Duran was played in a scene that should have taken place in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? There could have been a great movie based on this cruel event, but I have not seen it yet. I have not even seen a decent one (unless you look at the Rahad Jackson scene by Boogie Nights).
