Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity with a remake of his original movie Ju-On The Grudge. Although I have not seen this movie yet, I would bet that there is more imagination and originality (or a rip-off originality, in other words, skill with familiar tropes of the Japanese ghost movie) than in its own remake. Maybe the script was written in a way that it somehow has a distorted appeal, or I would guess the accessibility for an American audience. What starts with some potential - the hint of something that went wrong with Bill Pullman's sudden move - is a total mess. And as a horror movie? Gimme a break. <br /> <br /> The situation could have been tense - a nurse looking after a disturbed woman in a house being pursued - but he undercuts everything the public wants to feel. Anxiety What about music so you know exactly when to expect something? A black cat? Yeah, why not just make the ghost boy thing sound like a cat for scary stuff, which is basically just scary, if you want cats. Plot? Why not just mix past and present without giving the impression of how a story could be narrated (meaning that the flashbacks are inserted and intended to be organic with the story as a whole) or not? It does not matter if we take care of someone in the cast. <br /> <br /> At the time when the characters or those who are on display come to us and tell us what is going on or whatever, there is little cause for concern. Filmmaking is modest (that is, the 180 degree rule is often broken and not in a forgivable or exciting way), and the performances are themselves made of wood when they look scared or shocked (especially Gellar is disappointing, but Pullman, who shows up later after his first scene it is a heavy failure). Even if Shimizu searches for old "boo" attacks, as if the woman is in the office building and is being chased by the ghost of the grudge, it is still stupid. Just watch her take the elevator and the ghost is in the background of shots. Either you go, and if you have more power for you, or you laugh hysterically at the results. Count me to the latter. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure where this project went wrong - did Shimizu have to retool it for the studios, or was there not enough room to revise his vision? Or maybe Raimi had something to say and made things more confusing and / or boring than with someone else. The Grudge gives us a lot of information that makes no sense or at least gives us a bit of horror food for chewing. It's cineplex garbage of a sad order.
