Viewers who gush about everything, including the title sequence (now THAT is funny), would make us believe that this is a kind of cinematic wonder, but, believe me, this is one of the most embarrassing bad movies you could ever see and if you say 'I have to say, you have lost your sense of humor. David Niven plays a damned and brave RAF pilot who somehow finds it appropriate to leave an impressive (female) air traffic controller in an emotional conversation about love just as he plunges into his safe and fiery death. (Is not it romantic ...) Of course, he is spared by a weird metaphysical coincidence and washes himself on the beach, just as this air traffic controller drives by on his bike. (They get ready immediately). <br /> <br /> Past the bizarre homo-erotic subtexts (so on top of that, you really have to refer to supertexts, from a naked boy who sits naked in the sand and plays The Twilight Zone Esquire theme of the movie on his little flute, to a heavenly messenger who dresses his make-up more thoroughly than the ladies). The most bizarre aspects of the film are the weaving of such poor cartoons of national and racial stereotypes into an intricate attempt to argue any point about the universal nature and power of love. We get it - fly boys and girls in skirts and heels and girls like them back, and apparently you just have to cry a little so your movie gets 10 stars on IMDb. <br /> <br /> As for the quality of the production, the continuity / processing is bad enough to cause creep, and the lighting may be even worse than that, but you have barely time to notice the script is so bad. There are games that are played with Technicolor (whatever the meaning of the sky is in black and white, if you can figure it out) and foreshadowing (so weird my fellow traveler who usually likes movies like this one and then cheered that Doc's motorcycle finally ended up in a fiery wreckage) and Freeze-Motion (which is funniest because the female lead role at standstill is so bad you know the stagehands laughed in front of the camera). <br /> <br The best shots are the early ones on the beach, but after that it's just downhill. The staircase (moving like an escalator) is hardly the Odessa staircase, to say the least, and I would really warn anyone not to take this lame attempt at filming. Overall, the movie is bad enough to be funny, and that's the best I can say.
