Well, what are the chances? At the exact moment when some Redneck amateur scientists discover cave paintings that suggest a dinosaur monster was found in the area thousands of years ago, a burning meteor crashes into the lake and spontaneously breeds a monster lying there. Egg ?? I have been thinking for over a thousand years! "The Crater Lake Monster" is a movie that literally needs to be seen to be believed, but you should do it better with many friends and a bunch of Ganja to make it easier to digest. Yeah, this is a horrible movie with a very dilapidated script you can imagine, and lots of irrelevant intermediate blocks that are downright embarrassing, but it's also irresistibly sexy and so awkwardly put together that you just have to have a certain preference for it. Half of the movie? at least ?? revolves around the crazy adventures of Arnie and Mitch. These two local Yokels own and operate a boat rental near the lake, but spend most of their time nosing and arguing about fascinating things, like the word "bait". Mostly in their prototypical Laurel & Hardy situations new puddles or decapitated heads are discovered in the lake. Steve Hanson, the heroic, but not exactly sharp sheriff, is up for it, but only if he's not too busy chasing big city thugs driving around. After half of the movie, there is suddenly an abrupt scene in which a thug robs a liquor store and kills two people. This "WTF" moment seems to be on the other side of the country, like New York City or something, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events at Crater Lake. Only twenty minutes later, the robber reappears in Hicksville and there is an "exciting" hunt through the forest that ends in the hungry snout of Dino. The absurd little details in "The Crater Lake Monster" are too numerous to mention! For example, this is probably the only creature feature that allows gamers to spot the compulsory giant footprint after discovering the actual monster. The antics in continuity should be legendary for me. It's as if everyone has forgotten to pay attention. Night turns into daylight at dawn and dusk again? all during the same day course! The monster is undeniably the best aspect of the movie, especially as it is achieved through old-fashioned and endearing stop-motion effects. The sweet creature is a Plesiosaur; a dinosaur that looks like a cross between Denver, the last dinosaur and an alligator. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and memorable movie experience that I can only encourage you to find! The lousy 1 in 10 rating is just a matter of principle (and because this is basically a very bad movie) should be put into perspective, because I could just as well have given it 10 out of 10 out of pure entertainment value.
