I've never understood why some people do not like Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, great dance numbers and heightened emotions - what's not to like? What I did not know was that I had only seen the upper crust of Bollywood. Then I saw "Garam Masala". I saw on the first scene that this was not a movie I liked (the movie starts with a montage of the two leads that drive through a city and appear to happen randomly on a series of photo setups with gyrating models) but I always hoped that things would improve. Unfortunately they did not do it. The main problem is that the two protagonists Mac & Sam are completely unsympathetic. They spend the entire movie lying to women - and lying brutally - to put them to bed, and the audience is supposed to find it funny and enchanted. The boys are unscrupulous and incompetent and not in a lovable way. Mac goes so far as to drug one of the women to keep them from discovering his fraud. The script is extremely bad, with repetitive scenes, setups that never lead to anything, and illogical actions and statements of the characters. In fact, the characters are never really developed. The men are boorish, greedy idiots, and the women are just interchangeably beautiful. If you go to this movie, you would think that "stewardesses" are pretty easy to go from man to man. In fact, the betrayal is not so humorous. <br /> <br /> The only points of light I found in the film were a dance number that had brilliant sets, and a few slapstick moments when the French farce and the door slammed shut. But Bollywood dance is better enjoyed in films choreographed by Farah Khan, and for slapstick you can go straight to the mute comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who seem to have influenced writer / director Priyadarshan. Priyadarshan also adopts false reviews for the invention of history: the basic premise of the conspiracy was stolen from the play "Boeing Boeing" of 1960. The original author of this work, Marc Camoletti, is nowhere credited. At least, Priyadarshan changed the title for this remake instead of using the original straightway, as he did in his 1985 version of this story. (According to the IMDb list.)
