Based on the average short story of horror writer Stephen King about so-called 'sleepwalkers', ancient and immortal cat-like creatures that suck the lives of the virgins for this energy to sustain them. They have supernatural abilities - they can darken themselves. "That is, they become invisible and can create subliminal mirages to deceive people, they have been fleeing from humans for centuries and have been cut off one by one, until only The movie begins when a beautiful mother and her son arrive in a sleepy city, they are the last sleepwalkers and they are looking for food for virgins. "The mother sends her son out to join the local It does not make clear why the mother can not visit virgins herself - it would make things easier to imagine since teens are more like an older beautiful woman into a high school secluded area follow as a teenager following a teenage boy, but his plans are thwarted as the girl fights back and e a pencil in his ear. The police are called and the hunt begins! The son is ill because of his injuries and so the mother goes hunting and kills the policemen left and right on the hunt for the girl who has injured her son and spits out some painful, unsightly liners in the midst of the blood. Finally, the girl kills the mother of the movie. This movie is garbage! The action is variable, from the average Brian Krause to the excellent Alice Krige. The special effects are average and show some early computer effects that are a little interesting as they show how far such things have evolved in such a short time. The direction is confused and the film falls into camps. The director seems to be uncertain whether we should fear or sympathize with the sleepwalkers and if in doubt, make the movie hysterical. Stephen King makes a slightly amusing cameo appearance as an annoying gardener, as does Mark Hamill as a confused policeman. Alice Krige seems to be shouldering the movie, her character gets depth, and states what the movie could have been with a better script and better orientation.
