In the Chills Network via cable they have the "vampire month". I'm such an idiot, but I love vampires. After a few duds showing them, I was quite disappointed, but then I noticed that Sleepwalkers was written by Stephen King. So I decided to give it a try and to my surprise the movie was really bad. Most Stephen King movies are entertaining and some are very scary. While Sleepwalkers was bad, it was beautiful. I had a good time laughing at this movie and just taking it as it was. I have never read Sleepwalkers. As far as I know, this is King's only real vampire story, so I can not really compare book and movie. I do not know if it was just my TV, but Sleepwalkers looked like it was meant for TV. The special effects were hackneyed and the story was a bit far-fetched, even if it's fantasy, there were many problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires who feed on the vitality of virginal women. They are much more resilient than humans and have both telekinesis and illusion. Their only weaknesses are cats, who not only can see through their illusions, but also their claws are capable of causing severe to fatal wounds. They also have an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary settled in a small town in Indiana. Charles attends high school and meets Tanya Robertson in his creative writing class. Tanya does not know the real reason why Charles wants her so much; to take her life force for his mother, who is starving. At first it seems as if Charles fell in love with Tanya. However, on her first date, a picnic at the nearby cemetery, Charles tries to drain Tanya's life force while he kisses her. Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson, who had previously tried to grab Charles for speeding, drives past the cemetery and sees Charles's car. When Tanya runs to him, Charles looks for Andy and kills him. As Charles turns to continue his life-busting session with Tanya, the Deputy's cat, Clovis, rises to the scene and nearly kills Charles by scratching his face and chest. Charles is mortally wounded by Clovis and comes back to Mary. Mary then seeks revenge on Tanya's family. <br /> <br /> So to summarize this movie, you should assume that the cheese overflows. The scene in which Charles Tanya attacks for the first time is very clichéd and you almost vote for Charles to win just because Tanya is one of the dumbest female characters in horror movies. Then you have to love the scene where Mary has a gun and shoots her on a police car. Somehow the whole thing explodes, God bless Hollywood explosions and exaggerations. I take the movie for what it is, it's just so delicious that it turns into a dark comedy for me that I could just make fun of. I'm not sure Stephen King wanted that for his story, but he does have his typical cameo in the movie. So, my suggestion, if you are watching this movie, just take it for who it is and do not think about it, it's mindless conversation with moronic effects, bad casting, a stupid story, and enough cats to do that crazy cat lady of The Simpson saying "Wow, these are many cats". <br /> <br /> 4/10
