Allow me to start this review with the following words: I love vampire movies. You can suck (har har pun intended) and I will still love them because vampires are just cool in movies. Van Helsing, who was regarded by many as a steaming dung heap, I enjoyed because there were vampires. You may ask, "What does that have to do with this movie?" The answer is that I want to tell you how horrible this movie really is, that even a jerk (harharhar) for vampire movies like me can despise such a movie so much. <br /> <br /> The movie stars Van Helsing, a college professor who does not even convince. He's a terrible actor, like everyone else in the movie, and he wrote it to add salt to the wound. Honestly, I do not want to offend him and I'm sure it was fun to make this movie, but seeing it was really painful. I'm not sure why I saw it all. Maybe it was a morbid fascination, as if watching an impending train wreck: It's awful, but you can not force yourself to look away. His main flaw is that it's just so boring, and his conspiracy is so damn ridiculous even for a sci-fi horror movie. <br /> <br /> But I digress. By the way, Van Helsing has sex with his mother. Of course, he does not know that she is her at this time; he just thinks that it is one of his students (which is still illegal and everything, but not so disgusting and scary). If I was Van Helsing, I'd at least pull an Oedipus myself when I found out I had done something so disgusting. It would have made for a fun thing, if he had just commented on something, but no. The point is not addressed by any of the characters at all. It's as if the author did not even think about it. I would have at least made another character laugh about him and say, "Ha ha, you had sex with your mother," which would be slightly humorous (though obviously immature). I'm probably running out of the room, so a few more words to stop you from watching this movie: There's a vampire ninja fight with an old man. It would be fun, but the filmmakers expect us to take it seriously. It's not even worth watching the movie to see how bad it is. Stay far away if you value your time at all. <br /> <br /> I'll make a positive statement about the movie: The guy who plays Van Helsing is pretty smooth with his knife. It's like a one-minute segment where he swings his knife and actually does some nice tricks. In any other movie, it would be boring, but here it was unfortunately the highlight.
