I have to agree with some other comments and even go one step further. <br /> <br /> Nothing about this movie worked, absolutely nothing. Delmar, our central character, chooses to become a surrogate mother to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but on the way there is a clever ex-jailbird. At the same time, her friend Hortense tries to get her lawyer friend to finally marry her. She also sleeps with Marlon, who falls in love with her so much. Then there's Delmar's brother Jethro, who deals with a former coke-addict, Missy, who reveals that she was sexually abused by her adoptive father. On the sidelines, we also have the eccentric mother, who has an assortment of equally odd friends, one of whom dies on the couch at the beginning of the movie. So far so good, but after these characters and storylines that address life, death, grief, and love in the first half were introduced, the movie just loses the direction. <br /> <br /> If the author had just selected one or two characters and allowed us to follow their stories, things might have been fine, but the same screen time is given to everyone, with the result that no story or no character is completely developed. Why does Delmar, for example, believe that she can hand over her child for a fee, especially if the future parents are a sinister, bigoted lawyer and his semi-alcoholic and depressed wife? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is an idiot and obviously does not love her? How come Missy goes into her coke habit overnight? Is Jethro regularly attracted to women with overwhelming problems, or is Missy the exception? Was the mother of Delmar and Jethro always on the eccentric side or is it a recent development? Why is Jethro so interested in Cadillacs that he has one in his living room? Why did Moses spend years in jail for stealing a car, a relatively serious crime? How does Delmar manage to give birth to Moses' child if there is no indication that they have ever had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are put in the script, but unfortunately never answered. I can only assume that they were answered in the original novel, and so the author felt the need to include everything in the script. Big mistake. The loss of several subplots, especially the story of Hortense and Marlon, which adds nothing to the overall film, would have greatly aggravated things and left more time to develop the characters of Delmar, Jethro and Moses, who are clearly at the center of the plot and the underlying topics are more than any other. <br /> <br /> Add to that the most pedestrian style of directing outside of the average soap opera. The result is a great missed opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox, who does her best to rise above the material. I am not surprised that this seems to be the director's last film, as this effort shows no sign of a visual style or the ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
