This movie does not rock, as others have said. I found it really boring and stupid. The story is about this metal high school kid who adores this really bad heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but not before he has made a final album that will of course be played on the radio at midnight on Halloween (which would make November 1st a much less powerful date to be sure). The child receives a copy of the disc and it contains secret hidden playback messages. It's also the key that opens the door so that the really bad metal singer can return to bring chaos and death into the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not a horror movie at all, but an after school special. We see how the Metal Kid (the outsider) is tormented again and again by the popular children. And he does not learn the most important lesson in high school movies: when the cool kids you make awkward suddenly invite you to a party, DO NOT GO! It is a trap. Especially if it is a pool party. Who is surprised when he ends up in the water? It was such an after school special that I was constantly waiting for Melissa Sue Anderson to show up and teach Jody Foster a lesson. <br /> <br /> So back to the horror part of the movie. So this Metal kid gets some powers and instead of using them to kill the Bully boys (which would have been much more useful), he freaks out and tries to protect all Bully boys and girls from harm. What? A sensitive hero? What does that make a horror movie? Fortunately, Carrie White did not follow this lesson. He actually tries to PREVENT the music from being played at Halloween Dance, the music that could unleash power to kill all the children who were mean to him. If it were me, I would have hung up this music and pronto. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is about this metal kid who's trying to kill the terrible metal star he's idolized in the city. Why not work with him and really do some damage. Why do you ask? It seems that he is in love with one of the popular girls and does not want to hurt himself anymore ... more suitable for a Molly Ringwald movie. Is this a horror movie or an episode of Beauty and the Beast? The movie just keeps going on this site, without fear, horror, or anything that's worth seeing. Like going to high school in the late '80s, this movie is fun to have a quick look back at fashion and big hair, but that's it for this movie. Skip it and stay home and just listen to some KISS.
