Antonioni had taken on the role of Papa Smurf for all the long-haired, American, radical student Smurfs. He had placed them under the protection of his European Communist wings and showed appreciation and support for their confused American attitude. (These Smurfs are red and bear blue, not the other way around.) The radical Smurfs rejoiced to lead a wise old man with gray hair, who regularly spurs out the god of all long-haired Smurfs, Lenin, the Communist. another wise old man, whose beard made the Smurfs take him even more seriously, for he symbolized something wise, though they did not know exactly why they kept the beard deep for this species. Castro, another wise, bearded man, has often benefited from this confusion and with his beard spread magical powers over his naive admirers from overseas. (Not to mention Che Guevara: This beard has a certain "je-ne-sais-pas-quoi" principle.) He wants to immediately embrace Marx and his beautiful pacifist teachings.) The film begins with a jumbled meeting of radically stupid radicals Students who engage in dialogues that really redefine the word "confused". As confused as a blind-folded dog falling from a high-floor building into a bottomless pit. Suddenly, the "hero" of the movie (well, Antonioni's hero) gets up and says something to his miserable leftist buddies. Then he goes on, hoping that this depiction of "Mega-Coolness" will enhance his James Dean image and greatly increase his chances of being placed in the next mass hippie orgy with the best "chicks". Eventually, he gets into trouble during a rally with policemen (ie pigs) and spends the movie under the blue sky of American capitalism looking for freedom. Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Antonioni's predictable attack on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow, but has (or had) nothing new to offer; It's just the same old triggering, one-dimensional policemen, business people talking about doing business (and what's wrong with that, is not that how Antonioni's films are made?) And endless shots of TV commercials and billboards Moral A and O Decadent products for the vile, selfish, and greedy, upright people who think only of themselves, their families, their work, and their children. The Smurfs and Smurfs of the late 1960s did not recognize the most obvious and vital aspect of their silly movement: they were allowed to discourage their ridiculous gatherings and freely express their anti-establishment opinions within this establishment, whereas the students in them were countries whose leftist systems they admired were not (and still are not). By far, the greatest irony about the hippies - and of course Antonioni could not realize this (his judgment was tarnished by cocaine smut and excessive ingestion of LSD) - is that hippies are (are) the garbage of capitalism. That's an incredible irony. Only in a successful capitalist system can you find the species called "hippie"; a spoiled, ungrateful and selfish bunch of middle and upper middle class losers. <br /> <br /> The movie itself seems to be running forever. Antonioni takes his time to deal with him, while he contains extra-long scenes of futility with a high fatigue factor. His symbolic attempts are annoying and banal. His statements are at best highly doubtful. In this film, Antonioni says a violent revolution is the answer. And we get that from an old, saturated, filthy, fat filmmaker who lives in villas and restaurants in the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I can not remember seeing a major Western film about the Tiananmen massacre of thousands of students in China. However, when a Western student is shot for flinging Che Guevara's face into all of our faces, we get ten major films about it. I suppose that means that a Chinese life is worth a thousand times less than a western one? At least for the left-wing hypocrists who attack movies. <br /> <br /> If you are a Marxist neo-hippie and do not like this awful review, please click "NO" below.
