This movie is definitely a product of its time and in any other context, it's an incredibly stupid movie. Damn it, even in its right context, it's pretty bad !! Most of the time this is due to a stupid plan and a very selfish guidance of the famous Italian director Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he tried to merge a very artistic style film with an anti-establishment hippie film, and he managed only to produce a bomb of gigantic proportions. The film begins with a rap session in which there are many "with them" sit around the students and say such platitudes as "power the man" and complain about "the man". Considering that most of these hippies have parents sending them to college, it seemed a bit stupid for these privileged kids to complain so loudly and call for revolutionary jargon. A little later, the violence between the students and the establishment pigs breaks out and a police officer is killed. Our "hero" Mark might or may not have, but he has to run to avoid prosecution. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, he does what only an idiot would do - steal a plane and fly it to the Mojave Desert! There he meets a random chick, and then they sit for hours philosophizing. Then they have sex in one of the strangest sex scenes in cinematic history. As they whirl around in the dust, other couples suddenly appear and there is a huge orgy scene. While you'll see a bit of skin (an R rating required), it's not as explicit as it could have been. In fact, it lasts so long and seems to be so choreographed that it simply overstrains the mind. And when they're done, the many, many other couples naturally disappear. <br /> <br /> Strangely, the couples later paint the plane with some help and it looks like a Peter Max creation. Despite improving the appearance of the plane, the evil cops are reacting to his return by shooting the nice revolutionary. When the girl learns about it, she goes into a semi-catatonic state and the movie ends with her seemingly imagining the destruction of her own fascist pig parents and all the evil they stand for (such as hard work and responsibility). Instead of a simple explosion you will see the same huge house explode about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, televisions, refrigerators, and other things will explode in slow motion. While he's stupid, he's pretty cool - just like when David Letterman blows things up in his show or crushes them. <br /> <br /> Aside from a stupid plot, the film has a strong need for a single sympathetic character as well as extensive editing. At least 15 minutes could easily be removed to speed things up - especially since there is not really that much plot or dialogue. The bottom line is that this is an incredibly stupid movie, and I was not surprised that it was featured in the "The Fifty Worst Films" book by Harry Medved. It is a deserved addition to this pantheon of dung. It is a crime that a famous director spends so much money producing such a craptastic film. Two concluding remarks. If you enjoy laughing at silly hippie movies, check out THE TRIAL OF BILLY JACK. In a case where art imitates life, the lead, Mark Frechette, has played his character in real life. He died at the age of 27 years in prison several years after participating in a "revolution" in which he and some friends robbed a bank and killed an innocent person. Dang hippies !!
