Disingenuous sequel greatly extends credibility as the devilish sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns this time, infiltrating the film production of the novel he wrote for the drownings of the Garden, assuming the identity of a second director he murdered. <br /> <br /> Film jokes fun in Hollywood, with a tongue-in-cheek script shooting at tyrannical directors who sleep with their actresses (looking for a path on the ladder) and do not like it when someone challenges her for a complete spotlight. Brian Krause, whom I thought was awful, to the point where the satire felt incredibly forced, plays the loud, spirited director who does not like his second director and scriptwriter Alison (.. played by Dahlia Salem) ) seem to take over production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, the brother of a victim from the first movie. The film's dark humor picks up on the idea of ​​a serial killer, who actually directs a movie set, and uses it for everything worthy of it. Nelson glides back into his psycho role without difficulty. Stanley is as smart as he's ever been, using his brain to command a movie production, killing everyone he needs to have full control over his work, and leaving no one in his position. .. until Alison realizes who Stanley really is. Alison is the kind of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her topic ... what motivated Stanley to kill, why would he do that, and what led such a man on that dark path? The humor of Alison, who actually works with this man, is also part of the satire in the heart of this dark comedy thriller. Of course, there's the inevitable showdown between Alison and Stanley, with a really ridiculous, unbelievable conclusion regarding the fate of the killer (a rather heavy pill to swallow). Unlike the first film, which was photographed with sophisticated polish, director Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary techniques that are not needed (such as shooting all kinds of angles, slow-motion sepia, and multiple examples) on video taken up) and rather annoy instead of impress. This sequel was simply not as good as the original for me, with a lot of humor less effective and obvious.
