Do you need a lesson in pure, bitter failure? Look no further than "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom", a vile, dirty, shame of a movie. As we all know, decent cameramen tend to develop terrible, terrible offspring: "Halloween" witnessed many, many bad 80s Slasher films; "Mad Max" testified many, many bad "futuristic desert land fantasy" movies of the 80s; and "Conan the Barbarian" produced a whole series of terrible, horrible, unbelievably bad 80's Sword and Sorcery strikes. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" scrapes the bottom of this 80's barrel in a way that's really offensive to barrels. A young fellow named Simon conquered his "good kingdom" from a wicked wizard, using a mangy rug, a garden gnome, a topless bimbo mermaid, and a tired-looking, chubby Bo Svenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), a longtime b-moovie muscle man, barely sees his aluminum foil sword swinging. However, he manages to defeat the forces of evil, consisting of the evil sorcerer "Shurka" and his army of poorly costumed monsters, giants and dwarves. At one point, a papier-mâché bat strikes a string, but is eaten by a 1/2 hidden sock puppet that is pitifully presented as a kind of dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what can only be described politely as scenes lifted out of the cutting room floor of udder-bath motifs sewn together in vain hope of setting the stage for the film, and of them too seriously a guy is told who never appears again. Words can not convey the incredible cheapness of this film properly; The producers probably spent more Moolah on feeding Svenson's ever-growing esophagus than on the cheesy stuff of this strip. And here we are talking about Brie, People ...: = 8P Director Hector Olivera ("Barbarian Queen") presents this mixed-mix in a hopelessly confused, confused and clichéd way, destroying any hint of clear, linear storytelling. Acting is awful, the stages of production lie under the line of the shoe, and the action is a weary cliché after the other, paraded before our tired eyes. That they actually made a sequel (!!!) makes the MooCow brain buzz. James Horners ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") Cheese Moosic from "Battle Beyond the Stars" has been raised, shouted and kicked and mercilessly grafted onto this turkey - Bet that this will not appear in his resume. Guys, you have to see that to believe it. The MooCow says a cheap rent when there is NOTHING else to see, well, it's more fun than watching Dusthasen putter. Barely. : = 8P
