What we have here is a downright brilliant piece of incompetence in the early '80s that will make even the greatest connoisseur of trash cinema speechless! "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap and cheesy fantasy / sword and sorcery adventure that has no real plot, but eagerly and shamelessly borrowed elements from other films. Writers Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Watched similar films to know that they needed a handful of essential characters. However, they probably had the impression that the rest would follow automatically. To make a fantasy adventure, you need: a wicked villain (preferably with a black cape), a young hero in training, a lonely warrior, a lovable type of furry pet, a smart dwarf living in the forest (optional )) and a whole colorful collection of ugly demons, enslaved dwarfs and winged gargoyles as filler. The story is phenomenal and so original. Simon, a sorcerer's young son, has to flee his beloved kingdom after the evil magician Shurka takes power and kills the king. Simon wants to return and save the people, but he needs his mighty ring, which he lost in his flight. Simon befriends lone warrior Kor (usually cool guy Bo Svenson, who clearly needs the paycheck), who supports Simon during the long and devastating journey full of exams, dangerous encounters and magical showdowns. Granted, it does not sound so bad yet, but that's just because I've ruled out all those deliciously inappropriate little details. For example, Simon has a best friend named Gulfax. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacca, and every time it opens its poodle mouth, it produces uncontrollable chuckles to shout something incomprehensible. The obstacles on the journey home are irritated by the "conspiracy" and are simply filling material to cover up the lack of actual content. Simon has nightmarish visions in the tent of a suspected forest nymph, Kor puts down an old account with the swedish Nemesis, whose sister refused to marry, and there is the supposedly terrible "suicide cave" from which you can only sing out of the way. But the most unbelievably brilliant sequence? not just this movie alone, but in the history of cinema? involves the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon wakes up the legendary brave warriors and hopes they'll assist them in their fight, but the rotting corpses just take a few steps, complain about their fatigue, and return to their graves. That's it! So much for the zombie sub-plot! Best sequence ever! I could unintentionally list funny little details for a few more paragraphs, but you have the idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a hugely screwed-up "So-bad-it-good" movie. Advice: Do not look at this joyous piece of garbage alone. Invite friends, preferably the dope guys, with a mean sense of humor and look at them in the group. It will be an unforgettable night?
