You know from the beginning that this is a Sam Sherman movie, more than an Al Adamson movie, because as a credits, "A Sam Sherman Production" appears in letters as big as the title. Not only that, Mr. Sherman co-wrote the script, and it was his idea to use Bob Livingstone, a 69-year-old Western star from the old Hollywood era, to play his male lead role in a picture Sherman thought It would be great about the recent success of Swinging Stewardesses. <br /> <br /> Why should you have a wrinkled old man as a male leader in a soft-core usage trait? It contradicts the explanation, but that's Sam Sherman for you. His obsession with old Hollywood has shaped many of his films for Independent International Pictures, and he and Al Adamson have often sought to win actors for their films (eg J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr., etc.). But Bob Livingstone? Tell me, the demographer knew who the second rater of the 1940s was. it is ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But then "Naughty Stewardesses" was a successful picture for them, so we can not just write that off as a Sherman fiasco. By aesthetic standards, however, it is an incoherent mess. Al Adamson did not want to see this picture, and it's easy to see why. First of all, it has no genre focus and moves from super-soft core (just tits and ass / just simulated sex) to a kidnapping thriller (shadow of Steckler's "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo"!). In between we are exposed to painfully boring sequences of stewardesses strolling in Vegas to the trite music of Sparrow or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann at a photo shoot in San Francisco. Worst of all, we get Bob Livingstone as Jack LaLanne wannabe in a blue overalls trying to be sexy ... gag! (Luckily, his big sex scene with Connie Hoffmann was erased, but you can see him sipping on the DVD in Special Features DVD.) Creepy.) <br /> <br /> This is a horrible, horrible movie, I'll give it to him however, three stars for Gary Graver's photography and sympathy for Connie Hoffmann because he made it to Wrinkles Livingstone. "Naughty Stewardesses" is for Al Adamson completeists and / or scholars of the exploitation film, as Sam Sherman's commentary provides important insider information. Everyone else, ATTENTION.
