So great is the dilemma (above) that Debbie faces at the end of this Sam Sherman production of Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie has just driven into town, become a stewardess, slept with an older rich man (whom she describes in her fifties, but apparently hit that mark a decade or two ago), doing nude scenes for a photographer she just met and then he is the central element to a kidnapping / blackmail Through all this and in the midst of all these emotional upheavals and the search for soul - what will Debbie do in heaven? Well, I can not quite tell, but I do not expect a true epiphany here. Let's be honest. Naughty stewardesses is exactly what she wants to be (at least two-thirds through): a softcore porn movie with many topless women and a fun movie that's so funny in the 70's. There is no great art here. The film was created to earn money and use a then-growing trend to place nymphomaniac stewardesses in films so the audience can live out their voyeuristic tastes on a proxy basis. By today's standards, the movie is pretty tame. What makes this movie wrong is to be a statement movie in the end. Come on, everyone here believes this little shame of Debbie as he thinks about life on the beach. She would spend more time figuring out which halter she would wear that day, and then do that. And what about the ridiculous plan to steal 50 giants? It did not make sense to me, how did these characters find it in the world? Who buys Cal as a member of the PLO (something) or even as a director for hardcore pornography? He would be lucky enough to get work on Seven Eleven! This, as another reviewer noted, is more of a Sam Sherman play than an Al Adamson play. You can tell when Al is fully charged. There is practically no budget and the film does not look so polished by far. Adamson is doing a good job this time, and I have to acknowledge Sherman to a degree. While this movie is bad for what it should be, it has a certain style. I liked the opening balance with the animation and the photos. I even liked the music of Sparrow. "Silver Heels" was a catchy song. The movie does not look cheap at all. Compare that to any of Al horror movies. In terms of cast, though, Bob Livingston is a bit old for the lead role, but some research has found his character and the obvious thread that attracts young women to men with money has also been studied. I had big problems with Robert Smedley, who was just terrible in his role. The girls all have great sets, so what else was required of them? Naughty Stewardesses is a relatively harmless 1970s recovery movie and will serve as a lifetime cap for certain aspects of life in this decade. Incidentally, did I mention that it is a pretty bad picture?
