It seems the people behind Envy have realized that the most recent comedies - most notably those of Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, Jack Black - have been situation freaks whose originality has been diminishing and laughing in general. I found the sheer absurdity of Zoolander absolutely funny when it was released. Starsky and Hutch were also very enjoyable. Dodgeball kept up the laughter for a lot of people, although I personally was a little tired from the over-the-top characters. Especially if the scenario was not so funny (maybe the comedy of a Dodgeball tournament does not quite translate to Australia, where it is rarely played). In an attempt to be more original, Envy deviates from an absurd scenario and instead turns to the absurd creation of Jack Black's character (I will not spoil what it is for those who want to see the movie). The problem is that the movie seems to be dragging, I'm not big enough to think of examples, but it seems like this setup has been done a thousand times - and very rarely successfully. Instead of a nice, crispy, funny and fresh comedy, you get a movie that seems to go only through the movements. Sure, the moves can be quite amusing, and they focus on an idea stubborn enough to deliver a few laughs - especially when Jack Black plays the agitated and amusing, if somewhat two-dimensional, creator. Ben Stiller, on the other hand, seems a little lost, he is asked to play a broader role than the ridiculous characters of his Zoolander movie race, but as a family man, whether his guilt or the scripts, it's not enough depth The character and that The result is a film in which Ben Stiller performs these typical behaviors and generally bores. The performance leaves no impression on the viewer (he's just Ben Stiller, Jack Black actually manages to portray a character - if not challenging). The final annoying element of the film is Christopher Walken's role as "The J Man", which is as typical and two-dimensional as the characters come, and of course it quickly becomes dull and frustrating. <br /> <br /> It's really not as unbearable as some people think, it's observable, especially if you're in the right mood (feeling silly would be a good condition to watch this movie see). Rent it with friends in a movie night and watch it after watching a scary movie and feel like something light - hopefully you get a little tipsy too. In this scenario, I can imagine that it would be fun, but in general, there are not enough laughs to carry yourself, and most of the time, it just comes along.
