I admit to like many frat-pack movies. No matter how bad they are, I think of Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn or Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "Envy" left me as cold as the white horse Ben disposed of. This time around, Ben and Jack Black are some nutty neighbors, one of whom (Black) discovers an aerosol spray to make animal excrement disappear and becomes incredibly rich while the other (Stiller) wriggles enviously. This is supposedly the plot, but then it turns in other directions that do not actually make much sense. <br /> <br /> I think the "Vapoorize" thing is somehow amusing at first sight. The problem is, they're trying to keep up the gag for the whole picture (Black has a license plate that says 'Caca King') and it gets pretty tiring. But also Ben and Jack are badly used; The energy level for both services seems to be down significantly. The two best performances are by far Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. The Neo-Hippie-Dippie-type of Walken is so unconventional and so well-modulated that he really does not suspect other well-known characters from Walken. It is absolutely unique and yet unmistakably looks like walking. And Weisz is the best actress in the industry that nobody knows. Despite the limited screen time, she still dominates every scene she's in right now. <br /> <br /> The essence of the so-called drama is that Ben inadvertently shoots Jack's award-winning white stallion in a jealous, drunken stupor. It's ridiculous to cover it up because he fears his best friend will find out and kill him. But the plot is not believable because Jack's character does not suggest he would do that. He plays such a sweet guy that he declares the whole torturous chase null and void. You completely admit it. It's all filler. And what is the meaning of the runabout that is out of control except that Barry Levinson wants us to know that he has seen "strangers on a train"? The script is painfully bad and the action of the two leads badly. Someone with Levinson's track record should know better. Maybe someone will invent something to make this movie disappear. Oh, wait, they already have.
