Jack Frost, no children, it's not the warm-hearted family movie about a father coming back from the dead as a snowman. It's about a sadistic killer named Jack Frost, who's sprayed with some sour liquid and turned into a killer snowman. I accidentally found a copy of this movie to sit back and laugh about it. A murderer snowman? Ha, sounds like the perfect comedy / horror movie! Well, I was wrong, very wrong. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is about a killer being taken to jail in a truck so he can roast on the chair at midnight. But it's a snowy night and collides with a government tanker carrying a new DNA fluid. Jack escapes only to be burned by the acid and turns into a killer snowman. He returns to the small town of Snowmonton, where he was seized by a small sheriff. Here he is ready to kill, now as a snowman with cooler powers. He can condense in the water, shoot ice cycles as spears and grow killer buckles. The only question is, who can stop Frost? This movie is located below the typical B-movie line. The cinema starts cheesy, but as soon as Jack is burned by the acid, it quickly falls under the cheese line and becomes flat. Acting is terrible! Here we have a whole bunch of actors who do not exist, who either can not act, act, but have a meaningless character, or are just here for a few dollars. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald, who plays Jack. He looks like a young Richard Kiel with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance is reduced to only three minutes and we only see his new form of snowman and his clever, cracking voice. Plus his Wisecracks are anything but funny. Moan, stupid and bad. <br /> <br /> The plot is terrible! Throughout history, there have been numerous killers. A killer in a hockey mask, a killer with a Razer glove, a chainsaw with a jerk, a fast Saint Bernard, but now we're leaning for a cheesy killer snowman? Oh come on! And the way the characters are introduced is terrible. For one, I really wanted Jack to kill the sheriff's son. I mean that his father has oatmeal with antifreeze in them so they do not freeze? All characters are stupid and pointless and the deaths belong to the cartoon. A woman with Christmas lights strangled and hit her head in a jewelry box, and a girl is knocked to death in the shower (where is the carrot in this scene?). <br /> <br /> And at the top This horrible movie is the special effects. The first big special effect we have is Jack's DNA mixing with snow, and boy is it terrible. I mean, it looks like a '60s fashion, PU! Jack looks spotty too. He looks like a person covered in rubber skin of snow. All the blood and blood are cheesy and the movie never gets great but bends down to low levels. Jack Frost is one of the worst Slasher movies ever made. I thought it was a riot, but no! It's not trying to be funny and it's actually scary. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, at least it made me laugh because it's awful. Do not even bother with this garbage. Jack Frost = D +
