This is a frugal parody of the spy genre. To formulate your expectations, you should know the following: (1) Acting is wild. The stars enjoy presenting their lines with excessive eye movements, frequent hand movements and deviant pace. (2) The script deliberately lacks continuity and plausibility. Often the lines are abruptly abrupt and humorous because they have no relevance to previous elements of the plot. (3) Shots are often framed in unbalanced angles and are fun for genres. (4) Jeff Goldblum with Pop-Eyes offers complex and classically absurd dialogues in a winningly sarcastic way. The movie has a senior mindset that deliberately starts with a plotel item stolen from the band's B films of the 1930s: a secret code with a structure that defies Carl Sagan's explanation. The movie's over-the-top movie is mainly used for comic effects in the first 90 minutes. In an early-day gag, Fay Grim's son Ned is told so many times that he has to leave, that you do not need to chuckle while regretting the boy. Parker Posey's beautifully choreographed fall out of bed also helps set a humorous tone early in the movie. <br /> <br /> The film's slow tempo does not improve the comedy elements or the later drama elements. The effect of the film as a drama is significantly reduced by the early comedy. In addition, when the early parts of the film are so sarcastic, it is difficult to overly deal with the characters and their destinies. The score is intentionally cumbersome, and I found that (and the remote camera angles) more irritating than humorous. <br /> <br /> The over-the-top acting, the implausible and almost incomprehensible conspiracy / counter-conspiracy, and the slow pace will affect many viewers. The movie is much too long with 158 minutes. <br /> <br /> That is, fans who are open-minded about the sarcasm of the film may want to watch again ... with subtitles to capture the intelligent ridiculousness of the dialogue. The movie was too slow for me and the sarcasm felt rather clumsy than carefree. But the comedy can appeal to your taste. The movie is worth a look for those who love independent films, fans of director Hal Harley or followers of Parker Posey (who has the most camera time).
