I did not see "Henry Fool", but after seeing "Fay Grim", I'm not sure if I want that. Maybe Hartley wants to be the director of "anti-thriller" - he really made it with this Yawner. Based on the official description - Frau discovers that the manuscript of her deceased husband contains material that could pose a danger to national security - I expected a taut geopolitical drama. Instead, I got a weak structure, silly dialogues, limp characterizations, an intricate storyline, and a "tone" that shifts so many times that Hartley adapts the script to his mood at all times. I can spend a long time with a frustrating, elusive plot (eg, "duplicity") because I think the loose ends will eventually come together. Even if they do not or not, but they still leave questions (such as "duplicity"), sharp writing and action can arouse interest. But half way through "Fay Grim" I achieved a deadly realization - I did not know what was going on, and I did not care. Too bad, because Parker Posey I really like. I've confined myself here to an absurd part that challenges her to shift from an indifferent, alienated woman and an indifferent, unsuspecting mother to a tough, crafty international "player" capable of psychological maneuvering with terrorists. There is also bad casting. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but as a CIA employee, he is unable to overcome abuse. He looks almost as uncomfortable in the role as I watched him doing. His CIA buddy is worse. he looks like a refugee from the quarter-final of "American Idol" (are there really young CIA agents with big hair ornaments pulled over their foreheads?). Then there is the difficult question of the age of the characters. Goldblum was 54 when he made "Fay Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan playing "Henry Fool" was 44 years old. Neither looked or seemed older than the actual age. An important point in the story, however, is that they acted as CIA agents in Nicaragua in the '70s. Goldblum's character would have been in his 20s back then; Henry Fool would have been a teenager. Was Hartley "quirky" or lazy? The problems are too numerous to list ...
