I say in this line, "I would understand," because I honestly have not seen a Hal Hartley movie yet. It's not that I did not hear anything from him because he was considered one of those little NY filmmakers (if I'm small, he's even smaller than Jim Jarmusch), who made ultra-personal projects on a limited budget. Ironically, as with Pasolini's Salo, Fay Grim, though in a slightly different context, is interested to see some of Hartley's more acclaimed features, as at least some sort of talent is behind it, as if Hartley * could be a very good filmmaker who is perhaps so good that he has just made a big experimental mistake. On the other hand, he could just be someone who is too impressed with his own idiosyncrasies and possible Godard-like cinematic collisions. <br /> <br /> I can not quite explain the story, which may be true No problem, I think, but it's not really because I did not do the movie that preceded Fay Grim, Henry Fool have seen. I think even if I had this experience, the final results would not make much difference. There's a lot of international espionage, a double conspiracy packaged in another one that fell into the wrong pocket of the title character played by Parker Posey in a low-key manner (not sure if that's good or bad and possibly both) and also involved is a CIA associate (Jeff Goldblum, as always a solid presence in the midst of mania, and even calms some laughter), not to mention an orgies-laden picture box and author Henry Fool. It's not that the script is completely impenetrable, even if it sometimes gets into excessively wide loopholes just because there are some funny or strangely strange dialogues. Simply the direction just sucks. Harltey is in love with the Third Man, which is fine, but he causes a headache all the way through, where everything is tilted, with the characters just as strangely in the frame. Not since Battlefield Earth, in fact, a director has been so annoying when he tried to make the unnecessary choice of title angles for a bizarre dramatic effect, only this time Hartley is not in the midst of a cluster, he is largely responsible for it. This, along with the weird wannabe Godard title cards that pop up here and there, some a bit amusing and some just plain stupid, and the mounting segments are all in still-shots AND some moments of action that are almost reminiscent of Ed Wood, undermine the potential of the script, which is already pretty hard to decipher. In a way, it's fascinating to see how bad it all is, but a kind of fascination that is to see the other side of total creative control in a kind of small-scale story. <br /> <br /> But let me know: this year, you probably will not find a more unlucky example of independent American filmmaking.
