MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE (1975) is an amazing and wonderful movie. That's not because the fights are particularly inspired or because the movie makes sense at all. Because the film is so stupid and exaggerated, he is a classic at the camp - bad, but pleasingly bad. The film shows a blind guy who has a frisbee-like device on a chain that cuts off people's heads as he expertly throws at his enemies! Who cares that the physics is impossible or that the movie shows such stupid things as fighters with 12 foot papier mache arms or that the guy was blind! It's just a ball I can watch from start to finish - and one of my favorite movies that are "bad" and that I can see with friends. <br /> <br /> Because of this movie I really wanted to see THE FATAL FLYING GUILLOTINES (1977), although it turned out to be sad that it was NOT a sequel, but a kind of knock-off - many ideas were made by the Original taken but neglected to make the film as coherent or observable. Sure, it's stupid fun, but there's no shortage of entertainment near MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE. Like the original movie, there are these strange flying machines that cut heads, but they are quite different - with circular saw blades and almost a head of their own. There is no blind guy, but instead there are a lot of bad guys who really have no depth and do not really understand the audience of what's going on in this English version because the plot is completely incomprehensible. At the same time, some of the martial arts are very good. Although they do not meet the high standards of most Bruce Lee or Sonny Chiba movies, the action pays off despite the ridiculous and often confusing plot. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a movie that is popular with martial artists (though there are many, many, many, many deficiencies, but also one where others are likely to turn off hysterically or laugh instead of enjoying the action because the movie is just so ridiculous BUT, most importantly, it's never nearly as funny or observable as MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE.
