This film should be shown to the film students as an example of what NOT to do. The original has kicked a big tire bangers, this terrible disaster breaks the principle of Bruckheimer films. That is, we all know they suck, but they have great action. This movie has NO ACTION. This movie is boring. Where are the cars Where are the chases? Where is the tension? Where is the tension? Where is the hurry? From where!!?? This is not really a movie, it is a bad advertisement. 50 cars in 24 hours? That's wrong. You have 3 days to steal it, the ad is wrong. How bad is that? The leads seem stiff, wooden and forced. The bad guy, the cop, the others ... who cares? They express their meaningless lines and serve the illogical conspiracy. They hit as best they can when the music video director says, "Do not worry, we'll do a lot of fast cuts and nobody will notice how bad the movie is" or "we'll fix it with a lot of loud sound." Music "The" script "is not really a script, it's more a list of clichés with an ending that's a total rip-off of: ------- warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 - ---- 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ The Refugee The biggest crime of all is the abuse of Vinnie Jones, man ... that is the worst, coolest mofo since Jules in Pulp Fiction and what are they doing to make him a damper that's barely in the movie, make Vinnie the main villain and he could have saved the movie, how could they be so stupid? The original film is very entertaining with a cool trick at the end that kidnaps the driver.The original offers a great 40-minute chase! Go to the original or if you feel like real chase, then rent RONIN The chases in Ronin raised the bar, and now all the other chases are being measured.Bruckheimer and Cage had everything that money, all those resources and all that experience, and they can not even come close to a movie shot for $ 250,000 25 years ago. How can that be? You feel like you went crazy after the movie. Where I was excited to see Coyote Ugly, Remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, I say now, God help us all. <br /> <br />
