DR. SEUSS 'HOW THE GRINCH STOLE CHRISTMAS / (2000) ** (out of four) <br /> <br /> If you want to see a holiday movie that inspires your seasonal spirits and the traditional dr. Seuss classic continues, do not see "Dr. Seuss" as the Grinch stole Christmas. " If you're old enough to read this review, you're probably too old to enjoy this movie. It contains many colors, creative production design and imaginative stage and costume constructions, happy load noises, and the characters look like the inhabitants of the fictional village of Whoville. Unfortunately, the positive elements of the film end here. The rest of the production is nothing more than an excuse for Jim Carrey to growl on the screen, giving a devilish grin as he dances through the oversized screenplay and does not have much to do. <br /> <br /> Many people recognize the story Like Grinch Whoville stole Christmas, I will not waste my time writing a detailed summary for you. However, I will say that the story of the film is done in three big acts; the development of Grinch and Setting, the Whoville Festival and Dr. Seuss that the Who stole the Who from their Christmas. There are many well-known names in the credits, but no known faces. Just like in "Battlefield Earth," I just do not see why producers would hire expensive actors just to shield their identity with unidentifiable make-up and costumes. Regardless, there is Molly Shannon of SNL as Betty Lou, the wife of Bill Irwin, who later plays Lou Lou, the father of little Cindy Lou, played by Taylor Momsen. Jeffrey Tambor is the mayor of Whoville, Anthony Hopkins gives the narrator of the film his roaring voice, and Christine Baranski is the only lost lover of the Grinch. <br /> <br /> The filmmakers try to give the story originality by adding unnecessary subplots too focused on little Cindy Lou. The script by Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman has the feeling that it is happening everywhere in the film landscape. Director Ron Howard's focus is barely or not at all and the script is predictable, too extensive and invented. The only character distinguished here is the Grinch himself. All other characters are puppets of action, informal and uninteresting. And the dialogue is overzealous and too cheesy to be anything but pathetic. Example Grinch: Oh, the Who Manity! <br /> <br /> The redeeming factors of the film go to talented production designer Michael Corenblith, costume designer Rita Ryack and the rich make-up department. "How Grinch stole Christmas" is a very good-looking production. The sets and atmosphere the filmmakers create are detailed and imaginative. it is as if the audience is visiting a world like in a dream. The people of Whoville are so made-up that we can not tell the actor who recites the humorless lines. Although it is amazing, I really can not appreciate the achievements because they are overrated because of the expensive technical department that is taking their place. Jim Carrey is an actor I can talk about. His performance is what almost destroys the movie itself. He's far too selfish as the Grinch, too exaggerated and weird to make history almost as recognizable as the work of Seuss. Surprisingly, though there are a few funny moments due to some clever, clever sequences, there's no laughter from Jim Carry's crazy stupidity. It's almost as if the film was written specifically for Carry to cover his role. This factor only leads the movie to a wild but mindless comedy that is just a pale shadow of the original Christmas classic "How the Grinch Stole Christmas". After this film, historians should review the coffin of The late author, Dr. Seuss, maybe rolled around in his grave. <br /> <br />
