(possible spoilers) <br /> <br /> Someone once asked Dr. Seuss, whether he could steal the film rights for his 1957 Christmas classic How the Grinch Christmas. He declined her, insisting that no one could do better than the wonderful 1966 Chuck Jones TV special (perhaps it was also to be remembered that he had bitter experience when writing The 5.000 Fingers of Dr. T's screenplay) Wrote in 1953). As the good Dr. Died in 1991, his widow Audrey Geisel still stubbornly refused to sell the film rights. With the everyday use of CGI effects, however, Mrs. Geisel had a change of heart. Universal made her a generous offer that she accepted; She also accepted the casting of Jim Carrey as a title character. Supposedly she was satisfied with the final result. Well, Mrs. Geisel, that's one of us. The film received a budget of $ 123 million (which even exceeds the cost of Heaven's Gate, including inflation adjustment), which obviously went in the direction of elaborate make-up, set design and special effects (which are somewhat undermined by the rather blurry cinematography ). Unfortunately, none of this money seems to be earmarked for a better script than what Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman (author of Who Framed Roger Rabbit?) Did, which turned up a better use of High Budget). While the TV special was 26 minutes without advertising, the film tries to fill a running time of 105 minutes with further background information on the Grinch. It turned out he was ridiculous as a child, including a particularly humiliating experience at Christmas at the age of eight. So it turns out that anything that harms our poor Mr. Grinch is directly related to the Whos. The problem is, it seems like a fairly long time of 105 minutes, with too much dead wood clogging up the story. That does not seem to be so bad if only the Grinch were a bit more ... well, Grinchy. The figure that Dr. Seuss wrote, and Chuck Jones later animated, was a sly fox whose sleek attempts to kidnap the Christmas season were undermined by his sudden change (and exponential growth) of the heart. Carrey's Grinch is a noisy, hyperactive fool and sometimes a thug who, when he made the holiday "Cheermeister", crumbles Whoville Town Square in rage (hopefully the scenery tastes as good as it looked). This undermines the attempt of the script to make the Grinch more sympathetic, with all Whos in Whoville (at least in this interpretation) being so unsympathetic. <br /> <br /> Dr. Whoville Seuss' vision was a small town that was inhabited by honest people who know in their hearts the true meaning of Christmas. The movie's whoville is a fairly loud and crowded place populated by spoiled, selfish, materialistic dwarfs. an obvious attempt to comment on American consumption. This is offensive <br /> <br /> hypocritical in that the movie industry has benefited greatly from American consumerism and this film has helped with a major merchandising campaign. <br /> <The film expands and defines the character of Cindy Lou Who, a small but decisive character in the original. The innocent, two-year-old Waif, who entered this fake Santa, is now older and wiser, constantly questioning the wrong values ​​of the Whos and trying to understand the point of view of the Grinch (their only main scene from the original is re-enacted) Character appears). She <br /> <br /> seems to be the only one who would ever know that Christmas is more than just presents and decorations, which makes her a completely different and more annoying character. <br /> <br /> Those who celebrate Christmas should rather accept a boulder in their stockings on the morning of December 25th than a copy of that overly long, overreacted, torturously boring, ham-fed one , rude attempt to turn the kids classic into a feature film. It proves once and for all that darkness, vulgarity, manipulation and seriousness are insufficient substitutes for charm, wit, sincerity and heart. The people of Universal should kneel and thank God that this glowing $ 123 million stink bomb brought in $ 260 million domestically or they would not be here today. Also, Mike Myers made the cat in the hat possible!
