If the makers of Atlantis had anything to say in this film, their theme was (literally) drowned out by the emphasis on "special effects" over the characterization. Almost as if trying to "keep up" with the rest of the summer action blockbusters, Disney has abandoned the character-driven, film-based approach to a shoot-em-up of Star Wars. with stereotyped heroes and villains. <br /> <br /> The art is cartography and the producers believe that they can rely on computer generated images (CGI) of flying fish boats and submarines to fill the void. They're wrong, and the days of beautiful, hand-made animations fly out of the window in favor of the assembly-line CGI. <br /> <br /> This movie is all spectacle without heart. Sometimes the movie is almost a good, worthwhile movie, but frustrated so much that it stops talking about something useful and decides instead to shine. Another problem with the movie is the tempo. It starts confusing and then starts to rise along with a choppy story editing style that is not appreciated. The viewer, along with Milo Thatch (well voiced by Michael J. Fox), rushes out the door and thinks, "There must be a lot of stuff that will happen when we come to Atlantis." Unfortunately, not much happens. The mystery of Atlantis remains a mystery to the storytellers who do not really know how to explain the legendary island / legendary continent. They are afraid to say where Atlantis is, even in a fictitious story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean? Who knows? Nothing is made hypothetical, not even from a purely fantasy-based point of view. The onlooker leaves the theater wondering, "Well, what was it about? What was the purpose of the movie? Why could the surviving Atlanteans not remember what they were like when many of them read the catastrophe to the present day? And why did Atlantis sink? "And then immediately forget what they saw. There is nothing to think about or turn around ... except the loss of money in your wallet. <br /> <br /> The characters and their motivations are equally unfathomable. Of the eccentric zillionaire who found the expedition with seemingly more money that existed all over the planet in 1914, with the seemingly more spoiler collective consciousness that enters Kida, and VOLUNTARILY leaves his people!?! The crew consists of a collection of bizarre, two-dimensional people of anachronistic (for 1914), P.C. Race and gender. The explosives expert speaks as if he came straight from a pair of Warner Brothers' Bugs Bunny shorts. Most of the jokes are rough one-liners that are largely missed by the audience for two reasons: they are delivered at lightning-fast pace and usually mumbled. The way these supportive players make a moral turn toward the end of the film is hard to believe. <br /> <br /> We welcome Disney for trying to create animated adult movies - and this is the first Disney not to have cute, talking animals or objects - the transition is not possible. Younger children are frightened by some action scenes and left in the dark by the many subtitles (when the characters speak Atlantis). In the first five minutes of the expedition, about 200 people are killed without further thought. Obviously, Disney thinks that if you did not know who these people were, why bother? Again, the film has no feelings. <br /> <br /> Mulan and Tarzan were the last Disney-produced animated films to be made extremely well. Unfortunately, Atlantis resorts to the failed attempts of the past, such as the Black Cauldron and the hunchbacks of Notre Dame. Disney has to return to its roots. A sequel to Peter Pan will be out soon, but you never know what the results will be until you see it for yourself. And now that Disney has discovered science fiction, it's hoped that they will realize that this genre needs more than just a show. We also hope that the upcoming "Treasure Planet", a science-fiction adaptation of Robert L. Stevenson's "Treasure Island", has more heart than the inscrutable "Atlantis: The Lost Empire".
