I thought "What's New Scooby-Doo" was pretty bad (yes, I'm sorry to say that I did not like it) because Hanna-Barbera did not produce it and took it a drastic step away from the old series. When I heard that "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo get a hint" in the works, I thought it might be better. However, when I saw a picture of how Scooby and Shaggy would appear, I knew this show would be bad, if not worse. I've watched a few episodes and believe it's just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" roll. Scooby and Shaggy are no longer targeting people wearing masks of cool, scary monsters robbing banks. Now they are looking for a typical super villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have also become bolder. Since Shaggy will NOT become a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually a vegetarian), the original voice of Shaggy, will NOT speak Shaggy. He will only pronounce Shaggy if he does not eat meat, and that was just a stupid change to update the franchise as if the internet jokes were not enough. So say Scott Menville (who previously voiced Red Herring on "A puppy named Scooby-Doo") Shaggy here. Believe me, the voice is really bad! Shaggy sounds like a screeching ten-year-old, and I have to admit that the voice definitely fits in with his new ugly look. However, Kasem speaks the voice of Shaggy's uncle Albert, which is a good thing. On the other hand, Scooby-Doo does not look so good. It looks like he's more like the CGI Scooby-Doo from the live action movies. Also the Frank Welker voice of Scooby (do I have to mention Brain the Dog again?) Still has not improved. Robi, the robot butler, is practically worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be funny and makes "weird" impressions and gives safety tips ("Remember children, do not stand under trees during a thunderstorm!"), But it just does not fit into a Scooby Doo cartoon. Again, the Hanna-Barbera sound effects are rarely used. In one episode, "Lightning Strikes Twice", they almost always use the thunderclaps "Castle Thunder". (Even though they still use the newly recorded thunder sound effects.) Scooby-Doo has not used any Castle Thunder effects since 1991. But my question is why "Castle Thunder" on "Shaggy and Scooby Doo Get a hint," DO NOT use it for direct-to-video movies or even for "What's New Scooby-Doo!" (Two WNSD Episodes have used it, and unfortunately that was not enough.) If WNSD and the DTV movies use it, they may be better than this crappy cartoon. On the day this show premiered, I saw the first episode and it was so bad that I turned it off after only five minutes! To distract me from this bad show, I rented "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" that came out at about the same time. And you know what? The "Pirates Ahoy" movie was actually BETTER than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo get a hint" (and even better as "What's new, Scooby-Doo!") About the franchise The direct movies that appear during this show are used for Lucky the regular character designs. Whether you loved or hated What's New Scooby-Doo, I can not recommend it. But if you hate the old series, then you will love it! (God, I hope the old Scooby Doo cartoon stays better than this new $ # *%!) Anyway, like WNSD, a really bad addition to the Scooby canon.
