Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the simplest, most successful and popular cartoon characters in the world. So what happens if you were everywhere and did everything with the formula? You turn it up right? Not correct. They stop production and let it rest for a decade, then reissue it, leaving the core of their success intact. That is, you stick to the formula for the most part, but add your special taste. That's why "What's New Scooby Doo" worked, they want to use the classic Scooby Doo formula, which had only been successfully re-invented a decade earlier in "A Pup Scooby Doo", but largely untapped since the original became "Scooby Doo Where Are You". <br /> <br /> The first sign (of me) of a weak offer is the inclusion of foreign characters. There may be some fond memories of past iterations, but when you think of "Scooby Doo," you usually do not think of Film-Flam, Scrappy Doo, or Scooby Dum. Worse yet, the exclusion of the other core members of Mystery Inc. generally points to a group of production workers who do not understand from the children's point of view how the show works. The basic requirement has always been a group of people who are diametrically opposed to the gathering and who, through their individual, stereotypical qualities, can master the tasks they have set themselves. <br /> <br /> This next section is just my thesis, so skip it if you want: I hope that I can explain why I think that fumbling with the basic elements of the show is my interpretation of what the gang is and how they contribute to the whole, is detrimental. Fred represents the driver. In general, Fred's goal is to give direction, organization and subtasks to the group. Fred is not a happy teenager, he's your boss, your teacher, your father, your authority. Fred moves without hesitation and is controlled by tasks (problem is always the solution for Fred). In many ways, Fred is the opposite of Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, the guy who's a bit more scared of things than you are. He's what makes you brave and not behind the pack. Shaggy stands for emotions and often shows emotional extremes from arousal to anxiety. Velma represents rational thinking, she uses logic, but as we see again and again on the show, she needs clues that are mostly collected in pieces by the other members of the show. Alone, would Velma solve a puzzle? The group is often in situations where truths are not obvious, and only by chance encounters do they gain the information they need to accomplish their task. Chance is portrayed by Daphne. At one point (I think it's the first Scooby Doo series), she was described as "vulnerable." Authors have used Daphne to connect non-contiguous events by chance. She is often the one who finds the secret door, the collection of objects, or other details that help the gang combine clues. Finally, Scooby represents the participant himself. He is always in the center of the action, capable of all the things the rest of the gang is capable of, but hindered because he is not human and much like the television viewer can not really attend. Scooby Doo works because all of these personalized elements of problem solving are instantly recognizable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> Maybe I've gone over things, but in my life I have seen a lot of Scooby Doo (30 years old) for years self-proclaimed nerd, it somehow rolls with the territory). For me, there is a spell with the classic "Scooby Doo" formula that you should never deal with. <br /> <br /> As many have pointed out; Scooby Doo is not a great work of art and not completely banal. It falls into the category of programming that young eyes can look at with a hearty bowl of cereal. Playing with raw simplicity turns it into something else, a little less.
