Darcy and her little daughter Pamela travel to the country where her mother's friend Peter left his doctor's office in the city to become a writer and build a bed and breakfast. Although this inn has a terrible past and Pamela learns from a girl who lives in the city, a deformed witch is once inside this house. They called her the "tooth fairy" because she would kill children after they had their last tooth. This work at the inn has awakened the "tooth fairy". Now she's targeting Pamela and her last baby tooth, but if anyone is going to face the same fate that Pamela expects. They paint them very generously, as you would believe as a child. They do not just love turning happy childhood memories into nightmares! Another that fell into the same category was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can not compare how similar they are in the premises because I did not see the latter, but I usually read that they basically have the same idea. For a bit straight to DVD movie, this DTV performance looks good and contains some promising images that surround the senseless and traditional with the bookplotting device. Low expectations are required, as I would not classify it as a success, but I found it a bit entertaining. <br /> <br /> Cory Strode and Cookie Rae Brown's story or background for this 'Tooth Fairy' character is completely nude, leaning more toward a Slasher vehicle than anything truly supernatural. Silly is a great way to describe what's going on in this poorly scripted story, but it never really feels like a fairytale horror. The dialogues may seem superfluous and morally driven. While acting is simply inferior to the bland characters they have to work through, director Chuck Bowman offers imaginative blood spatter and terribly unpleasant thrusts. This species compensates for the lack of tension, zero anxiety and generic tone. His direction is reasonably serious and visually capable, where he gets atmospheric lighting that stands out well from the smooth photography. The promising opening scene is incredibly effective. Its tempo can slow down in part, and it adds to the strange and unnecessary slow motion scene, but it never gets boring when something active happens, which makes me not bored. <br /> <br /> The make-up special effects provided the goods, as there is enough disgusting porridge and the appearance of the tooth fairy is particularly sticky. The figure of the Tooth Fairy can be threatening in her black robe, bubbling make-up and fast movements. Being on-site helps to create a more natural feel and can be atmospherically rich in monstrosity. Children performers can be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was decent in her role. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are a bit solid, but they can be a bit behind in their performances as Peter and Darcey. The radiantly beautiful Carrie Anne Fleming is one of her subtenants. PJ Soles shows to a small extent as a superstitious neighbor trying to warn her of the evil that hides in the inn. <br /> <br /> I thought it was an okay, time waster, that has a solid concept that just fits is not enough concrete and the execution is a pretty textbook. Watchable nonsense, but at the same time extremely forgotten.
