The Tooth Fairy is located in a small town somewhere in Northern California, where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) has brought an agricultural estate that he wants to renovate and turn into a Holiday Inn. He is accompanied by his girlfriend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West). & her young 12-year-old daughter Pamela (Nicole Munoz), who arrives to help on the weekend. While exploring the property, Pamela encounters another young girl named Emma (Jianna Ballard), who warns her that evil is lurking in her new home. She tells a story of a wicked old witch known as Tooth Fairy who takes children's teeth and then kills them. Pamela is worried and becomes all the more as she falls off her bike and her last baby tooth fails. It does not take long before the evil spirit of the Tooth Fairy has her eyes fixed on Pamelas tooth. Only for kicks she decides to kill her comes over ... <br /> <br /> Under the direction of Chuck Bowman, I thought The Tooth Fairy is just a bad horror movie for low budget low budget horror movies that does not differ from the countless others. Fill in obscure cable TV programs until late at night, basically it's not very good. The script by producer Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode and Cookie Rae Brown is a complete snooze feast for the first 40 minutes, nothing interesting happens at this time ever and is basically boring as if this stuff was going to surprise someone the characters, put on the legend of the Tooth Fairy and that's it. The second half of the film improves slightly, but even then it is hardly spectacular, there are some decent stage sets, but otherwise everything is very predictable and forgetful. The characters are not great and most of them are just to kill themselves, the story has disagreements like the story of the Tooth Fairy herself. She says she kills children after they've bitten her teeth, indiscriminate killing spree, nothing has to do with teeth? What happened to her after the 1949 prologue? Why did she come back as a ghost? Although she is a ghost of some sort, she seems to be very human, opening the doors herself and killing with weapons, but there is no attempt to use the supernatural elements except the ghostly children who played for maximum feeling Director Bowman is fine, it's reasonably well done, and there are some decent scenes, but nothing to complain about. There is nothing I would call scary or atmospheric, and do not pay attention to the comparisons between this and Darkness Falls (2003), as they are completely different except for the teeth. The blood is fine, someone is pushed into a wood chipper, it is beheaded, someone has chopped off his penis and the best scene is when someone gets nailed to a door and then the belly is ripped open with an ax and the guts glide out. <br /> <br /> With a purported budget of about $ 1,500,000, The Tooth Fairy is generally well done, but there is nothing special to see. Acting is not great, but it's not so bad & I did not find the children actors so annoying, that's something I suspect. <br /> <br /> The Tooth Fairy is the usual slightly under average modern modern horror movie that can be found everywhere these days. If you find a cheap copy, it can take 90 minutes if you are not too exhausting. Otherwise it is pretty miserable and unforgettable.
