I should have known when I looked at the box in the video library and saw Lisa Raye - to me she is the female Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" for * ANY * movie. It is almost * guaranteed * that the film is bad (eg Congo) when Hudson is around (with the exception of the Ghostbusters films, which were intentionally foul and bad). Despite my instincts and the fact that I just saw Civil Brand, another cinematic "Tour de Force" with Lisa Raye, I still rented it. Finally, I ignored my "Hudson Instinct" at OZ and looked at a very high quality series. I thought I would give this movie a chance. <br /> <br /> If you are a lover of bad movies, this is an absolute must! This must be the most funny movie I've seen in a long time. The plot is pretty straightforward: Rachael's (Monica Calhoun) sister is killed by a band of brigands (under the baton of Bobby Brown!), And like many action films before, she just straps herself around the gun once and vows to avenge her sisters' death , To do this, she puts together the title gang, Rosen (allegedly based on a true story of a female gang), and they go out and take revenge. Along the way there is a subplot or something else about gold that could be buried in the city. One nice thing I'm going to say about this movie is that the stars were riding to my own skill and galloping great. <br /> <br /> The funniest (albiet unintentionally funny) scenes? Watch as they introduce the character of Stacy Dash, or when Calhoun's character ceases to obey their rifles (clenched with a fist in the sky) or Lil 'Kim's character, with Lisa Raye's character or Stacy's dead character Dash jokes Kim's character to convince Lisa Raye's character to join the gang or the Asian chick or Macy Gray's character talking about "The debt is paid", etc. With the exception of Calhoun's Racheal and Bobby Brown's left eye, I can not stand it remember names of the other characters because I laughed so hard when they were introduced. <br /> <br /> If the director had opted for parody and broad comedy, this would have been a great movie. Unfortunately, he seems to be trying to take it seriously, without exposures, sound designs (in his defense, hip-hop is notoriously difficult to work in one piece), stage design, screenwriting or historical research (was I or Ware the cleanest, whitest-toothed man When I see a movie that is not so good, I usually ask myself, "Could you do it better?" This is the first time in a long while that the answer is a definite "YES."
