I do not see enough TV game shows to understand the appeal of SHOW ME THE MONEY, but I think it's an incentive for an unpretentious audience. Seemingly a quiz show, it offers participants huge sums of money to answer a few simple questions. However, their quiz elements play only a minor role in the process, which I find very complicated. For example, before answering a question, a competitor selects which question to ask by choosing between the random choices "A," "B," or "C." Is this for a purpose other than slowing down the game? It would be much quicker to just start with "A". Participants can forward questions, but must answer one of the three questions in each category. After answering a question, the participant is asked to "lock in" the answer - another delaying tactic. The candidate's next task is to name which woman out of about a dozen go-go dancers in cages reveals a card that indicates how much the issue is worth. If the answer is correct, the dollar number of the card is added to the current total of the subscriber. An incorrect answer subtracts the same amount. In fact, this time-consuming step has an entertainment value as the audience can see the lightly dressed and uniformly beautiful dancers up close. Meanwhile, the participant is reminded that an unfortunate selection of the "Killer Card" ends the game immediately. This of course causes the participant to sweat and causes further delays, as the nervous participant considers the sudden loss of hundreds of thousands of dollars. I suspect that the possibility of a sudden disaster is the show's main attraction. Meanwhile, the entire process is slowed down by a lot of empty banter between the host William Shatner and the participant as well as the participant additionally occasional routines of the imprisoned dancers. All these delays burn so much time that the audience can not forget the original question until the right answer has emerged. A typical 30-minute episode of JEOPARDY often comes through 60 questions. The first 30 minutes of SMTM I saw answered only six questions (many of which concerned other TV shows). No one in the right mind would see this show because it's fun to answer the questions at home. This leaves three possible reasons to watch the show. <br /> <br /> A. To see how a candidate responds by winning up to a million dollars to lose everything in one fell swoop. <br /> <br /> B. Look at gorgeous young women performing sexually suggestive dance routines. <br /> <br /> C. To enjoy William Shatner's dazzling banter. <br /> <br /> My choice is "B", but the women are not in front of the camera long enough to justify the suffering of an hour of this show.
