Why would anyone want to see this ?! If this was a movie a teenager posted on YouTube, I might have applauded the teenager for doing so much with his mother's video camera. I could also have congratulated his family and friends for doing a good job. Unfortunately it was made by a very experienced filmmaker and these were apparently professional actors - making this movie a very sad movie. Sad ... and really pathetic. As I said, it definitely has a direct video look to it. It also has narrative and acting that only "unprofessional" screaming - how could that be ?! The movie is full of corpses and blood. Normally that would scare me off, because I hate ultra-violent movies and do not like all that. However, since none of this is so realistic, it is bearable. However, I should warn you that there are some scenes that are still quite disturbing. For example, the scene in which the child throws a radio into a woman's bath and looks at her naked and fry is pretty bad. There are also scenes in which you can hear the thought of psychos while they dream of killing women. With a certain misogyny, which is pretty awful. The people who wrote this are pretty sick - how killing women is for our entertainment. After a series of pointless murders, the film goes to a dining table - around it a bunch of puff balls with black hoods WITHOUT eye holes! They speak with pride about all the murders they have committed and sing. It's all very funny, although I'm not sure if that was the purpose of the scene. Then the film talks about various sex crimes and murders as well as vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I do not know - maybe because they made people get that kind of crap. And again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a scary, German-looking man as he tracks and kills people. <br /> <br /> By the way, given the film used, I have to assume I wondered why so many people were chosen who were clearly German. While they tried to behave like Americans, and the movie was supposed to be in California, the accents are strong. Perhaps the German viewers have watched this and are amazed at how "realistic" the drama was, but for every American it is obvious that these people are not their American fellow citizens! Considering that there really was a zodiac killer (who was never captured), I wonder why anyone wants to make a "fan movie" for the ill threat ?! I mean ... was this movie meant as a snuff film for pervert? I just can not see anyone who wants to see or enjoy it. In fact, I wonder, what would motivate someone to make such a stupid AND offensive movie ?! Worthless and worthy of being in the Bottom 100 list of IMDb.
