Well, as Goethe once said, there is really no point in making a negative judgment that is objectively "something that has had a great effect". "La Maman et La Putain" has certainly gone down in history as influencing much of the activity that has been done in France and elsewhere for the last thirty years. Nobody, who is interested in the history of the film, should at least refrain from watching. However, to express a purely subjective judgment, I feel compelled to disagree with almost every other review published here and to tell people, "Do not pay attention, it's a waste of hours you just feel sick leave you angry. " And by that I do not mean "sick and angry" about "the human condition" or anything as general and profound as that, because that's exactly the line that most critics have adopted in their fulsome praise of the movie - "a torture" in his ruthless dissection of our emotional cowardice and cruelty, "and so on - and if it were really possible to convey a general or even generally relevant message of this sort, the director would have a good reason to be content with himself My beef with the film is more that I see this hour-long record of empty vanity and insignificant betrayal not as justified or excused by a GENERALLY relevant message.All three main characters are deeply morally unattractive individuals: Alexandre, of course, because by far we see most of him and because he sel for more than thirty seconds; Marie maybe the least, because we see the least of her. Of course, Alexandre's concerned and overbearing monologues have a sort of amusement, but the amusement diminishes, as it becomes increasingly clear that Jean-Pierre Léaud most likely does not even play, and that with absurd remarks like "un homme" beau comme un film de Nicholas Ray " he literally literally reproduced opinions that were accepted as authentic and profound by the milieu in which he lived together with the director Eustache for about ten years, I think, when the tone of relentless superficiality and triviality exceeds 100 Although he could have survived as a long sardonic comedy about a particularly flat, worthless, and despicable milieu after '68, this viewer was at least extremely angry with the director because he had at least one longer scene for Alexandre and Veronika granted that we are expected to be empathize with them and feel like they are sharing a moral universe with us. If a man can live in the flat and admit to loving a woman, to sleeping with another (mostly in this very shallow flat) and walking around in Paris to propose marriage to a third, well, I guess I can Wishing him good luck in the dog meat world he designed for himself. However, what I can not do to the best of my conscience is to hear from him only a few monocular monologues in which he speaks of his "fear" and his "desperation". The same applies twice to the even more despicable Veronica, who shows us how drunk the apartment and even the bed that Marie and Alexandre share and behaves with a childish disagreement that amounts to the cruellest and cruel cruelty. If I say that "La Maman et la Putain" is nothing but a portrait of Alexandre, Veronica, and Marie, three persons that any halfway decent person would never take into their society, let alone their home I assume it gives some kind of legitimacy when you praise the director for being "fearless" (though you should even feel like "twitching" after deliberately choosing to create such thoroughly repulsive characters as to watch them cinematically , I can not imagine). The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and it seems to have succeeded in convincing generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronica and Marie are somehow representative of people in general and of the limits of human emotional capabilities. This latter idea, however, is an offensive and offensive nonsense. There may actually be an inherent fallibility and tendency to tragedy in human relationships in general and in sexual relations in particular. However, the nature and extent of this fallibility and the tendency to tragedy can only be determined by those who are seriously trying to make such relationships work. It certainly requires no cinematic or authoritarian genius to convey to us the information that a man behaving like Alexandre will end up hateful, miserable and alone, or that women who insist on love from a man like Alexandre expect, end disappointed and bitter. Take a look at "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in what happened in a particular Parisian Parisian milieu after 1968 for culture and human interaction, which was probably not confined to just a few particularly anti-social types like these. But please do not make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has a general relevance to humanity, as could be the case with a film by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese.
