This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. I'm not exaggerating, I told the guy from Blockbuster to take him off the shelf. The only interesting thing about this film is the box. On the box is "from the director of the boogeyman", so I figured ... whatever, if this was done recently, I'm sure the direction will at least not be too bad: - but after I have the watched the movie and watched what "Boogeyman" they talked about, it's a nonsense from the early 1980s that he made. Great way to rope in unsuspecting spectators. Anyway, I think she just liked the name "Zodiac Killer", and did not bother exploring the actual star crime or his MO or even the years in which he was active. All the crimes they talk about have nothing to do with the zodiac, and the "stories" about the primordial zodiac take place several years after the crimes of the zodiac. They compare the sign of the zodiac with "Vampire of Dusseldorf" Fritz Haarman during the entire film and often speak with Fritz "son". The Zodiac and the Haarman were nothing like it, and it makes more sense to compare him to BTK, who also shot people, not a man who killed people by chewing his throat. None of the Haarman facts is correct, just a bunch of jumbled nonsense. His son even says "Do not forget, his name was Fritz Haarman with 2 t" ... ... His real name has only one! I think the author / director just typed a Google search for serial killers. The fastest were the Zodiac killer and Fritz Haarman. "Ooh, they sound like cool names, let's make a movie about it, without investigating it! A great idea!" <br /> <br /> Perhaps my favorite inconsistency in this film is the way in which both the experts and the adolescents are so murderers describe that he suffers from DSM-IV and is cured of it. "I have also been diagnosed with DSM-IV and have since recovered", etc. For those who do not, DSM-IV is the psychological manual for mental disorders. If someone suffers from the book itself, it must have some serious problems! Haha. Anyway, my point is that this is at the top of my 5 worst movies ever, and it rarely happens that a movie ever reaches that point. But if you're interested in a completely non-factual story about serial killer that happens to be just boring, full of inexperienced actors and not completely rational, I would say watch this movie. <br /> <br /> ... Oh, and I liked how the killer made some of his victims "tear gas" with dry ice. Nice touch ...
