I start with the good points. The movie was only 86 minutes long and some of them were so bad that it was funny. Now for the low points. My first warning sign was associated with a real "warning" in the movie. The following warning was displayed at startup: "The movie you are about to see contains graphic and disturbing images because, contrary to popular belief, killing is neither funny nor pretty nor romantic." I should have saved the 86 minutes and then turned them off. The first words of the film were: "I'm in the glue factory." It was a guy talking on his phone and he was referring to a nursing home as a glue factory. I do not know why. The basis of the film is that a child is obsessed with the Zodiac killer and begins to imitate him. The budget for this film was at least $ 50 and they had to use the cheapest cameras they could find. Acting was worse than me reading directly from a script. That's what they looked like. The script was horrible and the big "twist" was that this guy who wrote a biography of the Zodiac killer was actually the Zodiac killer. Of course, they tried to show it subtly, but made it completely obvious within the first 10 minutes. Without any more painful details of the plot, here were some horrible highlights of the movie. They try to make the Zodiac killer compare to an "army of one" because soldiers are really just killers. Then they tried a try on "Satanic Worship" by showing some black-hooded men in a meeting. The big "computer hacker" could get that kid's address when someone gave him the kid's name and phone number. For some reason, he had to hack into the FBI to reach someone. I'm not sure why he did not just look it up in the phone book or use whitepages.com. There was also a random allusion to 9/11 for no reason. I have also learned that no matter where you are shot, blood comes out of your mouth within seconds. <br /> <br /> So if you really like bad acting, sub par scripts, bad camera work and an obvious plot, you'll love Zodiac Killer!
