In a nutshell, "The Groove Tube" is one of the most lewd, uncleversten and horrible films ever made. This "comedy" is so empty of anything that in the distance resembles a trace of joke that it's almost incomprehensible that it was ever made. I almost said that because there are fans of everything. <br /> <br /> This movie is not even "good" or bad "bad". Bringing this film to the same level as "Plan 9" or "Robot Monster" would be a crime for these films. You can actually watch films like these and make a kick out of them. But this movie is so bad, so badly made, played and filmed and so unbelievably old-fashioned that there is not even a trace of "camp" or "lock". <br /> <br /> Even though this was done before the premiere of Saturday Night Live, comparisons were probably inevitable. I'm not a big fan of SNL, but this movie is worse than the worst SNL sketch you can find. And man, that's BAD. Just to keep viewers from leaving, Shapiro occasionally throws in a couple of breasts, but badly filmed breasts from 1974 will not inspire anyone these days. To be honest, this movie is so poorly made and is a sleep-inducing excursion. I doubt he also got anyone excited in 1974. A man named Ken Shapiro made this movie. I swear to God, every ten-year-old with a video camera could have done something funnier and smarter. It's just unreal - that's really an incredible movie. The "jokes" and "gags" are so infantile that even little boys who like to sneak into father's porn magazines at night will not laugh. <br /> <br /> I'll give one thing to this movie - the very last sequence The sequence "Dancing", in which a man (Shapiro) dances to a tune on the streets of New York, is for sure the best in this one terrible movie. Not that the "Dancing Man" scene is so great either - she definitely has her moments not to be smart, as Shapiro desperately tries to schedule the time for the entire song - but he was actually seeing something. The part of this sequence in which the policeman begins to dance with the man is the only trace of wisdom in the entire film. No wonder Shapiro presented this sequence last - even though she is not that great herself, she simply beats everything else in this "movie." <br /> <br /> Otherwise, this movie is such a complete crap, it is as unfathomable as a real human being can be so smart. The name of this movie should have been "Ken Shapiro's Craparama". It's amazing that this has been done, but many really talented filmmakers are not coming in. However, I would say that NYU geniuses will love this movie. Total garbage.
