First of all, I would like to point out that the reason why I rated this film 1 out of 10 stars is that there is no option to NOT award stars! it is really that bad! I was never curious to see this movie after seeing the ads for it. After all, I only saw it by accident, because some of my friends had tickets and had a spare part, so I got involved. Before I saw it, I had a pretty good idea that it would not be awesome - the premise seemed far too stupid and dumb to make any good of it, but in the back of my mind I thought, "but there must be something good for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson, as far as the movie is concerned ... "Not that I think that either one is particularly great, but they are big-name stars who would normally only make films that would enhance their reputation. After about 10 to 20 minutes, I realized that the movie was probably worse than I expected. I was shocked at how horrible the script was. It really gave the actors nothing to work with, so much so that they really looked like they did not know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - if you saw the ad, you've pretty much seen the movie! And there was nothing original about it - it borrowed just about every "superhero" story that would ever have been, which would be acceptable if the movie had been set up as a satire of that genre, but unfortunately not. The direction seemed to be realistic. I felt that the director wanted the film to be totally realistic and not satirical at all, and yet there were some moments in the film that were so incredibly unrealistic that it would have worked if it were a satire. In one moment in the movie, two of the characters seem to die, and one of the surviving characters has a line like "Well, she's dead ... time to move on," and he says it in such a droll voice that it's completely canceled It makes no sense. After about 40 minutes, I checked my watch to see how much longer I would have to go through. And then it struck me ... I started to think "I wonder if the studio has taken this picture as a test to see if they can make the worst movie ever made, and yet a big one Attract audience ... "I could not. There's no other reason why this movie should be made. For films to be filmed today, the script undergoes an extensive screening process and very few scripts actually get into production. I can not understand how this script survived the first drafting phase and the stupid-founding Ly dummer climax, I laughed heartily - not just about what the filmmakers wanted me to laugh at, but about how ridiculous and stupid the movie was , Thank God I did not have to pay any money for that ... because that really annoyed me !!! Oh, and I could just add that of the two Wilson brothers I've always preferred Luke because I think he's a better, more versatile actor ... but if he wants to step further into OWEN's shadow then it is just the way to do it ... I doubt that after this shitty waste of 2 hours, he gets a lot more job offers !!! and remember, it only has a generous 1/10 because I could not choose 0!
