It's easy to see how this below-average screenplay got through in the early sales pitch at Regency Films (and later Fox): Cross the superhero genre with a comedic version of "Fatal Attraction" ... voilà! I do not know how in the world a talented director like Ivan Reitman got involved, unless the pay was too tempting. A timeless employee in an architecture office in N.Y.C. a girl meets in the subway and asks her out; Despite the fact that she is distracted and uncomfortable, he eventually puts her to bed - only to find out later that she is the superhero of the Big Apple, G-Girl. However, this superman, who is endowed with powers from a fallen meteorite, is not a fantasy heroine. Scriptwriter Don Payne has found her a needy, possessive, vindictive slut (but he telegraphs it to us from a distance of several miles). Uma Thurman still plays the role of cheeky laughter. This is a kind of worthless movie where no insult can pass. Our introduction to leading man Luke Wilson, who is talking to Rainn Wilson on the train, is accompanied by a sour search for gays (it makes us think that these two buddies are all women). After being approached by G-Girls Nemesis, who wants to restrain her powers, Wilson is told that this will make her an ordinary woman to be despised ... and is not that better? Thurman's early appearances in films such as "Henry & June" and "Jennifer 8" showed an intelligent woman with square grace and hypnotic posture. Her films with Quentin Tarantino helped reveal her sinewy hardness and intensity, but at a price (the actress apparently lost her graceful touch). The picture was exceptionally well produced and recorded with expensive special effects, with no one bothering to find the humor in this scenario. It is intrusive, grinning, ugly and poorly staffed. Bloated, frozen Wilson can not tell any of his peers that he runs out with G-Girl because she swears he'd rather have a chainsaw in the rectum. I wonder if writer Payne actually thought that was funny ... or if someone did? * from ****
