Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks she has found the perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman) who seems like a quiet but pretty woman, although she soon learns she is needy and possessive, and she is also the superheroine G-Girl, although you would not know about the things she did to Matt after he freaked out and broke up with her. <br /> <br /> A promising premise is ruined by a mediocre execution. My super-ex-girlfriend is still a funny comedy, but she relies too much on cheap sex jokes and ends up having an unforgettable experience. What went wrong? The cast and the director could not overcome the weakness of the script and I did not like how they played it. I expected the guy to be an idiot, and it could have been a female fantasy revenge movie. However, they made the guy likeable and turned the superhero into a psycho. It was just not fresh and after about forty minutes the movie was thoroughly welcome. Sure, there were some funny lines, but the weak ending and the terrible end prevented him from really breaking out. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Reitman has lost his contact. After a successful run in the eighties and early nineties, he started making crap like Evolution and Father's Day. I would not say that my super-ex-girlfriend is a complete bankrupt, but I do not give him credit for the quality of the film, which is not too much. Don Payne did a terrible job with the script. The majority of the jokes were lame and most minor characters were just a touch. He kept using the same jokes that made the thing really boring at times. Some of the actors were good enough to save the movie. Uma Thurman was great as a G-Girl and she had a lot of funny lines. Luke Wilson was a bit pale and not very interesting. I do not think he cares for a responsive senior man, and he can do more to support roles than in The Family Stone. Anna Faris was doing her "Scary Movie" routine and it's getting old. She needs a challenge or at least some better scripts. Wanda Sykes is for me either a hit or a failure. She was great in Monster-In-Law and she was bad at office workers 2. Here she is just annoying and does not bring anything into the movie. Eddie Izzard was fine, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the movie. It was not that bad, but it had so much potential and the end result was so average. Rating 5/10
