SEVEN POUNDS: EMOTIONAL FLAT, ILLOGICAL, MORALLY DISTURBING <br /> <br /> The film was distributed in Italy as "Seven Souls". I was curious about the original title and after some research I found out that it is Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice, where the usurer Shylock makes a terrible connection with the merchant Antonio, who must give him a pound of meat if he has his Debt can not repay. While the Italian translation turns Ben's plan into something profound, marked by human compassion, the original, though cultivated so as to be unnoticed by anyone, only makes something cold, sensible, deeply rooted in the root system physical in relation to the flesh Side of man. Unfortunately, I think the real quality of Ben's plan comes from the original title: It's a cold machination that aims to 'donate' parts of his body, but without authentic human empathy, at least this does not give the audience the chance to see or perceive any pure relationship of souls within the entire movie. The only exception is the love story with the girl, which seems to be a kind of unprogrammed event that Ben gives in, but is unable to convey real emotional involvement. I really did not like the idea at the core of the film: the idea that even though a person devoured the pain of the death of his lover and other people he caused, he makes a decided decision to express his feelings Guilt through suicide: Apart from being unlikely, it makes no sense. I would have liked it, and I think it would have been better if Ben had finally decided to give up the idea of ​​suicide and live on to help the same people and maybe many others who are close to them and them help by his presence. Of course, he would not have miraculously saved her life: this would probably have caused more suffering, but I think it could have been more human and morally constructive. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the first reference to God's creation in seven days (which, according to the Bible, is six!): What does that mean? And what about a woman who suffers from a heart disease that prevents her from running and even singing without feeling bad, having normal sex with a man who feels like it should His wife's death was destroyed and donated. Organs and parts of his body do not seem to be so emotionally and physically tested? The film is saved by good action, but the rest is pure nonsense, not only from a logical point of view, but also from a human and emotional point of view.
