Contains spoilers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson made some great films, especially "Ice Cold in Alex" and "Cape Fear", but "Country Dance" is one of his more interesting offerings. The story takes place among the upper classes of rural Scotland and describes the curious triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, an eccentric aristocratic landowner, his sister Hilary and Hilary's strange husband Douglas, who hopes for a reconciliation with her. We learn that Charles was considered "weakly moral" during his army officer career. This seems to have been an accurate diagnosis of his condition; Throughout the film, he shows a bleak attitude of disillusionment with the world, and his main source of emotional support seems to be Hilary and his whiskey bottle. The film ends with his commitment to a madhouse of the upper class. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole was at his best when, as in 'Lawrence of Arabia', he was one of Britain's leading actors, but the quality of his work was very mixed and 'Country Dance' not one of his better films. He exaggerates frantically and makes Charles a caricature of the useless inbreeding aristocrat, as if auditioning for a role in Monty Python's "Upper Class Twit of the Year" sketch. Susannah York as Hilary and Michael Craig as Douglas are better, but there is no really outstanding acting performance in the film. There is also little coherent conspiracy beyond the story of Charles's unstoppable downhill slide. The main problem of the film, however, is neither the acting nor the conspiracy, but rather the theme that dares not speak his name. There is half-hearted evidence of an incestuous relationship between Charles and Hilary, or at least an incestuous attraction for her, and that his distaste for Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in the swinging sixties and early seventies (the date of the film was variously cited as 1969 or 1970) there was a limit to what the British Board of Film Censors allowed, and a film with an explicitly incestuous theme was definitely banned. (The American title for the movie was "Brotherly Love," but it was not used in the UK, was it too suggestive for the BBFC's liking?) These clues are never developed, and we never know what motivated Charles or what caused his moral collapse, resulting in a hollow film with a hole in the middle. 4.10
