If you're renting a movie called Exterminators of the 3000, chances are you know what you're getting into. I myself was sold by the promising descriptions of "nuke mutants", "motor psychos" and of course the "annihilators" themselves who, according to the back of the movie business, are all around a post-apocalyptic barren wasteland bringing with them all kinds of chaos , Let the crazy hijinks and the cheap buffoons follow - at least I was hoping for this "movie". Now I like the occasionally horrible movie, and if you read the comments on Exterminators of the Year 3000 you probably do too. Still, I've rated this movie a solid "1 (awful)" - not because I totally hated the movie, but because it's one of the most legitimate and terrifying filmmaking I've ever seen. The dialogue, the drama, the cinematography, the sound editing, the editing in general, the plot, etc., etc., etc. - all are worth what, given this wonderful title, must surely be low spectator expectations. <Br /> <br /> What's really good about this bad movie? It has some of what my circle affectionately "kills quality." For the few of you who are unfamiliar with the term, a quality homicide is not a harsh and fast word, but generally refers to someone being killed in a particularly cruel, creative, or ridiculous way. The Year 3000 also has one fair offer of "dialogue-so-bad-will-be-fun" provided by Crazy Bull, the aptly-titled leader of the hapless motor psycho gang, who incidentally also supply most of the quality killings (if Hoping for big things from the nuclear mutants, think again, they essentially play a nil role in the movie ... shucks!). Crazy Bull, however, is everything you can expect from a b-movie motor psycho. Shakespeare paraphrase and weird PG style insults are all he can say ... and that's great. Despite its quality and poor dialogue, if you are looking for a really entertaining, bad looking movie, The Exterminators of the Year 3000 disappoints something inasmuch as they only have stupid and outdated special effects, quality murders, and poor dialogues to a full feature length mainly due to the forty minutes or so, in which the audience is forced to follow the characters in lengthy and boring car chases and long desert walking sequences ... All in all, a pretty good horrible movie, but hey It's not a Death Race 2000
