Jeffrey Combs is an insane scientist whose stem cell research has morphed into a devilish scheme to create a hybrid hammerhead shark humanoid life form, hoping to breed a brand new breed with Hunter Tylo's uterus. It will not be easy for Tylo, a hardened man, and her friend William Forsythe will not give her up without a fight. <br /> <br /> As you can see, Tylo and Forsythe are two managing directors of Arthur Roberts' staff, brilliant minds who get to know Combs (a scientist who once worked for Roberts and whose free job was with Tylo) Island fortress, where he carries out his research and experiments. This island offers him the opportunity to make new sacrifices for his work and his "son". They consider it a professional matter in terms of a breakthrough in stem cell research that could lead to the cure of a variety of diseases. Combs's son died of kidney cancer when he decided to pursue his crazy science on him, and created this bloodthirsty, carnivorous creature that can swim as well as walk in the dry land (although the hammerhead initially could only stay outside for a short time ). Tylo went out with Combs' son, hence the connection next to the two who had worked for Roberts, who brought his trophy wife Mariya Ignatova. Also Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova are accompanied by their colleagues Elise Muller and GR Johnson. Combs catches her in a conference room, but they can escape to the island as he sends his well paid mercenaries and the Hammerhead son after them. <br /> <br /> Like similar sci-fi channel creatures of this kind, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some pretty unappetizing computer-generated effects, and the attacks (... where the shark tears the limbs apart) are processed in a fast-paced, raspy camera format, which makes it difficult for you to ever see the bloody bloodbath. They have this vague idea that a person is being eaten (.. torn to shreds), but the attacks themselves are shot down in a very unpredictable way, which, frankly, is quite annoying. The monster itself is never seen in its entirety, it is only snapshots of an eye or part of the body where the victim gnaws, while the victim screams in horror. One thing is certain, you see teeth. We get CGI shots of the hammerhead shark swimming to the screen, all threatening and ready to enjoy meat. A constant is while (and after) victims are being attacked. We see a lot of blood and pieces of meat gushing to the surface of the water (... that is really the main argument of director Michael Oblowitz, who informs the viewer that the torn ones are affected apart from Goner). <br /> <br /> Combs does not break new ground as a scientist, but he has always been able to convey a quiet madness under this cold-blooded resolve. It's fun to see Forsythe in a rare purebred heroic role, very much against the guy as an electronics wiz (he thinks he can actually do it), who has to take a leadership position when the group is exposed to an unprecedented danger. Tylo also plays a very different role, a scientist who can defend herself quite well. Roberts can play the millionaire businessman roles in his sleep, and it's pretty nice to fire a machine gun at Comb's soldiers (though his fate is not pleasant). That also mentioned that it was really entertaining to see Forythe and Tylo Combs 'knocking down' rented clubs with confiscated automatic machine guns. As expected, the script allows those who created the murderous enemy to put themselves in unnecessary danger just to pay for their sins. I mean, seriously, would these people knowingly make themselves vulnerable to being attacked after seeing the damage human anatomy could do? Beautiful exotic environment is a beautiful backdrop.
