Where the hell are all those unexplored islands lurking with prehistoric monsters, evil doctors doing their experiments, crazy people doing the ultimate karate championship, and superhuman hunting people looking for sports? I had no idea that there were still so many unknown islands, but given the number of films using one of those mysterious islands as a location, one would expect to find at least 50 of those jerks out there. It always feels so damn comfortable and I immediately pull off points from any movie that uses this hackneyed device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist doing experiments on one of these unexplored islands, so the movie had a lot to do before it even started. The island in this movie was formerly belong to Dr. Moreau, but recently purchased by re-animator, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey performs some sort of top-level stem cell research, which has led him to work with sharks while looking for a cure for cancer. If that sounds familiar to you, it's because this is about the same basic setup as the intelligent shark facility in Deep Blue Sea, not to mention numerous other Nu Image films. Apparently, Jeffrey's son died from cancer, which caused our crazy doctor to experiment with his offspring. He did some kind of fantastic gene splicing and so on and made his son a shark man. William Forsythe leads a crew of unknown actors on the island to watch the doctor's experiments. If someone had given him a sailor hat, William would have been a dead alarm to the skipper of Gilligan's Island. In typical Bond Villain style, the doctor decides that all these intruders would make a nice buddy for his son. Not buddies, like buddies ... buddy, like shark food. So join the shark boy who is following the skipper and his cohorts all over the island. Of course, they make half-hearted escape attempts and are repeatedly thwarted while being persecuted by a man in a rubber-waisted man's suit. <br /> <br /> The film did not score any of the points he had lost playing on one of those deserted islands. It's weird that this movie is called Hammerhead. I had to think of an old joke. Why are you beating your head with a hammer? Because it feels so good when you stop. So this movie is actually. The only reason to watch is that it feels so good when it's over.
