The "naughty" mishaps of four au pairs who arrived in London in the early 70s on the same day. There is a Swede, a Danish, a German and a Chinese. The story seeks to strip everyone's clothes, to incorporate them into something of carry-on type and pair them with various misunderstandings from British film and television culture of the time, including Richard O'Sullivan, the future star of Man About the House Coronation Street Rogue Johnny Briggs and horror film Ferdy Mayne (playing a sheik). For women who like that (but obviously not hardcore), a lot of female nudity is shown. <br /> <br /> The film is mostly thin and inconsistent; The girls are stereotypes, and the German Anita suffers particularly from a kind of infantilizing disorder - she is an idiot obsessed with color television and behaves like a kind of uninhibited child and clothes to purposely show her private parts; In another serious movie, she would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting part of the film is that the Swede is taken to a club in London where some dodgy guys are still trying to swing, seduced by a middle-aged rocker, losing their virginity and realizing that the scene is not for them is. These sequences have some energy in them, suggesting a more intriguing film than we have managed in which promiscuity and the backlogs of the music business and the upper classes lead a soulless and seedy life (John Standing is a good turn of powerless public school (roué The strangest of the stories is that the Chinese girl (future cannibal-film veteran Me Me Lay) knocked with her employer for child prodigies, falling in love with each other and then leaving in the middle of the night for no good reason, except some orientalist notion that " Chinese birds are inscrutable, are not they ?! "The film looks quite pensive on its female characters and there is a bit of homophobia in the dialogue and one of the characterizations.The end is noteworthy as Maynes sheikh are without earthly reason (other than, they need the movie somehow need to finish) all the girls in his Arab kingdom lead what looks like a future in the white slave trade all over the world they all have. <br /> <br /> stuff and nonsense for the most part, but with great skill headed by veteran Val Guest, which brings it as a piece of filmmaking about most of them. The British Sexploitation of the 70s.
