I caught this movie at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I had not heard much about it; Except that it was a thriller that was digitally shot on a very small budget. I was hoping to catch the next big Brit flick. But I have to say, I was deeply disappointed. "This is not a love song" follows two criminals who, after accidentally shooting and killing a farmer's young daughter, become involved in a deadly cat and mouse game as the locals decide to take matters into their own hands and them to hunt. <br /> <br /> The real problem is that this is another example of style in a British movie. The camera angles and the cross-sectional image are completely at odds with the story, as are the excellence and horrific use of slow motion, which only makes the whole thing look like an expensive home video. There are always attempts to make the film edgy and pithy, which instead acts as funny and exaggerated (cue a miserable, compulsory drug scene and countless, useless camera zooms). No amount of such clichés can obscure the fact that this is a pretty bad story. <br /> <br /> We've seen these kinds of things many times and done them a hundred times better, especially in John Boorman's masterful "liberation." But while we were actually looking at the characters in the latter movie, in this movie I just wanted them to be hunted and killed as fast as possible. Even that would not have been so bad if their opponents had been scary or worthwhile. Instead, it's just a collection of stereotypical, inbred-like compatriots. Again an offensive, overused cliché that comes to the fore. Surely there are some nice people in the country, filmmakers? <br /> <br /> In defense, "This Is Not A Love Song" contains some good, exciting moments, but it's hard to see how this movie works otherwise than to go straight to the video or in one go to receive very limited cinema release. It's not a patch for last year's low budget hunted in the hills in the movie "Dog Soldiers." Maybe the British Cinema could actually get going again if the right money does not go to the wrong people anymore.
