To find out where this 1976 A STAR IS BORN version comes from, the following is taken into account: Her last number is sung by Barbra Streisand in a seven-minute and forty-second close-up, followed by another two-and-a-half minute statue of Mrs. Streisand - a Christ-like one Pose - behind the credits. Over ten uninterrupted minutes of Barbras unmistakable dead center, filling the screen with uncompromising ego. That could be a kind of film record. <br /> <br /> Or think about it: The plot of this musical is about a love affair between two musical superstars, while Streisand's songs are performed in their entirety. including the endless finale - her Costar Kris Kristofferson can not even complete a single song. Although she allows him to make a few legacies, they actually sing a duet. <br /> <br /> Or consider the following: Streisand's name appears at least six times in the credits. including the recognition for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her closet) - and she supposedly wanted to, but they did not manage to co-direct. One of her services was as an executive producer, with her then boyfriend and former hairdresser, Jon Peters, receiving a producer credit. Therefore, Streisand controlled the final cut of the film, which explains why it is so obsessed to turn the film in their direction. What it does not explain is how it comes when you have the opportunity to make The Great Diva look good. Her efforts make Streisand look bad. Although this was one of Streisand's biggest box office hits, it's probably their worst movie and contains their worst performance. Anyway, the Hollywood melodrama to relocate to the world of sex drugs and rock 'n'roll, Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a pop singer on the road to star, who was with herself for a while Kristofferson's John Norman Howard, a hard rocker, gets on the driveway to Has-beenville. In the previous incarnations of the story, "Norman Maine" sacrifices his leadership career to help newcomer "Vicky Lester" achieve its success. In the feminist seventies, Streisand & Co. want to make it clear that their heroine owes nothing to a man. The trajectory is so distorted; She will succeed with or without him, and he is almost at the bottom of the first scene. He is a burden she has to endure in the name of love. Therefore, there is obviously an attempt not only to make the main actress tougher, but almost ruthless, while her preference appears as a hopeless idiot. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson wears credible indifference through the film material; He undertook little to give much of a performance, and strangely, it serves his aimless, listless character well. Streisand, on the other hand, does not show a single moment of honesty on the screen during her entire time. Everything she does seems, if not too studied, at least too controlled. Even her obvious ad libs seem impractical and her moments of supposed hysteria seem cold. The two have no chemistry, which makes the central love affair unbelievable. One could assume that his figure in her a symbol of his fading youth and innocence, although Streisand 34 years old does not seem particularly young or naive. The only conceivable attraction he could offer her is that she can use him as a faster way to glory. And if the film had the courage to actually play the material to openly play Streisand's character as an exploitative villain, the film might have had a spark and possibly a cause for existence. <br /> <br /> But I think the filmmakers actually see Esther as a sympathetic victim; You do not seem to know how cold-blooded and selfish she is. Sensitivity, however, is not one of the film's strong points: note the little joke of giving Barbra two African-American singers just so the film can indulge in lame racism when it calls the trio The Oreos. There is much to suggest in the film that Esther retains her ethnic identity using her first name Hoffman. However, the filmmakers have changed the name of the characters from the previous films of "Esther Blodgett" so that Streisand will not be burdened with a name that is too Jewish or too unattractive. So much for ethnic pride. <br /> <br /> The backstage backstage stage was almost legendary, so the fact that the movie looked so polished is remarkable. Nominee director Frank Pierson seems to have delivered the raw material for a good movie, with considerable help from Ace cinematographer Robert Surtees. The film fulfilled its purpose and produced a soundtrack album with decent pop sounds (including the Oscar-winning "Evergreen" by Paul Williams and Streisand). Overall, however, the film proved to be the only one that Streisand had claimed she did not want, a vanity project.
