I think that deep in the darkest and slenderest part of their hearts, everyone likes Jerry Springer a bit. While his show is undeniably offensive and stupid, it also gives us the chance to see that most of us are pretty good at it. If you watch the trailer park live, drink dollar whiskey, show incest lovers in the Springer show, even your worst day seems like a walk in the park. Jerry is doing a public service, and we should be grateful. He gave up a political career to host the show, just for us. <br /> <br /> What we should not be grateful for in any way is the rubbish film "Ringmaster". "Ringmaster" shows what life is like for people who are ultimately guests on the show or they want us to think. The film follows the presupposed Springer plot: love triangles. A triangle includes Connie, her daughter Angel and her husband Rusty. The other concerns Starletta, Vonda and Demond. When the two unfortunate groups meet in LA, their lives intersect and collide directly, culminating in an explosive episode of the Springer show. It's as if "Short Cuts" would be if Robert Altman had a heavy cracking habit. <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is faithful to the show as he is stupid and offensive from start to finish. It also makes me very happy that I do not live in the misery his characters do. But the movie has a problem. It's charged as a comedy, but it's just not funny. There are only a few things to laugh about. Maybe some people look at it and laugh all the time. If you think that blowjobs and rape are funny then you are probably one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the movie in total reverence for the agonizing horrors of life with the white garbage. The Springer show by Jerry Springer should not make the leap off TV on the screen. What's funny in a one-hour show (less if you count advertising) will not necessarily be funny in a ninety-minute movie. Movies need to tell a story, and that's another thing Ringmaster has problems with. The story is worn out. There are so many plot holes and continuity flaws that any attempt to tell a coherent narrative is quickly torn apart. And even if there were no such problems, how much fun can you draw from a story of stereotypical people in a stereotypical story? Even the Hollywood formula could not improve that. "Ringmaster: is so bad that it messes up even the best part of the Springer show: the Final Thought." Somehow, even the smartest and simplest aspect of the show wiggled more than the sloppy women around whom the movie is built. <Br /> <br /> The worst culprit is Springer himself, he's such a bad actor that he can not even play convincingly, seeing Springer playing with Springer is sad, it's like he's a 'what if woody' Allen wanted to play Jerry Springer's vibe, and he failed, miserable he made the effort to cause this disaster, he could at least try to make it so much better. <br /> <br /> Not that I say "Everyone else is shit." It's no surprise that nobody in this movie was great. A Nickelodeon sitcom: Apparently, Nickelodeon has no problem engaging a woman who does in the nastiest movie of the '9 0's in a children's program. You wonder what the other adults in this channel have done in their past. <br /> <br /> Here are my final thoughts: What we have here is a group of people without self-esteem and a man with money to burn, who have met and pooled their resources to produce a film that shows how much they hate themselves and how little they think about the intelligence of their audiences. Should we accept people who make films that treat us like brain-damaged lumps? I say no. Somewhere out there in this crazy, jumbled world, there's a perfect movie for each one of us. We just have to keep looking. Take care of yourself and your loved ones until next time. And never look at "Ringmaster".
