I can not quite say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie would be better if it did, because at least the worst movie I ever saw (Prom Night II) interested me so much that I could hate it. My only reaction after leaving the theater was when I looked up at the clock and discovered that only 90 minutes had passed. It had looked a lot more years later. It's an endless reiteration of poor people (or what Jerry Springer apparently thinks poor people are) by screwing each other, beating each other, offending each other, and then repeating the process with the same attention the rest of us need while shampooing. The plot, which describes how a group of stupid humans so badly affect their lives that it is suitable for the Jerry Springer mill, is only due to the stupidity of the characters. This makes it impossible to take care of what happens to them. It never mattered to me if they came to the show or what they said or who slept with whom. Maybe I should not take care of her. Maybe I should consider her as a kind of weird guy - to see her outrageous behavior as being funny by nature. Too bad it is not. The humor is not unheard of. It is harmless. It is predictable. Humor must have something behind it, a kind of painful irony or life experience to work. Skatology is no joke. An example. A mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed. To retaliate, she marches through the caravan park and gives her daughter's boyfriend oral sex. Having withstood the shock of Jerry Springer's show a long time ago, I had the same reaction as I did to Andrew Dice Clay's obscene nursery rhymes; no laughing, just yawning. Eventually I found Springer's attitude as populist tiring and unconvincing. If he was really a proponent of the poor, he would bring a single mother from Bed-Sty to talk about trying to raise her kids in New York City for $ 12,000 a year. Otherwise, he would give the participants of his shows at least part of his profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for his shows, his movie, his book and his videos. His guests only get round-trip flights, hotel accommodations and the opportunity to humble themselves. If he liked poor people so much, he would at least give them some of the money they deserve for him. It looks like Springer wanted to make this movie to gain some legitimacy. Gosh, with all his good work, you'd think he deserves our respect. The movie is weak and boring anyway. It does not even succeed to be offensive. If you want a better evening, film a bug zapper for one night and check it out.
