The vampire bat is in the small German village of Klineschloss, where Gustave Schön (Lionel Belmore), the mayor, holds a meeting with Inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) from the local police department about the recent murders involving six victims of murder For many weeks, all the blood had been taken and had the same two puncture wounds on the neck. Brettschneider has no idea, but the superstitious village elders believe that death is the work of a vampire. Brettschneider is unconvinced, but the frightened villagers keep telling of a big club while Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle) was recently found. Brettschneider is coming under increasing pressure to solve the murders, but can he really believe that a giant vampire bat is responsible and should he stop? <br /> <br /> Director: Frank R. Strayer The Vampire Bat was a cheaper one from Majestic Pictures to achieve the success of its two stars Atwill & Wray and their success over the past few years. Doctor X (1932) & is more of a murder mystery than a horror, as the exploitative and tantalizing title could have led you to believe it & is quite boring frankly. The screenplay by Edward T. Lowe Jr. takes himself quite seriously and sets out the basic story that some local villagers kill and something may possibly be a vampire. Then the film focuses on Brettschneider most of the time, and his inaccurate investigations are boring, not to say fine. The vampire bat also has some identity crisis, as he does not know exactly what he wants to be, the title would suggest a horror movie, while most of it could easily be called a thriller, in the last few minutes stupid science fiction. There is no vampire bat, the attempts to fool you are miserable, all characters are far-reaching stereotypes, and you can immediately spot the villain of the play. Overall, there's nothing particularly exciting or entertaining about The Vampire Bat. I know it's old, but that's no excuse, since cinema has been developing a lot since 1933, and a dull, flat, boring, boring and misleading movie like The Vampire Bat just does not work anymore. Just look at the original King Kong (1933) was released in the same year and how brilliant it is today. I did not like it and I doubt that many modern moviegoers would do that too. It is so simple and straightforward. <br /> <br /> Director Strayer does not do anything special, but this is an example where I can cut the film a bit loose due to his age, by and large it is pretty much sensible to shoot and hope for the best , There is not much atmosphere or fear, although some of the sets that have been taken over from The Old Dark House (1932) and Universal's European set are nice and give the ambience a certain ambience. <br /> <br /> Technically The Vampire Bat can not be compared to anything remotely modern. It's okay for old age, I think, but I'll turn your attention back to the original King Kong. Speaking of King Kong is the star in which Fay Wray plays a role, as well as horror icon Lionel Atwill. I'll be nice and say the acting is OK. <br /> <br /> The vampire bat I imagine I'm a lot of fool People think this is a horror movie about vampire bats, though that's not the case. Personally, I thought the whole thing was a bit boring. It's short and it tells the story reasonably, but I have to admit that I'm not a fan.
