Director Mary Harron appeared to have a clear objective of documenting the progress of Bettie Page's career, from the early modeling days to abandoning modeling, following the Senate hearings on Juvenile Delinquency and her religious rediscovery in the 1950s Therefore, she strives to bring all these facts to the screen in time, in which she apparently did not take the time to explain everything in detail. <br /> <br /> If you think of someone who made Page Careers I think there's a lot to talk about, their reasons, choices, life events and personal traumas, but Harron avoids any personal exploration of the character. In the first fifteen minutes of the film, there are brief references to child abuse, domestic violence and gang rape, but they are all passed by and never mentioned again. They have the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-author) wanted to gloss over anything that is not glamorous and flattering. You go into this movie and expect to get a glimpse of the person behind the posters, but all you get is a list of things she's done and re-recordings of some of her most famous photo shoots. <br /> <br /> All in all, the movie really frustrates you as you watch you wait for an extra shift to show yourself. How has she reconciled her religion with her profession? What made this young Tennessee girl move from modeling to bondage photography? The movie just shows that she's going to another modeling agency and does whatever she said, but it would have brought shock and deliberation after all the 50s. <br /> <br /> It seems to me that Harron is It's trying to say how tame it all is by today's standards (Page has never taken pictures of explicit sexual acts) and how the reaction, some of that kind Giving of things, really overzealous was dirty in the eyes of others. Today we look at a young girl posing upstairs without thinking about it, but we would have gotten a sense of how shocking it would have been for a contemporary audience. This woman was a key part of a Senate Senate hearing on juvenile delinquency, but no one is ever really shocked. <br /> <br /> Basically, I just thought about this movie, how tame it was. Harron and Turner have managed to avoid anything that could be uncomfortable for a viewer. They seem to be two lifelong fans of Miss Page, desperately wanting to make sure that nothing, absolutely nothing, can possibly put their heroine in the dark light, and so avoided any scrutiny of who she really was. (Before and after her career, there are reports of her violent nature and her mental health problems). The only thing left is the series of events that made up her career without any substance behind it.
