On September 26, 1983, a small, sixty-year-old woman was facing the attempted murder of Leonie Haddad, a wife whose husband had recently died and had consented to take in a lodger that had come through an elderly authority. Haddad was unaware that her new lodger had actually come fresh from Patton State Mental Hospital, where she had been imprisoned three years earlier for an inexplicable knife attack on a couple. Haddad soon realized that something was "rotted in Denmark" when the woman fell asleep in the bathroom with a tape recorder and recited prophecies about "seven gods". Haddad's apprehensions were confirmed one night when she woke up as she sat her lodger on the chest with a bread knife and said that "God has inspired me to kill you." Haddad managed to eject her attacker with a phone, but only when she had lost a finger and suffered deep wounds on her face and chest. It was a miracle that she survived. The lodger was judged innocent because of madness, but sent back with kicks and screams to the laughing academy. Ten years later, she was released and found that she was now a celebrity. But not because of the brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but because of her incarnation 25 years ago, when she was known as "Queen of the Curve", "Tennessee Tease" and "Miss Pin Up Girl of the World" - the notorious Bettie - page. <br /> <br /> Director Mary Harron, who is best known for "American Psycho", takes us back to the legendary times of a legendary cheesecake and bondage model (played solid enough by Gretchen Mol), which unintentionally The blueprint for the fetish iconography was written and their influence in everything, from comic books to catwalks, can be detected. T.N.B.P is a glamorous full-day tour of the fifties, in which Page, with the friendly support of friends and photographers with good intentions, becomes the star of pocket-sized pocket glasses with titles such as Wink, Tab, and Parade. Her real dream of a movie star escapes her, and a raid on authorities for obscenity charges in 1957 is the exciting incident that causes her to retire from modeling and devote herself to God. The overall style of the film is light and frothy and darkens only for a moment, pointing out the incestuous attentions of her father and a sexual assault that inexplicably has no discernible effect on her. Mol plays Page as she looks in her photographs, happy, carefree and funny - even the bondage shots reveal little more than a good-humored incomprehensibility. The film ends with encouragement when Page biblically hands out bibles biblically in a park without any reference to the unfortunate marriages, the personal tragedy, and the decent life in murderous madness that lies before her; Avoiding what I think is the essential core of the story of Page - Rebirth and Resurrection. <br /> <br /> When she emerged from a decade of imprisonment, Page noted that her cult had been on the rise since the mid-1980s and that she had become a huge underground icon in which many asked, "what happened to Bettie." Her "mysterious" disappearance fueled the fires of a series of conspiracy theories that only enhanced the appeal of her legend, and when the world media finally caught up, she gave no hint of her darker past and soon gave interviews for magazines, TV and Playboy Having photographed Pamela Anderson and the equally tragic Anna Nicole Smith, she found that she was now more famous than ever in her "glory years," but given the "resurrection," it was only a matter of time before the whole story began Light came. <br /> <br /> The only notorious thing about The Notorious Bettie Page is that they skipped the part when it got really infamous.
