"The 700 Club" must be the largest television program in the history of television. To make matters worse, it has been in the air since 1966, meaning that thousands, if not millions, of people are buying their hatred and lies. Under the direction of Pat Robertson, the unscrupulous, megalomaniac founder and leader of the Christian Coalition, "The 700 Club" leads us from disinformation to misunderstanding by sending "news" as it thinks and trying to get the audience to Convince The world's troubles are on homosexuals, wiccans, New Age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamentalist Christians, democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA scientists and everyone else who shares their views do not share, responsible fanatic religious views. It's actually the best fake news since "The Daily Show" or "Weekend Update" in "Saturday Night Live" or since "FOX News". Of course, Pat is always the one who makes every decision. He says what he can think of and does not condemn whom he offends or injures. In the meantime, he continues to fight for turning the United States into a militarized police state by holding the Religious Wrong's noses in everything they can and asking for donations one after the other - not less than 100 Dollars to become a state member by the way - to fund pat's African diamond mines and buy oil from companies that have been reprimanded in the past by the government for their environmental abuse. No, no matter that Pat was good friends with the genocidal dictators of Zaire and Zimbabwe, to help him gain such wealth; It's all for the greater glory of God, do not you know? And of course, The 700 Club's hosts are always willing to read letters "written by spectators" as they like to phrase it, each in the same format and allegedly in the same color of "spectators" of various afflictions of the said Hosts healed (claiming that "words of knowledge" come to them), but NEVER appear in the program to say what happened to them. Honestly, how can someone take a show seriously when they use bad applause recordings? It should make people wonder why there is no studio audience. The sad thing that Pat's friends and viewers do not want or do not want to accept is the horrible things he's done and said. This is a guy who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States were the result of God punishing us for our acceptance of homosexuality and feminism. Ironic, noting that Pat has publicly spoken twice in the US State Department about the introduction of a nuclear weapon; I have little doubt that it was his fortune that prevented him from being arrested for such statements. His riots against homosexuals, single mothers, and any number of sexual practices he considers "sinful" are interesting, considering he was known to visit several brothels during the Korean War. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply. Congratulations, Pat - thanks to you there are probably a number of children born to single Korean mothers. Then of course there was the time when he demanded the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he is a saint, but still). Oh, yes, and let's not forget the time when this "Crusader for Human Life" supported forced abortions in China. Very "Christian" of him, would not you say? <br /> <br /> And in case Pat has forgotten, I have his little speech that evangelical Christians today are "treated the same as Jews, remember." in Nazi Germany. "Honestly, it's almost unforgivable to compare his" misery "with the horrors of the Holocaust, and when I talk about it, I have to mention that he obviously lied that homosexuality under the Nazi Party was a pathetic attempt to discredit homosexuals Of course history tells us that the Nazis did the same thing to Jews as Jews, Pat Robertson is one of history's biggest liars - if he was Pinocchio, his nose would orbit the earth, but unfortunately more and more people believe him every day This is your wake up call, folks; "The 700 Club" is one of, if not the worst program in television history, it's bad to dress up well, it's a wolf in sheep's clothing clean, pretty, and affectionate, and living proof that hateful, dangerous religious beliefs are not confined to particular groups in the Middle East Even those who do not belong to the Christian faith know that this is contrary to all that Jesus taught, and if Jesus appeared in this "club" he would not imitate them. Instead, he would chastise them like the Pharisees of his day and overthrow the money-boxes of their telethons, as he did before his synagogue. All I can say is thank God that Pat had no chance to become president. Otherwise, he would be the harbinger of Armageddon - and not on the side of the good guys.
