I do not think there has ever been a more evil or evil television program in the United States than The 700 Club. They correspond today to the Ku Klux Klan of the 20th century. Their hatred of all the good and sweetness, the human and the pure is beyond all ability to understand. Their daily, constant attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of people around the world, who do not by chance share their bigoted, cruel, monstrous, and absolutely crazy view of humanity, is beyond anything that television has ever seen. The lies they spit out and the ridiculous lies they try to pronounce as truth, like the idea of ​​"Afterlife" or "God" or "Sin" or "The Devil", are so outlandish that they actually do When they appear mentally ill they are lost in their imagination. Sensible people know that religion is a drug and should not be dependent on this kind of fantasy. The 700 Club is in a class of its own. They are really a cult. While I believe in freedom of expression, they spread hatred, lies, disinformation, and such fantastic ideas beyond all borders. I hope that someday the American Psychiatric Association will finally pick up the study of those who are fooling themselves in this way, people who are so deeply immersed in the fantasy land of religion that they no longer have any real ideas of reality. Treatment for those affected is urgently needed in this country because so many people have completely lost their minds to the fantasy of religion. The 700 Club, however, is even more dreadful as it rises to the legal definition of "cult," but because of the vast fortunes of the 700 Club (which is overwhelmed daily by the millions of Americans imprisoned in its fraudulent act), they stand in this country above the law. For those of you who have watched the movie "The Matrix," you know that the movie was a metaphor for the religion on earth: the bad guys, who are at the forefront of each of the religions, who consume, who they captured, and who Their own egoistic intentions have been cruelly maltreated, and the millions who are in death's sleep and are slowly deprived of their vitality represent the many people who belong to religions and who have lost all ability to realize what is really going on around them. <br /> <br /> In less civilian times, good citizens would have attacked such monsters as 700 Club outside the city with torches and pitchforks. In today's world, where people have lost all choices in the choice of television presented to them, we can not rid ourselves of the 700 club plague. <br /> <br /> The television rating system and the "V" chip on televisions should also have an "R" rule for religion so that reasonable people and concerned parents can easily overcome such vile intellectual and brutal emotional rape. As presented by The 700 Club every day in our country, by themselves and their children.
