Years have passed since Don Wilson used his martial arts skills to destroy a robot programmed to destroy him. He was also married to the blond reporter (Stacie Foster), who led the rebellion in the first film. Now, a new conspiracy is in sight the work that is a droid that frames our two heroes and a company that wants to rule the world (there is no plot to support it) and cyber Tracker 2 becomes a virtual replay of the first movie. I admit that I bought DVDs from the bargain basket made by PM. PM was a company that specializes in cheap action flicks (like this one) that had loads of explosions, little story and nothing but mean action. Some of these titles were (mild) pleasing (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper), but Cyber ​​Tracker 2 remains hanging during the casting of the charismatic Don Wilson. Comparing the protagonists of similar PM efforts, both Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are Oscar nominees compared to Don Wilson. Another sign is that this was led by Richard Pepin, who does not have the same flair that Joseph Merhi seems to have in creating action sequences that feel much more expensive than their budgets. Then again, though both C. Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a rip-off with a Capitol R, there are so many steals from better movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier to Halloween III!) That it's almost as if Richard Pepin was trying to get a feel By bringing identity into the film pedestrian material, but without the smart ideas or at least the thoughtless zipper of great action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 falls flat. There is literally not a good idea that was not taken from a better movie and the supporting cast. The only exception is Tony Burton, who is far better than the material. Even Stacie Foster looks like she could be better with far better stuff. However, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is mostly as loud, bland and dull as its leading man, but with no real martial arts sequences to fall back on. All that is there is that many cars overturn and that alone is not a substitute for the bankruptcy of ambition expressed here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of 4 (bad)
