When they killed John Amos' character, they killed the show. He was the crucial part of the info structure. They had a story about how an inner-city family struggled to shape it the way it did best. They were poor, they were black and lived proof that nothing is too difficult when you have Jesus and your family. Sure, James would lose jobs and JJ would fail at school, but the family always found a way. <br /> <br /> James was the strong male role model who earned the income and disciplined the children. Florida was the strong woman everyone, including James, would do if he needed a shoulder to cry or hug to make it. The children had personalities and input, which made them important as a family unit. Her neighbor Willona was also a key element because she was not just a friend, but also some friends who belonged to the family. Things were bright, somber, funny and honest until they changed the course of the program. James dies and JJ takes over the show. <br /> <br /> Flo was still a mother, Thelma was a lady and Michael was still the militant dwarf, but JJ was the show. It was expected that the family could stay in the apartment without a father or prominent breadwinner. I think James's salary has not done much for the family. They were only threatened with expulsion because they said they would move, not because no one worked in the house. I know that JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael eventually got jobs. James worked so much that you could feel for him, but the others were not realistic at all and that's a shame. It's alright to be funny, but they had the chance to show a real family and what it took to survive in the real world, and they threw everything off a few laughs. Michael's figure had almost disappeared, while the rest of the cast had slipped into the shadows of JJ Evan's show. I mean, here was a guy who failed at school, he was constantly fired and he painted in two episodes for money. James had always been there to promote his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family did not seem to care. <br /> <br /> Why did it take so long for him to realize that painting was what he should do? He could have sold paintings on the street or worked for people printing billboards and maps. (He did, but something went wrong.) Why did not he make it and why did the others give up their dreams? I'll tell you why, it was because they did not have a father in their life to look after them and cheer them on, and their mother stopped supporting their dreams. The show stopped teaching us how to grow, build, and learn, and started teaching us gimmicks and phrases. They should have kept James. If any show needed a father, it was this one.
