What we have here is a classic case of much patriotism. This happens when you live in a small country with very little (almost no) cinematic history. When does someone come up with a slightly more ambitious film project? unlike the usual dramas about fighting peasant families or long slapstick films of local comedians? Everyone feels obligated to love and is even responsible for spreading favorable reviews across national borders. This is particularly the case when the author / director of this film is already the darling of a nation because he is also the founder and singer of a popular rock band. "Any Way The Wind Blows" is by no means a bad movie, but definitely overrated (if that's possible within the confines of a small country) and has absolutely nothing new or even distant original to offer. This is basically the Flemish version of classic films such as "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia" and illustrates a mosaic of characters whose everyday lives seem at first seemingly incoherent, but ultimately come together. The only thing that seems to unite the eight protagonists at first is the city of Antwerp, where they all live and work, but gradually the deeper relationships between them become transparent and close to the climax they all gather for a party. The main problem with "Any Way The Wind Blows" is, at least in your opinion, with the characters. They are really random, uninteresting and honestly do not experience anything that might be considered unusual. It was probably the intention of the writer / director Tom Barman to portray the average and regular inhabitant of Antwerp, but then what is serious? One of the characters is dismissed from his job as a film projectionist, another is a failed novelist struggling with a marriage crisis. Two siblings have recently lost their father, and the "most mysterious" of all is accompanied by the wind wherever he goes. There are a few more characters who regularly walk around the screen, but they are even less worth mentioning. These people just go about random topics (like life in the 80's, dates and each other's bowel movements) and philosophy that nobody cares about. Some dialogues cause a slight giggle, especially the interactions between the two twenty men from Ghent, but still nothing out of the ordinary or even remembrance. The film is best suited as a tourist video promoting the city of Antwerp and as an extended and versatile music documentary. There are several stylish and elegant sights of Antwerp and there is always beautiful music, whether very loud or discreet in the background. In general, "Any Way The Wind Blows" is a competent and stylish effort, but too banal and a bit boring, and I wonder that most fans would have bothered to watch if it was not a Flemish production.
