I almost went out, but I had paid my money and my almost disgusted friend wanted to stick it out. After the enchanting, wide-open innocence of "A New Hope" and the exciting sophistication of "The Empire Strikes Back," I remember waiting with almost a painful expectation for "Return of the Jedi." But I was bitterly disappointed with the opening scene of this offensive commercial sewage and was furious with Lucas. He should have been ashamed, but this abomination proves indisputably that he has no subatomic particles of shame in his cold, greedy heart. Episode I would further affirm this fact - your honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but first hand out bar-sacks to the jury members). <br /> <br /> From the first lift of the gate on Jabba lair, this "movie" was nothing more than a commercial for more than two hours for so many licensable, profitable action figures Lucas could go in - the Swiss guards, the flesh-whipped, fleshy gays, this meanness of Muppet-Pet of Jabba, the new and recycled cabaret figures, the monsters, etc., etc., vomit. Then there was the vile sweet and marketable Ewoks. Pile on the rebellious Alliance Aliens. Every 15 seconds on the screen (or less) and the children who are currently GOTTA have one for their collection. The blatant, exploitative financial lures of children is disgusting. <br /> <br /> Lucas did not even bother to make a new conspiracy - he just exhumed the Death Star of "A New Hope" and into a boatload of cheap emotions. What a terrible slap in the face for his fans. I can not shake the notion that Lucas had a perverse pleasure in causing his mischief to his fans: "I put these lemmings on the hook so hard that I can unpack the worst piece of smelly, rotten garbage I could dream of and they flock to the theaters to spice things up, and all the kids will moan and torture until they buy the brats a complete set of action figures from each and every one of the undeveloped caricature caricatures I and I have stuffed in. Get a cut from each one of them, which makes me even more obscene rich. "<br /> <br /> In this miserable rip-off, there might have been a meager, sometimes handful of redemptive moments. I can remember that Harrison Ford managed to keep his nose just above the surface of this sewer. Whatever these tiny glimmers of light may be, it is massively wiped out by the offensive commercialism that Lucas so mercilessly exploited into this total, sold-out gain.
