Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) on the outskirts of Springwood without remembering who he is or why he is there. Freddy's death: The last nightmare begins as a dream demon The local police pick him up and take him to a youth center, where child psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane) interviews him. She finds a newspaper clipping in his pocket that leads them to Elm Street, Springwood, where they find out there are no children, and so no victims kill Freddy for anyone. Turns out it's a sophisticated plan by Freddy to find his daughter and use her to escape Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy is up to, some kids decide to kill Freddy once and for all ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Rachel Talalay, this was done with the intention of being the last A Nightmare Elm Street Movie, who was five years old at the time, of course, as any horror movie fan knows, whether franchises or characters can make money. Freddy's Dead: The last nightmare would be the last one, which of course it was not. The "A Nightmare on Elm Street" series was a franchise with declining revenues as the quality of the films faded until we got here. Freddy's Dead: The last nightmare that's probably the worst for my money. The film moves at a reasonable pace and is seldom boring, but it is so stupid, childish and feels like a kind of action cartoon with some terrible horror scenes that appear a million miles from Wes Craven's exciting and powerful original of the early '80s , The sequence in which Stoner Spencer is trapped in a video game played by Freddy is awful in itself, but then we are confronted with shots of his body in reality that are ridiculous jumping from door to door in reality and from floor to ceiling Thing I've seen for some time, or maybe the early scenes where the John Doe kid falls off a plane, like the Coyote cartoon character in the Road Runner cartoons, or the absurd sight of Freddy, who threatens the deaf Carlos pins that he wants to drop to the ground to make a loud noise, or if he finally kills him by scratching his knife over a blackboard. You can not take this seriously and I just sat there and did not quite believe what I saw. When they finally try to kill Freddy, the hero gets a secret strong special weapon. Yes, this is a 3-D glasses made of cardboard! The characters are bad, the dialogue is bad and the plot is confusing, the Elm Street continuity does not really last. Overall, the movie is a bit chaotic. The best I can say is that he is right A bit of unwanted humor and you can certainly laugh about it. <br /> <br /> The movie has big tonal problems because it tries to be dark, scary and scary, but it is so stupid and sometimes it looks ridiculous to be serious. It is completely flat. There is not much blood, there are a few cut fingers, a few stitches, someone falls onto a nail bed and that's it. The body count is extremely low with only three deaths. The last twenty minutes of Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare were actually filmed in 3D, although the version I saw represented this part as normal. I can not comment on how well this works or not, but you can definitely see footage that can be seen in 3-D and that use the process. The special effects vary, some are pretty good while others are awful. Freddy's burnt make-up looks pretty poor this time. <br /> <br /> This apparently had a budget of about $ 5 million (there was a box for the first weekend). Office take $ 12,000,000)) & the movie has some nice visual touches and gags that make the thing feel even more cartoony than it already is. Acting is really bad of the lead roles, though there are some weird cameos, including Tom Arnold & Roseanne, Johnny Depp & Rocker Alice Cooper. Freddy's Dead: The Last Nightmare is Probably the Worst of All Series & Except for some unintentional laughter there is not much to recommend or enjoy here. Fans of the series will probably like it and defend it, but for me this is about as far as possible from Wes Craven's original classic. Followed by New Nightmare (1994), who tried to bring Freddy Krueger & the series in a new and different direction.
