WARNING: REVIEW CONTAINS MILD SPOILER <br /> <br /> A few years ago, I saw the first five films in this series and planned to create an overview of the entire Elm St. series. Only two years later and I can not remember enough to do it? I think they could not have made a big impression. What do I remember, some of the sequels? Dream Warrior especially? were not as bad as often done, even though the original was not a classic. In general, the predictability of the premise (when people fall asleep, they are murdered in their dreams) does not lead to a narrative tension. While I can not remember many of the first five films, I know that they never thwarted the depths of Freddy's death. An indication of how sick Freddy was at this point can be judged from the verdict fact that the film was only promoted on the demise of the character. The fact that the conclusion of the film is not even hidden, but the whole purpose of the film is a testament to how empty, soulless and cynical this endeavor was. <br /> <br /> Take the morally dubious idea of ​​a movie child molester like the charismatic villain, Robert Englund's sinister interpretation blaring with laughter. I always thought Freddy's ridicule about the teenage victims was directed less at the characters than at the teenage audience that could ever see this tripple. It's as if Englund screams, "We know this is rubbish, but you pay to see it, so who laughs?" And I'm sure the victims of child abuse would be discouraged to see such an insensitive portrayal of their plight. Was Freddy's appearance in the movies always so rudimentary? All he gets to do here are a couple of "haaaaaaaaaaaaaarr har harharhars" and that's it. If this was the only Elm St. movie you've ever seen, you would not even get to know the character. Even as the character plays in a flashback before death, Englund plays him as a boo-pantomime villain with a slogan of transatlanticism (exaggerated, misplaced, and not funny at all). Irony in General Poor Look at how often Breckin Meyer overreacted with his hand gestures and body language. Only Kananga himself, Yaphet Kotto, retains his dignity. And when Roseanne, Tom Arnold and Alice Cooper appear, you can see the movie almost visibly in the swamp. Even the script is absolutely bad, almost without merit. Carlos (Ricky Dean Logan) opens a road map on which Noel Coward-like Freddy wrote witty, "You're damned." When asked for the card, Carlos answers "well the card says we're fucked". Who wrote the script, Oscar Wilde? <br /> <br /> Or what about the scene in which Carlos is tortured by Freddy and his hearing becomes more painful? So does Freddy torment him by threatening to drop a pin? a potentially fatal sound as all sounds are magnified. Oddly enough, the fact that Carlos cries out in the voice of his voice, that he does not let her fall, seems to have no effect. "Nice to hear from you, Carlos," jokes Freddy, hoping that better lines will be added. It is also worth noting that the dream sleep does not occur from time to time. If you make him unconscious, you can not immediately immerse yourself in Freddy's world. Although part of the narrative contains a human computer game and a 3-D final plot logic is not as high on the list of requirements. <br /> <br /> The teenagers who lead the cast this time around are truly the most disgusting, hideous group in the series. Tracy (Lezlie Deane) is the only one who can greet Freddy with "shut up, man" and a kick in the scallops. And was incongruent pop music always part of the ingredients? Freddy is dead. Do not laugh. Do not worry. No interest. No fun. <br /> <br />
