Not really, but they certainly did when they tried to think of a single line that adequately summarizes how awful this entry in the show really is. There have been some moments that might have been good, but they are mostly outweighed by their own transformation into missed opportunities and do not bring me down for the worse. <br /> <br /> The wasted opportunities are pretty obvious, but I'll summarize them here if anyone cares. Anyone who has not yet seen the movie and really gives a litter is advised to stop reading at this point. The first and possibly biggest chance was the conspiracy with Freddy's long-lost child. Well, the extreme mental illness that Freddy suffers from (and I might add that less than one percent of mental patients pose a threat to other people if not taken into account to this extent) is HERDITARY in the Lisa Zane's character dreams that Freddy murdered the teenagers; only later do we realize that she is actually committing the murder? Does it sound like a good plot idea for you? Obviously it was over the heads of Talalay and De Luca. <br /> <br /> Then there's the trip to Springfield, where the entire youth population was wiped out and the rest of the adults go through a kind of mass psychosis. Strangely enough, this mass psychosis has actually been presented in a realistic and convincing way, although it has a lot to do with never being shown too much. We receive only brief visual clues to the massive loss of the connection with reality that would result from the grief of every youth in the city who died for reasons beyond his comprehension and control. The main problem with this plotelement, however, is that the city is left too fast and without real answers. This collection of scenes would have been a lot scarier at ten minutes ... a reasonable citizen told these visitors why the Springfield show looks like a horror show. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror films are never noticed for their character development, unless they are horror films that John Carpenter has used as a director, but how are we to really care about them when characters, of which we know next to nothing, die? At least, Wes Craven took the time to set up his characters in the original and used some cheap tricks to attract the audience. That's, in a nutshell, the biggest problem with Freddy's Dead: it just does not try hard enough all in all. <br /> <br /> In a related note, Robert Englund is sorry that he is now more or less inextricably linked to the Freddy character. He has played far better characters in much better productions (for example, the science fiction miniseries "V"), and as "the man who played Freddy," one remembers that he has been forgotten forever. It seems he's never going to break the mold of horror movies now. As far as the rest of the cast is concerned, I think their performances here speak for themselves. They deserved to be typified as little more than Class B horror props. Even Yaphet Kotto does not escape this unscathed, because his character is one of the most childish in the history of B-films. <br /> <br /> All in all, Freddy's Dead gets a 1 of mine. I would choose lower, but the IMDb does not allow that. FD really proves that a writer's inability to take full advantage of a concept can ruin not just a movie but a whole range of concessions.
