I read Tom Robbins' EVE COWGIRLS GET THE BLUES as a teenager. I loved every word. It was sexy, funny and full of glamorous landscapes and beautiful writing. But when I saw the movie, I could not believe what a boring, sour, joyless garbage. How did it happen? I think someone in Hollywood read this book and put it under "GAY PRIDE - WOMEN - LESBIANS". (This is the title of the Library of Congress.) Now anyone over 12 years of age and reading the book will know that it's NOTHING to do with real lesbians, nor is STAR WARS real space travel. Obviously the book - and I mean OBWIOUSLY - was written by a heterosexual man who loves the idea of ​​lesbians (naked, all the time), but has never met one. <br /> <br /> Someone in Hollywood said, "Oh, you better give it to a gay director or gay people are causing trouble." So they handed it to Gus Van Sant. Nothing against the man, but as gay as he may be, he has no idea how to make a funny movie. Gus Van Sant perceived the playful fantasy of girls and girls without guilt, and the male voyeurism turned them into a boring, literal Lesbian Power Recruiting poster. It's like turning an Oscar Wilde comedy into an Arthur Miller tragedy. Not pretty. <br /> <br /> The most important indication that Gus Van Sant had absolutely no idea what he should do with the raw material is the excitingly bad casting. His power allowed him to stop the very best. His ignorance of the real subtext of the novel (the fantasy of a pure man, not a recruitment poster for gays) led him to make decisions that were not only bad but also bizarre THE BLUES. <br /> <br /> PAT MORITA as "THE CHINK" Okay, there are only a few Asian actors who are known by name. And Pat Morita was pretty funny in HAPPY DAYS. But throwing him as THE CHINK was wrong, wrong, wrong. Pat Morita has no idea that the Chink is a very funny man. (Gus did not tell him.) Pat does not seem to know it's the chink, either. , , well, SEXY !!! He is not wise in the book, Mr. Miyagi. He is more like Hugh Hefner! He is a horny old goat and he knows a lot when he enjoys the sweet and appealing Sissy AND Bonanza Jellybean. (You see, they are not REAL lesbians in the book.) Do you understand that this is already the fantasy of a pure man?) JOHN HURT as "THE COUNTESS". Okay, he is a gay friend. But he is an ERNSTER, SHAKESPEAREAN ACTOR !!!! You need someone who is fun and a camp for this role. It's tragic and sad for John Hurt to look like a silly guy like the Countess. I kept expecting Paul Scofield when Thomas More disguised and shook his head sadly. "Well, Richard, you know that you have lost your soul completely, what a pity, my former student!" And yes, John Hurt was funny (and pretty gay) as Caligula. But that was BLACK humor, not playful and airy humor like the book. RAIN PHOENIX as "Bonanza Jellybean". No talent, no training, no problem. Only that Bonanza in the book is funny, playful, happy, (mostly) heterosexual and loving. In the film she is grumpy, passive, expressionless and boring. Robbins puts it that way in her book. "God knows I love women, but nothing can replace a man who fits." Uh, Gus? Did you read this book? <br /> <br /> UMA THURMAN as "Sissy Hankshaw". This is a difficult role. In the book, Sissy is truly an unusually passive and shy heroine. Still, a more accomplished actress might have created a twinkle in her eyes or a wavering in her gait to imply a hidden power or a hidden joy in her adventures. Uma will not make it, probably because Gus never told her that Sissy should be a tramp cock with a beautiful body and huge thumbs. Uma plays it more like a TV movie about a girl who died of leukemia. <br /> <br /> This movie is sour and boring. And I blame you, Gus Van Sant!
