As a fan of films like "Fire Sale", "Where's Poppa", "Airplane" I saw this because it was mentioned positively in the context of real comedies and satires like the ones mentioned above. Well, WRONG CONCLUSION! <br /> <br /> Not only is not it funny, it also makes you angry because it's not bad in a relaxed, sympathetic way, but in a really bad way. It's bad, bad. The script does not contain a single funny line, which tends to get in the way of trying to entertain your audience with humor. Adam Arkins language disability is probably the most annoying thing in this movie. However, this cruelty of nature does not prevent him from being complacent throughout the movie, and he finds it difficult not to look at the camera. This amateur without charisma goes well with the constant continuity mistakes and the babbling of the story - if you can find one. Ed McMahon - I had to think of Jay Leno, another late-talk show employee who always refuses to call himself an actor. Well, I've seen some Leno movies and he's Laurence Olivier compared to McMahon. Kenneth Mars, however, is good. In the few lines he has given. I'm not easily scared of bad comedy, so I searched for all quasi-jokes every five minutes or so. <br /> <br /> As soon as Alan Arkin takes over the role, the movie becomes a kind of comedy - literally - he's in the movie 75 minutes into every scene. But it is too little, too late. When films try to deceive you, to believe that their lack of professionalism is the reason you should like them because they have the right intentions, they remind me of students I have not prepared for an exam. In these cases, you must stay strict and the grade must be an "F". (But do not assume that I'm a teacher, this is a job that is respected somewhere between politicians and child molesters.) <br /> <br /> If you're really looking for a sympathetic, fluffy horror / scifi movie If this is fun to see and contains jokes, try "Man with the Screaming Brain" by Bruce Campbell. Or look at Sunshine / Core for a modern, no-fuss, shallow sci-fi boot. That's just as funny, if involuntary.
