* May contain spoilers * A few weeks after writing my review for Hood of the Living Dead, I realized that maybe I was a bit too hard in this movie. That's why I decided to do something I had never done before. Repeat the same movie again. Do not get me wrong, I still do not like the movie, I still think it's a shit, and I still think the zombies do not look so zombie-like. The story in the movie is in my opinion still weak and rather lame. The story is about a guy named Rick, who works as a scientist (accidentally working on a serum thing that heals sick cells in animals) and his brother Germaine, the two are not exactly the best conditions (mine, an original one) Plotpunkt) and argue a lot. One day, Germaine is shot dead in a pass-by and Rick calls his scientist to take the serum with him to revive Germaine (while most people would call 911, but anyway), the serum fails and Germaine dies. "(If not would have happened if there had not been a movie), after the police and the coroner (until the end of time I still think the paramedics might turn up) leave the scene, the coroner shows Van (I still believe that it was just a van with a "coroner" decal on the side), and Germaine returned to attack and kill the paramedics and I would talk more about the plot, but I feel like you have more would tell about the story, would you not want to see it (and we would not want that now, would we?), but it suffices to make the story (in my opinion meandering at least something and is rather slow (pun intended). As I said in my report, the zombies do not look like zombies. I still think they look like they were fighting in a bar. That does not mean that they should all rot, and so on, but it should still be biting wounds on the victims. I still do not like the directors constantly changing the speed with which the zombies move. They could not really decide if they should let the zombies go or not (like most zombie movies). Do not get me wrong, I'm all about running zombies, but worry, people. In one scene the zombie runs towards the living and in the other he just comes to them. And sometimes they just do not seem believable (yes, I do know their fictional creatures anyway), of course I'm referring to the zombie running his hand against the wall as though he's walking through a dark living room and I'm pulling I still do not like the zombie lying on the ground, being shot and jerking as if he had just been shot. The sound in the film also bothered me, especially the music, which was just my copy of the movie but did not seem to exist. Music in a movie is an important people. Especially if the sound editing sounds like the director would take a camcorder from friends and make a little zombie movie. Acting is still cruel (in my opinion) and corresponds to the American "actors" from the Japanese zombie movie Junk. The movie is still bad, almost House of the Dead, it's better, no doubt, but that does not say much. It's not the worst movie out there and it's better than many direct movies about movies out there, but at the end of the day it was not good. I also think that the movie really moves very slowly, though it only takes an hour and twenty minutes (and yes, I still do not like the opening song). This type of movie is in my opinion suitable for the premiere in the sci-fi network. That's why I'm obliged to give this film debacle one in ten. But that's how it looks, at least it's not negative.
