20-year-old Delhi boy Shahid Kapur, a 20-year-old Delhi boy, falls in love with the restrained little town girl his father has chosen for his marriage. Shahid is attracted to her innocence and simplicity, and barely complies after meeting her in Madhupur, and the young lady in question, Amrita Rao, seems equally imbued with her enchanting worshiper. The marriage is fixed six months later, and despite the geographical distance, the couple are in the first wounds of young, up-and-coming love. But Amrita, who was raised after the death of her parents by her uncle and her aunt, is only a few hours before marriage affected by a terrible disaster. And then it's up to Shahid to play the venerable lover and embrace her unconditionally. Similar to Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, Barjatya's new movie Vivah is on one level a family drama with an extremely ideal drama premise. But unfortunately the plot of this new movie looks way too old, far fetched than these regressive Ekta Kapoor soaps. And the problem is clear? You just can not relate to those sparkling characters who do not have bad bones in their bodies. There are many things that work for and against Hindi films, and timing is such an important factor. Twenty-five years ago, the conspiracy of Vivah may not have felt like such an extension, but today it seems as though the product of a mind is in a time warp. Perhaps the only salvation of the film is the fact that there is sincerity from beginning to end. One can immediately see that the intention of the filmmaker is not to be deceived. Judging from Barjatya's previous films and being able to study this new film, it is safe to say that Barjatya believes in a perfect world. He believes in his good-as-golden characters. He believes that large families can live together without a happy coexistence the slightest bumps. But unfortunately he can not transfer his view to the screen. It's hard to overlook how one-dimensional are his protagonists? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and virginal? I mean, think about that, the first time they hold hands is an hour and twenty minutes after the movie. Barjatya may think that he returns with Vivah to his roots in Maine Pyar Kiya, but the reason why we embraced Salman and Bhagyashree in this film, or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun is because they had such fantastic chemistry , Although created for the same reason as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, these couples had mischief and masti. Shahid and Amrita are just boring and boring. For a movie that relies so much on the music to tell its story, the filmmaker chooses a number of pieces from the 70s that only make the tempo of the film even more difficult. But if I had to choose one reason why Vivah does not work for me, it's because I'm not sure I can identify with the characters in Barjatya's story. For some, Vivah may give the hope that a perfect world like this is actually out there somewhere. But I'm a bit cynical, I think. So, give me the coquette Madhuri from Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me the brave Salman of Maine Pyar Kiya, I even take that mischievous Karisma Kapoor from Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from those fools. You know, some marriages are not done in heaven. This is Vivah!
