If this documentary had not been created by the famous French director Louis Malle, I probably would have deactivated it after the first 15 minutes, since in 1979 he had a very boring view of a very normal city in the Midwestern United States. This is not exactly the case. My idea of ​​a funny subject and the footage closely resembled a home video collection. Considering that I did not know any of these people, it was even less interesting. <br /> <br /> Being a rather boring piece of lifestyle documentary, I wondered what the message was that they wanted to convey? Maybe the values ​​were not as conservative as you might think - this was a basic message in many vignettes (like the Republicans whose son was a draft resister) as well as the man and woman who thought of sex outside of marriage was good Or, perhaps, this meant that the beautiful hometown was under a lot of bigotry - as some ugly ideas, such as the Jews' plots for financial conspiracies, anti-black bigotry, and homophobia, were all briefly examined. > The small town of 1979 was intensively explored and an idyllic world portrayed, but when the filmmakers returned six years later, the mood was depressed thanks to President Reagan. This seemed very insincere for several reasons. First, the proportion of 1979 was almost 90% of the film, and the last 10% consisted of just a few interviews with people blaming the president for anything but acne. What about the other people in this city? Did they all consider Reagan evil or had their lives become more negative? With only a few updates it seemed suspicious. Second, while public debt has doubled in the following years, so has the gross national product. Although Malle showed a very optimistic phase in 1979, it was far from it, for in the period from 1974 to 1980 there were many bottlenecks (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and general malaise. Although I'm not a big fan of Reagan because government growth did NOT slow down during his reign, the country was generally much more optimistic than in the Ford and Carter years. While many in the media demonized Reagan (a popular sport in the 1980s), the economy improved significantly and the documentary seems very one-sided and off the agenda. If the documentary had given a more thorough coverage of 1985 and not believed too negative to be believed (after all, everyone had their lives no worse - that is contrary to common sense), I might have thought otherwise. <br /> Everything in any case, not the wonderful documentary that some have claimed - from a boring film in 1979 to an extremely canny look at 1985. By the way, is it just me, or does the film DROP DEAD GORGEOUS seem to be at least partially inspired by this movie to have been? Both are in similar communities, but the latter movie was a fun mockumentary without any serious overtones.
