When I started watching The Muppets Take Manhattan, I was convinced that I saw something new because of the choppy presentation and dialogue. So you can imagine my surprise when I came to the IMDb and read that it was made in 1984 when it was at its peak, but spin-offs like this one and Muppet Babies (apparently on a very horrible sequence in this movie) are the absolute Nadir of all things Muppets. I've always wondered why Muppets got such criticism from movie critics like Mr. Cranky. So I'm glad that The Muppets Take Manhattan (TMTM) gets me involved right away. Of course, many series had a massive loss of quality when the third episode came: Aliens, RoboCop, The Evil Dead and even Night Of The Living Dead. So it's no surprise that TMTM is less than The Muppet Movie or The Great Muppet Caper. The surprise, though, is that it's less than the great debut or slightly lower follow-up TMTM. Not only is the music less satisfying, but also the scenes that connect everything are terrible. <br /> <br /> Of course there are some redeeming and really funny moments, but there are only a few. The Swedish chef is great in every scene he lives in. Therefore, thanks to the small compassion, he can be seen in a sequence in which his eccentricity is fully exploited. The problem is that there are simply no scenes that work. The story as it is revolves around a Broadway musical in which Kermit tries to be produced. He goes through many trials and tribulations along the way, including the creeping suspicion of the viewer that we've seen it all before. The biggest problem is that Kermit does not have a decent opponent this time. Charles Durning was a Doc Hopper cinematic goldsmith, the owner of a fast-food chain that wants to use Kermit for his business. Charles Grodin was a dynamite as Nicky Holiday, a jewel thief against whom the Muppets must fight to save Miss Piggy from life in prison. The saying goes that a hero is only as good as his opponent, and these two are responsible for at least half of the size of the previous two films. Charles Grodin also emphasizes what is wrong with TMTM. The music is shit. The opening number of the Manhattan tune show, which is located in the center of TMTM, to put it nicely, the drumbiness that now dominates the air waves, appears to be coordinated. I may allow my particular sensitivity to the sounds of words and phrases coming to me, but songs like The Rainbow Connection aroused tears of joy and no irritation. Grodin's great solo during "The Great Muppet Caper," though he does not have the same response, he lifts the sound of the film by eight steps alone. He is all great. And if there is one thing that TMTM could use, it goes up eight levels, in addition to half a course. TMTM also feels very time-compressed, with the story leaping from scene to scene, regardless of whether it makes sense or ties the story together. Maddox himself pointed out that transition and cohesion make a film a coherent whole rather than a jumble of thrown-together pieces. Find out if you can find them in TMTM. <br /> <br /> While TMTM has visiting stars, they are either badly used (Brooke Shields and John Landis) or completely out of their element (Liza Minelli, Dabney Coleman)). To call this a waste of time for puppeteers and actors is flattery. The lack of an end-credits routine is especially painful here, especially after Animal's Postscript for The Muppet Movie. What another problem shows. The characters are poorly written at best, and none of their individual quirks can be seen or heard. Animal sometimes calls single words, but they have nothing to do with the conspiracy or the conversation that goes on around it. Say what you expect from sets designed to show the characters, but think of Animal's moment after eating the instant growth pills, or his "mess" after the incident, when he opened the window to the other muppets. Now, see if you can remember a single memorable moment with a single Muppet, except for the Swedish chef, who misunderstood the three-dimensional movie that includes popcorn. Give up? Then you proved my point. <br /> <br /> Given that Labyrinth, one of Henson's best and most timeless products outside of the Muppets, came out two years later, TMTM is all the more puzzling. Perhaps this dropout convinced Jim Henson to rethink his character development and usage strategy. Or perhaps the misfire lies with Frank Oz, who was just finished with George Lucas at the time, because many feel that this is the most childish episode in the original Star Wars saga. The authors were also involved in The Great Muppet Caper, so I'll give them up for that, though a script is one of the most important parts of a movie. Production is also significantly improved here, and Muppets seems to be able to move in a way that was not possible before. Had the story and script been better thought out, TMTM might have been similar to The Great Muppet Caper. As it stands, it's a great answer to the question of whether muppets write or write under the influence. <br /> <br /> That's why I rated The Muppets Take Manhattan three out of ten. Two indicate its actual quality and a bonus for the moments of the Swedish boss. Without him, this film would be hard to beat.
