The premise and theme of showing a criminal what his victims have been through his family's kidnapping sounds promising and interesting. However, this is the only interesting part that was treated with great finesse 20 years ago by director Ravi Tandon in his film "Jawab" (1985). The problem here is that Ace director Rajkumar Santoshi is in some sort of confusion about whether to make it into a fast-paced action thriller (ie Khakee) or an emotional heavy-duty drama (Viz. Damini) Confusion in the end result pretty obvious. If we two of his Pukar (2000) and Lajja (2001), this brilliant director has always brought us quite exciting films with high entertainment value, which is why this film is a surprise about what made this screenwriter to a half-baked characterization of his two protagonists. Amitabh Bachchan and Aryeman: While the movie is over, the audience did not know who to hate and who it should sympathize with, and that factor is the main limitation in the entire narrative. So what begins as a war between a simple man and a man Underworld ends up as a strange touch of self-realization and regret by the Don about what went wrong with his own family. The revelation of Don's son as a real villain is not a surprise element at the climax, which, when compared to a similar situation in 'Khakee', worked so effectively with Aishwarya's character. That's not all, there is more to it. The whole dramatization The life of an Underworld Don operating from abroad seems rather illogical: his open landing in Mumbai, which is believed to be fleeting, chasing his enemies and shooting them himself, does not seem believable. A mediocre new actor Like Aryeman to Mr. Bachchan, this is not a good idea, but the movie has some positives: Ashok Mehta's good camera work, two good fighting sequences (coordinator Abbas Ali Moughal), some light, well-played scenes by Akshay Kumar in The first half was Santoshi's rapid and smooth treatment, and of course Mr. Bachchan, as always, endeavors to fill his lifeless character with life, but all that does not make this viewing an exciting experience you and your family!
