When I looked at this recently, it was heartwarming to see how they genuinely tried to bring the book to the screen, even though the tight budget and the pounding actors inevitably meant failure. It was a disaster in every way, but I could easily imagine how good a Lord of the Rings movie could be if someone seriously made a movie - and with the money to hire the most talented artists and scriptwriters. Unfortunately, thanks to Jackson, that will not be possible for a long time. <br /> <br /> When I see this movie, I have the impression that you can not stuff that story with any budget at all. Fantasy offers so many opportunities to make an interesting movie. There have been many moments in this film that may have been more interesting than the way Peter Jackson did, although of course you always have to use your imagination because of the bad execution. For example, she tried to show the spirit world from Frodo's point of view. Or the way Galadriel showed Sam what happened to another home. <br /> <br /> Another thing that I really appreciated in this version - the silent moments. There were moments when a dialogue without background music was still spoken against a background. Compare that to Jackson's awesome swooping camera and intrusive score, which seemed to emphasize that each scene was the most poignant and powerful scene we'd ever seen. Jackson's films were full of their own meaning, this was calmer and more modest. Jackson and Co achieved this with production costs of over $ 270 million, at least $ 90 million more for marketing, a massive tax exemption from the New Zealand government, and also made massive savings from recordings in New Zealand and not in the US. Despite the marketing claims, the intention to be true was never there. That's well documented. Philippa Boyens said this in an interview when she said that they purposely did not read the books before the script again. Jackson also stated that they originally intended to shoot a fantasy film "on the model" of Lord of the Rings, and that the movie he really wanted was the king's return because there were many battles, but no character development. <br /> <br /> In contrast, this movie tried to be more. Of course, many things were wrong, the acting was terrible and pretty much submerged, and the pace was too fast. Of course, they cut a lot and adapt other scenes, and for that they deserve recognition. While Jackson added many action scenes that did not serve a purpose, Bakshi cut off book scenes that did nothing to improve the plot anyway. In fact, there is a curious resemblance between the structure of the Jackson and Bakshi films at the outset - insofar as they both deviate from the original books in the same way - though of course this could be a coincidence. <br /> <br /> This was not a good movie, but the potential was there. Bakshi said in an interview with the Onion AV Club that only animations could do justice to the Lord of the Rings. His version did not work, but he was right.
