I have not seen this movie for some time, so I can not be very specific about details. He had some interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's attempt at an animated adaptation of J.R.R Tolkien's masterpiece was a very ambitious project that was so ambitious that it went bankrupt sometime during production. Therefore, not only does it stop somewhere in the middle of the second book of the trilogy abruptly (with a hint of a continuation that was never made), the film itself does not seem to be finished yet. It seems some characters have been animated while others have been filmed, but it's hard to tell if this is intentional or not. The whole thing seems unattractive, especially the orcs and the Nazgul. Another problem, of course, are the big gaps in the plot. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this movie, and he somehow hoped to put a book in just over two hours (the new trilogy of Peter Jackson does it in about twice the time.) Too many important parts remained left out (and I'm not just referring to Tom Bombadil, who in my opinion was adorable in the book, but would look stupid in a movie.) And of course the ending that's totally sudden and out of place. I'm not even sure if Bakshi had originally intended to finish the film there, or if he had any idea where he would finish it. <br /> <br /> The characters ... well, most of them were okay. The hobbits do not look so bad (except the gay Sam.) Did you know that the producers of the new trilogy originally intended to make Sam a woman so that there would be a female protagonist?) If you're a Tolkien fanatic (Like I), watch this movie (although I'm not sure what to buy.) What special features does the DVD version have at all?). But know in advance that you will not see a true Lord Of The Rings movie 'but little more than a historical curiosity that probably does not look much better than the' 60s version if the Beatles had continued their plan (I really believe that , a psychedelic LOTR could have been pretty cool, the idea was to cast George as Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam, and John as Gollum.) If you have not read the book, or you do not like it very much, or you do not like animated films or Do not want to watch a half-finished movie ... Stay away.
