In recent years, there has been a fashion for often ironic zombie-related films as well as other media incarnations of risen carnivores. "Fido" is a movie that either seeks to make money, just a manifestation of it, or both - and falls into the category of ironic zombies. The joke here is that we see the walking dead in the contrasting context of a largely stereotyped, squeaky-clean alternative story (we are in the wake of a major zombie war, and the creatures are now domesticated as slaves). Version of a suburb of the 1950s. <br /> <br /> It's a moderately funny concept on its own and may be enough for a five-minute comedy sketch, but it can not hold a feature film on its own. The joke that rotting corpses for servants are incompatible with this idealized version of a small town repeats itself over and over again and loses all effectiveness. The soundtrack plays relentlessly sunny sounds, while zombies can upset viewers. The word "zombie" is constantly inserted into an otherwise familiar, homey line to make a cheap laugh attempt. <br /> <br /> The very broad and artificial representation of the "fifties" here can not irritate me. It's so stylized that it's obviously inspired by "Pleasantville" that it's more likely to be seen in angles with markings from its 1950s, rather than resembling anything that might have happened between 1950 and 1959. There is some disgusting ridicule about it, as if the film boasted blankly and thoughtlessly about how open, down-to-earth and superior the 2000s are. <br /> <br /> Because the characters represent such broad representations of the "types" of pop culture of the 1950s, it is difficult to develop much emotional investment in them. Everyone has some character traits that are focused on him or her - Helen is obsessed with outward appearances, and Bill loves golf and his ghost because he had to kill his father - but they remain quite two-dimensional. Achievements within the limitations of this bad writing are fine. The best is Billy Connolly as Zombie Fido, who in the tradition of Boris Karloff in "Frankenstein" actually lends character and sympathy to a lumbering green monster that can not speak. <br /> <br /> There is a bit of incorruptible allegory - about merchandise fetishism, racism, classicism, war parades and so on, but nothing really works on a broad scale, and the filmmakers do not do it. Stay with everything. Unfortunately, this movie does not come for a good hour and a half with the faint joke of "Look! Zombies in! Let It Be Beaver!" "by.
