The opening scene of this movie sets the pace for the entire ninety minutes. The recordings are generic, conventional and in TV movie quality. The snow-covered landscape is beautiful, but the characters held in it have a similar quality to watching a photograph of such a landscape, with the overwhelming feeling of distance. Part of the editing is of relatively high quality and the work of an experienced professional, but the dialogue is clunky and artificial and seems to have little impact on "real" conversations. Any emotional insight is displaced in favor of the swearing. This, of course, is the way in which everyone shows their true feelings. The plot is slow and oppressive, the general feeling is that someone dribbles cold water over your head, but so slowly that you barely notice it, and finally you feel sad and a little sorry that you get caught in such an incomprehensible situation /> <br /> The mix of genres that the Fessenden seem to have tried; Psycho-thriller, horror and family drama, although it is commendable to suffer from serious tension and interesting conversations. The way the husband, wife and children trio interact with each other is especially unrealistic. The themes of family relationships, which take place in a haunting setting, have been covered countless times before by far superior films, such as The Shining (1980). The family unit is torn by innocuous problems that are difficult to understand or take into account the relative ambiguity of the script. The family unit is barely persecuted throughout the movie, Fessenden plays the thriller possibilities of the narrative in favor of a slow family drama for most of the term. The 'stalker' character Otis has few obvious motives for his behavior and, although perhaps the most interesting and well-made character, is still very underdeveloped. The main characters are empty pods of people who were extremely difficult to connect to, and their relationships with each other were especially free from any emotion or feeling. Although young Erik von Sullivan's ignorance of his parents is probably part of the story, would a reasonable person question her son if he allegedly spoke to someone who does not seem to exist? People take this film as intelligent because of the relatively small lack of conventional aspects of creature-based horror films. However, this film fails in terms of the genre you want to put it in. You should wish it that way, but I think people would be better off analyzing their carpet for a deep emotional meaning than for those empty, subhuman ones creations.
