Just in time to capitalize on the long awaited movie version of "Dreamgirls", the DVD release of this half-forgotten musical melodrama from 1976 also takes inspiration from the rise of the Supreme. Published five years before the Broadway opening of "Dreamgirls" and partially set in the same period, it has a mostly black cast and a story about an emerging girls group. Here the similarity essentially ends. The film was written by Joel Schumacher long before he became director of the mainstream studio product ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera"). Properly worded, however, Schumacher weakens the plot and character development by injecting a wealth of clichés and impressive one-liners. With little affinity for staging musical numbers, Sam O'Steen, a highly respected film editor but a neophyte director, directs the production like a low-budget television movie with a frustratingly episodic structure. <br /> <br /> The story follows Three Harlem Sisters - sexy Sister, self-righteous Delores and Sweet Sparkle - as they sing in the church choir, meet the good-natured boys Stix and Levi and then find their first success as a vocal group first Sweater-wearing quintet called itself the Hearts and then as a dazzling trio, known as sister and sisters. But of course there are problems that go beyond the stupid name of the group - sister gets involved with nasty drug dealer Satin Struthers, who beats her and turns her into a cocaine junkie; Levi goes to jail for getting into a drug pick-up for Satin; Stix is ​​frustrated with the failure and unwisely turns to some Jewish gangsters for financial help. Delores just gets full; and poor little Sparkle has to decide what kind of future she wants. A big plus is that R & B's great Curtis Mayfield wrote the atmospheric songs, some catchy and one, "Look Into Your Heart," a real winner. <br /> <br /> The solid cast gives its best under the given circumstances. Lonette McKee's brave attempt to make Sister a tragic figure is undercut by some of the clumsy twists of plagiarism, including a sad, like Billie Holliday-like curve on the microphone. Before they were big on primetime TV, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood portray Stix and Levi with boyish vitality, albeit not very credibly. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a relatively quiet twist, as the patient mother of the girls and one in front of "Fame" Irene Cara, who effortlessly radiates sincerity in the title role (though her client and hairdresser should be shot for her vile look) achieved in the final scene). The DVD contains only the original theatrical trailer, which is complete by DJ Casey Kasem and a bonus CD with five songs of the film, which were not played by the original cast, but by Aretha Franklin from her 1976 recorded soundtrack recording. It's not a horrible movie, just more interesting when curiosities that cover the same terrain as "Dreamgirls" are lacking.
