Do you know the concept of children's art? Although it's not the best Picasso a three-year-old ever reached with his fingers, encourage them to do more. If painting makes them happy, there should be no reason a parent should hold this back to a child. If a child likes to paint or draw, you will usually immediately see the basics for the future style. They will begin to see their true form in these very primitive doodles. Well, this concept of child graphics is what I felt about Fuquas depressing cheap and uncreative movie Bait. Although it was a horrible movie in every way, it was impressive to see Fuqua's style appear even in the most chaotic moments. If you've seen Training Day or King Arthur, you'll be impressed by the birth of this director in his second film, Bait. While Foxx offers a terrible, unbridled performance, there are certain scenes that define Fuqua and demonstrate its brilliance behind the camera. Unfortunately, it has not appeared until the last thirty minutes of the movie, but if you focus only on those scenes, you'll see why Fuqua's name on so many "Best Of ??" appears. Movie lists. <br /> <br /> I will never agree with anyone that Fuqua's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. His ability to place a camera in the strangest places to convey the simplest emotions is shocking. I am surprised that Hollywood is no longer aboard this car. Even in the stupid movie Bait you show Fuquas greatness. Two scenes that come straight to mind are the explosion scene in the middle of the movie and the horse scene at the end. In both scenes I saw the director Fuqua at work. Unfortunately, in the rest of this movie I only saw a combination of almost every action movie. The likeable hero, who has forsaken his fortune and is suddenly being turned over by unknown forces, is a classic structure that only has to die in Hollywood. We've seen these two many times, and no matter who you are (unless you're Charlie Kaufmann), you can not recreate the wheel. It's just impossible with this genre, and it's proven with Bait. I was upset with Fuqua because I just sat back and allowed this to happen. This might explain why I took three shots to complete this movie. I was just tired of the structure, and while I hoped that Fuqua would redefine it, he did not. <br /> <br /> Then there was the acting. While Jamie Foxx has never impressed me as an actor, I was ready to try this controlled vehicle. I wanted to see if he could play another dramatic role similar to collateral. I got the impression that this was the movie that showed the producers that Foxx could take the role in collateral. Again I was disappointed. Foxx was annoying. Not in the sense that his character should be like that, but in the sense that neither Fuqua nor Foxx would take the time to fully train Foxx on what should be ad libed and what should be used further in the plot. Instead, we came down with scene after scene of Foxx trying to make the audience laugh. Second-long jokes and cultural statements added, only to understand that he was first a comedian, a second actor. Fuqua should have stopped immediately. Foxx's jokes destroyed his character, which left me with nothing concrete. Instead of character development, he would make a joke. No style worked, no joke was funny. The rest of the cast was average. By that I mean that I've seen them all in similar roles. They brought nothing new on the table, nothing solid for the story and nothing essential to the general themes of the film. They were farmers who filled the dead airspace. Fuqua had no control over this mess, and the final verdict only confirms this allegation. <br /> <br /> Overall this was a sad movie. With no creativity in sight and unmanaged actors only trying to set themselves up, what originally started out as a decent story sank faster into cinematic quicksand. Foxx was annoying, with no lines and a complete bag of cheese. In each scene, I saw no emotions, and when emotions were required to deliver a message, he preferred to take off his shirt instead of dealing with the issues. Are my words tough? I do not think If you're watching a movie, you want to see some creativity, some edible characters, and themes that seem to be close to home. Bait contained none of it. While I give Fuqua some credit for two of the scenes in this film, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. Apparently, I took the bait when I rented this movie, but now that I've seen it, I hope I can stop others from taking that nosy nibble. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** from ***** two scenes that were fun)
