666: The child begins with a plane crash, the only survivor of Aviator 666 was a boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart), who was adopted by reporter Erika (Sarah Lieving) and her cameraman Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) after them Incident for Channel 6 messages. At first glance, Donald seems to be a normal child, but death seems to follow him, after warnings from a Nun & Vicar Scott have begun to believe that Donald is evil and the cause of all deaths ... <br /> <br /> This straight to DVD horror movie was directed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym Jake Jackson. 666: The child is really poor. Whenever I see Asylum responsible for a movie, I'm worried I'm worried because its track record is terrible. They seem to specialize in producing and / or distributing low-budget horror films that are usually rip off of a successful big-budget horror movie and in the case of 666: The Child It's a complete rip-off to the last year , The Omen (2006), which was released in the same year to be paid out. The script by Benjamin Henry & Austin Laurel is awful and just can not match the ambitions of the Hollywood equivalent. I mean, what exactly does Donald Antichrist expect from a middle-class family in a small town? It's hardly a good starting point to destroy the world, is it? Each character in 666: The child is a form of the main character of the omen, the adoptive parents, the priest who tries to warn them and the eerie babysitter. There is a real lack of incidents, there is hardly a gore and the plot is bad. I mean, Donald killed a dentist because they tried to fix his teeth, just randomly and unnecessarily. What were all the disgusting pictures that Donald drew, where the babysitter came from, and there's just nothing that holds everything together and it's just a disconnected mess that quickly becomes very boring. The references to the number 6 are also annoying and are very inconspicuous. <br /> <br /> Director Perez is doing well, I suppose he is competent, if nothing else. There is virtually no blood or blood, there are a few drops of blood, a hand cut off and someone gets a circular saw on their face, but it sounds a lot better than it looks on the screen. It is certainly not scary, there is no atmosphere thanks to a thoroughly modest contemporary environment in a suburban home. There are no tensions, as we never really know what Donald is trying to do and therefore there is no threat from him. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is fine, it's reasonably well done, but since the actual movie is so bad, it makes little difference. Acting is not great, but at the same time I've seen worse. <br /> <br /> 666: The kid is a poor man The omen rip-off, I'd rather see either the original or the original remake this every day of the week. Not good and definitely not recommended. Followed by the sequel 666: The Beast (2007), which also ran directly on DVD.
