THE WATERDANCE (1991) The protagonist of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, is in a rehab center while others have been injured. And there he has to face a hard new life, confined to a wheelchair. This is an interesting and promising condition, which unfortunately can not be implemented. What follows instead is mostly Hollywood smash with some interesting moments. The cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes and others) is certainly brilliant and does a good job here, as you would expect, but their talents are wasted. The characters are mostly stereotypes of one kind or another, and most of them are unlikely (the Snipes character is the exception). I suppose this is a kind of attempt to "dump" or "break" people's ideas about disabled people's disability by mostly portraying them as in-your-face tricks, but this is a totally annoying experience makes . Granted, it will show you something of what people with permanent disabilities are going through, in a way that is not tempered or romanticized, which is useful and a good idea, but while the process illustrated can make a person difficult, And that's one thing worth doing, it's not part of these characters being contemptible to varying degrees. You also do not have to be Disneyfied; surely there is a middle ground somewhere. After completing the film, the character of Eric Stoltz has accepted his status as a disabled person, but since he is a flaming narcissistic monster from the beginning of the film to the end, we do not care. <br /> <br /> In addition to the character issues, the movie suffers from the strange syndrome that so many Hollywood movies suffer from. The syndrome does not actually have an official name, but it could be called "inexplicable forgiveness syndrome." It goes something like this: Characters abuse each other, and everything is forgiven without apology (a particularly disgusting example is the movie The Breakfast Club, in which a character spends most of his time filming bullying everyone within earshot, as a result of which they love In one of the newest examples, Spiderman 3, Supervillain The Sandman puts garbage in Manhattan, then complains Spiderman for about 15 monotonous minutes before waving with what "goodbye now means"). The most fearful example of IFS in The Waterdance is a sequence in which the Wesley Snipes, after being called the n-word by William Forsythe's racist biker figure and his friends in the previous scene, has the same Forsythe figure in the next scene as nothing would have happened, just after. Again without a "Oh, yes, I'm sorry about this business where I called you the n-word". I'm wondering if these people actually see these films before they're released, or just film them with their eyes closed, bang them in cut-room depending on the scene number, and call it a day's work?
