Stifler has covered his bare mile and is now visiting Beta House. Crazy stuff happens, people walk around naked and nerds make fun and this series is dead in the water. The Naked Mile was a crap movie, but I found it much better than Band Camp. It seems that they have gone back to what did not work for them, and it shows that they do not care. They can see where the audience is and they understand it perfectly. Young teens who like to see naked women, rough humor and beer drinking will love Beta House, everyone else can look a long way. <br /> <br /> Star Wars became a huge hit that stuned the crowd with its head start special effects. Lord of the Rings created a whole world of mythical creatures and massive battles that blinded the eye. The Matrix changed the way action and sci-fi movies were made, especially with the latest special effects. With all the advances in technology, we are looking forward to the next big thing that will make our jaws fall to the ground. Then comes American Pie: Beta House, which extends the limits of the possibilities of technology. When people use CGI to create spaceships, landscapes, and creatures, Beta House decides to use this technology to create seeds. Yes, what creates life, what you see so often in porn movies, is created, and time slows down to show us the white residue that shoots across the room at a teddy bear. Is that funny? Disgusting? Neither? Beta House shows more nudity than The Naked Mile, which is surprising given the previous installment title. Does the movie need that? Of course not, does it ever bring the plot, right? Is it ever laughed? Will it always excite young boys? Yes, the women are beautiful, but if I think there's too much nudity, then you might as well have done porn. <br /> <br /> The woman who perceives the inclinations of our main character is pretty and does not annoy the viewer like other girls in the show, but I do not think that character would ever do what she does , I'm pretty sure every action of the characters in this movie is anything but realistic. The American Pie series has gone from a realm of reality into a fantasy world. None of the events in this movie would ever happen, if that were the case, I'll IMMEDIATELY visit this school. Is this movie supposed to give people the feeling that they have a good time? Well, it does not, we see them enjoying themselves, by the end of the movie we hate them for all the fun they have movie, but to make it "fun" for today's audience, they decided to bullets to replace with horse seed. Do you already laugh? Instead of shooting in the head or face with that seed, put the gun in your mouth. Do you already laugh on the ground? The first time we meet Stifler's roommate, he has sex with his girlfriend. Do you already celebrate the nudity? The film seems at first glance to be like the boys trying to get into the community house, but then the film shifts to being already in the community house but having to perform certain tasks. Then it switches to a contest between nerds and the guys. It takes a little "revenge of the nerds" on us and it seems out of place. I honestly do not know what these films are about, because it goes everywhere. <br /> <br /> Most comedy seems to be in shock. Already at the beginning, the father showed his son the list of persons with whom he had sex. The joke is in there somewhere. I think it might be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list, or it could have been that a mother of a friend of his son was on the list. Either it does not work. <br /> <br /> If you have not guessed, this movie is not funny. It also does not seem to be focused, the story is pitiful and the so-called gross humor for which the series is known does not shock. Skip that lame rate and all future ones. I do not know why I saw all the entries in the series, but for some unknown reason they seem to have found my way.
