... that Jamie Foxx would ever achieve such a wonderful Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons why I was so impressed by Foxx's performance in "Ray" was that I never imagined that he had seen his haunting, hideous acting in his films like "Bait" and "Booty Call". If people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx would one day win an Oscar, I would laugh straight into their faces. Who knows? Maybe he's better off sticking to the drama, because when you see "Bait," it's clear that the comedy is not his strength. I swear to you that Jamie drank so much in this movie that I'm surprised his face does not fall off. And why does he have to do those stupid voices on every occasion he gets? Anyone familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that it is not necessary for the comedy to be loud and disgusting. If a joke is funny, it's funny. If it's not funny, it's no fun to make a crazy accent. The problem I have with some comedians who choose to try acting is that they prefer to laugh rather than be in their character. In real life, ordinary people do not always have funny comebacks and jokes. As Albert Brooks said in an interview in which he talked about his character in Taxi Driver, it is important to be funny as a character rather than to be funny as a comedian. A prime example of how Jamie violates this rule is the disgustingly horrible scene in which his cups are turned, and he poses as a model for the photos. If an ordinary person were jailed, would she really look stupid while making her shootings? And would not the police try to scold him if he did? There are many such scenes throughout the movie. Another horrible sequence is one in which Jamie unintentionally talks to the villain and he begins to set a false Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention Jamie never seems to recognize the timing of a joke. A comedic performance requires patience as it goes straight to the punch line, whether it's the right time or not. I'm not even a big Mike Epps fan, but even his performance is good compared to Jamies. In fact, for the first time, I felt slightly relieved when he appeared on the screen. Epps has the same weaknesses when it comes to comedy, but at least it chooses a more modest approach. One of the few highlights in this clunker of a comedy is David Morse, a highly underrated actor best known for his supporting roles as a villain. He seems to be the only actor in the film who deals with reality. However, the other "Green Mile" star Doug Hutchison is disgustingly exaggerated as a villain. A big surprise when you consider that he did a great job in "The Green Mile" and played hard. Antoine Fuqua has directed himself in films such as The Replacement Killers and Training Day. Even in "Bait" he shows that he can control a hellish action sequence. His only problem seemed to be in the discipline of Jamie Foxx, who probably improvised half the script with one bad joke at a time. If you are not a hardened fan of Foxx, please do not take the bait.
