I can not believe we saw all this crap, but we felt obliged to warn others to avoid it at all costs. If one of the main characters is gay twice in the first five minutes, do not ignore it as typical PC nonsense and find that it has to get better because it is not. If his fagoty friend hanging over him does not make you sick, then be grateful that the freak who wrote and / or directed this grossout somehow tries to hold back a little. I mean, get real. It's a gay thing to do in a movie in such damn times like this, but it's a very different matter if it's constantly being hit on the screen and examined up close when the liner notes are clear state that the film should be about a mother who seeks a kind of "closure" because of her daughter's sudden death. What has one thing to do with the other, could one be tempted to ask? Obviously, the two questions are inextricably linked. And if that was not bad enough, there's the bearded lady in the ice cream parlor. I mean, seriously, has this poor woman never heard of electrolysis? Why does she have to go around this way? At least, how about the shaving of the ugly thing, and while you're at it, let those horrible moles get rid of. Would you sip some ice cream she just served you? I do not think so. It has to be a New Jersey thing. <br /> <br /> You think Diane Keaton could save this piece of Drek, but think again. Was she actually trying to put a lipstick on a corpse? I do not even want to think about it. What if the corpse was supposed to be her own dead daughter? This grotesque apology for the cinema is from the beginning a slopp and that is all that belongs to it. One wishes that each of these characters would simply go into the waves and just keep going. None of these fuzzy people gets our sympathy for a moment. Trust me - watch this crap. It's not about death, about a mother who accidentally suffocated her daughter, or about the others, more unappetizing problems that keep cropping up no matter how little you want to hear it. It's a load of pervert rubbish from a misleading and talentless director.
