The plot of this horrible movie is so confused that I set the warning about the spoiler because I'm not sure I'm going to tell. The audience first sees that a man in Jack the Ripper murdered an old man in an alley a hundred years ago. Then we have the modern day and a young Australian couple is looking for a house. We get an incredibly long tour of this house and the man sees a figure in an old mirror. There lived a 105-year-old woman. There are also large iron plates covering a wall in the cave. An old-fashioned razor fails when it is renovated and the man keeps it. I suspect he is obsessed with the razor because he has strange dreams. Oh yes, the couple can not have a baby because the husband is empty. <br /> <br /> Some shapes seem to climb up the wall after the pair has removed the iron plates and the shape has the shape of a person. Later in the story, there is a conspiracy about a large stock of money. The husband murders the bodyguard and a colleague and steals the money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on ?? Who knows?? NOTHING is explained. Was the 105-year-old woman the serial killer's child? The little sister? WHY were iron plates attached to the wall? How should the serial killer stay in the basement? Was he imprisoned, starved, or just hidden by his family? Who is Mr. Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get the iron plates? He never saw again. WHY did the serial killer kill people? We only see one old man murdered. Was there a pattern or motif or something? WHY does the woman suddenly become pregnant? Is it the demon killer of the serial killer? Did he manage to infiltrate the seed of the man? And why, if the husband could subdue and assassinate a tall burly security guard, can not he overpower his wife? And how strong is the voltage system in Australia that would hit him across the room just by cutting a light wire? And why does the woman stay in the house? Is she obsessed with serial killer now? Will the baby be the reincarnated one? <br /> <br /> This movie was such a frustrating experience, I wanted to call my PBS station and reclaim my money! was the ONLY positive aspect of this story that the husband running around most of the time only in his boxer shorts, but even that was disorganized this incoherent mess not solve.
