Jörg Buttgereit seems to have fans - but I do not know why and I'm definitely not one of them! The only Buttgereit movie I've ever seen was necromancy, and I hated every minute of it, but - shockingly - this movie is worse! Death killing is useless as necromancy, but it's a worse movie because it gets so boring that only a few movies ever succeeded (it's not far from the Blair Witch Project, seriously). Some people say that this movie is "sick" and "shocking", but it really is not. The director may have commented on death, but only he knows what it is. How anyone can watch this movie and be bored with anything else is completely unknown to me. The film revolves around the topic of suicide and traces the deaths of seven different people over the course of a week. Yes, that means we have a pointless and boring episode for Monday, a pointless and boring episode for Tuesday, a pointless and boring episode for Wednesday, etc., etc. This movie makes it even more boring than my average week! <br /> <br /> Death killing seems to be an "art" film, though this seems to be an indication of the way it makes less sense than a reference to the movie, which is comparable to "art." , Each segment of the film should tell its own story - but that is not the case! We only get a short sketch on suicide, and you just wonder what it's about. The movie feels like it should be deep, but there is a big, big gap where the intelligence should be and nothing to fill it. Buttgereit uses some evocative images; I can hardly remember more than a week, because this movie is just not so memorable. There's a setting where the body of a decaying man is quite common, but it's getting old quickly and all you have left is the rest of the movie, which is regrettable. When I'm fighting for good things to say about this crap, all I can think about is this: The title sounds cool. As I mentioned earlier, Necromancy is the only other movie I've seen of this amateur director. I have copies of Schramm and Necromancy 2, and now I'm really in no hurry to watch too. The Todesking is a boring film without meaning and who calls him "art", is very wrong. Do not miss it.
