To avoid confusion, I would like to clarify a few points: I am not a red neck. I am neither moderate nor conservative. On the contrary, I am radical: a Libertarian. I'm not a WASP, I was not even born in the States. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges used to say that there is a sort of people that does not feel poetry and that these sad people usually earn their living poetry. This film was made by and for people who do not feel poetry about and for show-offs; and dare I say, by and for people who have no decency or respect for the lives or deaths of others (especially if the victims are killed as "bloody imperialists" on Yankee soil.) The original marketing idea of ​​the eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds, and a frame appears to be particularly vile and repulsive. Just terrible. Why did not they allocate as many dollars per episode as people were brutally murdered in the attack? The whole idea lies somewhere between sheer stupidity and reckless fascism. Anyone who is serious about filming (and who takes life and death seriously) should have resentfully refused to participate in this recollection of allusions and non-successors. With two exceptions: the episode of Burkina Faso - almost amusing - and that of India - documenting the story of a man unfairly and wrongly investigated for the attack. He returned home and was an American Muslim (and, frankly, when the facts became known that he was honored as a hero). All other nine episodes, essentially and extremely boring and emotionless, can be listed in two different categories: <br /> <br /> First, "I'm not interested in the thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, children, adolescents, Adults, vintage cars ... 'and can be resumed out of sheer boredom and insensitivity Makhmalbafs (Iran); Lelouch (France) ?? I'm afraid I'll heresy because it's Lelouch, but maybe it'll be his episode considered as based on an idea that can be considered almost original Tanovic (Bosnia-Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico); Gitaï (Israel); Penn (USA) <br /> <br /> Secondly, "The damned Yankees deserve it. "And can be resumed in frustration and hatred Chahine (Egypt) confirms the suicide bombers Loach (UK) considers the reckless 9/11 attacks a kind of punishment for the alleged U Support of the Chilean dictatorship under the serial killer Augusto Pinochet by the USA. In fact, someone should tell Mr Loach that the victims of Pinochet were not victims of al-Qaeda and that Chile is a South American country whose sole existence Mr Bin Laden should have ignored, should he also be informed that the sanctions of the US government against the Chilean dictatorship were more severe than in other countries; and Imamura (Japan) confusedly points out that the World War II attack on the WTC is affected. Imamura was coherent, at least in this context: the supposed cause-and-effect link is completely nonsensical, which fits in well with his episode, including a man who considers himself a snake. It pretends to be dark. It's pretty ridiculous instead. <br /> <br /> There is a kind of mistake that many, including some Americans, have shared, and it is believed that this film was not shown in any form commercially in the US censorship. Nothing further from the truth: this movie was not shown in the States because it is a complete fiasco. A fiasco of the craziest kind. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism are closest to the heart of a significant number of its inhabitants, and anti-Americanism is in vogue, the film was shown in living rooms that were hastily turned into theaters , and was applauded by a select audience: the usual sad few who regularly lend their applause to other "quaint" plays. Like the sight of a McDonalds fast food restaurant or maybe an elderly Jew burned to ashes.
