When I go to the video store to rent a movie, I usually trust IMDb's views on a movie, and until this movie I've never seen a movie rated 7.0 or higher on the site I did not enjoy. <br /> <br /> Sidney Lumet, a legendary director of some of the best films of the 20th century, has made a mistake here when he made one of the biggest mistakes a filmmaker can make: occupying a film with extreme unlikely characters without truly redeeming qualities. <Br /> <br /> I like movies with flawed characters, but no matter how dark a person's personality is, we all have a bit of light too. We are all shades of gray with something darker or lighter than others. Mr. Lumet went beyond this line by filling this movie with totally unsympathetic and almost masochistic jet-black characters. <br /> <br /> Ethan Hawkes Hank is a 30-year-old, immature, irresponsible man-child son who has parted company with a woman who hates him and a daughter who believes she is losing be what he is very much. His indecision and willingness to let others do the dirty work for him, because he's too cowardly to do it himself, leads directly to their bank robbery falling apart and the mother being killed. When he turns to his older brother at the end of the film, he is more pathetic than uplifting. Ethan Hawke plays his character well but does not get much work because he's portrayed as someone wearing a boot that's constantly being pressed onto his face, and it's not particularly important to him that he's there. By the way, the character's wife is just as bad. In almost every single shot of the movie she's in, she scolds him out of pensions and childcare and continues to fuel insults in his already lacking self-esteem. Seriously, that's pretty much all the character does. Their harpy-like behavior borders on malicious behavior. Albert Finney plays her father Charles, and although Mr. Finney has been a great actor for decades, he spends about 90% of the movie on the same mouth. Half a grimace on his face, as if suffering from the worst constipation in the world. For someone who has been an actor as a Mr. Finney, you think that he is more likely to emotionalize. Although he does not show much, his character is said to be filled with grief and anger. And when he stifles Andy at the end of the movie, it's like Dr. Frankenstein put the monster he helped shape out of his own misery. Marisa Tomei does not have much to do with her character. In an unhappy marriage with Andy and an affair with his brother for some unknown reason. Logically, when Andy's world gets out of control, she jumps into the ship, but that does not make her any less selfish or selfish than any other character in the movie, but probably the one with the most common sense. <br /> And finally we come to Andy, played by the always good Philip Seymour Hoffman, is the only reason why I rated this movie with 3 instead of 1. His performance of the heroin-dependent, misappropriated financial manager, which it is "The Perfect Crime" to steal from his parents' insured jewelry store, goes awry and is intriguing. His descent from a quiet planner of a flawed plan to an unstable, disturbed slayer is believable and tragic. Hoffman's character is ultimately the main villain of the film, but it is difficult to root him, as the alternatives are an emotionally castrated little brother and a father, who admittedly had the bad early parenting itself, leading to a later psychosis of his son and son An indirect, unintentional murder of his mother led <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this film is really worth seeing only for the great performance of PSH and its family train accident. Just do not expect that there are any characters worth cheering for, because that really does not exist.
