Singleton has some serious issues to deal with. I feel like he thinks he's pretty smart. However, this film is almost funny and self-righteous. In addition, there are a number of reports that may make "power to the right" as if our local Nazi idiots were beaten. I mean, who in the right mind will root for a few Nazi idiots? But just as Singleton describes the "fight", he is downright stupid and seems to be designed to show us more superior fighting abilities of the black protagonists than anything else. There is one more "villain" (actually a drunken boy boy) who rapes one of the movie's protagonists. In that case, I think Singleton is actually doing a nice job, which is too common a situation when the woman in question asks the frat boy to use the condom and either does not have a condom or not. In any case, he does not comply with their demands that he stop, and despite their requests for intercourse. I think that this kind of rape is all too common, and indeed many uniformed men refuse to accept the fact that it is even a rape. Well, no does not mean this is a rape that is likely to be common in universities across the country. <br /> <br /> After the rape has been determined, how does Singleton handle it? When the lad boy tries to call the woman, the roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone, whereupon the boy burger calls the roommate a "black slut". The beleaguered roommate seems to be a lawyer to Ice Cube et al. To appeal, who then physically humiliates the boy boy and abuses in repeated and lengthy "excuses" to participate in his racist utterances; however, the lesser crime of rape (apparently appearing in Singleton) is not mentioned. Again, no one should really regret the suffering boy; However, Singleton seems to send a double message that a racist commentary is a bigger offense than rape, and violence is in any case justified against shocks. <br /> <br /> What is ultimately so disappointing could have been this movie It was really important, but Singleton, though undoubtedly a talented director, does not seem to have the maturity or depth to pull something of this magnitude.
