The Blob opens with one of the most bizarre title songs of all time, sung by an unrooted Burt Bacharach! You really have to hear it to believe it. The blob may be worth watching for this song alone. My summary of user comments is just a taster of the classic lyrics ... After this disquieting opening sequence, The Blob introduces us to viewers, that is, Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen as Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut) parked somewhere alone and witness what a meteorite looks like falling on the ground in nearby forests. An old man (Olin Howland as Olin Howlin) who lives in a cabin also sees it and is looking for an investigation. He finds a crater and a strange football-sized rock that bursts when it deliberately pokes it with a stick. In the middle of the meteorite lies a strange jelly-like substance sticking to the stick, if you know what I mean! Then he slides the stick and attachés to the old man's hand. Meanwhile, Steve and Jane are quietly driving their own business as the old man runs in front of Steve's car, and Steve, a decent guy, decides to take the old man to Dr. T. Hallan (bringing Alden 'Stephen' Chase as Steven) Chase) at local practice. Dr. Hallan says he does not know what the substance is in the hands of the old man, but he keeps getting bigger and asks Steve to go back to where he found it and see if it has happened. Steve agrees, but has not found anything and when he went to Dr. Hallan's operation returns, he witnesses the blob devouring him. The city police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe) and the teenager, who hates sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson), do not surprisingly believe a word of it, ending up with Steve and his colleagues Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields) & suspicious. someone called "Mooch" Miller (James Bonnet) because he had played a complicated practical joke in the police department. However, as the blob continues to eat, it pulls through the city. Steve is looking for evidence of his existence and convinces the police of the threat he has not only in their city but in the whole world! <br /> <br /> Directed by Irvin S Yeaworth Jr. and an unidentified Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was very disappointed with this original version of The Blob, the original 1958 version. The script of Kay Linaker as Kate Phillips & Theodore Simonson is absolutely boring and extremely boring, without the strongest aspects to use. The Blob focuses on the annoying playwrights and conflicts between the youth and the police. In fact, the bulk of The Blob is spent on Steve trying to convince the police of the existence of the blob. For the most part of the movie, the blob itself seems almost insignificant and a little forgotten. There are only two or three scenes for the first hour and a little bit to the less than exciting climax when adults and teenagers need to work together to defeat the blob and reaffirm successively, yuck! Why could not the blob eat so much? There is no explanation as to what the blob or its origin is except from outer space. How long did it take you to find out? The dialogue is as clunky and stupid as people's actions and decision-making. I love the role when a nurse named Kate (Lee Paton or Lee Payton, has anyone used their real name in this thing?) Faced with the blob. She throws some acid over it and calls quietly: "Doctor, nothing will stop!", How does she know that "nothing" will stop it exactly? There's no blood or violence, so do not worry, the special effects on the blob itself are not that bad, but it barely has time for the screen and moves very slowly, a bit like the movie in general. Acting is awful, McQueen is supposed to be a teenager when he was actually 28 years old and he shows he's old enough to be his own dad! The same goes for most other "teenage" form members. All are generally made of wood and do not convince in their roles. Technically The Blob is a very simple, dark static photograph, dull direction and forgotten production values. The Blob is one of those films that probably sounds good on paper and is known as a "classic," but is actually a big disappointment when it's finally seen. This is a case when the remake The Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. The original blob is slow and boring and the remake is not, the original blob does not contain blood or blood. The remake does it, the original blob has incredibly bad acting and casting choices. The remake does not work a lot of screen time, which only eats three or four people throughout the movie, and the remake shows the whole stain throughout the movie and it basically eats a whole city. The choice is simple, the remake every time because it's a better movie in every way. I give the movie two stars and give this wonderful main title song one for itself. Certainly not the classic that many seem to recognize.
