It is nothing but a strange coincidence that I decided to look at STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of the day in June 1950, when President Truman's US troops ordered the Korean War. You see, STARLIFT is mainly used at the base of Travis Air Force in California when it served as a base for soldiers who were shipped in Korea. However, to do that, you would have to do some research yourself, because during the movie, not only the name "Korea" is mentioned. We see transport planes taking out fresh troops and returning with wounded soldiers, but there is no mention of where these men will fight or injure themselves. What a strange way for a movie to wave the flag and appreciate America's men in uniform. Released in December 1951 by Warner Brothers, STARLIFT is an obvious effort to reproduce the success of the star-studded World War Two Morale booster Hollywood Canteen. This 1944 crowd-pleaser told the story of two soldiers who spent their last three nights in LA's famous nightclub and hoped to get a date with Joan Leslie. But it really was just an excuse for Warners to outsmart any contracted star, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield, and Barbara Stanwyck, to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet, and more. STARLIFT features two Air Force soldiers meeting the fictional starlet Nell Wayne (a mask-like Janice Rule) and persuading a bunch of Warner Bros stars to show off for the outgoing troops. In 1951, instead of Crawford, Garfield, and others, the Warner brothers were the best, with Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson, and Phil Harris with James Cagney's runs, Randolph Scott, and a clear-minded opponent-looking Gary Cooper. This worn-out cast, whose combined star power is barely able to reach the light of a floor lamp, is perfectly fulfilled by the lush production values. Presumably, in an effort to save money, several long scenes were shot with a really bad back projection. How bad is it? You can see the connection where the screen hits the floor of the stage. To label STARLIFT sloppy, lazy, and third-rate films is a drawback for movies that are sloppy, lazy, and third-rate. It's just awful. Avoid it.
