Whoa Boy. <br /> <br /> Have you always wanted to see a documentary about a megalomaniacal jerk who has ruined his own life and alienated everyone around him? Well, they exist in many forms. But have you ever wanted to watch a documentary about someone who does not succeed, despite the praise of everyone, that he is an artistic "genius"? Well, you probably could just grab a camera and find someone like him in a local scene (I know they're everywhere and I do not even follow the local scene), or you could save the effort by spending money, if you look at this trip. <br /> <br /> The premise is good and, frankly, it's not as if the filmmakers know exactly where they are going, considering that this is one of the difficulties of making a documentary. We have two bands, The Brian Jamestown Massacre, led by Anton, and The Dandy Warhols, led by Courtney. I heard of The Dandy Warhols before I saw this movie ... not the Brian Jamestown massacre. Why? From the perspective of this documentary, because the intergroup disorder of Brian Jamestown Massacre denied them the opportunity to truly create it in the music industry. However, instead of analyzing the two separate bands and how to be successful, the focus is more on Anton and his madness. <br /> <br /> Because, see, Anton is a "genius". "Because he plays rock music, he really understands the evolution of music" ... because he plays rock music with many different instruments, his music is considered "postmodern retro but future" ... because it is rock music, he wants a "revolution Okay, let's be honest ... after twenty minutes and this is one of the stupidest kids I'd want to see a documentary for. <br /> <br /> The documentation itself is not suitable really, to show some of this Anton's talent because, because we're working 2,000 hours of footage in less than two quarters of an hour, we do not have time to focus on it, instead we look at how Anton, "the genius," the social-manic loser, for the two hours is a jerk and just to understand that he has really made great music, whether he did or not, I do not know, because it's not that the documentation had enough time to prove it , What I do know is that then we're told a story about a selfish, disgusting Twerp running around the country calling himself a god of music who does not mind. Why should you even look at it? People like Anton do not deserve the attention they seek, the hope and admiration of all these different people, and above all, a doomed potential to lose their potential. This movie is played for a reason like a two-hour, roughly cut VH1 special: it's about music, but it's all about image and attention. Look at the guy, look at how he dresses, look at how he behaves, look at how he's trying to create controversy because he can not afford marketing. <br /> <br /> Frankly, the only interesting character in this movie is Joel, and it's up to someone in this documentary, Joel is the only person who seems to have fun. Maybe it's because he's the tambourineist. The rest is all "rock stars"! They deserve our attention, admiration, interest and commitment! They are out there saving "rock and roll". Do you remember when The White Stripes were supposed to save "Rock and Roll"? Yes, that was because of Anton, and it is "selfish of them not to mention me (Anton) as an inspiration." What a load. People like Anton are best forgotten. This documentary explains why mainstream music is so boring - because music managers have to grapple with people like Anton and ultimately just leave their support behind them safely and dispassionately. Thank you, Anton. Their antics ruined the music for ALL who touched you, regardless of the opposite opinion. And if people disagree about "Anton" and he was really a genius, it still shows how bad this documentary is that he gets so cut off. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
