I went into this movie with great hopes. Normally I'm not overly fussy about my films and creature movies are * always * fun, or so I thought. I will list the good parts of this movie: -the creature effects. All creatures were well done, their movements were realistic and they fit in well with the other pictures. To be honest, the creature effects were the ONLY reason I gave this movie a 2 instead of a 1. Now the bad things: - The acting. My God, I've seen bad acting, but this movie takes the cake. Not a single one of the characters is even * near * believable. It's as if the director sent out a casting call and picked out the worst test runs. I tried very hard not to giggle too loudly because I did not want to annoy anyone in the theater, but acting was really THE BAD. -The story: The whole story is full of action from start to finish. You can select at least 5 plotting holes from each 30-minute slide. Of course the plotting holes complement the cheese. This is probably one of the clichiest, unthinkable and absolutely stupidest stories I've ever seen on the screen since I had the great misfortune to see parasite on the sci-fi channel one night. -The Dialogue: This is a world in which everyone says the cheeseiest and clichiest thing he can, at every opportunity he can. In this world, it seems like every line has spoken in at least 30 other low-budget creature films. It is the world of cheese and cliché. -The special effects. While the creature effects were downright awesome, the special effects fail miserably. Yes, they are better than those seen in other films, but a lot of them are included in the presentation. And this movie has no presentation. To be honest, it somehow looks like the special effects of the Power Rangers TV Show. Conclusion: Dragon Wars is worth neither your time nor your money. The concept is good, but it's caught up in the bad direction, acting, dialogue and cheesiness of the movie. Wait until the next big monster movie comes out. It must be better, because Dragon Wars is absolutely terrible.
