As with most reviewers, I've seen this on Starz! On demand. After watching the preview with my girlfriend, she decided not to look at how bad the preview was. On the other hand, I thought it looked weird to justify watching. I mean, the design of Dr. Meso alone made at least a brief overview of this title. After looking at it, I can say that while there are some interesting aspects (browsing through the notebooks and determining the incomprehensible story), it is best to ignore them. <br /> <br /> * Major Spoilers Ahead * After the first singer Cassidy made her first video for her unfinished CD, she herself tries to get her friend Neil to see her. 3 months later, the band tries to decide whether to end the album or not. To see what Cassidy wanted, visit an old psychic friend. Meso, and try to contact her about him. In his card reading, Dr. Meso made four straight death cards for the four remaining bandmates. Bad times are ahead of us. (I just wanted to say that they explain later in the movie that the death card really is just a change, a kudo for them, at least.) Even without the consent of her deceased friend, they decide to go ahead and finish the album But while in the bathroom is, sees Cassidy's best friend, Dora, her deceased friend. When another bandmate searches for her, Dora is in the dark and asks for his sunglasses. Then the murder begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with the movie from the beginning is that it seems hard to be stylized into a mistake. Too many distortion effects, unnecessary zooms and a host of other cheap effects puzzle this movie. An incoherent plot does not help. While the narrative is related to the first part, everything collapses as soon as Cassidy is revived. We have incidents between Cassidy and dr. Meso (who mysteriously entered a locked building), showing that they are somehow connected. Within minutes of this revelation, however, we discover that Cassidy is truly an independent being of Meso. Then she turns to the guy who helped her with the vengeance, and he flits away in a manner reminiscent of Jack Nicholson as The Joker. But not in a good way. <br /> <br /> From that point on, Cassidy's whereabouts will be displayed, but there are odd gaps as the character moves from place to place, almost out of sequence. A scene where we see Cassidy standing at a desk as one figure moves on to the next is nowhere to be found. As he moves behind the desk, we see her at the end of a hallway. Then, in another room, he grabbed the keys (which Neil already has) and then returned. Not to mention that Cassidy's mood runs from one moment to the next without any catalyst for it. In a moment she wants to kill everyone (even though she only hurt 90% of the characters) - the next moment she apologizes to everyone and goes back through the door to die. Sounds confusing? Because it is so. I'm sure the author could not even understand it. <br /> <br /> As for the performances, most are very wooden. Some are interesting, but overall, this is not a play known for acting. History is the driving force behind this piece.
