I hope the audience, who considered 'Dream Machine' as one of the best and best 'films of the century', was fun. Undiscovered sarcasm on my part? I sincerely hope. <br /> <br /> "The Dream Machine" is the first of a long line of mediocre capers that would plague the rest of Corey Haim's career (except "Prayer of the Rollerboys," which was surprisingly decent). , Here Haim plays the casual college boy Bernie, who assumes that a cool car will attract the attention of his dream wife. Lucky for Bernie, a wealthy woman who wants to reach her deceitful husband, decides to reward her loyal piano tuner - Bernie - with a gift: a sleek Porsche Turbo. Unaware of the woman and unhappy for Bernie, however, is that her dead husband was murdered and his body was hidden in the trunk. Well, in this movie, the bodies do not seem to spoil or have a pretty bad radio. Bernie is not aware of this. In fact, the ignorant boy has no idea that despite some unusual circumstances, something suspicious is going on. In particular, he is followed by a grizzly man who is desperately trying to get hold of this body relatively undetected. <br /> <br /> This is a weak action flicker, as many of Haim's films are like these (see The Double O Kid.)). Although it is part of the action and is in part a romantic comedy, this film offers nothing to the viewer, at least in the first forty-five minutes in which the filmmakers take more than enough time to show the immediate problem (ie Bernie's possession) Interesting of a car and a corpse, and a hitman finds out that the Porsche will be hard to find). After that, and thanks to the bad acting of Haim (I also loved this kid, but it is not exactly a sin to admit the times when he obviously could not act well) and the lack of real immediacy and an emergency between Bernie and The villain does not make much of the events convincing and therefore unsightly. To make the insult even more damaging, the soundtrack was unbelievably ridiculous and sounded more like self-evident songs that you would hear in Team America (see 'Date' montage). <br /> <br /> Loyal Corey Haim fans should do so Do not be disappointed to see their boy abound. However, others are aware that Haim's career probably reached its peak at 14 or 15 and never recovered. Perhaps they expect mediocrity, as well as spectators who are only looking for B-comedy fluff of the early 90s.
