I am impressed! Wow, get ready to be blown away by the sinister ways of the Ninja. Watch them jump off, crawl along the ground (on your back or stomach) like a caterpillar, fly through the sky, climb buildings, hide and jump from trees, throw ninja stars, roll up welcome blue mats, disappear into smoke bombs , make a lot of swoosh sounds with their blades and sneak around on their toes. What a sight! I could really talk about the many traditional actions, but I'm here all day. Not to mention that we even see the legendary Chuck Connors appear from time to time and watch him with his shotgun send a few ninjas with little ease. Which class! What a git! Even so, the ultra-cheap "Sakura Killers" is a stupid, but cheesy ninja-action-fun that only fanatics in the genre could get out of this shonky B-grade debacle. <br /> <br /> A genetic laboratory in America has a very important video stolen from a few ninjas. Two Americans are sent by the Colonel (Chuck Connors) to Japan to retrieve it. <br /> <br /> The opening of the feature makes it good. Get ready for the laughs! After that it slows down, but soon after the two main protagonists learn of the ninja and go through the training, it gets a lot of steam as they fled costumes and fled for the stolen beta band, which contains a very important formula. At this moment, the violent action and aerobics arts are used. It's not too shabby either (like the stupid scenario and fool's performance). The last climatic showdown is very well done. <br /> <br /> In the slow sections, the two Americans (Mike Kelly and George Nicholas) investigated the case, conducted mindless discussions and found some minor issues. What made me laugh was how the ninjas were deterred by the bravery and wisdom of the two. That should be professional killers? Director Dusty Nelson ('Effects (1989)') does a serious job with what he had and plays it the way it is. He focuses the screen activities on distinctive locations in Taiwan. The score is a chintzy arrangement.
