So I rented it to Netflix because someone gave me Roger Ebert's book "I hated, hated, hated this movie" and he gave this movie a rare zero star rating and at the end of his original review, said "Mad Dog Time" should be cut open, so I thought Ebert had said I'd see if it was really as bad as he said I know most societies say they do not listen to any critics and for wanting to judge for themselves, but I could not express how much I hated this piece of garbage like Ebert and since Ebert's review of Rob Reiner's "North" in which he said he hated the movie ten. I've had such a brilliant hate film review Here's Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster, who I think would not be terrible to see Dreyfuss as a gangster if the script for this movie was well written Or all the other things that were terrible about this "movie", I can certainly tell you that the script was not well written at all. While the film begins with Jeff Goldblum, who said he liked Dreyfuss's girlfriend while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital, the movie begins a decent dialogue after the opening credits. But after those first 4 or 5 minutes, the other 85 minutes are just stupid characters talking pointless garbage for 30 seconds, then someone is shot. Then there are a lot of jokes that Dreyfuss is mentally ill. Haha. Not funny. Then we get an unpleasant and listless scene in which Frank Sinatra's "My Way" is sung by Gabriel Byrne, apparently to insult Dreyfuss. Of course, because the script was written at a sixth-grade level, Dreyfuss shoots Byrne five times and Byrne just will not die. Should we even care about it as a spectator or find it mildly funny? I can tell you that I did not care or was funny. Not only are I disappointed with Dreyfuss (whom I greatly admire as an actor) for the production and starring role in this threesome, but also Jeff Goldblum because he was released in the same year Independence Day was the film with the highest Revenue was the year and ultimately one of the most successful films in history. Did Goldblum feel that "Independence Day" would be a flop and then simply take on the next role offered to him to make some money if "Independence Day" was a bomb? What did an Oscar winner and the star of two of the greatest films in history earn from afar? The opening sequence of "Mad Dog Time" states that the movie is set on another planet. I just wish I spent 93 minutes watching this garbage, that it would have stayed in the theaters on the planet where it allegedly takes place and been opened so that everyone on this planet would never be here of this ridiculous waste 93 minutes in front of me would be life that I will never come back. Ebert, the film should have been cut, is not good enough, I'm afraid. Every issue of "Mad Dog Time" should have doused and set fire to gasoline. So far, I have not crowned any of the worst movies I've ever seen, because this film was rated the worst movie ever.
