What an insult to Olivia D'Abo, who plays the heroine of the film, Robin, Keanu Reeves in the boxing style of the film (and at least in the recent reprints, only to make Reeves appear on the box) in view of this appear let you be the star. I know it's his name that will ultimately sell this long forgotten After School Special, but at least give the woman some credit. <br /> <br /> Still, this is one of the worst teenage sports movies I've ever seen, and it's very difficult not just to intervene every teenage and sports cliché of class warfare between the feudal gymnasts teen romance. And in an effort to somehow present itself as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (with the music in one of the warehouse dance scenes, even Michael Sembello's remarkable "maniac," made famous by Flashdance, or even vice versa?). It contains similar dance sequences and, even worse, even the 80s dance and sports tradition of hackneyed dance-offs between the heroine and her antagonist, the one who doubts her successes and abilities in the team. We saw this in Trashin '(a ramp tournament) and Rad (BMX danced at the prom, though it was not much for the competition, but rather for fun). In fact, this movie is full of unrealistic craziness, like the somewhat homo-erotic role in Salvation Army clothing with Robin and her boyfriend from the team. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, the film is about a young girl who comes from rather poor backgrounds. To fight the audience with as much sympathy as possible, she lives with her ailing mother, her disgusting sister, and her careless (and somewhat abusive) stepfather. Needless to say that Homelife is not so appealing. Add a talent for gymnastics to the mix, but several obstacles to joining the team (including the harassment of their arrogant, snobby teammates and a coach who ultimately doubts their ability to compete well). And of course we can not forget that she has eyes for one of the pretty boy prepppies who runs out with one of the annoying teammates, or that she does not have a boyfriend (though Keanu comes in later than Tommy). Could this child be even miserable? And it seems that one mess after another comes to embarrass themselves in their painfully long, superfluous and clichéd quest to prove their value to all. <br /> <br /> But also the big moments of cheesiness that make up the most The movie is hardly worth mentioning, considering that the horrible acting and the dialogue are the biggest distraction for this movie. (I like how the gym trainer suddenly appears in the middle of a dance at the diner to insult his teammates). It makes episodes of "Amazing Stories" look like Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I imagine that anyone who can locate this movie is likely to be attracted nowadays for the nostalgic factor. You may be happy for that, but it's also an incredibly forced drama. So, Caveat Emptour.
