- Could contain spoilers ... but believe me, this movie spoils itself from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> I went into this movie with high expectations. It was my own fault. So far, I've put too much emphasis on Steve Carell's record. 40 year old maiden ... Little Miss Sunshine ... The office. I also made the mistake of coming to IMDb and seeing a rating of 7.5 before going to the movie. It has always been a very good predictor in the past, but there is definitely something going on recently. The last time I found this embarrassing was 1990's "Blue Steel" when I was in so much pain in this movie theater. <br /> <br /> This film fluttered from beginning to end. The script was flaky material. Terrible writing all around. "Murderer of love"? "Love is an ability"? Whoever wrote this crap suffered the same pain that hit the authors of American Beauty ... and tried to try Waaaaayyyyyy too hard. The entire movie was peppered with Three's Company'ish moments like the terrible and fictitious shower scene. Or the pointless / confusing aerobics scene. Or the terrible washroom scene. If you think that something serious and / or real is going to happen, you will be lost in one of those awful moments. And it happens again and again. <br /> <br /> And what about Carell's character? The guy meets something lame in a bookstore and suddenly falls head over heels in love? Let's be honest. Their conversation was shit. Both would have had to say goodbye after a few minutes. Pay close attention to the initial conversation if you have the misfortune to watch this movie. Carell's character is trying to say something that is completely random and uncomfortable (I think the exact line was "this time when I was one) child" ... that's it. Seriously), but both laugh so much that coffee is just spurting from the nose. The actors themselves looked as if they were in pain. They wondered why they were told to do what they did. Back to the IMDb thing ... you have to find a way Keep the promotion team of a movie from this site. I know it's impossible, but it's painfully obvious that the first 20 reviews / ratings were posted by either 12-year-olds or Flunky's hired by the studio. Take a look at the rating of The Family Stone ... if it's a mid-5, it must necessarily be a 2 ... and that forces itself on.
