After watching this movie, I had two very annoying feelings about this movie: Why did you make Chen's character that "McGuyver hit man" and Lee's character an incompetent idiot? Chen's background is that he grew up in a subterranean Cambodian orphanage as a bloodthirsty fighter, learning to beat him to death like wild "dogs." This detail is brought to the foreground in a scene where he gets into a taxi early on, and when he starts to drive, he shows how he is not familiar with the seatbelt. Soon after this scene, he has a similar situation in a dim-sum restaurant. He is not only uneducated, he is starving. This is not an indication of Chen's scrawny physique, but of the two early scenes in the movie where he strips off food, one of which is the rice pudding from the bottom of the bottom deck of an old ship. In the first ten minutes of the film, it is noted that Chen is malnourished, outmoded, and has only something to offer him, his "dog," who has some kind of fighting style. Despite this situation, Chen manages to shoot every cop (even toss a bullet out of a metal tube to hit a guy in a head holding Chen's girlfriend hostage) and somehow has achieved super human strength (swinging a 50 lb concrete block At the end of a metal pipe plastered to the head of the police chief AS, who is shot in the chest (by this boss) Now Lee's character ... okay I understand, he is depressed, he has some luggage, but wow, he can In a moment they try to make him cool, laid back and ready to take care of the business, and the next moment he was just beaten again, the first scene where he meets Chen, and he can turn it off At the end of the scene, Lee Chen watches his close friend and co-worker slowly stabbing his neck with a long knife for 5 seconds while standing at a distance of 10 feet holding a gun to Chen's face. Even at the end of the film, Lee manages to be stabbed and fails again. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this movie is that it's presented in a way that filmmakers try to get the audience to sympathize with Chen's character and that he just "survives" , That would be a lot easier if I did not just watch Chen kill innocent people throughout the horrible movie. Of the many people he killed, only two had the intention of killing him, the police chief and Lee. Others were only people who ate, boat owners, taxi drivers and police officers who tried to arrest him, not to kill. All in all, Chen's character is just a cold-blooded killer killing what he wants, even if it's just a free ride. (Did I mention that he carries almost the whole movie over a bundle of hundred-dollar bills?) My 3 stars go to some of the interesting director / camerawork that made some nice shots. <br /> <br /> One for the crazy Chen fans. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
