By saying "Kool Aid Drinker" I mean that these fans of the man Pavarotti are so devoted fans that they make no attempt to objectively evaluate this film. Giving a 10 is like giving Wally Cox the prize for Mr. Universe or bringing a velvet Elvis painting to the Louvre !!! When this movie debuted, I remember the brutal reviews with headlines like "No, Giorgio" and some said it was one of the worst movies ever made. This is definitely overkill. Although he is poor and far from a great work of art, there was a lot to like about the film, and the movie's biggest deficit was not Pavarotti's acting or scope. Believe it or not, the brunt is the blame alone on the shoulders of the writers (who, I believe, were chimpanzees). It's rare to see a movie with such cliched dialogues or silly scenes as the food fight, but even they are not the heart of the problem. The problem is that the authors intend the audience to take care of a "romance" that consists of a horny married middle-aged man and a seemingly desperate woman. Perhaps European audiences may forgive more, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such a romance seems grubby and selfish - especially when Pavarotti Harrold says he loves his wife and "that's just fun." Wow, talk about romantic dialogue !! If they just changed the script a bit and made Pavarotti a widower or maybe his wife would have been like a woman from a couple's classic Hollywood movies, like ALL THIS AND HEAVEN, TOO or THE SUSPECT (where the woman was) so outrageous and unlikely that you could give the husband an affair or even kill him). Instead, she is the loving mother of two children who patiently waits at home while her selfish husbandbeds bump right and left - as Pavarotti must admit, she had had many affairs before meeting Harrold. Sadly, the beautiful music of Pavarotti could not save this movie. At the end of the film, there are some amazing scenes in New York where the set is just incredible and Pavarotti's vocals are transcendent. For this reason, I think the movie has earned at least a 3rd. I really wanted to like the movie more, but it was a really bad movie - though not as lazy as you may have heard. <br /> <br / Sadly, according to what I've read, this film could be a case where art imitates life, since Pavarotti's own life later had some parallels to this film, though this is not exactly the forum, to discuss this in detail.
