I had heard nothing of this movie until I read an article on the Unknown Movies website that made me curious. As a caricaturist and illustrator I am an admirer of Richard Williams' work - I rate Ziggy's Gift as one of the most beautiful Christmas specials of all time and even though Roger Rabbit is no longer one of my favorite movies when I came by. At the age of sixteen, I still have that highest respect for the amount of work, care and attention to detail that was used in the creation of the visuals - but it seems that the man has his faults, especially the tendency to exceed the budget and exceed the schedule, and This film is a testament to how far that can go, even if a super talent like Williams can do it in the right circumstances. Raggedy Ann and Andy are a strange make-up who tries to be funny experimentally and off the wall as part of a children's cartoon. It also tries to be a musical. It also tries to be a thousand others - is it a freakout? Is it a mind-blower? Is it a role model for the innocence of the child's imagination? - until it finally collapses under the weight of its own boundless ambitions and aspirations. It's for the most part beautifully animated, though the bland backgrounds might need a bit more attention, but even that does not matter much if you're confronted with the hallucinogenic absurdity that makes up a lot of the "action" here. <br /> There are a number of problems with the movie, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy himself. They are the stars of the show, but they have no personalities. In fact, we get word that Andy is a wannabe type ("I'm not a girl's toy," he sings) and that Ann has a unique perspective because her owner, a little girl named Marcella, turns her upside down. But that's all we can find out about these boring characters, because the overwhelming comedy of this movie does not seem long after that. I purposely use the word "craze" because some comic movies can be very entertaining, but that's just weird. The toys and dolls in the playroom should be cute and adorable, but they are actually bizarre and disturbing. The two puppets, who synchronize and say everything, are a prime example of this. But they are also relatively normal compared to the constantly sneezing pirate captain, whose mustache straightens and whose bar visibly swells when he first sees a glamorous French doll. Yes, that should be a children's movie! Then there is the music of which none is memorable and all are sung by actors who can not sing. And to insult injuries, much is sung in this movie. When Ann and Andy finally make it out of the playroom, they are the first in the forest to sing a LONG number about how anxious they are, how they'll always be and ... yes, we get the message. It seems like forever, but it brings at least some normality back to the movie. Not for long, the wrinkled camel takes us into a bizarre world where everything looks like worn and faded denim, and - bad enough that he's clearly a paranoid schizophrenic - and he starts to hallucinate , But that's nothing compared to the following scenes. The greedy, alive, breathing. Bursting, farting, constantly eating rags, is so trippy, scary and ultimately disturbing that you barely believe what you see - this is so close to a drug-free psychedelic experience I've ever seen in the movie. Then, after a long time with the greedy, comes the psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his master King KooKoo, whose throne resembles a urinal. I can not believe I'm actually writing a capsule description of a real movie here - I just had to rub my eyes and remember that I do not blog about an overwhelming nightmare I had. Part of the sequence in Looney Land resembles one of the old Winsor McCay / Little Nemo cartoons, for no good reason, except when someone felt like doing so. All would be fine if there is some kind of rhyme or reason for it, but there is none. These scenes are just weird and very, very long. Surrealism works only when a strong idea is behind it or against a glimpse of reality. But NOTHING in these scenes indicates some kind of reality. Take this element away, and you have pure enjoyment for yourself. <br /> <br /> When the final scenes decrypt, even the animation is less impressive (the pirate ship, ridiculously detailed) jerking around on the water in a way that suggests some of the cels disappeared during production ), and there is an end-to-end event that just runs out of money. Even at a meager 86 minutes, the movie feels like a never-ending test, and it's understandable why it flopped on its original release. Animation fans will probably scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to rinse them so spectacularly, but he did, and there's nothing anyone can do about it.
