SHALLOW GRAVE starts with either a tribute or a rip off of the shower scene in PSYCHO. (I tend to rip off.) Then it gets worse and then surprisingly better, almost as if it were original. Poor acting and amateur directing do a pretty interesting little story, but the movie already surpasses many in the "Yankee comes to the south to be killed by a bunch of rednecks" because he's actually turned to the south br /> A group of Female students goes to Ft. Lauderdale for the summer holidays and are driven away in Georgia with a flat tire after leaving the main road. (Note to Yankees: Stay on the highway when you drive to Florida.) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) has to pee to go into the forest. When she finally finds a good spot for her business, she sees the local sheriff (Tony March) strangle his lover (Merry Rozelle) to death. (Note to Yankees: do not wander into the forest when you're in the south, not because you're witnessing a murder, but you may come across a marijuana plantation.) This is the point where history, not film, actually comes close to being good. <br /> <br /> While Tony March never has to give his Oskar speech, his Sheriff Dean becomes a scary facsimile of a normal man, torn from what he has done and what he has to do. Tom Law is personable as Deputy Scott, as well as an authentic MEP from the South, as I have seen him since Walton Goggins (Deputy Steve Naish) in HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES. Some scenes in the movie are worth mentioning. The girls stop at the BBQ in South Carolina and show their racism when a big black man tests them. Sue Ellen runs into a barn to hide behind some hay bales, and in a terrifyingly realistic moment a big snake hides with her in the hay. <br /> <br /> And in the strangest scene, Sheriff Dean pretends to be raping Patty (Carol Cadby) and asks her to undress. Dean has turned up the radio to drown out the sound of what he's about to do. The preacher on the radio has to go back and read his bible. His preaching is about how Jezebel is saved through the blood of Jesus Christ. I am sorry for the flock of this preacher. Jezebel was in the Old Testament a few thousand years before Christ's birth and by no means is she one of the five people you will meet in Heaven.
