One of the most misunderstood goddesses in my country was again twisted by "Westerners" who can not understand the esoteric symbolism of the Mother Goddess in her dark forms. The mother takes the frightening form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and scare our ego. And although Kali and Durga are given a blood sacrifice, the events depicted in this film are simply absurd. The mother takes on an angry form to be angry with our inner demons, limitations, and our ego when no other form suffices. In her wrathful form, she burns all of your karmas in the "Smashan" fires that you cultivate in your heart so she can continue dancing if you love her, and she will bring you to reality and to the truth. Reality and truth have both a dark side and light that serves a purpose. The mother is also the embodiment of the physical universe, it is nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to keep your balance. They can not have growth and life without death and destruction. Kali represents the destructive power for the purpose of new growth and worldly and spiritual life in the universe. It is very abhorrent to me that people who do not know about India or its divinity simply take one of our beloved goddesses and use it like a cheap prostitute for a cheap, talentless horror movie. How dare you take our beloved mother and portray her as a horror that causes people to cut off their eyelids !? It's just terrible for those who cling to their ego and live in deception, greed, anger and other inner demons. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote this film must have a very serious, self-deceptive ego and serious inner demons to regard Kali as so terrible and terrible. When the ego falls away, it becomes an enchanting, beautiful and young form, a beauty so enchanting that it enchants the entire universe. Kali Maa is an age-old mother who does not bother with entertainment for fun, we just hope she does not take on an angry temper for those involved in this film in her endless compassion and compassion. <br /> <br /> The audacity of the Westerners to use religions like my own or those of the Caribbean Islands, such as Santeria and Vodou, which are actually very positive, and other religions that misrepresent and exaggerate misunderstood elements that the Western spirit does not It is clear that there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe when it comes to these kinds of movements. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa is in fact a caring and compassionate mother, we shed tears in her beautiful feet in devotion and love for her. And I am glad that my mother sometimes takes on an angry form to protect her followers from themselves and from external forces. Many praise to the REAL Kali Maa, who has shown MUCH the way of God and the realization.
