When it comes to ignoring the boring, smoke-free marijuana smoking (which seems compulsory in Australian government-funded films), casting this film provides a fairly credible performance. That's how far it goes. The rest is just awful. The plot is overloaded with "wow" symbolisms that should look good in the movie but go nowhere. A great example is the giant peach finnier, which was obviously left over from a city parade and donated by the local cannery. It was just too tempting to waste something, which was hopefully a free but irrelevant prop! The peach gets a fleeting, inexplicable dishwashing phase at a time, but it ends there. <br /> <br /> Similarly, the fictitious "black spot" sign on which Steph's parents were killed should symbolize the end of their past escape, but what to escape? She had a pretty good business where she was, especially with her visual impairment and the infinite, loving patience and concern for her understanding young guardianship. <br /> <br /> However, the Guinness Prize for Trite Melodrama goes back to the characterization of Alan. Alan successfully strives for the noble role of a union merchant, but "rats" on his colleague by becoming supervisor of a nasty multinational enterprise - Hiss! hiss! As a supervisor Alan performs the villainous work of the boss. He carries out layoffs until, surprisingly, surprisingly, the entire facility is closed and Alan himself remains as a pathetic, unemployed loser. No cliché free zones here, buddy! Not only that, Alan also loses the seductive Steph of the most unlikely relationship you would encounter. If you think that the plot is melodramatic and didactic, do not ask for details. What is the importance of shaving cream on Steph's seductive leg? Why does not the hotel in which the couple loves to conclude that someone illegally gains access to one of the largest bedrooms and that the sheets are regularly polluted along with other pandemics - quite spectacular on one occasion. Put this movie in a nutshell: avoid, avoid, avoid.
