I looked at it directly after seeing HILLSIDE CANNIBALS, so everything would have been an improvement. It also prevents me from comparing ZOMBI 3 with 28 DAYS SPATER and its sequel. The more I looked at it, the more I realized how good Danny Boyle's original was and how much this film influenced 28 WEEK'S LATER. <br /> <br /> You can not help but notice how much the 28 series has dated with this kind of Italian horror movie I was absolutely convinced that ZOMBI 3 should have been made no later than 1980 or 1981. In that case, I would have called my resume 28 YEARS LATER (Geddit?) - but only when I came to this site to find out that it was it appeared in 1988. All production values ​​scream that it was a shard on a low budget the early decade of this decade. I might have enjoyed this movie as a fifteen-year-old student in 1982 as much as my peers, but not now. <br /> <br /> Much of the problem is associated with a lack of internal continuity. For example, some of the zombies mix at a snail's pace, while others can run very fast and have self-confidence, resulting in a ridiculous closing scene with DJ. Likewise, some may be killed by a kick in the face while others stay alive, even if their heads have been chopped off. Wait until you see the refrigerator scene, you could only die laughing. Even the serious characters suffer from this kind of fake, careless scripting, where a character suddenly reveals he is a helicopter pilot, which makes me wonder why the army has been busy driving Jeeps for a career. <br /> reminded of the former movie THE CRAZIES, which also reminded me of the later 28 films. A bunch of terrorists are breaking into the scientific base, leading to a kind of catastrophe, with the military being the bad guys trying to kill both the infected and the survivors, and long before the end, you found out that basically everyone dies. The problem with this is that you are immediately reminded of how the British franchise has done so much better with a bigger budget. Not only that, but the 28 franchise will appeal to a thinking audience that cares little for the average horror movie. ZOMBI 3 will only appeal to a hardcore splatter audience
