In 1979 Lucio Fulci released his film Zombi. However, due to the earlier import of George Romero's "Dawn of the Dead", known for his Italian release under that name, it was renamed "Zombi 2". (That also had the advantage of making the audience believe that this was a continuation of the film's second Romero movie). In continuation of this theme, the second zombie movie, which would have been referred to as Zombi 2, consistently referred to as Zombi 3. In the UK, the original Zombi movie (ie Zombi 2) was called "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue this theme, the second zombie movie (Zombi 3) ​​was then called "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for its release in the UK. (Are you following all this?) So if Zombie Meateater was Fulci's Dawn, then 2 is his Day of the Dead? While this is just a funky observation, this story of military connections, helicopters, and a dizzying narrative has a vague thematic similarity. <br /> <br /> Some of Fulcis' European side force in a movie like this, but the acting, dubbing and exposure-laden screenplays are absolutely gruesome. His ecological message is so forced and exaggerated that it can no longer be considered a subtext while there is an (unwanted) funny Birds homage. Combining this last element with MOR 80s rock is not a good idea. For some reason, I could not stop thinking about the time of the apes (vw) while watching all this. This is obviously not a good thing. <br /> <br /> While there is nothing here that can rival the topless diving, shark fighting with zombies and eyeballs with a splinter, Fulci's misogynistic inclination swirls into a mirror with the mouth of a hotel cleaner there is blood gushing. His fondness for Fannish Gore also see a hand separation. Both themes are combined when a woman's face is first torn off by a zombie, then by a zombie fetus that tears from the belly of a pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> From a production point of view, this is obviously a step up from Zombi, five years later. (Nine years in worldwide release conditions). But without the unobtrusive charm of the original it fights, while the music of Stefano Mainetti is inappropriate and uninspired. Fabio Frizzi's score was one of the best things in '79's movie. Here are zombie attacks played, which sound in an unpleasant way as Bonnie Tyler's "Holding Out For A Hero". In the midst of this carnage, we get an annoying love interest, and Roger and Kenny, two bland machos doing everything with acrobatic urgency and constantly expressing the obvious. ("We no longer have ammunition" is a special weapon). But where it falls, lies in the zombies. Unobtrusive or not, Fulci's original had really great, rotting zombies. Skull faces, worms in eye sockets ... they were really something to see. In contrast, this boring follow-up decides for the more traditional "men with some color on the face". <br /> <br /> The climax rips off too many Romero films, to even be funny, while using the DJ is a blatant and cheap narrative device. Since it does not contain the same elements of indignation and unfounded nudity of the first, it is unlikely that this has the same cult appeal. <br /> <br /> It turned out that Fulci had actually left the project after allegedly having only directed for a quarter of an hour. The rest was filmed by Bruno Mattei. I'm pretty sure even Fulci would have bothered with the ridiculous "flying zombie head" scene and owe the credit to the director that he had the common sense to go. Unfortunately, it's his name that's above the movie title in the releases. The majority of people will feel that this is a Fulci movie. On this scale, that's a big setback for him, because this film does what Fulci would call the worst crime of all: boredom.
