Zombi 3 starts with a group of heavily armed men stealing an experimental chemical designed to revive the dead while trying to escape the man being shot at and the metal container containing the chemical , is broken. The man gets some of the green chemical on a wound on his hand, which soon turns him into a carnivorous cannibalism zombie. Within hours, the area crawls with the meat to the east and seeks new victims. Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his buddies find themselves in great trouble when they help Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her friend Lia (Deborah Bergammi), who was picked by zombie birds (!). General Morton is responsible for the situation and must prevent the zombie disease spreading throughout the world! But will he and his men succeed? <br /> <br /> Produced in Italy, this film was directed by Italian zombie-gore author Lucio Fulci, but the story goes that he suffered a stroke and therefore could not finish the film. Franco Gaudenzi asked for the second Director Bruno Mattei and the writer Claudio Fragasso to complete the film. Apparently, Mattei & Fragasso not only made the end, but they have actually left much of the material that shot Fulci, and added their own material. Zombi 3 almost became a 50/50 split. The script of Fragasso is an absolute mess, none of it is thoughtful and as stupid as it gets. The scenes in which zombie birds attack humans are not only technically incompetent, but the whole idea is simply absurd. The zombies themselves have no consequence, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge, and the zombies are slow as they mingle, but then look at the scene she had previously heard of the zombie As with the steroids, the zombies do not develop a reasonable explanation about ten minutes before the end of the movie. With Zombi 3, so much is wrong, scene by scene, from awfully thought-out and inappropriate actions, terrible characters, and really boring, broken English dialogues that make no sense half of the time. Then there's the embarrassing scene where the zombie head in the fridge suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite the nape, the scene in which the guy in white pollution suits wants to kill Kenny & Roger instead Use it Automatic rifles choose to try and kill them by hand. Even if Kenny himself picks up a weapon, they still refuse to use their rifles. When Kenny starts shooting them all, they still refuse to use their rifles, scenes that have ever been shot, and then the end of Kenny's helicopter lift, but not literally laying him on the ground for a few seconds can pick up his buddy, and suddenly, under a bunch of zombies emerge from grass, eh? Since when did zombies hide alone under blades of grass? That may sound like "fun," but believe me, it's not, it's a really bad movie that's just boring and repetitive and does not function as an entertainment program at all, except for a few unintentional laughs. <br /> <It's hard to know who exactly was responsible for what, but none of the recordings are particularly well received. It has a mild, lifeless feeling and for some reason the makers have tried to turn every scene into fog. The problem is that they clearly had only one fog machine. You can see that the fog is noticeably thicker at one corner of the screen. It comes straight out of the machine and gets thinner as it spreads across the scene. Since many of them are set during the day, this adds no atmosphere. If they do it right and the fog is evenly spread across the screen, it looks like they are taking pictures of the scene on a foggy day! The direction is bad without consistency and it looks & feels down. Even blood and blood are not too much, there is a bloody hand separating at the beginning, a scene in which something tore from the belly of a pregnant woman, a woman without legs (which actually took off her legs in the pool) did not it take the legs of the guy who saved them?) & some OK zombies are as bloody as they can get. Anyone hoping to see a gore festival that Fulci regularly served in the late 70's and early 80's will be very disappointed. There are no decent feed scenes, no guts, no head shots and little gore at all. Technically, the movie is bad, the special effects look cheap, the cinematography is boring, the music is awful, the locations are boring and they have a low of production values. This was actually filmed in the Philippines to keep costs to a minimum. The entire film is obviously dubbed, acting is still terrible, and the English version seems to have been written by someone who does not understand the language so well. Classic zombie gore fest Zombi 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with it , apart from the title of the deposit. I'm sorry, but Zombi 3 is a capricious mess of a movie. It's boring, does not make sense, it's not funny enough to be entertaining and lacks proper gore. One to avoid.
