Where should I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie and did it too. Still, I wanted to be able to enjoy it because I was another zombie movie worthy of my loot and it was not. This was a different kind of enjoyment. That was unhealthy, a perverse joy I saw one of the most ridiculous movies I've ever seen. And whatever Fulci's excuses were, I do not care, there was no excuse that this movie was going the way it was. This was a bad movie, but I still can not put it under 4 out of 10 of what I gave it, because well ... at least I could laugh at that jerk of a movie. <br /> I had to imagine those zombies that were everywhere in the ceilings of these buildings ... I had to imagine that they were either bored, so they crawled on the beems and squatted high stone erections, or they saw the fleshy, lively, shaky group of wankers, and so they took it upon themselves to stage numerous air strikes. What else is there to do when you are dead? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh at some zombies that looked like they were martial arts swings, kicks and jumps and some like traditional meat lovers. I looked at a floating head that was never explained. I saw in terrible bliss how the land they were in, the Phillipenen, was completely engulfed in fog and heavy fog and that the ponds looked like they were seething moats. I even had to flinch when I saw that the design for a cure for this plague was displayed on a blackboard as an octagon with lines that stretched out from every angle and stood in the middle of "Dead One". I had to ask myself ... If the science of healing zombies is so easy, I wonder if I could come up with a bit to start a zombie outbreak here! <br /> <br /> All in all the effects were overboard, the dubbing was terrible, I was sure that the original was poor, the story was absurd, the zombies were contradictory, even in a bad way and Way that they all could be similar, and the women were ugly, but I liked this thing. It was a funny clock. It was a very bad movie, and I would only recommend this thing if you focus on bad directorial commercials, but still I say again ... it was well worth the laugh. I'm longing for zombie movies, but if that name was associated with Fulci's name, it should have been a lot better. Let me say, zombie holocaust was better.
