I'm an avid fan of Lucio Fulci, and yet I have to say that "Zombi 3" (aka "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2") from 1988, which he did with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, has one Disappointment was. Especially compared to his great predecessor, Fulcis Gore classic "Zombi 2" (aka "Zombie Rock Eaters" / "Zombie") from 1979, this is extremely disappointing. Sure, the low rating of 4.5 already suggests that this is not a good movie, but these low ratings are usually coming from people who are not familiar with Italian zombie movies, and as an avid fan of Italian horror movies and low-profile movies. Budget Exploitation Cinema I love it many movies that were rewarded only with much lower ratings. In addition, many of my Italian horror friends seem to see this movie as undervalued, which unfortunately I can not agree with. Not that the movie was a complete disaster. It has some redeeming qualities, especially Fulci's foul-smelling Gore effects, which are always a treat for an Italian horror / gore buff. The basic idea behind the movie is not bad either (though anything but the original) and I liked the ruthless portrayal of the military. Sadly it's about it. While the great predecessor "Zombi 2" was extremely bloody, but also really scary, it's not scary or scary for a minute, and the foul-smelling and often grotesque Gore is the only real reason to see "Zombi 3". The film is sometimes fun, but only for the bubble and as an unwanted comedy. I appreciate that it was mainly the grief that came from Fulci and the disappointing break from Mattei and Fragasso, the first part of which was involved in a series of evil cult acts (like D'Amato's "Porn Holocaust"). and the second of them is responsible for one of the worst films ever made, the God-fearing "Troll 2". All in all, this is definitely going to be for the Gore, but of all the Fulci films I've seen so far, this is definitely the worst, and I've seen the majority of this great filmmaker's repertoire. I'm a Fulci fan and always will be, but that's not his magic moment. It may be fun, but I recommend before any other Fulci movie!
