I've seen this movie twice now and I have to say I enjoyed it both times. It's fast and fun, but ultimately stupid. Nevertheless, it deserves to be disposed of because of the plague, which could have been a good follow-up to the groundbreaking original. For those who have seen the terrible "Zombie Creeping Flesh", it is clear that the massive shortcomings of the films are due to Bruno Mattei and that the little that is praiseworthy is due to Fulci. This is no idle fulci-sycophantism, the director style styles are all strongly contrasted and you can say who judged what, especially in Mattei's case. As a scientist's secrecy, his secrecy is apparently more remarkable than his potentially apocalyptic effect on humanity somewhere in Southeast Asia , The virus causes zombie-like behavior in those affected, and the virus spreads quickly in a seemingly arbitrary area. Our protagonists unknowingly move into the danger zone and have to fight for their lives against hordes of infected Asians. <br /> <br /> The movie seems to be halfway between a zombie-gore streak and a back-and-forth action-adventure, and this confusion is most clearly captured by the zombies themselves. They do not seem to have a set of properties that are common to all. Some are from the usual soulless sorting that was so well reproduced in the original, and probably Fulci's creation here. The other main group are those who have lost all sense of self when infected with the virus, but a savage aggression and desire for a black belt in Ninjitsu engulfed their brothers in a seemingly mass feast for their hapless victims. Martial arts skills are not their only talents, they have guerilla tactics, they hide on rafters and hay bales, and sometimes inexplicably fall out of nowhere, except for the sky itself. This is definitely the work of Mattei. <br /> <br /> There is a third, more talkative zombie variant. This guy also seems to have a sense of irony: "I'm really thirsty ... FOR YOUR BLOOD." The ridiculous turn at the end, in which the DJ becomes a zombie, but continues to be preached about the fate of humanity, serves only to amplify the WTF factor and neglect any hope of a serious solution. There is the infamous zombie head, the slowly drifting through the air, a jocular skeletal grin running across his face as if to say, "Yeah, we know how bad that looks." The characters are all absolutely one dimensions as you would expect. But it's the pseudo-comic dialogue and synchronization that really keeps us from taking their plight seriously. However, the first soldier who dies says an impressive bravery against an unstoppable zombie threat. In fact, this is the first and perhaps only time that we meet real zombie agro, and one of the only effective scenes in the movie. The guy who has played the chief scientist has a heart, but no talent, who uses pauses in his lines completely arbitrarily, so that in the end he sounds like a confused asthmatic. The scientists' attempts to find an antidote are absolutely unconvincing: "Now let's put these two molecules together!" <br /> <br /> There are some moments that turn out to be really effective. In an early scene, a protagonist explores an abandoned garage. As we enter a room, we see the blurred view of a moving figure in the corner and a writhing mass on the floor, all of which are captured in a diffused light of the atmosphere. The silence is interrupted by the appearance of a fast machete with a zombie, who in his alarming desperation to have her, makes everything that is behind him disappear. His sheer aggressiveness is one of the few moments of real horror in the movie. The before-and-after theme conveyed by the hotel, which hosts the events of the earliest phase of the eruption and later serves as a sanctuary for our protagonists, is filled with a dense, humid atmosphere. There is a scene in which one of the soldiers carefully approaches a boarded-up room that is clearly harboring hordes of undead, and this is quite tense. Things get more dramatic when they get into the hotel without knowing what's up. But that's sloppy and not nearly as effective as it could have been. All in all, I would say that this movie has almost deserved to be called the royal failure of a potentially potent tropical zombie festival, and not just a thoroughly bad movie. If not otherwise, there are many unintentional laughter that I would expect from almost every Italian and Gory from the eighties.
