I can not remain indifferent to the films of Lars van Trier. I think Breaking the Waves is nothing short of a masterpiece. I loved 'dancer in the night'. I admired the idea in 'Dogville', but the whole exercise looked too dry and too theatrical for me, less cinema. "Europe," which I see only now, was a famous movie in its own day, succeeded in the US in the relative success of a European film and received the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film, but in my opinion did not survive well. It's also too explicit and extroverted exercise in cinematography to my liking. <br /> <br /> The story has a vagueness that the viewer can not miss. The time that followed immediately after World War II was not dealt with in the black and white colors of victors and defeated, by executioners and victims, but as a rather ambiguous time, in which people on both sides responded after a catastrophic event affecting the situation Changed to fight for survival The lives of nations and individuals is still a source of disputes, even two decades ago. However, they are the means of expression that really do not seem suitable for the task. <br /> <br /> The film seems to contain many quotes that stem directly from the films of Hitchcock, notably his early films, which play in the pre-film version - War Europe, with brave British spies who are broadly German Cross continent at dark. The trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and their dramatism. Here, too, the train becomes the symbol of the first appearance of the rebirth of Germany after the war, of its power, of its obsession with order and regulation, of punctuality and courtesy. The characters who populate the train are far from being the good or bad guys of the classic spy stories. The protagonist of a young American of German origin who came to post-war Europe ready to take part in a process of aid and reconciliation is in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators more like oppressive occupiers and defeated ones but their fate is more willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with love undoubtedly mingled with betrayal. <br /> <br /> It's this classic movie treatment that reveals the director in this case. The actions of the characters, especially by Leopold Kessler, played by Jean-Marc Barr, seem confused and unbelievable. The overall cinematography does not seem to be Hitchcock-like, but rather a bad imitation of Hitchcock in the late 1930's. Also, the use of color over the black and white film, which is mostly used in emotional intensity, is too demonstrative. It's not that Van Trier does not master his artistic resources, but he's too demonstrative, he seems to be trying too hard to show what a great filmmaker he is. He's really great, as he'll show in some of his later films, but it's up to the viewer to decide that alone.
