... but I expected better from Caroline Munro. She made some good films, and I was hoping that would be just as good. In fact, she and that other blond girl figure (the girl who I think had been electrocuted) were the only two of the 8-11 actors who could act. This movie has the worst thing I've ever seen. almost as bad as "Psycho" (1998). The really stupid part was when the woman stood in the shower and Marty manipulated it to pour in battery acid. She starts screaming and her scream is probably the most annoying sound in the world. She tries to come out, but "accidentally" falls in again. I have to admit that violence and history are good, along with Harry Manfredini's music, but acting could have been a lot better. There were two more characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they have a strange resemblance to Dan Akyroyd. Even if they find the woman's fried corpse in the bathtub, you would think she was screaming and barfing. No, only Caroline Munro and the blond woman react. Frank and Joe show little signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know if I saw a fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I would puke. When Joe started saying "what happened to Marty was an accident, it was not our fault". He says it is nervous or anxious, but hardly shows facial expressions. then the blonde girl starts to cry and says "I'm scared, Frank!". and she grabs Joe. I think the actress really did not know which guy was which. The end of the movie is the most confusing thing I've ever seen. more confusing than the culmination of "Pine: Revenge". All eight friends are dead, Marty kills them all, but then you see something that looks like he's been chased by their rotten corpses, and then it's just in the hospital from the accident and then, when the movie runs out in the end disguises itself Marty as a nurse trying to sedate him, but then we see that Marty has gotten stuck in her clothes or something similar kills a doctor, and the movie ends with Marty pulling skin off of his face. which leads me to this next question. WHAT WAS THE WRITER WHEN HE SET UP WITH THIS COMPETITION?!?!?!?! Did he really expect people to understand what the hell happened? the end has made me so confused. Were the figures still alive? Does Marty still hold a grudge? Are not the events that we have just seen, not or not at all? I dont know. Overall, this movie was pretty stupid. The acting was shitty, the music was okay, the story was pretty decent (apart from the end). Basically, this is just one of your average 80s Slasher movies. See it only for Harry Manfredini and Caroline Munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the release of the film of willful drug abuse. I think he was the only person who knew this movie was real. A Pile of SH **
