The movie begins with a flashback to Doddsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students play a joke on Marty. If they are punished for the said prank, they will follow with a major prank that goes ridiculously wrong (as in Slasher movies containing pranks on class nerds) and Marty is simultaneously burned and disfigured by acid to be thorough. Fast forward of five years, when members of the student body meet at the now abandoned high school for their five-year class reunion. We find out that it is no coincidence that all members of the reunion were part of the clique of flashback scene rascals, as all participants are being followed and killed by a mysterious, masked murderer in increasingly complicated and absent-minded fashion. Sherlock Holmes does not need to solve the mystery of the murderer's identity, as it turns out that it is none other than a scarred Marty, who apparently used his nerd-rage and high intellect to the laws of physics and engineering to bow Rig the school for his revenge scenario. The film revolves around the bizarre while Marty avenges his former tormentors only to be hounded by their ghosts. Marty is finally pushed over the edge and takes his own life. Eventually, the film explodes in a crescendo of incoherent craziness as the whole revenge scenario turns out to be a dream at all, as Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, freeing himself from his shackles, stabbing a nurse and finally disfiguring his own face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from an end to the horror film logic. The only originality comes from the confusing ways in which the victims are sent. The absurd it-was-all-a-dream-ending feels pinned. It's almost as if somebody has pointed out the disconnected nature of the film and the author decided back then and there that it was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is horrible. Some scenes were shot so dark that I had to stop the movie and play with the color on my TV. Acting is below average even for Slasher films. I do not think casting was part of the problem as all the actors look at least five years older than the characters they portray, making the flashback scene unintentionally ridiculous. Their lack of commitment to the film becomes apparent as half of them do not bother to keep their accents through the film. <br /> <br /> All this is said: If you like bad horror movies, you might like this one too. It's not the worst movie in the genre, but it's far from the best.
