What did I hate about Domino and everything else meant? Perhaps it was the general glory of being a bounty hunter; Maybe it was sexism that turned out to be a drastic and interesting study of a tough female protagonist; Maybe it was the film's sheer look with its bizarre yellow glow and distorted blues or the way an actress like Lucy Lui gets there; Who deserves much better than this garbage; and if she sits there in one place in the room, the light can not be directly struck with the same dumb look on her face. Maybe it's the editing. this terrible rapid introduction and the way in which lines of dialogue echo, as voiced by people like Kiera Knightly. If you buy as a bounty hunter you will probably believe that the world is going down in 2012. <br /> <br /> No one comes away with any credibility from Domino, absolutely nobody. It's a painful and misguided experience, inspired by things like Natural Born Killers, that gives ideas to audiences that are not there for them. The main question is, "Was Domino a kind of comedy?" With her weirdly bad track, which expresses certain lines that desperately give the impression that she seems "hard", but rather resembles an arrogant fifteen-year-old girl on her first day in public school, trying to impress her peers. There are things you really do not know how to react to, whether they should be funny or not. If it's a comedy, the next question is, "Is the life of a bounty hunter really the sort worth exploiting for laughter?" I do not think so. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with the title card "Based on a true story ... somehow." If this is a kind of postmodernist technique that allows director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate the history of Domino Harvey for his own purpose, you are simply on another planet. The truth is that in an opening quote, the film identifies the object and the original text before it is completely stopped and "somehow" said, which presumably allows them to make Domino older than it should and points to Jerry Springer , We then learn about Domino's relationship with her father, who died in the film at the age of ten. This is the first assignment of the "policeman" since she was only four years old in real life. However, if the film had passed beyond the dates of reality, all its impetus would have been born of the death of its goldfish. <br /> <br /> We are then put into action with Ed Mosbey (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) himself and would-be interested in Choco (Ramírez). During the scene, an American mother is held captive by rifle fire in her own caravan at the end of nowhere, while she asks that her son's life be saved. What a misleading opening; She presents her three tracks as unpleasant people breaking into trailers, firing weapons at innocents of whom we know nothing, and approaching the shooting of her lap dogs, a sense of 'No, why are you doing this? Why is this happening? ' Bad seeds are planted and if they do not know, they stick. The film is painful to look at, even agonizing; These three make their way through the play with supporting performances by actors known for playing characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here is another stupid postmodernist bias: Humans play themselves and this "kind" Joker card is played again. Christopher Walken even appears in a really stupid role, which smells like Robert Downey Jr.'s Natural Born Killers character. <br /> <br /> As the movie passes by and Domino is being played in Ed and Choco's gang, purely for good reason I could add it appears in the midst of the conspiracy related to fake driver registration IDs or something that Choco and Domino could have feelings for each other. The problem is how each actor performs so bad work in his or her character; there is no chemistry and no feeling between the two; The movie is not a love story, so why go this way at all? Does anyone care about these two characters in the midst of all the fast editing and blowing things up? When there is a 'feeling' between Choco and Domino, it exists on such a tiny, minimalist scale that one has to wonder why it is contained at all. <br /> <br /> So the movie feels the need to turn things narrative. We find out the reason for the fake IDs associated with someone else and a man talking on a cell phone in a soundproofing bubble. The soundproofing bubble, I can believe, but how does he ever bring his phone under water and into the bubble, without it being flooded? He must have swum really fast? doubles the speed of fasting the movie, which is around 0.01 seconds. Yes sure. The story of the movie becomes both too complicated and just arbitrary, before reaching for a really stupid climax in which more material blows up. There's also a really nasty scene with a wall map full of new ethnicities, and the movie comedy is so dry that it turns on "Jerry, Jerry!" Must fall back. Chants while people are on a popular American talk show. When did we last hear about "Jerry! Jerry!" Laugh? For example, when we were seven years old? I was sad and depressed about the existence of such a movie.
