Tony Scott has never been a very good director, but every movie he made after "Crimson Tide" seems to take him one step closer than the undoubtedly worst working one today (Michael Bay might fall into the same category, but at least stupid , delusional epics talk on an originally perverse plane). And like other exaggerated Hollywood biopics ("De-Lovely" and "Confessions of Dangerous Mind"), for example, that record the lives of overbearing, overvalued, or even superficial ciphers that give them a "mystical" aura of a society that's on the planet The world thrives, juicy details are given behind the scenes: "Domino" is a film that starts with little potential and bursts before the sixty-minute mark in infinitely small extent. With an already expansive running time of 128 minutes, the film feels twice as long, and he spends time with such rude superficial and memorable characters (as opposed to the superior "Rules of Attraction") Scott attempts to iron out the procedure with Domino's smuggling to influence. Self-aware-rich-girl-voice-over only draws attention to the film's ignorance) becomes an act that only masochists would find pleasing. The history? Domino Harvey (Keira Knightley, in such a cute appearance as she looks so great) has fed up with the superficial lifestyle of the rich and famous in Los Angeles to learn a more exciting profession; On the way there are double crosses, shootings, media attention (courtesy of Christopher Walken, phone calls in his trademark "sleazebag") and ridiculous references to romance. Scott cuts the film into segments that rarely last longer than a few seconds and accelerates the release to make the movie a neo-nightmare that is frankly uncomfortable - if Scott has given the opportunity to shake a picture frame, or distort it in any way, he becomes; But all this sticky style overloading overwhelms what a small plot, characterization and suspense the movie has (not to mention its "entertainment value"). Most of the characters are either contemptuous or stereotypical, often both (note the intolerable, multi-minute segment in which an African-American introduces a new list of racial rankings to "Jerry Springer"), and I wish they all would. Get this "Tail" of the coin of our protagonist to the end. "Domino" is absolutely unspoiled garbage - whatever the interest in this person that Scott hoped to thrill in his audience, he loses himself in a sea of ​​migraine that causes neon arrogance for a few minutes.
