I do not know if these films are more the fault of Direction or Script. As you will see in many reviews, the editing style is exaggerated. It's totally distracting and devoid of substance, which could be a good thing if you look at a few quotes from the movie. I do not write many reviews here, but I found the movie so horrible that it earned a comment. Films like these erode as an art form in movie making. Films like this show more and more clearly that the current reality focus in the cinema reveals the quality of the underlying characters. People do crafts there, there 5 senses and business sense - with a view of their own inner life. But I do not blame them, it is more and more the unfortunate condition of this age, which is qualified by films like these. But by substituting these manufacturers, I would not dare to convince the artists that they stand out for lack of inner life or recklessness - and pass this on to everyone. A story of bounty hunters, gun guns, and more pistols, with hard hands and intercourse - for the oh-so-popular actress (did they write the lap dance scene after signing them?) Linear charts. All different and yet the same. Annoying, overwhelming music that pushes the feeling down your throat. A story? a development of the character? or just withheld, missing information that was revealed in the end to create the * effect * of a story - as if one had occurred. All in all, he lacks something remotely reminiscent of subtlety. It's a caricature of stereotypes and genres. Where are the films with awareness? What about the fineness of sound and music that you do not even know is there? What about the depth of a look? What about editing with a point about mind and consciousness? yes synonymous in action movies that can happen. Surely they have honed a craft; But what good is it without soul and wisdom? Insight into the human condition? Can the people who comment and say that this is a culmination of art or compare it to Picasso and others - I say this alongside Gandhi or the Godfather, even the original trilogy of Star Wars or the Lord of the Rings; then look into my face and say it again. It's a good crew, but they need some help with depth and history. I hope they get it because I like the previous work of the crew. Good luck next time.
