This was another obscure Christmas title, a low-priced Mexican production by the exploit-film maker Cardona (NIGHT OF THE BLOODY APES [1969], TINTORERA! How many genre efforts from this country? was acquired by K. Gordon Murray for publication in the USA. Measured by these two efforts, Cardona was not a visionary. and this one, who already got his share of Flak here, is certainly not better! In fact, the film is pretty much the strangeness that characterized Mexican horror outings from that era, very fragrant, but due to the harsh color (which, given the prominence of the reds - apart from St. Nick himself - has given an extra dimension to the devil plays an important role in the whole process, was essential). In short, the plot involves Satan's efforts to stop Santa Claus Christmas Eve with the children of Earth; But there are many more crazy people along the way: First of all, our swift, white-bearded and chronically cheerful red man lives in a heavenly palace, which, in addition to toy children from all over the world, accompanies children with their piano, as they (laboriously for the entire first role! ) sing in their native language, does Merlin visit ?? the famous sorcerer at the court of King Arthur, confusing here but oddly prone to childish hopping and mumbling of gibberish! ?? once a year to acquire potions that make the youngster drowsy and invisible (by the way, the wizard's anachronistic presence is no less unlikely than being a cohort of Dr. Frankenstein in SON OF DRACULA); Incidentally, he seems to have gained some weight at the time, so Santa Claus has to train to fit into any proverbial chimney! The devil's antics (enthusiastically rubbing his hands together and turning each one up each and every turn) to sustain St. Nicks's delivery program is absolutely lying: indeed, their creamy-white Shenanigans are more like an old Laurel & Hardy routine as everything! To make up for the running time, we focus on three groups of children: One is the lonely son of a rich couple who wants nothing more than his companionship at Christmas (planned as a wish fulfillment fantasy in which the boy wrapped his parents finds extra large packages!), a girl from a poor family who wants her own doll (the horned one first makes her steal one, then invades the little one's dreams) and a trio of brats that are inspired by Satan again, think of nothing other than mischief and finally fall out among themselves. Imagination is definitely at work here, but it is applied with little rhyme or reason, while the approach to teenagers provides entertainment (unless one counts the movie as a bad pleasure).
