This Christmas movie starts out weird and I think Santa Claus could be a pedo. Instead of the usual elf toy makers, this Santa Claus has apparently kidnapped children from all over the world and sings a bit like figures from "It's A Small World"! I suspect there are no child labor laws on the strange astral plane he lives on (apparently it is NOT the North Pole and not on Earth) !! None of these kids seem to be very happy, and I've always wanted to see commands break in and save the Tykes, though I think for some of the Third World kids, these working conditions may have been an improvement on the local sweatshirts. I really hope they just sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> Then the scene changes abruptly to hell, where many demons dance like in a Busby Berkeley musical. This fun is stopped by Satan, who instructs one of them, Pitch, to go down to earth to ruin Christmas !! I personally thought that this movie has already done that! The devil and his goblins are really cute - like Hot Stuff from the Harvey comics, but with cool bad goats! Or, if you're a Puerto Rican, like a vejigante mask with a goatee! <br /> <br /> Somehow, a poor Mexican kid named Lupita, a group of jerky kids who want to raid Santa and a rich kid, is an important battleground for the devil and Santa !! So if the Prince of Darkness (not Donald Trump, the OTHER Prince of Darkness) somehow steals them and makes them bad, he will 'win' - which, we do not really know! When you root them, you actually get the impression that the filmmakers are planning on having Santa as Jesus - because he has all these great powers AND fights the devils for the souls of the children! Later, Santa Claus meets with his friend Merlin. He asks him to make of him a special powder that makes people dream beautiful dreams. Considering how much Santa laughs in the movie (like a crazy chipmunk chip), I suppose he has to use this drug MUCH! He immediately goes to a blacksmith who turns him into a magic key that opens ALL the doors. Considering that he holds children as his personal assistants, this magical key thing worries me immensely! During Christmas Eve in Christmas, you can see that Lupita behaves like a little angel - there is a problem. Santa now takes the time to look after the rich kid whose parents are selfish idiots. He gives them a crazy cocktail that magically solves their problems - two solved problems. This is a rare case where alcohol / drugs help children and solve problems! And as for the little Muggers, he gives them coal! Frustrated with his losses to Santa, Pitch tries to steal the sled (pulled by creepy animatronic deer). If that fails, it destroys Santas magic powder! Therefore, Santa Claus can not become invisible to avoid dogs, and he is repressed. Uh, oh ... how can Santa make a detour to the Betty Ford Clinic when he puts a tree ?! Will St. Nick come down from the tree and get the monkey off his back or will the devils win? If you are interested, listen and see. Be warned, though, that the movie is crazy! <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is good-natured. While it's in color, it's really gaudy. The music is mostly played on an organ - which, together with the children's bad vocals, is perhaps the worst soundtrack I've heard lately. And the story is simply incomprehensible and very, very, very scary. Devil and a Santa Claus kidnapping children is just stealthy. It's a movie you NEVER want to show kids, but it makes a great movie that you can watch with friends so you can laugh from start to finish!
