This must be the scariest, most twisted holiday movie I've ever hit in the eye, and that says something. I know that the Mexican people have some strange ideas about religion, mixing the old Aztec beliefs with traditional Christian theology. But the Day of the Dead is not half as scary as her attitude to Santa Claus. So..Santa is not some funny, fat red alcoholic (look at those rosy cheeks.) at some point!). He's more of a lean sociopathic pedophile living in heaven (or heaven, wherever), with a group of children working harder than those in Kathy Lee Gifford's sweat shops. They sing oh-so-cute traditional songs from their homeland while wearing clothes so stereotypical that I was surprised that there was not a little black-faced African-American boy singing 'Mammy'. This Santa Claus is a peeper of Peeping Tom, who watches and hears what each of his "Eye in the Sky" does. That way, he can tell who was naughty or nice (with a focus on those who are naughty, I would bet). <br /> <br /> There is no Mrs. Claus, no elves (why does he need elves?) if he has child labor?) and the reindeer are mechanical wind up toys! This floating freak show floats on a cloud, which is probably stopped by her silver food. <br/> <br /> Santas Nemesis is ... the devil ?! What is this, Santa, our Lord and Savior? Strange. Anyway, Satan sends one of his henchmen, a tiny, prancing devil named Pitch, to mess up Christmas. Let me make that clear - the forces of the purest evil are trying to ruin a completely commercial and greedy holiday? Seems to be superfluous, right? Pitch is completely ineffective. He tries to make some kids feel bad, but he does not have much luck. The story of the little girl Lupe, whose family is very poor, impressed me a lot. All she wants is a doll at Christmas, but his parents can not afford to buy them (they spend all their money on the box they used to build their house from). Pitch tries to encourage her to steal a doll. In reality, this is the only way a girl who is poor ever gets a doll, because it is not really good to be holy and to pray to God and to Santa Claus. But Lupe resists the temptation and asks Pitch to leave you behind, and it's rewarded to get a doll that looks so scary you just know it's Chucky's sister. Along the way, Pitch manages to get Santa Claus stuck in a tree (uh-huh) from where he was rescued by Merlin! Merlin You're kidding! Since when do mythical druid figures appear in Christmas tales or do they have something to do with a Christian religion? And does not God disapprove of the magic? They burned Merlin at the stake a few hundred years ago and did not ask him to save any of the aspects of God (or I suppose Santa Claus must be against Satan). This movie is a long HUH? From start to finish, and you'll wonder if the eggnog you drank was not spiked. It was probably because this movie is like a long DT giant.
