Whether you're looking at the regular version of this monstrosity or the MST3K version, you can only be impressed by the GALL who went into that production. The filmmakers insult the viewer's intelligence from one end to the other, and it obviously does not matter that they do. <br /> <br /> Everything is extremely cheap. Even the 50s car in the Flashback sequence from this period looks like it was pulled out of a junkyard. <br /> <br /> The "hobgoblins" are, as you probably know, using poorly hand-made hand puppets "realizing" plush toys; If a person is to be attacked by them, it is clear that the toy is held by the victim to his own body. When the animals move away from the two guards, this is shown (or rather not shown) by the camera, which is aimed at the guards as they look down and turn their heads as if they were watching the hobgoblins attacking rush past them. It's reminiscent of the scene in the film "Tangents," in which two people stand in the ruins of a future world and overlook the wreck, and we have not shown any of it. Budget constraints with total incompetence generally mean that you will not show anything valuable. So why try? The "sets" were absolutely ridiculous. "Club Scum" was an obvious restaurant; The house seems to have been a vacant house - probably for rent or for sale - that the production company owned for an hour or two. The "spaceship" is something that I was ashamed of when I was 10 years old. <br /> <br /> The motivations of the characters make no sense - Kevin is vilified by a worthless initiate to a friend for not making her "proud of him". I'm sure this was meant to make her reconciliation so touching in the end, but any guy with true self-esteem would have told her to go to hell and leave her. Nick has reportedly returned from 2 months of army training (yeah, nice regulator haircut, Nick,) and seems to prove that our country is being defended by sadistic, moronic animals that are sex maniacs. Kyle is a phone sex freak in red shorts who dreams of a night with a spandex dominatrix, but he's so moved that he's more gay than not. One of the girls is a dupe and the other is a dead end. <br /> <br /> And the hobgoblins? In the end, they all return to the vault where they have been living for 30 years. Why? Who knows? Who cares? Watch this movie and marvel at how primitive filming can be in our modern age, if you have an idiotic script, an incompetent director, actors so bad that they are rejected by a high school drama production , and Edward's worthy stages D. Wood, Jr.
