This rip-off of the 1984 hit "Gremlin" is probably the biggest train accident of a film ever made. Even for a "B" movie, all the other cheap horror films on the same platform totally overshadow this film in terms of plot, acting, and goodness. It starts with a random old guard and the younger punky guard whose name has no meaning. Why? Because he goes into the "forbidden" safe a few minutes after the movie, he is killed while living his fantasy of being a rock star in a cheap pub. <br /> <br /> This is just a taste of the scat-filled main course The main character KEVIN fights several times to prove himself more than a pussy. Maybe he succeeds within the film, but he proves to the audience as nothing more than a bad actor. Kevin gets a job with the old security guard and is guided by his shift in security in the abandoned studio lot (waiting for her). Yes, why make a set if you can use the studio yourself? Back to the movie. Kevin somehow opens the forbidden safe and releases the hobgoblins. The hobgoblins force people to live out their wildest fantasies and kill them for some reason. They have to be returned before sunrise or else ... or what else? Exactly. <br /> <br /> Other characters include Kevins' macho army friend NICK, Nick 'wife' DAPHNE, whose character has no more substance than a slutty attitude and prostitute-worthy outfits. There's Kevin's manipulative and "reserved" girlfriend AMY, whose deepest wish is to portray Cher look-like with fishnets and blue granny briefs. Do not ask me how it works. Maybe KYLE is the most entertaining character of all. How such groups of friends are made is questionable. Kyle is a perverted guy who can not go an hour without self-stimulation. His hobbies include calling sex chat lines from other people's homes, and most likely snooping underwear. For some reason, do not try further than the neighborhood boundary. Each of the characters eventually lives out their wildest fantasy, never having to deal with millions of dollars ... or on a big budget. <br /> <br /> WARNING SPOILERS AHEAD: The turn at the end of In this movie, the viewer will ask, "What?". The hobgoblins are returned to the safe of their own volition. Maybe they lost patience while they were waiting for sunrise, or the historians got the clerk's spasm and decided not to worry about the end. Upon returning to the safe, the old guard reveals "what he has learned in the military" and explodes explosives that destroy the safe and signal the end of the evil hobgoblins and the end of this roller coaster ride. better suited for a ride on an escalator. <br /> <br /> The sheer viciousness of this movie is enough to bring someone to tears. If you are planning to watch the movie, I recommend you a few alcoholic drinks beforehand to seriously consider the movie.
