"House Of Evil" aka "Dance Of Death" from 1968 is the first of four notorious and strange recent films starring the great Boris Karloff and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. In contrast to "Snake People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (also 1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972), all of which were released after the death of Karloff in 1969, "House Of Evil" became 1968, when Karloff was released, released yet alive. "House Of Evil" is considered by many to be the worst of these four films, which are undoubtedly all a bit shitty, but definitely have their entertainment value as unwanted comedies that they are. Personally, I prefer "The Fear Chamber" and "House Of Evil" to the other two, simply because the lack of the least logic is even more extreme, and since there is no tension in any of the films, the logic increases the unintentional fun factor. <br /> <br /> The strange story (I do not know if I can really call it "Plot") is set up somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After murdering some girls and finding them with their eyes out, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an avid organist, invites his few remaining relatives to his bizarre villa, full of sinister toys. His relatives include Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is in charge of one of the police inspectors investigating the murders. I will not reveal more of the story, but I can assure you that this is definitely the case bizarre throughout the movie. There are some very funny moments, especially some things that Karloff's character says. Undoubtedly, Boris Karloff was one of the most brilliant and important icons of the horror genre that has ever lived, and he succeeds in rewarding this strange film with a little bit of its size, and though (or because) its role bad screenplay and directing) in no way scary, it looks like he's deliberately playing it with humor. Just as in the followers of the movie "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", the female lead is again played by Julissa. <br /> <br /> Most of his supporting performances are funny, amateurish, the cinematography is awful, and the places and landscapes are contemptuous. The plot lacks the slightest logic and dialogue often does not make the slightest sense. However, it is the bad story and dialogue that makes this movie so entertaining. "House Of Evil" may be a very crappy attempt at a movie, but it's certainly (unintentionally) funny and bad. Fans of Ed Woods movies should be very amused, I personally thought it was funny. Shabby, yet entertaining and definitely worth a visit, as Boris Karloff is there and for fun. 3.10
