The casualties begin with archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert, who discovers the mummified remains of a 42-foot giant. Now there is something you do not see every day. Matt works for real estate developer Morton (Robert Wagner), who wants to build a holiday resort in the countryside. He calls the archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller) for reasons that I'm unsure of. However, both try to figure out what they have in their hands when part of the team has disappeared. Morton calls Security Officer Ammon (Navid Negahban) to fix the situation. Meanwhile, Rabbi Eli Schmidttt (Tom Bosley) translates an old text translator (as he wanted) and is shocked to learn of a wicked prophecy in which these giants will conquer the world for the fallen Das. It's up to Matt to save the day and the planet. <br /> <br /> Written by Kevin VanHook, who also has a small role in the movie as an age old warrior leader, I personally thought The Fallen Ones was a horrible movie and it's so simple and straightforward. There are so many things that are simply bad at The Fallen Ones both technically and conceptually. The script does not make much sense and is only used in the last 20 minutes to the last twenty minutes I almost lost the will to live. The characters are awful and as clichéd as you want, the dialogue is bad as in very, very bad and the whole movie is predictable. I mean, it will come as no surprise that Casper Van Dien will save the day? It's no surprise that the mummified giant is brought back to life. So why wait for over an hour when most of the audience is in a kind of comatose state. That's bad, very bad. They were warned. <br /> <br /> Director VanHook is not impressed, the fight scenes are absolutely terrible and why are you dressing your bad guys in a terrible purple tone? They look naff. To appreciate it a bit, the special effects on the huge mummy itself are really good, although not many of them exist since he has not performed for over an hour. There are also some normal sized mummies that look right from the set of The Mummy (1999), these are unfortunately not really getting used to and in fact as a comic relief wasted. The mechanical mummy was a pretty good idea, but it looked stupid and there's no way on earth that all these people could work in sync with each other to serve them. The more I think about it, the more ridiculous the idea is. Forget about any anxiety, tension or atmosphere and do not even think about gore or violence because there are none. Technically, the fallen are nothing special and apart from the impressive giant mummy effects, there is little to inspire them. The Ghost CGI and water effects are terrible, it was made for TV and shows. Acting was bad, Wagner is embarrassed and this is probably the only thing servants and Bosley can get these days. <br /> <br /> The fallen are a bad movie, so far there are no two ways I'm worried. To be recommended on no level or in any way.
