The tragedy of the lost Titanic has inspired many books and films. The struggle between nature and technology always excited people's imagination. The latest film about this Atlantic tragedy was written and directed by the famous action filmmaker James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" includes two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) with different backgrounds (one is a hobo artist, the other is an aristocrat) and how their love triumphed over social barriers and the tragedy of a sinking ship by chance. <br /> <br /> First of all, this film, though using a historical name, had little regard for history. The property was built around two fictional lovers, a French diamond and treasure hunter. The death of over a thousand people on the largest luxury ship of its time became a mere background. Many historical facts were simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the warnings of the iceberg? Why was not the ship mentioned, which was only 5 miles from the Titanic, but did not come to the rescue because the captain did not recognize the distress signal? Omitting these facts is an insult to the tragedy. And what was the point of spicing up this historic catastrophe with fictitious cheesy romance, when the story is already as sad as it is. <br /> <br /> The plot was rather flat overall; The rich are equal to greed and corruption, poverty is compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a movie about spoiling money. There was absolutely no human side to antiheroes. It seemed Billy Zane was playing part of the devil. Casting was also very bad. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear that she's his babysitter. The length of the film was unnecessarily stretched to over 3 hours. The first and a half hours were spent wasting the relationships between the characters known to the viewers well before their visit to the theater and the dialogue used to make matters worse. Imaginary pick-up lines like "I see you" and "This is my side of the ship" caused more pain than the screams of drowning people. The jokes were too extensive and rather lame. <br /> <br /> "Titanic" included some moving scenes like the roll as the musicians played while the ship went down, but they were not near any of the originals. The best thing about this movie was its special effects, and that was the only thing that really deserved a markup. <br /> <br /> Although this film generally lacks artistic value, the public could not resist a sentimental story starring Romeo (DiCaprio), and so the film became a hit. It is safe to say that industry will be less hesitant to invest large sums in a single film, so that Titanic has actually achieved something.
