ELEPHANT WALK was a thoroughly boring movie and I was really happy when a herd of elephants stormed the villa and finished the movie. Given the money and cast, you would certainly expect the movie to get a lot better, though I also question the unusual cast of Dana Andrews as a man who falls in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the age difference, but I just can not see the couple as a couple. Maybe it's because last minute Vivian Leigh was replaced by Miss Taylor (because of the deteriorating mental state of Miss Leigh) - though it's hard for me to visualize Andrews and Leigh. For an Englishwoman, Miss Taylor does not even seem to use an accent. The film begins with Peter Finch and Taylor, who meet and marry in England. Her plan is to return to the Finch tea plantation in Ceylon, Sri Lanka, and it seems to be a good life at first. However, there are no women to talk to and domestic workers seem to be annoying them. And at home, Finch behaves like an idiot, and Taylor is miserable. Neighbor Andrews can see that and he explains his immortal passion for her. Taylor is not yet ready to give up her marriage. But in the course of the film, Finch Liz treats more and more like an object and finally she is ready to go ... when out of the blue the cholera hits the plantation. So it's up to Andrews, Finch, and Taylor to work together to save the day - though I did not really care about it until now, because there's absolutely no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is pretty boring, and you can not understand why Taylor did not leave her weasel husband within days after arriving in this inhospitable hell. <br /> <br /> The film is not particularly appealing or convincing, and despite a decent budget from Paramount, the movie is a lazy mess. I was particularly surprised that although the film was shot on location, many scenes were clearly shot in a studio with a rear-projected (and grainy) shot that was not well integrated. For example, in one scene, Taylor, Finch and the property sit on the porch and the grass is light green. When the picture hits people dancing in front of them, the grass is brown! It is clear that in this scene or in the scene with the giant reclining Buddha, they are NOT really in Ceylon. My advice is to skip it or at least have a pot of coffee nearby to keep you awake. Despite its budget, it's just not a very good or inspired movie. <br /> <br /> Could Miss Taylor have been pregnant during part of this movie? In some scenes (especially at the beginning) she wears bloated clothes, has a double chin and looks swollen. This is not a criticism - after all, women get pregnant! But if you look closely, you'll see what I mean. <br /> <br /> The basic plot is similar in many ways to that of GIANT - a great Taylor movie! It's amazing how casting and good direction can do so much.
