After the arrest of the man responsible for the murder of his boss, Deputy Sheriff Thomas Jefferson becomes Geronimo III. Commissioned to bring the killer back to Italy. On the way, however, the aircraft is diverted to Malta. Not long after the landing, the killer escapes. Now, and with little help from the Maltese police, Deputy Sheriff Geronimo wants to bring back a murderer. But will his brand "Texas shoot first, later take names" operate in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me make that very clear, I have seen Final Justice both with and without the comment of the Mystery Science Theater 3000. I've seen the scenes cut to make the movie a more coherent whole. And I saw the cut-up TV version that was used for MST3K. Still, I have to admit that I prefer the MST3K version a lot. Why? Because Final Justice is a lousy movie. The MST3K comment makes it a lot tastier. By itself, it's a real snoozer of an action movie with insane dialogues (often with so thick Italian accents that you can not understand it), bad acting, weak direction, giant storylines, and most of the other things you can find here bad movie , And if the bulk of Final Justice was not "that bad, it's good," it would be a dreadfully boring movie about everything else. So, yes, I enjoy the often very funny MST3K commentary about the bad movie alone. <br /> <br /> My main points in the MST3K commentary and in most of the reviews I read about Final Justice, but criticized by Joe Don Baker. The main flaws in Baker's performance have nothing to do with his size, his character's clothing choices, or any of the other jokes thrown in his direction. Instead, I think much of it is related to the bad decision to put it first. Joe Don Baker used to kill me as a decent actor, but he's not the guy I'd call an action hero in every way. He's more of a buddy than he demonstrated in some James Bond films with solid performances. Or if you really want to blame someone for the problems with Final Justice, point your finger at director Greydon Clark. Clark's resume can not be compared to Baker's. So I say, "fire Joe Don Baker!"
