Joe Don Baker is ... Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, a chubby, sweaty, murderous fool in a stupid cowboy suit Roy Rogers would have laughed at. Somehow he still has a badge, probably because he lives in Texas and ALL there is allowed to prosecute. This sleazy loser is a deputy sheriff near the Texas border. Not surprisingly, he was once a Texas Ranger, but he was sacked for believing that the law was his own jumping ball with which to play at his discretion. These include the shooting of suspects who cross the international border into Mexico, beaten up suspects, cheated in gun battles, threatening women, launching shootings that could have been avoided, and succeeding in threatening a child's life claiming women would promise he would help and protect himself from being killed, just so he could get out of prison, etc. This guy makes LA cops look like saints. <br /> <br /> When his partner is killed by a couple When Joe Don's Italian assassin roams around, he chases her down and kills one of them. Then he brings the other to Italy at the behest of a Mr. Wilson, who rightly believes that Joe Don will have big problems. In record time, he loses the Italian and is blown up by a Maltese Cabby. This is just the first of many deaths and devastation that Joe Don leaves as he wanders through Malta searching for Palermo (the Italian murderer). <br /> <br /> How The Mobius Strip Begins The film in which our hero is arrested, taught by the Maltese police chief, goes out and makes more trouble, gets arrested, is taught by the police chief ... and so on and so on. Until you blow your brain out with Joe Don's ivory pistol and finish the horror. Joe Don proves his uselessness not only in the first time that Palermo flees, but in the following boat he goes down in one fell swoop. Then he is kidnapped by Palermo after threatening a woman with a hanger. They hope that Palermo actually tortures him in the basement cell he was putting in, but none of the strippers he threatened came and brought him out for promising to protect them. Her neck is cut immediately (big surprise) and Joe Don escapes into the night. <br /> <br /> And here you hope he drowned in another (another) chase. But even the sea does not want him and spits it out on a shore where he is cared for by a poor Maltese family (what have they ever done to earn it?) He returns to the city where he was arrested by the police is from the police chief ... arrrgghhh! The policewoman accompanying him frees him to go to Palermo. Why she should do anything so brainless that she destroys her career for this big bitch is a mystery to me. It's just mysteriously puzzling. <br /> <br /> You go out to the villa where Palermo is hiding and start shooting. Joe Don cheats and kills Palermo. Then he says the great and dazzling last line of the movie: "The big one has my badge. Can you get it for me?" Thank you for this immortal line, Mr. Baker. This will go down in the annals of film history as the most educated, amazing and wondrous last line ever voiced by a character in a movie. It certainly matches everything else about the character. Bravo.
