Joe Don Baker (MITCHELL), a human pot roast, starred in this boring, understated action movie as Deputy Geronimo, a fat, swift Slob sitting in a stupid cowboy suit, listening to country music and eating too many donuts , Meanwhile, a vaguely criminal guy named Palermo (played by the man who had the exercise in Fulcis GATES OF HELL) stumbles into Joe Don's territory and shoots the sheriff in a poorly edited scene. Joe Don slowly gives in and chases away Palermo's brother after he has pronounced his legendary slogan. Do you think you can take me? Well, go ahead. ' For some reason, Joe Don, a Texas lawyer, has to transport Palermo to Italy ("Mr. Palermo was a great source of embarrassment for the Italian government," says Mr. Wilson, another vague figure played by Bill McKinney, who is in MASTER NINJA was 1, SHE FREAK and many good Clint Eastwood films). <br /> <br /> Anyway, Joe Dons plane has to land on the island of Malta, where Palermo escapes with the help of a briefcase and a man who looks like Jon Lovitz. And here comes the movie to a halt. For the rest of the film, Joe Don goes to Palermo, loses Palermo, lands in a jail cell, gets yelled at by the Macedonian police chief and then released with the warning not to search for Palermo. Then Joe Don moves on to Palermo, loses Palermo, lands in a jail cell, gets shouted at by the police chief of police and then released with the warning not to search for Palermo. Then Joe Don goes to Palermo, loses Palermo, lands in a jail cell, gets shouted at by the police chief of police, and then dismissed with the warning to stop looking for Palermo. This is an aggravating movie. <br /> <br /> At one point, it is assumed that Joe Don is dead at sea. All other characters wonder if he is dead or not and conclude that it is him. But then he appears (he was rescued by a poor family) and no one mentions the fact that he was missing several days at sea. Even his sweet, Julia Louise Dreyfuss-like buddy does not greet him back. However, she offers to help him find Palermo, so Joe Don goes to Palermo, loses Palermo, lands in a jail cell, gets yelled at by the Maltese police chief and then released with a warning, not to look for Palermo anymore. Highlights include a bizarre carnival with weird colorful poses, some sexy strippers, a shootout with a kid dressed like Napoleon, AND a cart with tomatoes, a chase scene with a guy dressed like a monk and every scene is involved without Joe Don. Low points include Joe Don threatening a stripper with a hanger. <br /> <br /> It should be noted that this is from Greydon Clark, director of ANGEL'S REVENGE, who appears as sheriff. Ick! <br /> <br />
