I note from the comments that most people discussing this film base their comments on the MST3K broadcast. That's fair enough (that is, as it's most widely known), but since I had the misfortune to see "Final Justice" in its original form, I'd just like to share a few thoughts and comments on the Uncut version. <br /> <br /> First of all, we have to admit that the original version is a bit more coherent than the MST3K show, mainly due to a failure scene between Rossano Brazzi and Venantino Venantini (I could use the names of the characters instead of the actors, but I love to type the words "Venantino Venantini" and explain why Venantini's fleeting character can not just leave Malta. (It's not a very convincing plot point, but at least the filmmakers have tried to handle it.) Whether I did not know that scene cut because of time constraints or because it did not provide much food for riffs. <br /> <br /> Another plot point is missing in the original: The stripper's betrayal of Venantino Venantini to Joe Don Baker, who died in the MST3K's version is seemingly unmotivated, explained by an earlier, extremely unpleasant scene in which Venantini rapes her in the shower, which gives her a motive to turn against him, but the whole scenario is really ... icky. (There's no other word for it.) <br /> <br /> Some of the MST-worthy moments (the eternal, cut-off cries of "Son of a--" and the "Deja Vu" shoot of the sheriff) were pure The result of the TV-recorded expression they worked with was missing from the original movie. One scene that I had wished was in the MST3K version: Before they entered the bar, they asked some people. Joe Don asks the Maltese policewoman who accompanied him to stay outside because "she's this Seeing uniform, they will not cooperate. " However, Joe Don himself wears his ridiculous cowboy slash sheriff outfit with a shiny badge! I can not imagine why they missed this great opportunity to make fun of him ... One final comment on the original, unabridged version of "Final Justice": Why, oh why, did they feel it the need Venantino Venantinis bare bottom to put on the screen?
