Well, I can honestly say that for the first time I saw a movie that literally did not contain meat or potatoes. The whole movie felt like it was just the main course salad. The plot was fallible and ridiculous, the characters were one-dimensional, the realism was out the window and the animation was made by four-year-olds. Does it cover that? Never in my life have I been more embarrassed by a concept. I have never read the comics or seen the other programs with this character, but from the point of view of the other reviews I am not uncomfortable with my observation. At the beginning, the story was moving too fast. For someone new to this character and these situations, I needed more to create the reasons instead of finding the solution. I've seen other anime (if you could call it an anime) that do great things with their characters because they take the time to develop them. Nothing was planned for Lady Death. In a few short scenes, we see her train with Cremator and instantly become an aggressive hellbeast. It was hard for me to swallow, considering moments before she was portrayed as a weak and weak woman controlled by her father. Suddenly she immerses herself in hate and can fight with an existence that has existed for millions of years. That was absurd. The portrayal of Lady Death was, to say the least, poor. I felt like she was nothing more than an animated figure, instead of a desperate woman with revenge in her head. It just did not work for me. It was nothing more than a feast for the prepubescent boys who wanted to prick the masses of skin they suddenly had on Cremator training on their chest. Oh, I was sick as I watched her. The same goes for the character of Cremator. Who was this random person? The explanation they gave was not enough and instead I had more disjointed babbling than the actual development. It is a very sad day in hell, when we do without characters to show more violence and action, especially in an animated feature. Next up was Lucifer himself. Let me just say that I think I could fight and survive with the King of Hell. He was weak, his voice was ridiculous and he simply did not represent the image I had in my head. It was as if Disney was in control and wanted to make it a half PC. He lacked the darkness and the corrupt nature that embodied Lucifer. He was not the ruler of hell, but only a lackey who had a larger place to live. Speaking of life or dying, how can you die in hell again? That was a concept that definitely needed more explanations. Most characters were worried about death when they did not even consider the possibility that they were already dead. So they came to hell. I think that way of thinking ruined the movie for me. I have not quite captured the idea that your soul is still in a solid body in hell, but that could only be me? Or maybe it was because there was NO DEVELOPMENT in this story. Nothing was built, only prepared. <br /> <br /> The battle sequences were hysterically bad. The animation in this cartoon felt like it was made in the early '90s. There was nothing impressive about how this film was drawn. Why are we, America, so far behind the animation? It's huge in Asia and creeps in here in hardcore because we continue to shoot films like Lady Death that do not demand or use imagination. We are cheap, and this movie shows it. <br /> <br /> Overall, the movie was bad. The animation, coupled with the awful vocal work, was cheap. I had a head somewhere that this movie has been in production for a long time, which is hard to understand because I think I could have made this movie on my credit card. The production was as terrible as the story. Nothing was developed, leaving huge gaping action holes that almost anyone could fall into. The strength of the characters was missing and nothing was explained. I wasted my time and wanted to warn others so that when death comes you will not be in my condition regretting the fact that you have spent 80 minutes on this garbage /> BLAH! <br /> <br /> Note: * from *****
