Funny. Quirky original. Surreal. Butterfly wings? One might ask what these words best describe, and some (which are merged with the international film community) might say Happenstance quickly, but others jump into the more American trait and immediately call for the butterfly effect. Strangely enough, I would be one of those who shout about this science fiction film by Kutcher, mainly because none of the words I mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph are exactly the Tautou feature I've experienced. Sure, we loved them all in Amelie and thought she was the daughter of Jesus in Da Vinci Code, but in this movie, the first director (at least a feature film), Laurent Firode Tautou does not give the opportunity to shine. Unfortunately, it does not give anyone the opportunity to really demonstrate because he is too caught up in the moments of "chance chance" to make this movie anything but a glimmer (never a real boil). Firode has plenty, and I use "plentiful" as a small word. Moments in this film, in which he could tell us a fantastic story, a truly quaint fairy tale of love and chance, but instead he fell face to face in mud-buying chaotic interweaving that overwhelmed us with volatile characters and a story, which made us gasp. <br /> <br /> Tautous's beautiful face adorns the lid of this box, but is not taken as soon as I assume that this would be another monumental trip to the French cinema of Tautou. Tautou is in this movie, do not get me wrong, but you could argue that it's not the center of this story. Firode's job is to create a series of random events that eventually lead to an audience (albeit confusing) that illustrates the importance of the refreshing "melodrama". He fails completely. Firode fails by giving us, the audience, too many characters. With too many characters, it gives us too many random interventions, and in the end, it does not interest you, who is who or what is what or how; Your main focus is solely on the final balance and the destination of your arrival. Tautou could have saved this film from catastrophe if only Firode had given it its center. Unfortunately, he did not, but apparently tried to force a group of 12 people through a theoretical film hole the size of a penny. It just did not work and we had a jam in which we were completely stuck. <br /> <br /> Firode fails because he focuses so much on the little details that for one of those rare movie events he actually forgoes the central focus. I can say that for Happenstance there was no defined central focus. At first he tries to create one with our two supposed main characters who finds out that they have the same birthday, and their horoscope promises love in the moonlight, but we'll never come back to that throughout the movie. Instead, we are again bombarded with new characters, congested scenes, and pointless chatter that are obviously destined to send us away from a real story and more to a world of "ifs, ands, and buts." I could not do it I could not believe this movie. The writer Firode (yes, the same guy who ruled that garbage) uses a technique that is so primitive in this film that I immediately felt I was about to finish it. He must have assumed that many of us were unable to actually follow the story (or the scientific premise) because he sought the help of a homeless person to fill in the gaps. I did not need that, and I do not think Firode had to belittle his audience in this matter. While there were other elements that did not seem to work for me at all (again, I felt like a jumbled Parisian collage of shredded paper), this was the icing on the cake. I do not need my hand through movies. <br /> <br /> I will give this movie a star for recognition. This is a pretty difficult genre that can be mastered successfully. Time travel movies are particularly tough because of the countless possibilities that are never taken into consideration, but with Happenstance it works because Firode explores the different ways halfway. I'll say he does not do it well, but it was at least five full minutes of fun. I liked where Firode went with this movie, he had a really well-told story, but the final execution just tore this movie to pieces. Firode could have saved this film if he had strengthened his characters and brightened up his premise and story at the same time. I think my general mood in this movie would have changed if only these two simple directions were taken. Oh, I just wish I could go back to the production of this movie to show the flaws of its kind to Firode. Overall, this was the first time (and probably the last time) a Tautou movie that I have to say absolutely disappointed. From the choppy opening to the apathetic end, I just had the feeling that Happenstance had failed because of Firode's leadership and terrible marketing. Marketing is something I did not mention before, but why would anyone buy this movie that thinks it's an Amelie 2 (after the Hong Kong-published title), and why you should put Tautou on the cover, even though you know that she knows it did not contribute to this movie at all. I think that this movie was in ruins from the first minute that passed on my DVD player. While I will compliment his theme, everything else was far below the level of mediocrity. I can not recommend this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Note: * out of *****
