We have reached the limit of implausibility with this film. Basically dinosaurs come aboard this ship, driven by a weird old fart called Neweyes (which I needed after watching this movie). Apparently, Neweyes hears children everywhere's wishes and decides that he should fulfill the children's desire that dinosaurs be brought into the modern age so that everyone can see them for shameless exploitation. The dinosaurs eat this stuff that makes them smarter (a pity the scriptwriters did not have it). By the way, does it seem strange that Neweyes, out of ALL the wishes of the children in the world, fulfills the desire to bring dinosaurs into modern times? Why not fulfill the wishes of the children to end the famine? Illness? War? I mean, come on! Does not Neweyes have anything better to do with all the power he has? After all, when the dinosaurs get into modern times, they start singing, dancing, and destroying chaos (basically the things that you might see on a bad LSD journey), I mean, where else could you get a T? See rex playing golf and jumping on a balloon from Spider-Man?). They end up in the circus and Neweyes Brother Screweyes (???) lets the children, who befriend the dinosaurs, sign an empty contract. Why? Why do children sign a blank contract? Screweyes says if the dinosaurs take something ... "brain drain" That he lets the kids go. Instead of tearing down the evil Screweyes limb, the dinosaurs give way and agree to its conditions. What?! This is stupid! They just could have threatened him, made him drop the contract, eat him, and then go out with the kids. I think the filmmakers wanted to show that violence is bad. This is a controversial point as the dinosaurs finally flee and surround a bunch of crows Screweyes and apparently eats it completely. Oh yes, that's not violent at all! We're back, it does not make sense, it's not fun, it's stupid, it's stupid, badly written, and it contains some of the biggest plot gaps ever written for the movie. Even for a children's movie ... that's BAD.
