I'm an avid fan of violent exploitation films that would never attack a movie for violence or disquiet. "Cannibal Holocaust" I consider a masterpiece and defend controversial films such as "Day Of The Woman" or "Last House on the Left" always as a true classic. Anyone who flips through my other user comments will find that I'm really very violent when it comes to movies. However, I think that the violence should have at least one point. This piece of crap does not make sense at all. The first film in the infamous "Guinea Pig" series "The Devil's Experiment" (1985) is widely controversial, but unlike many other controversial films, this stinker has nothing to recommend. I must say, before I saw one of the Guniea Pig movies, I already had the feeling that I hated it because I knew what it was about. However, because of his status as one of the most controversial films, I decided to see it. I'm very glad I did not waste any money on this bastard, and I wish I had not wasted my time on it either. <br /> <br /> The story of this thing (I do not want to call it a 'movie'): It has none. Three scumbags torture a woman to tormenting 40 minutes to death. That's it. There is no artistic value, no "shocking" story, no tension; Nothing. Just the unbelief that a movie that shows NOTHING except that a woman is tortured for no reason enjoys a tremendous cult following. It is disturbing, I give it. Of course it is disturbing to watch a torture video for 40 minutes. More disturbing, however, is the fact that many people actually regard this pile of rubbish as a kind of masterpiece. I really can not understand why. The fact that the Gore effects look realistic can not be the reason, I hope. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor and reacts very calmly to all the tortures. This makes the movie less realistic, which in this case is a good thing. This is a movie that gets sick; Not because of his suffering, but because of his dismissal, only because of the presence of 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I strictly reject any form of censorship. Since this is 100% forgery and no one was injured during its production, it is legitimate to make such a film. However, I can not think of any reason why anyone would like this except the morbid desire to watch the suffering and enjoyment of torture. The sequel to the movie "Flowers of Flesh and Blood" became famous when actor Charlie Sheen considered him a real snuff film and informed the FBI. Fortunately, the film proved to be fake. Overall, "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake torture / snuff movie that seems to have the sole purpose of being as close as possible to a real snuff movie. Worst movies I've ever had had the misfortune to sit through. Do not torture yourself by trying this piece of crap because of its controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero of ten stars, I wish there was a negative scale to properly rate this bastard.
