Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and most talented comedians in the movie today. With his hyperactive spontaneity and rubbery face, he can just go crazy, and we love him for it. He has the ability to make mediocre comedies (aka Ace Ventura) and turn them into decent comedic ventures. Or, in the case of 'Liar Liar', they make her one of the funniest contemporary comedies. Carrey has also proven to be able to fight dramas. He was honored in both "Man on the Moon" and "The Truman Show." The guy is remarkable. <br /> <br /> Then comes 'Bruce Almighty', an ideal vehicle for Carrey, and a premise that should have worked; After Carrey complains about God and how his life stinks, he is empowered with the powers of God. However, the script is pure recycled waste. No matter how bad a script is, with Carrey's improvisation sometimes a lighthearted scene becomes funny. The problem is, there's little chance for Carrey to let loose, because so much of the comedy needs stupid special effects, only a few of which are amusing. Carrey can rarely improvise because he has to bypass the special effects. The authors apparently thought all these special effects and superpower sequences were funny, because the rest of the movie is just a filler that Carrey has nothing to offer but a vain character who is absolutely humorless. He seems to be more than a five-year longing for our attention by wanting the viewer to find what he is making fun of, if it's really just annoying last year's 'The Good Girl' was great. She also has a talent for the comedy, but since the script is as linear as it is, she just gets the role of the bitter friend. She looks nagging and grumpy, and there is no chemistry between the two stars. <br /> <br /> 'Bruce Almighty' should be a comedy that works. But it does not even have the courage to deal with the topic that makes it funny. Religion. A few little giggles (his internet is Yehweh), but instead it became a comedic superpower comedy. Not to mention that the sound changes from stupid to cumbersome and sometimes even black comedy. The movie fails on almost every level. This is not to be seen that it is completely laughless, but it is close. Any movie that feels like it integrates scenes from a dog that has to pee in order to laugh has problems. But hey, if you think Pinkelwitze is funny then do it. <br /> <br />
