When I read the summary of the film, something like what happens when a man receives the power of a god, and how he later learns that supernatural powers require great responsibility and power, I thought that this was a clever and original concept was. Also the casting was promising, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can film be bad with a good idea and good actors, not to mention film costs? It can. The idea is good, but the script and the story itself are awful. To be honest, Bruce Nolan is a rather mediocre journalist with not terrific stories (like the story of a giant biscuit, what a faux pas and the Niagara report is a complete fiasco!), He's a man with a job he does DEFENSE (he is not a good journalist, he is a comedian), considering his potential, with a beautiful home, a sweet girlfriend and OH HORROR !!!! Dog who is not trained in the house !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce starts GOD in a "God, why do you hate me?" In a way, the average viewer has to think, "Why, what's wrong with you, Bruce?" Bruce is not and definitely NOT the man with real problems in life. Most of the problems that happen to him are minor and not really valuable to everything he does, and some of them are really just the result of his stupidity. Most people have really big problems, value of attention, most people are more valuable than that Bruce, who does not seem too human, does not even seem realistic, too stupid and neurotic, but God still speaks to him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks good as a god, I can not help but ask what he's doing in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his powers? God in this film could easily give his powers to a 5-year-old child, and there would be little difference. No, wait, a smart kid would probably use his God powers better than Bruce. What is Bruce doing? Pull the moon closer to the earth to create a romantic atmosphere, chop up the red soup, raise a pretty woman's dress on the street, answer prayers by email and make them all come true !!!! Not anymore, Bruce, please! What Bruce did could actually end the world, but in the movie that does not happen, because this is "nice, informal, little movie" and makes no sense at all !!! Not a hint of sarcasm, real humor, joke, at least some dirty humor !!! Nothing. Only Carrey plays stupid, which seems pathetic to middle-aged actors. Aniston is unremarkable here. She plays a pale, undeveloped figure of Bruce's girlfriend Grace and remains completely forgotten in this movie. No one who is righteous would believe that these two have any chemistry at all between them. When Grace speaks for Bruce Prayer, it not only sounds lame and pathetic, but completely wrong. These two are not meant to be together. I would award three stars, but I doubt the movie deserves one. Bad scripts, lame dialogues, lack of real humor, wit and sophistication, as well as undeveloped characters and unobtrusive roles of Freeman and Aniston, complete lack of audacity and sarcasm make the movie a movie. Okay, there were some funny moments, and Freeman is always nice to see in every movie, so let's leave three stars.
