I saw this movie in 1975 in its first week. I was 13 years old and found it sufficient and a bit funny. I came then to discover the WORLD of Doc Savage through the Bantam novels of the old Pulp Magazine stories. I had no idea of ​​Doc's realm before, but I quickly became one of the most zealous Doc Savage fans you could ever meet. I read (and still have) all the Bantam books, went to Comic-Coms (along with Star Trek and Doctor Who and all sorts of geeky, fat kid's events) and had a wonderful time on every adventure I did with Doc and the ORIGINAL Fab 5. Philip Jose Farmer's Book - The apocalyptic life of Doc Savage has become a bit bible to me, and to this day I have great feelings about my doc phase. With these words, years later I have to admit that this movie really missed the boat. It's a movie that did not know what he wanted to become when he grew up. The script was infantile and had little resemblance to the pulp story. These stories from the 1930s were brief, and if you envisioned Lester Dent (AKA Kenneth Robeson) writing them, you would perform in PERFECT 3-act dramas that screamed for screenplay. One would have thought, with George Pal and Michael Anderson at the top it would have been better. The parody elements miss the target and the more serious moments almost get there, but then they are too short. It's interesting to see that they hired second-string actors (people who were really just little players and extras before the movie), who all got along very well. Of course, Paul Gleason is a good player in all facets of entertainment, and Bill Lucking is a multi-year television station. Everyone else fell sadly from the card. I would like to have a copy of this movie as this is the only movie version of my hero, but I'm afraid I will not look at it too much because it's too painful. I would say 0, but instead I give two out of ten points for the art movement of the time (Doc's answering machine was a nice touch at the end) and the cast of the third Stingers got a moment in the sun.
