I dug it out and watched it this evening. To be honest, it must have been twenty years since I last saw it. I remember it was a seriously flawed movie. I do not remember that it was that bad !!!!! <br /> <br /> I am absolutely horrified that a project with so much potential would have been abused so abusive. Who should I blame? The 2 guys who wrote the script (and I use the word easy)? The casting directors who have so misunderstood at least three main characters in the story? (Only two of them are among the "Amazing 5".) The director who clearly refused to take it seriously and continued to push bad music and bad drama around the world? (I liked the title song - but it should never have been used for the whole movie!) Don Black, who should find ASHAMED on some of the lyrics he wrote for this music? <br /> <br /> It turns out that I should pull this out less than a week after reading the comic book adaptation. The first 15 to 20 minutes of the movie correspond to more or less (really less) of the first issue of the comic. When I saw it tonight, I wondered again and again - why has ALMOST changed every detail? Doc appeared and then used the remote control of the watch to open the vault, and the sniper's bullet was missing five inches, because the breaking glass was just the only thing that remained the same. I mean, if you want to make an "adaptation," WHY change everything in God's name? <br /> <br /> As soon as they leave Docs HQ, practically nothing is as it was in the comic (which was given) Roy Thomas, I expect him to probably follow the book). I read somewhere that they actually combined elements from two different novels in one movie. Again-- WHY? I heard that this changed because they could not secure the budget they wanted. I watch the movie and think ... LACK OF MONEY IN NO WAY explains what I saw on screen !! <br /> <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they should take a look at it. The best I can say is, I think it would be a great double-filmed feature with the BATMAN feature from 1966 - and probably a great triple-bill with the 1980 FLASH GORDON. All 3 movies are "stupid ". Maybe we can "blame" the 1966 film (and TV series) for that. Some fans have complained over the years that BATMAN of Adam West has ruined the image of comic books in generations of non-comics fans. I think the same could be said for Hollywood. I remember how many really, really bad movies based on "classic" characters have been made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 70's and early 80's. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, and The Lone Ranger - all "were" murdered by Hollywood guys who think, "Oh, comic books! They are rather "stupid". What a waste of potential. <br /> <br /> Let me say some good things ... Despite the script and the direction, Ron Ely is great. When I read a story by DOC SAVAGE, I'm not thinking of the paintings of James Bama, but of Ely. Bill Lucking (who was a regular at The A-TEAM) is great. Eldon Quick (whom I've seen elsewhere, but can not remember where he is) is great. Paul Gleason, whom I hated with passion and revenge in THE BREAKFAST CLUB (the "teacher" he played, absolutely forbidden to go anywhere), might be the best of the "amazing 5" in the movie. Pamela Hensley - although her role in the original story was almost unrecognizable - is terrific. Before she let her hair down, I also realized that she looked like a "hell" like "Ardala Valmar" out of those awful John Calkins BUCK ROGERS strips that I read the other day. She has a big nose like Ardala - just not so pronounced. The comics Ardala actually looked more like the movie Princess Aura- or Cher of 1936. Or maybe Streisand. Take your pick. (Ardala actually got a plastic surgery on the George Tuska strip - after that she was amazing!) Paul Wexler, funny enough, I saw last week in a GET SMART episode. I wonder if he was something like the character he should play? I do not know, because this character is certainly not in the film of which the film has its title.
