After Watergate, Vietnam and the dark days of the Nixon and Jimmy Carter eras, the world needed a good old-fashioned captain hero, who recorded venomous snakes and culprits in the US of 1936 or the jungles of South America in a series of fantastic adventures. Unfortunately in 1975 it got Doc Savage, The Man of Bronze. Perhaps the best we can say of the legendary producer of George Pal is that George Lucas and Phil Kaufman probably left the theater and tell each other through his often beautifully designed but sadly flat adaptation of Kenneth Robeson's Pulp-Paperback novels : "We can do do better than that" and adding a bullwhip, a battered fedora and some much-needed character difficulties. <br /> <br /> Much of the problem is that Doc Savage is in many ways even harder to write than Superman? Explorer, adventurer, philanthropist, a scientific and intellectual genius in the bronze bleach-naked bullet-proof muscle-bound body of a Greek god (or rather the form of television Tarzan, Ron Ely, a rather boring Charlton Heston clone here), there's simply nothing he can do nothing and, what is even more damaging, nothing that could harm him. The man is the virtual incarnation of Hitler's Aryan superman (no surprise that the DVD is only available in Germany!), But with only American values. In the event that something should ever be overlooked (not that there is ever anything), he has not just one but five companions in his wake, the (less than) Fabulous Five. I can accept a chemist, an electrician and even an archaeologist, and maybe I could even go so far as to consider a civil engineer necessary, but which hero takes a defense attorney on his adventures? In fact, Doc's brain confidence was probably added because the hero is so tiring and invulnerable and virtually perfect in every way? Even Kryptonite would not bring him to his knees-someone had to be endangered in the stories-but with the exception of Paul Gleason, they are all so terribly ill-posed and (like most parts of the movie) that they'll all be at the opening. Kill the title happily. The villains are not getting better. With Paul Wexler captaining the threat of a geography teacher, Scott Walker (no, another) sets one of cinema's worst accents (Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Greek, Pakistani, or nationality) While Robyn Hilton with Marilyn Monroe-stupid, stupid Moll Paris (no relation) in the unfailing Bimbo inserts gives a fight for their money. <br /> <br /> Even with these disadvantages, should this have been much better than the different ingredients? lost tribes, a pool of gold, a biplane dogfight, and a life-threatening poison, all in search of the reason Doc's father was murdered. Unfortunately, it's a question of sound: in the '60s and' 70s, pulp superheroes were not figures inclined for action scenes and state-of-the-art special effects, but treated as weird figures of low-budget stocking fun with action scenes Knocked on the fast track, the films were aimed exclusively at the matinée market: you know, for children. There have long been rumors that the original cut was more straightforward? And certainly, much of the lager value in post-production has been added, be it the Colgate twinkle in Doc's eyes, the comic captions, the various fighting styles in the last cleanup with Captain Seas or Don Black's gung-ho lyrics to John Philip identify Sousa's patriotic marches? but in the film was initially abundant. After all, it's hard to see that one of the villain's subordinates talking on a giant rocking crib was ever thought of as something other than a joke falling flat, while Doc's explanation to Pamela Hensley explains why he never sees girls as a scene can be written for Adam West's Batman. Instead, the funniest moments are usually purely unintentional, such as when Doc shows his sixth sense, er, by moving his Adam's apple. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the bigger problem is that the action on paper is promising. It is almost relentlessly banal, be it on the rooftops of New York's skyscrapers pursuing a local assassin or a yacht full of baddies escape. Even the convincing idea of ​​animated glowing green snakes whirling through the air as they poison their victims does not inspire director Michael Anderson. After proving his invulnerability a few moments earlier, Doc manages to send her out with only one chair and an electric fan by simply pulling out the curtains. <br /> <br /> Apart from Doc's various vehicles, all of which have their logo and look more plastic than bronze, the production design is often pretty good, even if it looks like. It's obvious that LA is for New York stands, while Fred Koenekamp's feature films ensure that the film often looks good despite the low budget. And it's good to see a superhero movie that does not spend most of its time on a lineage, even though it's suspected that Doc was born entirely out of the loins of Zeus himself. <br /> <br /> It's a movie I like more, but it just feels like you lost 100 minutes. No wonder, Doc Savage, The Arch Enemy of Evil, the sequel that was so optimistically promised in the credits, has never happened.
