"The Amazing Mr. Williams" is nothing amazing. Part of the problem of this film is the lead actor Melvyn Douglas. He was a lousy actor and lazy with it. For most of his career, he allowed his good looks, a sleek manner and (usually, but not in this movie) a good script to offset his lack of acting skills. I did not like Douglas as an actor before I knew anything about him as a person. I learned enough about him to know that I also despise his politics. I commend Melvyn Douglas for one thing: his chromosomes have produced the incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. Melvyn Douglas filmed this movie right after the brilliant "Ninotchka" ... come over one! "The Amazing Mr. Williams" is supposedly a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays a plainclothes detective on the homicide mission Kenny Williams. I never heard of a police officer named Kenny, but if they called him Kenneth Williams ... well, what a jerk. The whole city is in a panic because a serial killer is out and killing women. There is no motive for it; He only likes to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams on the carpet to explain that he did not catch the killer. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS DIRECTIONS. The cheap, vulgar, untalented and unattractive Joan Blondell plays the mayor's secretary. (She does not sound adept at archiving a letter, let alone a guy.) Blondell and Douglas argue like a cat and a dog, so it's obvious they'll end up together. <br /> <br /> At this deepest point in the film, Melvyn Douglas decides to pull the killer by disguising himself as a woman. You do NOT want to see Melvyn Douglas on the train! He is well over six feet tall and he does not even shave off that annoying mustache. The similarly "getashed" William Powell was a very similar actor as Melvyn Douglas (but much more talented). When Powell disguised herself as a woman in 'Love Crazy', he had the integrity to shave off his mustache: a real sacrifice, since Powell needed it for his next role. But Melvyn Douglas does not contribute to his role in this film, not even a razor. He plays his drag scenes with the same annoying grin he used during most of his career. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, 'The Amazing Mr Williams' has made some of those great support players who made Hollywood's movies so sexy in the' 30s. Here, Edward Brophy is brilliant, touching and witty as a criminal who experiences an unusual vacation through his life imprisonment. The dyspeptic Donald MacBride is doing well as a police officer who is considered the killer, and is being lynched by a mob. Ruth Donnelly is great: as usual for her, but here she has the chance to show off her talents from her usual orbit on the Warner Brothers backlot. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and the grinning Dave Willock are all good in small parts. Barbara Pepper (whom I do not usually like) is good here, too. The grossly unpleasant Maude Eburne gets some time on the screen. I always detest her, and she gives the same performance in every movie ... but some viewers enjoy Eburne's one-note performance for reasons I can not fathom. <br /> <br /> With Hollywood actors of the 1930s and the roles they used to play, a look at IMDb's cast list will reveal who the killer is. That's the problem with 'The Amazing Mr Wiliams': Everything is too obvious. I will rate this movie with 2 out of 10 points.
