Even if you are a big Sandler fan, please do not bother with this extremely disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, assuming he's at least halfway decent, since my husband Sandler is with me and because I assumed some women would get naked. Well, there are not a few lightly dressed women, but none are naked. I'm not sure what point this had in Sandler's career, but I guess it was before his SNL days. I can be wrong This is like watching one of his home videos. He could look back on a cheesy movie like this and remember the good old days ... but we (the audience) have to dry out. This is hardly a "movie"! Sandler talks a lot about the camera and even admits that this is a "no-budget" movie (that's right, not a low-budget movie, a no-budget movie). So it's our job to laugh at the quirky characters pretty much. There's no solid plot, it's like an extended sketch comedy show - but a rough and poorly written one. The guy who played the uncomfortable comedian was completely annoying and it was not at all plausible that he would receive such a mass audience. And Sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying the classic Henny Youngman line, "Take my wife, please," and the audience lies on the floor? I do not even go to TRY to make a logic. Sure, Sandler's current and current films are not exactly made sense (the penguin in "Billy Madison", the dwarf in "Happy Gilmores Happy Place"), but the comedy works. This is a strictly amateurish work, and even if you're curious about Adam's early days in the movie - you're still not interested. You better check out his start at SNL or maybe his underrated role in Mixed Nuts. Of course, the Sandman is not the only actor to be wasted in this ungrateful vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also makes a brief appearance, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a supporting role and the big Burt Young (from the "Rocky" movies) plays a significant role. <br /> <br /> This horrible comedy is likely to collect dust on the 99 cent rental section of your local video store - and rightly so. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
