Hollywood has now officially gone too far, and I really hope that this travesty of a movie, in spite of the good box office, is a real counter-play to their dung-benders. If you read our comments in the industry and look for clues as to what to do next, STOP. Stop turning our TV shows into this disgusting, stupid, wasted time wasters of time movies. This proves one thing: Hollywood has no ideas, and the films that produce them only see the disgusting cycle. What's next - you guys go and ruin The Bionic Man? <br /> <br /> The film is just wrong and manages to get the dumbest, simple fact of the show completely wrong by forgetting (or ignoring) that Tom Wopat & John Schneider's Bo & Luke Duke * REFORMED * Moon cutters were. They had been beaten, learned their lesson, were on the spot, and were there to help people and be good neighbors who happened to shoot dynamite tips from hunting arcs and drive like Steve McQueen. Uncle Jessie of Denver Pyle was also the moral center of the family. He always insisted the boys did good, even at their own expense or embarrassment, while making sandwiches and coffee for housework. They have always done the right thing and had a kind of serious naivety that was quite appealing. We wanted to be more like them than we, sorta. My favorite gimmick from the show was that they always buckled on before they started yelling, which was apparently too moral for this movie. <br /> <br /> By transforming the Duke family into a pack of laughing, crafty, criminal thoughts The film has no moral point of view. The show was all about how honest or incorruptible the dukes were. Should the duke guys be good people in this movie? I wanted to punch them both in the nose. It seems that they have plenty of free time left on the farm to pursue less than noble goals if they do not behave like two 14-year-old boys who are not yet adults. There should be no marijuana use, no boozing, nubile students and their breasts, no creamy men involving the Brothers in da Hood. All this looks like the work of a marketing consultant who did a poll in the mall about what 14-year-old boys like to see in movies. The problem is that 14-year-old boys can not remember the show, IMHO should not even see this movie, and the parents who may feel nostalgic for the show will become what the writers, directors, and producers of ours are have done collective memories, disgusted To separate us from our money, I feel the same way. What did you think ??? <br /> <br /> And boy, they * EVER * Daisy misunderstood. Jessica Simpson, dressed like a Pamela Anderson Mall slut, may be the only reason to see this shame, but you can take care of her needs by downloading some advertising stills from her, printing them and using them in a restroom fasten to the wall. She's barely in the movie (that's the only salvation of the movie), and the ten or so minutes they were using her were still overkill. Catherine Bach's daisy may have had the same kind of shorts and the long legs that make people laugh when they just look at her, but the daisy she played was a * PERSON *. The Pratfalls she had caused by being just who she was had an almost natural sound. It is still one of the incredibly sexy pop culture icons ever created, but it was someone at home. And most importantly, she was a sweet, caring person who could not help herself when the Ga Ga Ga over her. In contrast, Jessica Simpson appears fake, fictional, make-up, disguised, posing, aloof, bored, out of place, and I do not think she looks that good in outfit. It does not look like a person, but a plot that is summoned during a deal with a representative of their agent. Ms. Simpson would be wise to fire this person immediately and pretend that it never happened. Whatever the joke, she is not there and is abused for T & A. If that's all she wants from her career, the leader produces the sequel, if only to ensure adequate screen time, because that effort was just pathetic. For two tickets and a Slurpee, you can pick up an original box of original shows on DVD from Warner Bros. The whole family can look at them together. That's why it worked. The only real purpose I can see in the movie could be that it will be used as a hearing instrument in Guantanamo Bay in the future. Twenty minutes of it and they sing a chorus. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I'm serious. And stay away from the bionic man, you snooks.
