In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousins ​​Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) operate a moonshine that was created by their uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) while serving as the local authority boss Avoid Hog (Burt Reynolds). Their problems with the boss begin only when they learn that he has decided to drive out the city for valuable ores that are below it. <br /> <br /> I've never seen the TV series, and after watching the movie, I'm not going to start soon. I like stupid comedies, but they did not laugh much. It was a pretty boring picture, because the first hour was really hard to sit. The second part was a bit better, but this movie was still a missed opportunity. The film focused too much on Bo and Luke. The characters were generally not very interesting and the performers they portrayed were not very good. <br /> <br /> The acting was not very good. I did not expect it to be good at first, but none of the leads was very funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville show below-average performance. The latter was quite good as a Stifler, but he tries too much here. The latter seems only to look for a paycheck and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not known for her acting and not really for her singing. She is famous for her own reality show and for saying really stupid things. She is pretty, but she is a weak actor. It does not matter because she does not really appear in the movie and the character she plays is not complex or anything. Willie Nelson also plays a subordinate role and he does not do anything special. <br /> <br /> The script was written by John O'Brien and he made two films before the Dukes of Hazzard. The first was Cradle to the Grave, which was okay. The second was Starsky and Hutch, which was pretty funny. He does not do a good job here because the story is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that made the movie work better. The movie is also quite long for a comedy. Okay, 106 minutes are not very long, but it feels so much longer, because in the first hour there is very little humor. I think comedies should be kept short, or they need to find a lot of material to cover their entire life. The Dukes of Hazzard barely have enough funny jokes to keep going for 30 minutes or 106 minutes. The car sequences were average and they do not save an already troubled movie. In the end, Dukes of Hazzard may appeal to some people, but most people will probably find it boring, and it's better to just skip it. Rating 4/10
