Film upgrades of old television appear to be the norm these days, but that disrespectful toilet humor, you-kiss-your-mother-with-the-mouth-dirt-language, rip-off is a blatant middle finger all Dukes of Hazzard fans north and south of Mason Dixon line. From the opening sequence, in which Bo and Luke Duke make a moonlight run for Uncle Jesse (no glamor on the show, as the boys would go back to jail as a parole offense) to the final sequence of Uncle Jesse, the governor of Weeds Smokes Georgia (Uncle Jesse was the moral compass despite his previous moonlighting methods) This disappointing waste of film is an open insult. I can not tell you how many parents got up in the first 15 minutes of the movie and removed their children from the theater when they realized that they had been dreadfully deceived. The Original Dukes of Hazzard was a family show with basic moral values. The Original Dukes of Hazzard was a kid, sure, Hemi-motivated, a show that's fun, that parents did not have to worry about teaching their children George Carlin seven words. I've read reviews that say the show and the movie are just racist. These commits could be correct in relation to the movie. These commits are ABSOLUTELY wrong about the show. If anything, the show was about how to get along with ANYONE and be friends with him. Hollywood is finally open to their contempt for those of us, Yankee, Rebel or any other who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family, and the right, even if it's not the popular thing. Hollywood has finally brought to light the belief that we humans in the heart of the country are stupid, uneducated, beery, cranky, garbage and garbage who will buy whatever piece of garbage they want to sell. Show the Hollywood elitists that they are wrong. DO NOT TAKE THIS FILM. Boycott the sponsors. Fill Warner Bros. 'email and snail mailboxes with complaints that we do not appreciate destroying one of the biggest TV shows of all time. Save your money and buy the DVDs of the original show, but whatever you do? DO NOT TAKE THIS FILM
