At some point in 1998, Saban had acquired the rights to produce a brand new Ninja Turtles live action series. As a fan of the TMNT that day, of course, this was my interest. When I started watching the show, it was an understatement to say I was disappointed with the end result. Some time later (more like lately) I had the chance to revisit the show. <br /> <br /> First of all, a few positive aspects. They managed to reshape the turtles' shelter, as seen most recently in the movies, given the limited budget they provided. This dark atmosphere tends to be overall in terms of sets and so on. And while the turtle suits were not the best puppetry and so on, they were functional and pretty sturdy for most of the action stuff that would follow in the series. People tend to complain that they are getting rid of Shredder quickly and replacing him with those original villains that could easily have been used in a Power Rangers show. But you can just beat Shredder so many times before it gets boring and undermines its value as a villain ... and besides, most fans do not know or do not remember, or just ignore the fact that it's in the original comic, the Shredder was published in the very first issue! Do not forget the countless resurrections that would follow. From a personal point of view, I was somehow glad that they got rid of Shredder, because then the anticipation would increase to the point where they would bring him back in a later episode. I think Shredder works best in small quantities, because then his encounters with the Turtles are all the more memorable. Unfortunately, they replaced him with these original villains, for whom, as I said, a Power Rangers Show seemed more appropriate than a Ninja Turtles show. And with these new magical-looking generics comes a new female magical-looking turtle, the infamous Venus De Milo. I will be honest; I never felt with her. I am not against the idea of ​​a female turtle. I am simply against the idea of ​​a man who uses magic and, like a marvelous sight, stands out among a clan of ninja turtles that appear outside their domain. I almost have the impression that this could have been the Venus De Milo show dealing with their apparent enemies, and the TMNT are just there to keep up with the star power (or whatever is left, if you have the Considered timeframe in which it was published). Fortunately, they all share the limelight together. <br /> <br /> Next Mutation was canned after a season, and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. Given the time and maybe another season, I really believe that this live iteration of the TMNT could have been something and possibly had a chance at greatness. But while the idea was correct, the execution was flawed (though there are some good episodes in this series). As it turns out, Next Mutation is one of the curiosities in Turtledom that is best left buried and forgotten.
