Dr. Hackenstein begins around the turn of the century, to be exact, '1909 The Beginning of Modern Medical Science'. Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is at an early stage of his experiments on the rejuvenation of living tissue. Dr. Hackenstein manages to bring a skinned rat back to life, confirming that he has managed to bring the dead back to life ... Now it's "Three Years Later" & Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) is at dinner in the Doc's house. While Dean Slesinger and Dr. Eating Hackenstein, they talk about Hackenstien's experiments against which Dean Slesinger was always against. Dr. Hackenstein shows Dean Slesinger his laboratory in his attic, in which he keeps the severed head of his late wife Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker) in an unfortunate "accident" and can telepathically talk to him (Christy Botkin apparently gives the voice to Sheila). Dr. Hackenstein also shows Dean Slesinger a skinned chicken running around in a cage, explaining that he will bring Sheila back to life with the process he has developed. The Dean has a kind of seizure and apparently dies. Meanwhile, sisters Wendy (Bambi Darro as Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox) as well as her brother Alex (John Alexis) and her cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) drive near Hackensteins house during the crash. They seek protection and support and come in front of Hackenstein's door. Dr. Hackenstein invites the four stranded travelers to stay overnight. Later, Dr. Hackenstein attended by two grave robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey), who supply a male body when Hackenstein actually needs female parts for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein is the genius that he decides not to waste the opportunity to have three young beautiful specimens available and begins to borrow the bits 'n' he needs to finish Sheila ... <br /> <br /> Richard Hackenstein surprised me positively. I immediately said that it's brilliant of no imagination, but for what it was, I really liked it. It moves at a reasonable pace, even if it wears off in the middle when things calm down. The script tries to mix slapstick humor like a scene in which dr. Hackenstein tries to stop Melanie, and she tries to grab the attention of his deaf housekeeper Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn) by throwing her off with a hint of Gore, but I would say Dr. Kelly. Hackenstein is more of a comedy than horror in conception and feeling. There are some sticky puns and sexual allusions that are always good for a laugh. Hackenstein to Wendy "Would you like to see my instruments" as an example. I also thought that the scene in which Mrs. Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reported her missing daughter to the confused detective Olin (William Schreiner) was a rather amusing episode in which the circle talked about why he was not looking for them Even though he only has just One has said why the cell has no prisoner in it and that if he does not find the cousin, not to worry about it. Nothing is flat, laughs loudly, but I have to admit that I smiled occasionally and found the movie as a whole to be quietly amusing. There is not much on the screen, a few severed limbs, Sheila's decapitated head, medical sutures, and these skinned animals, which by the way are definitely fake. I also liked the characters in Dr. Hackenstein, which in itself was surprising. Acting is not awesome, but to honor everyone, they go to great lengths, exaggerated facial movements and serious exaggerations, it's never boring, oh, and the three birds in dr. Hackenstein are fit, if you know what I mean. Technically, the film is also OK, once again he will win no Oscars, but I have to give the filmmakers at least some recognition that they have tried to create a turn of the century. It does not always work, the clothes are sometimes divided, the girls look like the Victorian England, while the boys look like from the west. The house looks like all filmmakers are removing all modern objects from the room and putting a few candles in it! It's a bit cheap, but it's not really a bad looking movie. Without the comedy music, I could have got along. Overall, I have Dr. Hackenstein much more enjoyed than I thought, although that is not a recommendation in itself. It's certainly not the best horror movie ever made, and it certainly is not the worst. A worth seeing piece of harmless fun.
