There seems to be a very good reason why I have never heard of "Dr. Hackenstein" before me, and a few colleagues accidentally tripped over it and stupidly decided to give it a try. The reason is: it's shit! It is a very meaningless, boring, idiotic and absolutely unforgettable horror comedy / parody. To be honest, I'm not even sure if this was meant as a comedy, because the script sometimes takes itself very seriously and really strives to be a really ambitious and original horror of the late '80s. In 1909, at the dawn of a new era of medical science, after the opening sequences, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein exactly three women. no more and no less ?? to renew his beloved wife, whom he accidentally killed. She's just a living head now, but the dumb Body Snatchers only provide male carcasses. As Dr. Hackenstein yells, "I need three female bodies to bring my wife back," his words are not even cold and miraculously three young women (and a really annoying Nerdy kid) with car problems on the doorstep Why does not this ever happen to me? "I need some sexy, voluptuous women to fill up my empty harem !!!" ?? See nothing! Anyway, the good doctor sees his wish fulfilled, but unfortunately? for science that is? he develops sympathy for one of the three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a lame film that seeks to capitalize on the success of "Re-Animator" and even steal some of the comic aspects of this classic, like a severed head that speaks one-liners. It's easy to see why this movie is not mentioned anywhere because it does not appeal to either fans of horror or the comedy genre. The funniest character is undoubtedly the loud female grave-robber Ruby; presented by the anti-cherubic Anne Ramsey. The horror fans of the '80s will surely remember her of Wes Craven's "Deadly Friend," where she played the evil old neighbor beheaded by a basketball. "Dr. Hackenstein" probably takes place in the early 20th century, but there are few attempts to restore the atmosphere of that time (except perhaps for some automobiles). Dr. Hackenstein's lab is a pretty stereotypical '80s set with all kinds of smoky cauldrons and test tubes filled with fluorescent colors.
