Somewhere in his non-fiction book, DANSE MACABRE, Stephen King suggests a secret to the horror of scary stories is to avoid showing your readers exactly what a terrible thing is waiting for them behind the door. When the door finally opens and a three-meter beetle is ransacked, the reader may be a little scared, but he'll also think, "Well, I can handle it, at least it's not a hundred and fifty feet." There's nothing more scary than that which is invisible and unknown, just on the other side of this tightly locked door, just waiting to catch you. <br /> <br /> THE HAUNTING is so completely misunderstood that director Jan De Bont is more or less convinced he starts his film by opening the door himself metaphorically and shouting, "Look everyone, you see! It's a two-meter beetle! Is not that scary ?! " The law of reduction returns at once. At the end of the film, the director jumps up and down, pops his CGI pots and pans as crazy and hoarsely shouts: "Look, everyone, look! Here are ten hundred meter beetles! ... and now come here a hundred thousand feet tall Beetles! "<br /> <br /> The filmmakers apparently believed that special effects alone could compensate for all other shortcomings in this endeavor (and there are many). You can and not. As impressive as they are, the special effects are so stubborn and intrusive that the distracted viewer stares at them - whether in admiration or anger - rather than delving into a story. <br /> <br /> For me, the bottom line is the sheer stupidity of this movie, when a statue with "blood" gushing out of its mouth tries to drown Liam Neeson (as Dr. Marrow) in a well. The filmmakers obviously did not know what to do with this alleged idea, so they just let Neeson splash around in the water a bit, beat his arms and drool. At the next scene the good doctor evidently dried himself and, um, forgot all about the annoying incident. Shirley Jackson's novel seems to have been embedded in a ridiculous script by a committee of low-IQ teens who thought the way to scare people was to make each effect bigger and louder: "Okay, next we'll do that Blanket, you look like a scary face and come down to her ... and all those spiky things lying in bed. "<br /> <br /> The only salvation of THE HAUNTING is that it's finally becomes so terrible that it's actually funny. By the time Owen Wilson (as Luke Sanderson) fell to the ground and then did his magic carpet ride O 'Death, I nearly fell to the ground and laughed. Badly built, funny grotesque and hard, absolutely unbelievable and full of chunky dialogues and pointless scenes, this vague HAUNTING is a textbook example of how to make NO horror movie.
