The Haunting, if you've seen the original, you know a great ghost story, it's perfection in the movie. It's a haunting story of 4 people who go to a haunted house and frighten people with the simple trick of sound and movement. It remains effective until today if you appreciate the movie. When The Haunting was redone in 1999, many people had the same reaction: "WHAT? WHY? WHAT?" But in my opinion, if a remake is respectful enough and the story for the newer generation just reinvented, I'm pretty cool with it. This is definitely not the case, this is just an irreverent boring shame that wastes your time and I guarantee that you are not afraid of it? pfft! PG-13, what do you think about? Not much, apparently. <br /> <br /> When her mother dies and her sister drives her away, Nell receives a phone call informing her of an ad for a study of insomnia that was diagnosed by Drs. Upon arrival, Nell meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange pair of caretakers who do not stay on the property after dark. Shortly thereafter, two other participants in the study arrive, the wild Theo and the "Bad Sleeper" Luke Sanderson, along with Doctor Marrow. Doctor Marrow is unknown to the participants, the true purpose is to investigate the psychological response to anxiety. Every night, janitors concatenate the gate in front of the Hill House, so no one can go in or out until dawn, when janitors open the lock. Hill House has no working phones. The nearest town is several kilometers away. Doctor Marrow indulges in the story of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built the house for his wife, hoping to fill it with a large family full of children, but all of Crain's children died during childbirth. Crain's wife killed herself before the house was finished, and Crain became a hermit. On the first night, Theo and Nell experience strange phenomena in the house, including unusual noises and inexplicable temperature fluctuations. Nell is confronted after the main hall has been vandalized with the words "Welcome Home, Eleanor". He is extremely disturbed and wants to prove that the house is being persecuted by the souls of the victims, who are affected by Crain's cruelty. She learns that Crain had built up his fortune by exploiting abducted children for slave labor and murdering them if they no longer benefited him. Then he burned the corpses in the fireplace of the house to hide evidence. She also learns that Crain had a second wife, Carolyn, from whom Nell descended. Everyone thinks they are crazy, while Nell is convinced she belongs here. Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and pointless. Not to mention the actress of the played Nell, Lili Taylor annoyed me completely, her performance, her looks, all about her, does not turn me into things I would do just to keep her from seeing her again in the movie. Catherine Zeta Jones just did not fit into her role and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor, wasted talent again. The effects are exaggerated and too computerized, I just can not believe that they would destroy a wonderful classic with this quark. Believe me, if you're scared of anything, you're scared to see how you can turn a big ghost story into a nasty piece of confused nonsense. Oh, this movie hurts, just do not see, it's bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
