For all those who have seen and loved the stage musical A CHORUS LINE, the film is an inferior replacement. Not only songs are cut, but unnecessary twists are added, new dance sequences are choreographed, and Richard Attenborough does not know how to film dancers. Michael Bennett's A CHORUS LINE was just that: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift to Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours of hard, realistic realism that really made you feel like these "boys" and "girls". However, the film lacks empathy and depth: The actors look as if they are singing for A CHORUS LINE rather than actually auditioning. Every movement, every line of dialogue seems to be weighted and planned. Michael Douglas, especially since Zach has too much control for us to believe he is this exceptionally bitchy choreographer. Even if he throws his tantrums, you never quite believe him, for every gesture, every accented word, every nuance is so obviously rehearsed. And what does not dance him: Kevin Kline spoke for Zach on Broadway. Michael Bennett loved his reading, but Kline could not dance and eventually lost the role. How I wish you had done the same for Douglas! A CHORUS LINE is supposed to be a show on Nobodies, and apart from a few identifiable faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway as Sheila and Khandi Alexander from TV NewsRadio as one of the many dancers) I should not know any of these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in one of the roles is a dreadful decision: focusing on Michael Douglas and his chatter, rather than the girls and boys in the line and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> It's really sad that the best sequence in the series (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) has been drastically cut to a terrible new song titled "Surprise, Surprise "To make room, which surprisingly received a nomination at the Oscars. Cassie's "Mirror Dance" has a new song and a tragically boring choreography - one wonders why they even made a movie version if they were so much concerned with a working formula. <br /> <br /> For fans The musical theater and those who enjoyed the stage version are a sad mockery of everything they value and love. For those who have not seen the original production on Broadway or on tour, this movie is the only reference they need to contact. And they'll wonder what the longest-running musical in Broadway's history could be - until a small show called CATS in the late 1990s overtook them. But that's another story and does not make me start there.
