I am not a stage tracker. A film could have been made from this piece, and it would almost inevitably require changes ... comme ci, comme approx. The modest imaginings of this material, however, are lost or used by the creators of the film, who are in the "flat blockbuster" - Mode, misunderstood. It would be hard to imagine a worse director. Maybe only Josh Logan and Jack Warner could have ruined it the same way Astenborough did. <br /> <br /> Onstage A chorus line was a triumph of workshopping as a production method. Dancers who took a casting call sat around shooting the crap about their stage career experiences (very '70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took some time, gave them a song and gave them as themselves ... amazing! Incredibly Modern ACL's "story" is (again) about answering a casting call for a piece that we never have a complete view of because it does not matter. It was a meta-time before the idea was invented, 25 years before adaptation was botched with a similar idea. ACL has also been another trend in a reductivist trend that is still alive and a hallmark of modern creativity: this technique itself is compelling ... that there is more drama in an average person's life than you could ever synthesize with fictional characters , What a lovely idea. The stage piece had a performance area (an empty stage) and three different ways to change the scenery, to ease the visual boredom and not to distract the audience. The room retreats and the stories of the actors are illuminated. It worked well. That was the point. All these ideas are trampled or distorted. There were also no costumes and no costumes until the dancers came for their last bows, in which the thrilling "One" is finally powerfully performed in full (golden) hats and tails with puffs. We recognize because we saw them in practice sessions. The pent-up fear of the game is solved - and the audience went crazy. <br /> <br /> After Grampa has solved this problem, it is like a bushy, strangled bird. He clearly has in mind the earlier, respected All That Jazz (and Fosse's stage play Dancin ') as he makes his decisions. Hamlisch's score was nervous and interesting for his time, but the time was not friendly. It's as greasy as "Jazz Hands". And that's before Attenborough ever touches it. He is remarkable when he has found out what is still good and what is left. <br /> <br /> A simple question Attenborough might have been able to help film: "Could I stand to spend a few minutes with such people myself?" A major theme for any adaptation of the piece is how the fourth wall of the theater (crucial to the absence in the theater) is treated in film format. There has never been a "frontal" game. The answer they came up with was, "I'm sorry ... what was the question?" The cast has been expanded from a manageable number of unique narratives into a crowd that stifles itself and the audience and mixes their raging selves. I had far exceeded my annoying threshold, as this annoying little Runt swayed across the stage on a rope and stared at the (absent) audience. The play got you to understand theater people. You just want to choke her on this movie. <br /> <br /> Broadways may be annoyed that the characters go straight to the middle of the stage and sing their stories to the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of referring to other characters here. But the worst revival of the piece makes you feel more alive than in this movie. <br /> <br /> A Chorus Line is a pure hit.
