On Broadway, A Chorus Line was pure magic. From the second, the show opened with a spectacular burst of energy to the truly grand finale, a joyful curtain of all the choral conductors we learned to love throughout the show. We were totally engaged - fascinated by the intense personal stories some weird, some smart, some rousing from this chorus line. The movie is a completely different matter. The focus is now on the director - and what an ogre he is! Each time the movie moves to Michael Douglas, he is with a bitter, sour expression on his face, barks up questions and orders, screams and roars whenever he gets the chance. Yikes !! That changes the dynamics of the story. On Broadway, the director was indeed a splendid off-stage presence, but he was also a kind of theatrical apparatus to tell the stories of these amazingly strong / fragile / fascinating / funny choir members with insight and clarity. There is a reason why this work won the Pulitzer Prize! And in one of the few moments the director appears, he's here to comfort the young Puerto Rican dancer, after hearing the heartbreaking story of this dancer. He seems to express again his sincere affection for Cassie. But in the film, the second Douglas director begins with bitter commands, and the stories of the members of the chorus line become secondary. It's as if they were in a bad job where a daring director, rather than showing the joy of creating a new thrilling theater show, is exhausted, exhausted and angry because he has to audition these Chorus members. On the stage there was ALWAYS the excitement of the show. Here in the film, practically from the beginning, everyone is sorry. In the course of the musical, we desperately wished each and every one of these singers all the best, and how happy we would have been if they all got the job! Of course, that could not happen. But in the finale, when they all came back in splendid costumes with these amazing, rotating mirrors on stage, they sometimes reflected us in the audience, in our hearts, and we know, even in the hearts of all those choir members, that both accepted and They were always on stage and danced in a profession they loved so much, and put on a show. In the film, this magic, after all the misdirected lines of action and the emphasis, completely watered down. All we feel (even with the same curtain) is that some members have gotten a job with a minded director. So everyone comes to the screen and dance again. Big thing.
