For those who have never seen A CHORUS LINE on stage and their only preoccupation with the story was this movie. This film is OK as a movie musical, nothing special, just OK. I saw the show four times on Broadway and even auditioned once for a touring company on the show and for someone who learned the original production pretty well by heart. The movie version of 1985 is so terrible on so many levels that I do not even know where to start. First and foremost, for those who have never performed for a theatrical performance, I want to assure you that the director, producer and choreographer never asks questions personally and does not care about why you wanted to be a performer. A real rehearsal, be it a play or a musical, rarely takes more than five minutes. When auditioning as a dancer, you'll see a 64-bar dance combination, instantly, and you'll decide immediately whether to go in or out. Michael Bennett's original concept of the show was to make the lives of the dancers more concrete and introduce the uninitiated to the passion for performance, and why so many sacrifice so much for so little. The play is about these dancers. At first, director Richard Attenborough focused so much on the dancers that he strengthened the Cassie / Zach relationship and cast Michael Douglas as Zach. In the piece you NEVER see Zach ... he is just a voice in the back of the theater and his relationship with Cassie is barely touched. Cassie showed in the cab how she had tried to audition, and upstairs, when she was talking to Larry (a character who does not even play in a play), everything was added to the movie and so much focus was put on the story , Important music numbers have been shortened or reconsidered. The opening number in the song "I Hope I Get It" shows all dancers playing a combination of jazz and ballet, and then people are eliminated. In the film, they jam three hundred dancers on stage and show them in close-up to cover up the fact that they've thrown people into the movie who can not dance (you can say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love," a brilliant vocal exploration of the yellowish childhood memories of these dancers was reworked as "Surprise, Surprise", primarily a vehicle for the late Gregg Burge as Richie. The most famous song in the series, "What I Did For Love", which was a touching allegory of the entire cast about what they're going to dance on, becomes another standard love song in the movie, tired of an Allyson miscast Reed is played like Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the film is boring and uninspired and does not obstruct Michael Bennett's original staging. When you're shooting a movie about dancers, the choreography has to be special. There are some good dancers in the movie, the previously mentioned Gregg Burge as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones as Judy, but they are barely given the opportunity to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers, who can barely chewing and chewing gum at the same time, gets one of the best numbers on the show: "Dance 10, Looks 3". I admit that the final "one" is dazzling, but you have to wait for almost two hours. I'd say if you never saw A CHORUS LINE on stage, this movie might be worth a look, but if you're a fan of the original Broadway musical, you're scared ... you're scared.
