*** THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILER (S) *** <br /> <br /> I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I worship him in all other ways. He also has his own fan site with "Chuck Norris Facts" which is really entertaining. But this movie looks like it was fun for the audience to put all these "facts" together in a movie. I really can not remember when I wasted my time more than with this "action". I do not know what the worst thing this movie can offer you is: unoriginal and a thousand times made conspiracy by terrorists trying to smuggle the US into smuggling nuclear weapons on US soil or maybe those "great" dialogues and chucks Words of life and everything else. Someone may find the worst that terrorists actually speak English in their everyday lives. It's an endless list of crap. Not to mention the huge amount of archive material used in the movie, that's kind of annoying. The chief terrorist sends a message through the media to his comrades when he is captured, and the only one who is smart enough to see the treat is: Chuck Norris, of course. No one else in America is smart enough to see that! And the whole action of conquering chieftains is just ridiculous. A man is sent through a whole terrorist camp. UNLARMED (I lie, he had a KNIFE), escapes his hunters with JET PACK and then slides a few hundred, maybe even a thousand kilometers to the nearest shore (Afghanistan border is 450) km from the nearest bank), where he Boat is saved. I was hoping it would be good to fight scenes, but that's even weirder than the plot. If you did not know that 85% of the terrorists are masters of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO beat them the fuck. Not only do they effortlessly kill them, they can kick and throw them away with a single motion, and the bad guys fly like puppets a few feet. You may ask me if I have seen this movie to the end? I did. Why? Because I just wanted to see who of these two superheroes will defuse the atomic bomb of a few hundred megatons and the size of a MIKROWELLE. And then I realized what an idiot I am. Of course, it's Chuck's movie, after all. And he not only defused Nuke with tweezers, but he does - TWICE! I could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I would spawn all my life. <br /> <br /> So the creators of this movie made another Chuck Norris fact that should be added to their website: Can Chuck Norris defuse nuclear bomb? Yes, and he can do it twice!
