While shooting a 1980s horror movie titled "Hot Blooded," the director is brutally murdered, and the lead actress is frightened as she survives the attack and kills the killer. After all, the production is abandoned and the supply rolls can be dusty. Thus, a group of filmmakers decide to continue where the movie left off, though people warned them not to go to the movies because the last person interested in the film turned up dead in the movies while he was watching saw the movie. For this reason it is called cursed production. Not taking these warnings seriously, the crew continues with the production, causing the movie's original star to return from Hollywood to repeat her role, not as a daughter but as a mother. But again, the murders begin when the cast and crew are slaughtered by an unknown figure disguised as the movie's killer. <br /> <br /> See what "Scream" started! Hey, I like those movies, but mostly everything else that followed was annoying and pointless excuses. At this stage, the sub-genre returned with revenge, but it was not a good thing, as it was mostly unsuccessful and unrealistic attempts to follow the derivative pattern of the Scream franchise. "Cut", an independent Australian interpretation of the textbook Slasher genre, is purely shonky garb, which basically lacks everything and shamelessly demolishes every second Slasher movie. But, you know what? I found it a cheesy joy. Yes, it's awful and very forgettable, but it's a bit cheaper fun as long as it lasts. I hated it when I first encountered it, but the second time I knew what I was getting into, and it worked better. It was just like I was serving a nice piece of cheesecake again, but this time it was not so cute. <br /> <br /> The movie was released at about the same time as 'Scream 3' and 'Urban Legends: The Final Cut', all of which follow the same structure of using a movie within a movie. "Scream 3" is obviously the strongest of the three, but I would actually see that trash over Urban Legends: The Final Cut. However, it seemed more of a relapse for the 80s than that of Scream's bastard offspring. Pretty much the movie is being treated in B-grade and that shows in the script and in the performances. The dialogue is really unimaginative and hardly brings any surprises and tension. While the performances are a pure ridicule, Molly Ringwald takes over the crown for it. She plays the washing-up actress who returns to end the damn movie, and I had a blast with her ridiculously ridiculous send-up performance. She gives the bite and nails it perfectly. The rest were mostly recognizable Australian TV stars (if you're an Australian), with a gorgeous Jessica Napier who led the cast with Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts. Also pop singer (and alleged actress) Kylie Minogue makes a cameo appearance in the opening just to get hacked! Kind. For the most part, these teenagers followed the formula of horny and moronic children who have nothing better to do but get killed. Sometimes it feels as if they are just waiting in the queue because they have no real substance to be there. <br /> <br /> The plot starts quite interesting, then it goes into a mysterious phase where red herrings pop up, but then makes a sudden turnaround where it becomes a kind of satire in the horror genre. It's just a bit choppy and when it comes to the explanation for all this madness, I somehow thought to the left. Oh my. This is when it tries to turn back on itself, but it is sad. But do not just love an opening end. It also contains some pop culture references and a self-referential, winking approach. The predictability is felt pretty early, and the jokes can sometimes be overrated, but she knows she makes fun of herself. The atmosphere loses its edge a little, because the humor eliminates the desolation, but the isolated large old villa in which they are filming has some nice touches that make 'something' haunting. The cinema scene is also pretty nice. <br /> <br /> Well, now we know that we want nudity and nudity when watching this kind of movie music, but unfortunately there is no nudity to be found and the gore is pretty much normal but it's more than decent for that a low budget movie. There are one or two creative deaths, but the rest is systematic. The killer was not bad, but when he spoke, it hurt somehow, I thought. Well, the smart ass attitude did not suit me well. Another dazzling touch of production sufficed with the cut-away cut, the out-of-place soundtrack and Kimble Rendall's guidance lacked execution and was rather carefree, but these contributing factors work together to give the whole thing a sheer chat badness. <br /> <br /> The fantasy is in line with the budget, but damn it, this lousy Slasher did not try to be anything else. Pure stroke, which is a bit amusing!
