I have to admit that I laughed a few times in this trivial holiday movie of 2004, but he is already leaving my short-term memory. Ben Affleck, once a promising comic actor who was involved in Hollywood's advertising machinery to turn into a career that moves more toward tabloid obscurity to develop itself into a romantic leading man. To judge from this film, the transformation does not seem to be, as he still lacks the gravitas that would make him credible in such areas. While his buddy Matt Damon takes on smart roles in films like "Syriana," Affleck appears in this commercial daddy. At least the superficial character of the successful but lonely advertising expert Drew Latham suits Affleck better than most of the other roles he has tried. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mike Mitchell (whose most tester 1999 film "Deuce Bigelow: Male" is Gigolo ") and of not less than four writers (always a bad sign) staged the weak plan revolves around he had to rent a family that lives in his children's house to his imagination to live Christmas from the Old fashioned the need of his character, never. the concept is actually fascinating because there is something to say about the cathartic release of sentimentality that we everyone should get them to feel in the midst of excited commercialism around the holidays around. the real problem, however, is that the movie feels like an extended sketch, which still lacks neither logic authentic emotional resonance. Affleck seems to be in full swing, trying desperate to be lovable, but the end result is an exhausting twist on an actor who has an increasingly annoying habit, dum to play people in ill-conceived films. Fortunately, there are James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara, who play Valcos, the couple that decides to accept Drew's bid to call themselves his parents. Gandolfini plays Tom like a rough, naked man-violent relative of Tony Soprano, but he does what he can in the role. From her classic SCTV days to Christopher Guest's mockumentaries, O'Hara is always a comic book, no matter what the vehicle is, and it comes as no surprise that as Tom's wife Christine, she makes the best laughs, whether she's dry One-liner delivers or in for a domina photoshoot. In her standard role today, Christina Applegate plays her suspicious daughter Alicia, who of course becomes Drew's love interest. Despite some good moments in which she enjoys the illusion of playing Drew's sister in front of his girlfriend's family, her character seems to change in flashing flashes, making it difficult to see what Drew would see in her. The story is in the last third completely out of control, with one situation on another, until the storylines are briefly linked. It is rumored that much of the film was improvised because no script was finished. It shows, but I have to admit that I stick to it to the bitter end.
