I feel that those involved in "Surviving Christmas" did not think much about the movie. The characters are so contradictory and the plot makes so little sense that the movie was played like a rough draft of a script that uses little but the one-liner concept of a rich man who pays a family to spend Christmas with them /> <br /> Ben Affleck portrays Drew Latham, the typical Hollywood image of a wealthy, selfish advertising man who buys his way through life. His girlfriend Missy leaves shortly before Christmas because she is disgusted that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, which she calls "the family vacation," and the fact that Drew never introduced her to his family. Later we learn that Drew's father left at the age of 4 and his mother died. So it's a mystery why he does not just say that he has no family, instead of allowing his girlfriend to believe that he does not care about his family. <br /> <br /> Afraid to be alone at Christmas, Drew senses Missy's shrink tubing (why, I have no idea) suggesting that he perform a forgiveness rite in his childhood home. When he meets the family that lives in his childhood, the Valcos, Drew offers them $ 250,000 to refer to as his family so he can relive his beautiful childhood memories. He gets mad when he later finds out that they have an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate) because he has "no sister" and even goes so far as to write a script for the family so they follow them sooner like his "real" family. None of this makes sense as soon as Drew reveals that he grew up with no mother but his mother. Also inexplicable is the character of Alicia, who is annoyed that her family accepts Drew's money and refuses to play along with his imagination. But for no good reason, she suddenly starts liking Drew, and in a few minutes, it's no longer about hating his courage, but about acting like his girlfriend. Drew is such a complete idiot throughout the movie that even his sad story about the lonely Christmas of his childhood causes no sympathy; I almost wish he'd finished with, "I'm just kidding! The real reason why I do not see my family is that they all have an order against me!" (2/10)
