I think this movie was overrated here. There are some things to admire; On the one hand, it deserves the credit of being a science fiction film (ISH) based on its story rather than special effects and action sequences to carry the day. The cast is good, the stage design and cinematography are good and the ideas are interesting enough (though they look a little tired after the many mediocre Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones of recent years). The film, however, is reversed by poor characterization, wooden performances of the lead actors, and a ridiculously bad ending. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had was that the protagonist was neither sympathetic nor unwanted. I realize that part of the story dictates that it should be a bit of a (wait and see) cipher, but I could not arouse any empathy for a character who was just like a boring, anonymous punch from a man , What character transformation there is for this sad sack is forced on him by the conspiracy artificially. The main character Jeremy Northam manages to convey that the protagonist is confused and unhappy, but does not give him sympathy. Lucy Liu does what she can with a character who has no personality of his own, unless the embodiment of a spy cliché is part of the personality. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest disappointments in this film is the end. I will not give any spoilers here, but I'll say that a surprising twist was telegraphed quite clearly at least 45 minutes before it happened. After being content with being a bizarre, idea-oriented movie for the first hour, the final scenes suddenly and horribly turn into the worst kind of Hollywood Pap, complete with big explosions and special effects. Uncovering the movie's McGuffin at the end is poorly done, and in the end, the characters seem even less sympathetic than before the release of some of the film's main threads. <br /> <br /> The movie is not all bad but still. Despite the slow pace, he manages to maintain a degree of tension for the most part (though I think I have an above-average tolerance for slow films). And there are moments when the unsteady paranoid feeling that director Vincenzo Natali has clearly tried to bring to the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the flaws in the film's acting and script. There's probably a good movie that covers the same topics and ideas, but it's not.
