Let me first say that I mostly like Renny Harlin's directorial style and that the cameraman is recommended for some shots. Unlike Harlin's "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2", which I really liked, this movie is missing something. This, my friends, is a script. The dialogue in films like this is always pretty terrible, but this one takes the gold medal for stupidity. There are so many horrible lines in this movie that I do not have to remember any of them. Not only that, but the execution of the lines is pitiful and seems more suited to bad porn than action-adventure. It's almost as if Harlin thought that if they slowed down the words, they could improve the script. Wrong again. <br /> <br /> The sad part is that there are talented actors thrown into worse roles with worse dialogue. Stallone has never been my favorite, but when he circles around Lithgow, Turner, and the worst rookers, there's something wrong with this picture. Lithgow played one of the best villains in "Ricochet" but seems like someone who can not save his life here. How is that possible? I've always been a big fan of his and he's being trained in acting education by Stallone, who himself has called in his performance. Turner's role is so small and meaningless, but she still looks lost on the screen. Michael Rooker CAN act. I know that because I saw it in Days of Thunder, but it seems he reads his lines of cue cards. Did it happen? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes together in which they speak, I just wanted the movie to end there, or they both amazingly find their acting skills. Unfortunately none of these things happened. <br /> <br /> Which brings me back to Harlin, who may be the only one who is really responsible for this mess, except the scriptwriters. It's his fault I never got involved in this movie, because he should have got people to act. The script is not very good, but it's the actors' performances that destroy this movie, and that's up to the director. I do not care how much was paid for the special effects, which for the most part are good. Still, you can not sacrifice the movie with terrible actors. <br /> <br /> Also, the tempo of this movie seems to be running out. The opening sequence was good and the plane scene was very well done, but how are you supposed to handle the result of the robbery? I mean, I understand that they were trying to create excitement with all the bells of the aviation scene, but I really did not care if they had the money in this scene or not. If the bad guy had won earlier, maybe I would not have had to experience any of the worst movies ever!
