After seeing "Driven" on an airplane flight to America three years ago, I really believed that I had seen the worst movie ever made, and I could relax knowing that I would never be so much in front of a screen would suffer. Unfortunately, as I found out last night, that was not the case. Revolver is so terribly bad that I actually think about recommending it to friends, just to not feel like I'm the only one stupid enough to look at it. It's really amazing how much this movie with the constant falls completely in his face, and I CONSTANT voices of the main characters, with completely indecent, presumptuous nonsense! I actually got mad at the movies and listened to Andre Benjamin's utterly merciless droning for half the movie while I kept thinking about it - what would Turkish do with this complete wit of gangsters / cheaters, whatever he was, when did he make his offer "? I will tell you what. He would have told him to fight back, blow his head off, and watch with the utmost disdain as his equally inappropriate partner waddled as fast as his chubby little legs would carry him. I mean, what should we believe, go through Jake's head, if they offer him a "solution" to his problem? They are cheaters, so obviously they must also have the ability to cure incurable blood diseases! I mean ffs. Does he not begin to wonder why his symptoms are not getting worse? On the third day, the Penny does not let up on what happens instead of having Richie subject the audience to a painfully patronizing call from Avi to Jake to let him know he was cheated. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I can add a little positive note to the film by giving way to dry humor, thankfully offering a similar standard to its previous films. Bulls ** t! This movie does not try anything as clever as saving yourself through some time-amusing lines, oh no. It somehow managed to be so catastrophic that I actually did not hear so much about a packed movie theater? and everyone who knows the UGC in Sheffield knows how full a main screen can be and not a single person smiled. Maybe he never wanted the movie to be funny, and yet you can still make good gangster movies without comedy, but what was he going to do to hang this movie? May I ask? The unnecessarily confusing plot! ?? I sincerely hope not! By far the most satisfying moment I went through last night, I heard the very loud sighing from ALL directions of the audience as everyone was desperately praying for the end of the movie. It was also quite amusing to see how fast the guests fought and raced after the exits, after realizing that it was over, and they were free of their agony! <br /> <br /> I'll round it off (I've got to finish, the writing makes me angry again) by continuing to work on the "end". I mean, shit! The end. No, I'm sorry, I can not, you just have to see it. It can not be put into words, it simply can not, and once you've seen it, you'll know why. Uuhhhhh ?? Shiver ??
