The movie "52 Pick Up" just does not work. See it, if you're interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or someone in the grandiose cast, especially John Glover, who is admittedly brilliant. But the book - a slow-burning noir thriller with a lot of mush - should have been translated into an Oscar-competing movie instead of this guy who could not figure out whether he should faithfully portray the hard-nosed, scratchy crime story or opt for a Schwarzenegger Shooter from the 1980s. After relocating the scene from the original locale to the book, Detroit (an area where Leonard has lived for years and knows very well) to Los Angeles, there is a significant problem that Leonard has in his screenplay tried to fix, but ultimately can not. It was, for example, a clever way to turn Mitchell's wife into a councilor (she did not have a job in the book), if you think about it: That's the only way you could plausibly blackmail someone in a sex-hot city like Los Los Angeles for adultery or anything Kind of possible sex scandal. Even so, in a more conservative Eastern state like Michigan, it is more plausible to believe that a) his tiny porn industry is a dingy, money-hungry hell in which three losers despair of a not-so-stupid upper middle classmate undergoing a mid-life crisis, and b Adultery alone could be something that could blackmail someone if their upright careers and old-fashioned wives could not cope with the shock. As consultant Ron Jeremy will tell you, Los Angeles in the 1980s was a colorful, stylish porn mecca, more like the movie "Boogie Nights" than Leonardo's dark, shadowy world of hijacked tourist buses, dingy dwellings and drug deals in depressed urban misery. On the other hand, Los Angeles could be the background of such a story, if you arrange the scene more carefully - there are still many dark corners and psychopaths. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider's Harry Mitchell appears in the movie as a sexy, handsome-looking superman who dances through his troubles without sweating. In the book, he fended off a union representative while struggling with a failed business. During the war, he also had a skeleton in the closet, where he caused a friendly fire that he was responsible for, but it seemed he never dealt with it. The stories of Elmore Leonard usually have a central image that involves a bizarre politeness between criminal and law-abiding citizens. Harry Mitchell, sitting in his office with his extortionist Alan Raimy, handing over his financial books and negotiating a more practical ransom, makes this picture so central. Glover's extortionist plays the scene with convincing intelligence, but Scheider portrays the victim here as a cocky "good guy" who is responsible for the situation, as if he were more of a Rambo with an M-16 than anyone who barely floats over water, while his world collapses around him. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst conclusions ever made, considering all the thoughts that went into the original story and then into the movie. Raimy is caught in Mitchell's Jaguar and blown up with music from the brass band along with a sadistic monologue by Mitchell. He plays in front of an audience that wants the "sweet revenge" of a Chuck Norris movie, not the intelligent, well-balanced world of Leonard's book Mitchell escapes in the end and the conflict between good and evil could easily go both ways. I left the theater, shook my head and was depressed. What a talent waste.
