David Chase's "The Sopranos" is perhaps the most lauded TV show lately. The series is not only intellectual and dispassionate, it also has no soul. As anyone who probably already reads knows, James Gandolfini * IS * is Tony Soprano, a big, fat hole of a mob boss with a spoiled baker of a woman and two daring, crapy kids living in. You guessed it - the armpit of America (by the way New Jersey). Tony is not just a female adulterer, he's also an incorrigible killer with a crew of "Saturday Night Live" sketchy caricatures for subordinates. It's not the fact that Tony is a bit of a gangster who insults me (and apparently only me). American television barely allows who and what they are without judgment. But Chase - and his wake of money-lashed, emmy-gored writers - have not just allowed us to watch Tony and his crew behave, and have not even tried to get a sense of the action / reaction reality of (even obvious ) fictionalized) organized crime (a la "The Godfather"). Instead, Chase glorifies and endorses his characters' greedy, violent and corrupt lifestyle the same way as Tony, his wife and even his hair-obsessed psychologist week by week (or should I say it month after month or year after year) the series' sparse 13-series seasons feature the same regularity as a lunar eclipse. Much has been said about the series' refusal to adhere to the "network" structure, with plots that go nowhere, and characters that appear and disappear like backyard vermin. But if the show is so brilliant in its structure, why does it always feel like I'm seeing a soap opera? Tired mob stereotypes, bored housewives, selfish, irrevocable characters AND conspiracies that go nowhere. More than ever, I can see why so many Americans are Italian heritage on this show. It's enough to relax with a good book (Danté's "Inferno" comes to mind). <br /> <br /> The people of IMDb claim that there is nothing good on TV and therefore "The Sopranos". is a breath of fresh air. Are these people too busy paying their cable bills to watch The Shield? (It's included in Basic, you know). How about the (still good) "The West Wing"? Or the brilliant (albeit unpredictable) Boston Legal? What about the perhaps best comedy of the last decades "Arrested Development"? And so we do not forget that we live in an age of DVDs - nobody * has * something * new * to watch. I'd rather spend $ 40 on an overpriced box set of, well, pretty much * everything * than HBO gives $ 10 a month (or $ 80 per DVD set!) To continue to prove how much of a hackmill It may be. <br /> <br /> You want good TV? See "Murder: Life on the Road". Or "murder one". Or "picket fences". Or even Chase's previous show "Northern Exposure". If you're already part of the "The Sopranos" legion of brainwashed fans and critics, it's too late for you. If not, leave Tony and his worthless relatives where they all belong - and rot with the fish. ("Sleeping" would be too nice)
