Seriously, I can easily endure a lot of screen blood, gore and rejection, but what makes the movie really disturbing and uncomfortable is the way in which the doctor's doctor repeatedly robs of the physical harm done to raped women , He, John Cassavetes of "Rosemary's Baby," speaks of broken uterus, dry intercourse, and massive loads of reddish (?) Semen, as if they were the most common minor ailments in the world of medicine. Apart from that, "Incubus" is ultimately a strange horror. It is not necessarily terrible? although it is not very good, either? but just funny. The muddled and incoherent script initially revolves around the hunt for a rapist killer of flesh and blood (though the title clearly indicates the involvement of a supernatural creature) and it never seems to stop introducing new characters. None of these characters, especially not the main character, looks sympathetic and seems to have dark secrets for some unknown reason. The doctor mentioned above has a strange interpretation of daughter love and behaves constantly as if he himself was a suspect. The city sheriff (John Ireland) seems to be in a constant state of intoxication and does not even seem to care about who raped and killed over and over again. The women in his district, the reporter is even too funny for words and the Galens (an old witch and her grandson) are just scary. All together, they desperately try to solve the mystery of who or what exactly destroys the women of the cities, who reproduce the organs. The sequences that build on the rapes and murders are admirably atmospheric, and the heinous acts themselves are bloody and disquieting. Basically, these are very positive factors in a horror movie, but the narrative structure is too incoherent and the characters are too disagreeable for "Incubus" to be a really good movie. There are also some boring parts that you can fight through (such as recordings of a Bruce Dickinson concert!), And John Hough's normally very reliable direction goes almost unnoticed. The last shot, however, is downright nightmarish. For me personally, "Incubus" was a disappointment, but there are still enough reasons to recommend this weird piece of the early '80s horror for open-minded genre fanatics.
