A young couple, Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) relax on a beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to play practical jokes together. Mandy hides in an old rundown cabin, is attacked and raped by an unknown attacker. Roy tries to help her after he hears her screams but is killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new to Galen after the death of Sam's wife. Sam is called by police chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy are found. He performs the autopsy on Roy and treats Mandy for her terrible injuries. Soon after, a curator at the local museum called Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) is also attacked and raped. A local journalist named Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) reports the events and suggests to Sam that a similar series of rapes and murders took place in the city 30 years earlier. More rapes and murders occur. Meanwhile, Jenny's friend Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) had strange dreams and nightmares and is convinced that he has something to do with the terrible deeds. Tim's story and digging into the city's past make Sam believe in the existence of a creature known as the Inkubus - a form-changing demonic entity that exists only to reproduce! Directed by John Hough, this is a really boring horror movie. The screenplay by George Franklin, based on the novel by Ray Russell, is slow to say the least. Nothing interesting or exciting happens, and it ends with one of the most boring events I've ever seen, and it ends suddenly, frustratingly. As the story progresses at a snail's pace, there are some rapes, but none is displayed on screen. There is also only one scene in the entire movie. The monster itself is only shown at the very end and has three short scenes. Everything about this movie is very static and flat in production, the movie has neither energy nor tempo. Acting is boring and you do not feel or care about someone. Look at the scene in the autopsy room, where you can see the boom microphone several times at the top of the screen. The kind of garbage horror movie you'll forget in a day. A real waste of time, do not worry about it.
