Stephen King is well known for the disease, and that's fine, but this story is too sick. In some movies you end up feeling sad about the characters or the situations in which they've been through ... here you just feel depressed. The movie has a nice feeling (at first), the family moves in and the spooky old Fred Gwyne greets and warns her in front of the pet cemetery, but this conspiracy leads nowhere. It starts with so much potential, but in the end it loses the potential to become a good horror movie and gets hackneyed, extremely stupid and ultimately depressing. <br /> <br /> Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage and their cat move to a new home in Maine. They are warned by the crazy farmer neighbor Jud (Fred Gwyne) in front of the local animal cemetery and how this one is cursed. Louis thinks nothing of it and everything is fine until the family cat is killed. He buried it in the cursed cemetery and he comes alive, constantly hisses at the family and wants to be left alone. One day, Baby Gage runs into the street and gets hit by a truck and killed. Louis knows he has to bury him in the cemetery. When Gage is brought back to life, he is changed and wants to kill. <br /> <br /> With many of Stephen King's works that do not translate well into movies, I accuse the directors and screenwriters. In this case, Mr. King was the scriptwriter, but I'll blame him for his terrible story. In the end, it's so pointless, and though it's not funny, the premise is ridiculous. A little boy comes back from the dead and manages to kill people with a tiny scalpel, and not only that, but manages to lift their bodies and, in one case, carry a body from the floor to the loft! (I know this is not reality, but seriously, how stupid can it be?) The scene in which Louis sprays his dead, now living cat is strangely sad because the cat did not deserve this What he did was to take care of his own affairs and he killed it The scene in which he spits his own son is almost unbearable - not unbearably sad, but the whole situation is just terrible Why did they have to make a movie that ended with the death of a child, but even worse, the real end of the movie where Louis buried another (who did not reveal should), in the cemetery, after Gage killed her ... what did he expect, why did Mr. King write this terrible story and why did it make a movie out of it? It's depressing and pointless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * out of ****. 90 min. R for G Ewalt.
