This movie is a Pia Zadora special! Looking at it, I was reminded of the classic cartoon featuring a Hollywood star. urgently need another role, but are afraid to be typed for B-movies or soft-porn roles; Who says to their casting: "Of course, I usually do not do roles that require nudity, but if it is artistically necessary for the film ...". This recollection produced a very naughty picture of a similar animated cartoon in which Pia was shown in such a session: "Of course, I usually do not take roles that require real acting, but do I really have enough exposure to my status as sex to improve symbol .................. ". This is probably grossly unfair, the rather dirty story is the fault of Harold Robbins book; Given the nature of the story, Pia's exposures certainly do not receive excessive attention, and perhaps Pia (who once won an acting award in Butterfly) is deliberately satirical, rather than trying to act in an almost unplayable role. Critics usually refer to the actors as a problem first, when a movie proves disappointing. However, this is grossly unfair. The scriptwriters and the director are far more often the culprits. The real problem with "The Lonely Lady" is that the script, like the original book, looks for sensation rather than substance and can not help. <br /> <br /> The script for this film is miserable, but whether the story could have been filmed more successfully with a better script, tighter direction, and truly competent action must remain a matter of personal judgment. At the time of publication, my viewers depended on whether I assess my personal opinion or estimate the extent to which the film manages to achieve its goals. My personal rating would be two out of ten; However, to a certain extent, this film is likely to deliver exactly what its sponsors intended, and on that basis a quality rating of four out of ten would be appropriate. If I am in a charitable mood and want to make it clear that I am not blaming Pia for my disappointment, I will award an IMDb rating of four.
