Paul Armstrong is a liberal, Scotland-born law professor at Harvard known for his passionate rejection of the death penalty. He is assigned to take on the case of Bobby Earl, a young black man from Florida sentenced for convicting the rape and murder of Joanie Shriver, an 11-year-old white girl. Earl claims his confession for the crime was obtained by a sadistic police officer under duress, and the real killer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer who has already been sentenced to death for several other murders. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his cell on death row, hoping to convince him to confess to Joany's murder and rescues Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> At first everything goes well. Sullivan confesses and Earl is released from prison when the appeals court overturns his conviction. Since this development takes place shortly after half of the movie, at this point the alarm bells will ring in the mind of the beholder. "Warning, big conspiracy!" And that proves it. The expected twist materializes soon. Earl, it turns out, is indeed guilty of the crime he's just been acquitted of, and probably of several others as well, but with Sullivan he's devised a vicious plan to secure his freedom; Sullivan will confess Joania's murder when Earl assassins his parents. (Only why Sullivan wanted to see his parents dead is never explained exactly). Armstrong now realizes that he himself is in danger from the man whose life he has just saved. Earl has a grudge against Armstrong's wife, herself a lawyer, who used to act as a prosecutor's attorney in an earlier case when Earl was charged with rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of car cannibalism in which Hollywood sometimes likes to be happy by putting together a movie by recycling topics and plotting devices from a number of others. The first half has an obvious blame for movies like "Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; The only difference is that the sheriff beating a confession from Bobby Earl himself is black, whereas he would have been white in previous films. (Police brutality is now an equal opportunity activity). The central phrase in the storyline was borrowed from Costa Gavra's "Music Box," though the revelation in this film does not last until the end. The final, in which a lawyer, his wife, and his young daughter are endangered by a former client, is an obvious plagiarism of the two versions of "Cape Fear," which also take place in the wetlands of the American South. Ed Harris's characterization of Sullivan as a religious maniac from the Bible is a direct imitation of Robert de Niro's character in the Scorsese version of "Cape Fear," written four years before Just Cause. <br /> <br /> (Just as "Just Cause" has borrowed heavily from several other films, her central room for maneuver was blatantly plagiarized seven years later in the Ashley Judd vehicle). High Crime "). <br /> <br /> The problem with this kind of pay-per-view filmmaking is that the resulting films are generally much less distinguished than the ones that inspired them, which is usually much less than the sum of the parts, and "Just Cause" is a much smaller movie than any one that has been weakened to it.Harris is usually a talented actor, but this is one of his weakest appearances, mainly because he plays less a character than de Niro, playing the role of Max Cady, Blair Underwood is fine as Bobby Earl, the (allegedly) innocent young man of the early scenes, but as Bobby Earl, the murderous psychopath of the later, unconvincing Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as the black one Sheriffs are better, but no one is good enough to save the movie (Connery and Harris should work together next year in another, better movie "The Rock") . <br /> <br /> There is another problem with "Just Cause". The first half of the film looks like a standard liberal film, anti-death penalty, anti-racist and criminal critics. The second half resembles more the work of a hardened reactionary announcing the message that all criminals are evil bastards and that the only way to deal with them is to fry them on the chair, and that liberal lawyers are the useful idiots of are criminal brotherhood and that police officers who beat up suspects are to be honored as heroes. Fortunately, the filmmakers did not seem to know that the turn of the action (presumably unwanted) introduced casually into the middle of their film had an effect on reversing their political stance, or whether they were aware of the problem, they ignored it. An intricate conspiracy was obviously seen as more important than political coherence. 4.10
