Sexo Cannibal, or Devil Hunter, as he is well known among English-speaking readers, begins with actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner), who, together with her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn), sift through the filming locations of her new film. After a long day of work Laura relaxes in the bathroom of her room when two very dubious characters named Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans) break in and abduct her after being supported by the treacherous Jane. Laura's agent is abducted by Peter Weston (Al Cliver), who has learned about the situation. The kidnappers have Laura on an isolated island and demand a ransom of 6 million. Peter is told he will get 200,000 to get her back safely. Another 10% of the 6 million, if he brings that back, faster than a rat in a drainpipe, in which Peter & his Viet Nam vet buddy helicopter pilot Jack are the island and the decision on how to save Laura. So the kidnappers Laura & Peter have the 6 million, but no one wants to give them so much. To make things even more complicated, this isolated island hosts a primitive tribe (hell, in all the generations they lived there, they just built a straw hut, that's now primitive), which is a cannibal monster type (Burt Altman) with bulging eyes as a god with human sacrifices & this cannibal has a penchant for young, white female flesh & intestines ... <br /> <br /> This Spanish, French and German co-production was co-written. Directed by the prolific Jesus Franco, who also receives the recognition for the music. Sexo Cannibal has gained a certain reputation here in the UK when it was on the list of "Video Nasties" under its alternative Devil Hunter title in the early 80s and was therefore officially classified as obscene and banned because I have no idea why is a bad movie and even Franco, who is not afraid of a turkey, decides to hide under the pseudonym Clifford Brown. I imagine that even the most die-hard Franco fan could find it hard to defend this thing. Franco's script, I'm sorry, I mean Clifford Brown & Julian Esteban as Julius Valery, who was obviously someone else who was less impressed with the finished product and wanted to remove his name, is terrible. It's so easy and uncomplicated. For one, the movie is so boring that it is untrue. The Abduction Conspiracy is one of the most boring I've ever seen without causing the slightest tension or excitement. The horror side of things does not improve as we get a big black with stupid, oversized, bloodshot eyes, and two tame cannibal scenes. Since the horror film Sexo Cannibal fails and as an action adventure has no more success, this is to be avoided. <br /> <br /> The director Franco shows his usual incompetence throughout, a decapitated head is reached by a reclining actor, the bottom is laid with large leaves around his neck, to give the impression that he is attached to nothing! The cannibal scenes are bad, the action is lame and there are endless scenes of people walking by chance through the jungle going from 'A' to 'B'. They do not do anything when they arrive there. It gets incredibly boring and boring to watch after about 10 minutes and not to forget that this thing continues for 94 minutes in the uncircumcised state. I also have to mention the hilarious scene in which Al Cliver is supposed to climb a cliff. Franco turns the camera over and lets Cliver crawl on the floor! Just look at how his coat hangs and how he never clings to anything while he's pulling himself! The blood is not great, and as far as the cannibal films are concerned, it is very tame, there are some brutal close-ups of the cannibal's mouth when chewing pieces of meat, a man is skewered on spikes, there is some blood and a handful of intestines. Sexo Cannibal & a nasty rape scene has a lot of nudity. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal must have a low budget & I mean low. This is a bad, poorly built movie with terrible special effects and extremely low production values. The only decent thing about it is the jungle that seems at least authentic. The music is shitty and the sound effects are annoying, because whenever the cannibal is on the screen, heavy breathing occurs. The acting is shitty, the whole thing was obviously called anyway, but nobody in this case can do anything. Sexo Cannibal is a horrible movie that makes the fatal mistake of being boring as hell. The only good thing I can say is that it has a kind of dodgy atmosphere. Anyone looking for a decent movie experience should limit Sexo Cannibal as much as possible to avoid one.
