In the days before the Toxic Avenger, the low-camp kings of Troma Films tried to take the high road (OK, a little less deep) to produce Slasher images. I would like to believe that looking at the results here has led them to abandon all presumptions and opt for a confident parody. Splatter University is another movie for the masochists in the audience. While it meanders through two different occupations and innumerable pointless subplots, it will actually be painful to watch. Let's see if I can summarize. <br /> <br /> After learning that a dangerous psychopath escaped from a local hospital, the action moves to a Catholic university (I do not remember the name, but in honor of the title) we call it St Splatter). The students are listless and grumpy and argue negligently, before their time. Meanwhile, new Professor Julie Parker proves that she is completely incompetent. The children deal with relationships, infidelity, unwanted pregnancies, prurient priests and the avoidance of work in the classroom. Julie deals with a creepy friend, the inflexible administration in St. Splatter, the advice of unmarried mothers and the expressionless, expressionless looks of their students. None of this means a damned thing or is solved in a meaningful way. Oh, and now and then a POV shot comes and kills one of the girls to death, but do not hold your breath to wait for it. There is a Red Herring killer and then a sad anti-climactic confrontation with the Real Killer. Then it goes back to asylum and roll credits. <br /> <br /> The slow tempo and the numerous inhuman subplots almost seem to create a growing sense of frustration in the viewer, aided by choppy editing, canned-can sound quality, and dialogue that makes no sense , And the most agonizing thing about this film is the murderer's fixation on women - the men in this movie are just so deserving. I had paid good money for someone with the pregnant girlfriend to have someone from the jerk, or Lothario the Lunkhead, fumbling with his girlfriend's roommate, or one of the creepy priests. There is no justice.
