Colleges, high schools, fraternities and sororities have been the most popular stalking reasons for crazy madmen since the Slasher cycle became a popular cinema culture for the first time in the late 1970s. Even backwoods huts and campgrounds have brought the gun to the massacres that have been taking place on campus since Halloween since Halloween classified the genre as a cult horror category. From early submissions like To All a Good Night to big tracks like Urban Legend or Schools Out. Mostly a campus slasher lurked in the pipeline. Although they were picked up by Troma - the titans of B Movie Badness ?? Splatter University went down a lot during the release and never really got an audience. Even notorious hack-and-slash sites like HYSTERIA-LIVES have written off Richard Haines splatter yarn as one of the worst of the early 1980s boom. I'm always optimistic about criticized films, because there's often a chance that some bad reviews are unfairly contagious like a gripped dose, which overflows the judgment of some authors. <br /> <br /> It begins in the traditional way in place, where every maniac worth its salt arises. Yes, did you guess? a lunatic asylum! It would appear that one of the inmates has decided that he is dissatisfied with the service in the facility and therefore wants to move his business elsewhere. The invisible spinner makes his break after the jump-off to an unfortunate order in which the sun certainly does not shine. Obviously, he prefers the clothing sense of the murdered worker, so he takes the liberty of borrowing his uniform, bloodstained pants, and everything! Three years later, we move to St. Trinians College, an educational institution controlled by Catholic priests. A teacher is busy hours to work with her students when someone suddenly knocks on the door. Before she can figure out what the unseen visitor wants, he sticks her in the chest with a kitchen knife and she falls to the floor in a bloody heap. This, of course, means that there is a place vacant at the university, and we are introduced to Julie Parker (Francine Forbes), the lovable successor to the recently deceased lecturer. It seems that their arrival unintentionally gave the madman's inhabitant the motivation he needs to hold a battle without coercion. It does not take long for students and teachers to fall like flies to the camera-shy threat as he pursues the corridors and surrounding areas with an exceptionally large blade. Suspicious suspects abound, but can Professor Parker solve the campus murder mystery before it becomes another statistic? <br /> <br /> I'm not sure how many versions of this movie are available. The UK-modified video was released under the pseudonym of Campus Killings, but the US copy I own states that it's a complete, unedited output that could mean that somewhere censored printing is hovering. I would be quite surprised if that were the case, since Splatter University is certainly not as tasty as the hyperbolic wrapper makes you believe. One or two liters of corn syrup will certainly not stand up to the Gore Hound test when compared to Blood Rage or Pieces. In this case, the movie is a little over the top. What many critics have not mentioned is the charming lead performance of Francine Forbes, who carries the entire picture on the shoulders during the entire 79-minute runtime. Despite amateurish instructions from Richard Haines, she still reveals a great potential that should have given her the chance to strike back at serious action under a more experienced helper. Unfortunately, this possibility never came, and barrel bombs like Death Ring and Splitz certainly did not help to boost a talent that could have dramatically improved under the right scholarship. The Rest of the Actors For the film, the movies were an absolute insider tip, especially the wood-paneled teens who, for a strange reason, acted as if they were auditioning for a remake of Grease or The Wanderers. The moor standard and shooting range could not have helped to build much trust in the project, and the fact that the few signs of potential were undermined by the writer's cumbersome handling left the feature virtually unsolvable. The only claim to originality found in Haines Slasher is perhaps the courageous attempt of opposing inference. Let's just say, it's not a finale that I expected to experience in a movie so typical of the cycle. At one point in the run, one of the teens says, "Man Parker is bored with crying?" The same goes for Splatter University, which never sets the tempo above slow motion. Nevertheless, Francine Forbes has found a delicious Queen of the Fairies whom I would undoubtedly have paid to see her in a similar role again. That pretty much sums up that uncomplicated ride. Slow, sloppy, but still strangely enticing; You would have to forgive especially to give a chance?
