I bought the BLOOD CASTLE DVD for a few bucks on eBay, without knowing what it was, and I can only say that I was not disappointed with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those trashy European horror movies that has almost no redeeming quality, except that it's thoroughly entertaining for all the bad reasons. The opening alone was worth the price of the DVD: Our heroine, Dr. Ing. Ivanna arrives at the castle where she is to help a scientist, Baron Dalmar, who is performing experiments on dead tissue. On the way to the castle, a man attempts to rape Ivanna. 2) The housekeeper of the castle fights with her. 3) The maid wants to see her dead. 4) and finally Baron Dalmar almost spits them out and wants them out the next day. Hmm ... something tells me that she is not welcome. On such a miserable arrival, you'd think Ivanna would leave the place in a NY-minute, but no, like so many great trashy movies, decides to stay our "wayward" heroine and even enjoy a candlelight dinner with the grumpy one Baron on the same eventful day. The intro is so exaggerated (it's even more than the memorable first few minutes of this Canadian film JUNIOR) that I knew I would enjoy that. <br /> <br /> But the fun does not matter. It ends there. Ivanna is repeatedly drugged when she goes to bed at night to wake up from unconsciousness, naked, handcuffed and tortured in soft sessions by S & M by an invisible man. Even after these nocturnal S & M sessions, Ivanna remains in the castle, convinced by the angry Baron that what she experiences is nothing more than dreams. Even if he was treated so poorly from the beginning, Ivanna falls in love with the baron. Ivanna completely ignores everything negative about him, including the obvious fact that the grim baron is popular with the young ladies. Every woman in the castle (it seems only women work there) is in love with the miserable fool who does not take advantage of the pretty young things. Things get even darker as someone wanders around the property killing (and killing) women. Basically, the physically disfigured brother of Baron Igor is responsible for everything. In a very lengthy scene, the brother warns the baron that he should not get involved with Ivanna too much, otherwise he would bear the consequences. What do the Baron and Ivanna do with it? Well, of course they marry! During the very short wedding ceremony, the baron is shot dead by one of the angry natives (father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not deter Ivanna, who, in spite of all the dead young women and the torture that surround them, comforts the wounded baron with joy, that "it is only a flesh wound" and the two can enjoy their honeymoon in the castle. where the killer / rapist / torturer brother is. The whole thing quickly becomes a nightmarish love triangle between Ivana, the Baron and Igor. Blame for the love! <br /> <br /> In any case, you get the idea: it is not subtle. Almost everything is overly ridiculous in this film and if it is not OTT, like the foreseeable climax, it gets a bit boring. But for the greater part of the film, the director or writer indulges in one illogical, trashy moment after another. I love this kind of film very much, all so subtly, as if I was hit with a sledgehammer on the head and populated by characters who act illogical. Even those who made the Retromedia DVD know this, and when you go to the Scene Selection section, we hear one of the funniest dialogues in the dubbed, endlessly synchronized movie. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​can be beautifully increased. The opening and closing loan with these candles and red curtains ... ah, a soup of the class. The music sometimes sounds like something out of a Tim Burton movie, which only adds to the strangeness of the whole. And as is usual with such films, when the young women undress, they are simply begging to be killed. <br /> <br /> As a standard movie, I rate this as a 2, but as "it's so bad." It's a good movie, I think of it as solid 8 stars. If you like trashy films, please look at them. You must have seen something like that. The only thing I should think about: what would it have cost for this woman to leave this crazy castle?
