(different spoilers follow) <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly. Not Georges Guetary, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and unfocussed. Not Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for her very green performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who usually annoys me. <br /> <br /> No, it would definitely be Gene Kelly. There is something about his film personality that is too ambitious and focused to convince as a penniless artist in Paris. He is content to face the critics for an indefinite period of time, playing with small children and old ladies, and painting on the street. This has made him so effective in SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN and other films in which he played ambitious, concentrated characters. Jerry Mulligan is, in a way, a cousin of Tommy Albright's BRIGADOON, another Lerner story with Kelly Miscast as American, who falls in love with a quaint European place and an innocent woman who embodies her virtues. <br /> <br Just that Jerry is not as nice as poor stunned Tommy. That's another vile thing in this movie. Jerry is sometimes a friend of Milo and worse for Lise. When he sees the latter for the first time in a club, he pulls a dirty trick to make her dance. When she sits down again, he does an even dirtier trick to get her phone number. When he calls her the next day, she hangs up what he uses as an excuse to get past her job. And with all this it is obvious that she wants to do NOTHING with him. When she starts laughing at his jokes in the perfumery, that's about as credible as Milo's interest in his paintings. Sure, he looks good and is playful, but why should she influence that when she has Henri who looks like a gentleman? <br /> <br /> Granted, it's partly so disgusting, partly because of the actress. If a character like Lise was played by Judy Garland, for example, she would shower Jerry with indignant insults and glares. If played by Cyd Charisse, you would admire his courage. But when she's played by Leslie Caron, she looks like a shy, vulnerable teenager, and Jerry looks like a stalker. And why did they choose these other actors (though I personally would have preferred to change things through a change of leadership), when the whole story depended on the romance of these two young, poor lovers, who stretched away from their loveless obligations to older ones Solve people? Gene Kelly is not only a few years old about Guetary and Foch, he's old enough to be Caron's father. In short, I think it would have all been improved if a young comedy-style dancer was cast as Jerry, the kind that usually appeared in musical supporting roles ... like Ray MacDonald in GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van in KLEINSTADTMÄDCHEN. Maybe not necessarily someone like her. Someone who could have chased Lise and make it appear harmlessly playful; someone who would really have lived happily in that Chaplinesque hole in the wall; Someone whose humor and naivety was better than Oscar Levant's sarcastic grumbling. It would probably have made the ballet seem less cumbersome. And there might have been a voice that Gershwin could sing better. <br /> <br /> All of this can give the impression that I do not like Gene Kelly. I like him He was great in most of his movies, just not in this one (well and some others). I do not despise AAIP myself; It has good points, like the art direction. And Leslie Caron, who, despite her inexperience, is quite charming and really looks like she has just stepped out of a picture. Georges Guetary does a good job and his "Stairway to Paradise" is my favorite movie number. Nina Foch is beautiful and touching and should have ended at SOMEBODY. But not Jerry Mulligan. I would not wish her that.
