NB .: Spoiler inside. The assignment of an artistic director to an opera performance naturally and inevitably means that you get a piece of mind of this director. Conducting a Wagner opera, however, is a particularly tricky task, as he was perhaps the clearest opera composer in terms of things and how they should unfold. Hans-Jürgen Syberberg invites this film adaptation of Wagner's last masterpiece "Parsifal" with enough foreign ideas to make it almost bursting at the seams. You get more than one piece from the director: you get all the fat pig and more. Syberberg is admirable because it reveals the ugly aspects of German history. But is it about merging this wish with a Wagner opera that is already filled with its own concepts? <br /> <br /> The scenes with the knights of the Holy Grail in Acts I and III are particularly loaded with visual allegories and symbols. These come from Wagner's own time, from times long past and go far beyond. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich the vision of Syberberg for you (but not necessarily the vision of Wagner). If you do not know what they mean, they are simply confusing, if not annoying. I will not bother winding up the action of the opera here. Suffice it to say that this is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of various elements, in this case a mixture of the Holy Grail legend with the principles, practices and pageantry of Christianity. The theme of salvation plays the main role here, as in almost every Wagnerian opera I personally had to sweat to get through Syberberg's first act (in the midst of my brilliant acclimatization the music saved the day). But the second act accelerates. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil wizard who captures the wandering "innocent fool" Parsifal. The biggest seductress of them, Kundry, is used to lure him to the dark side. After an initial interaction with other symbols they will be removed, and the long, magnificent, morphing duet between young seductress idiot and really takes off. After all, the film begins to look like a real magic, and it's essentially because Syberberg sets things in a natural and simple way. Suddenly, the drama begins to work (the expressive actress Edith Clever and the lush soprano of the Yvonne Minton team to create a wondrous Kundry); Suddenly the music seems to come to life and bring the inner turmoil of the two figures to life. The camera work remains simple and quietly fluid. In other words, Wagner is allowed to tell his story more on his own terms. And it works wonderfully. For me, this was the most compelling part of the movie. With the reentry of the knights in Part 2 of the third act, unfortunately, the strange foreign symbolisms sneak in again. Some other crazy Syberberg ideas: using a huge Wagner death mask as the main set-piece (making the composer's salient proboscis strangely big); Dressing up the Act III Knights in all sorts of costumes, wigs, and make-up (as the director says, that the knights are a lot of buffoons?) That they express multiple or timeless levels of significance over their surface features - the insertion - shortly after the incredibly moving one Parsifal's Kundry baptism of rear-projection footage of the conductor, who in modern realism orchestrated his orchestra in the studio (which broke my dramatic thread, required a few minutes to regroup); the complete avoidance of time between files II and III ( if we meet the knight and "narrator" Gurnemanz again, he should be an old, old man, and Parsifal should reappear as a world-weary, but wiser middle-aged man.) The strangest stroke, however, is the division of the Parsifal character into masculine / Female Ingredients Some find this the most brilliant stroke, no doubt I can say Karin Krick, the "P arsifal 2 "plays with strength and dignity (she is also the best lip-synching of the entire cast). But please ... Wagner's concept of Parsifal is already so complex. His growth from a completely innocent boy, who knows nothing about his past, to his breakthrough in the second act, what Amfortas' eternal wound means and how it has become his own, until his return as the great savior of the third act. This is the journey of a masterfully constructed character. The bi-sexual emphasis is simple and absurd. (And what about that nonsense about a homoerotic gurnemanz and parsifal? Can not we just accept a mentor-apprentice relationship that is wonderfully reversed in Act III?) The Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty ( although the refrain is disappointing). But after watching this film, I wanted to get just my Solti-led consumption (HIGHLY recommended) and my Wagner orientation draw back in the right direction. The film experience was enough for me from bizarre to entertaining to annoying. Syberberg's merit is that he has created a visually fascinating work, and he certainly offers a unique interpretation of an important opera. But instead of sticking to "Parsifal", he seems to want to bring in all Wagnerians: the human being, the life, the enormous influence ... all in crude symbolic code. "Parsifal", the opera, is already full of important symbolism: the Grail, the spear, the Blessed Sacraments, the baptism, Amfortas' permanent wound, Klingsor's self-castration, the kiss, the curse of the Kundry and so on. Not to mention the musical * * symbolism that constantly sounds in the score, in the form of Wagner's leitmotif system. "Parsifal" itself is a huge symbol! To come back to my first paragraph question, Syberberg's entire pig is all too much for me. But if this project sounds like something that will inspire you, then do it. I will not recommend staying away from it; You can feel satisfied from the heart. Or if you need something to break your Wagner barrier, give it a try ... but please, please, do not stop here. "Parsifal" is in a late, very mature league for itself.
