I am aware that there is no statistical data that readily supports the correlation between video games and real life violence. The film is wrong and unreal because it totally contradicts what I wanted to emphasize in my original review. The movie fails, not necessarily because I really think these kids were influenced by video games, but because the movie sets it up as "random" and does not get through. Let me clarify. In Aileen: The Life and Death of a Serial Killer, you can see that her claim that the police are being controlled by radio waves is ridiculous, but she's so worried that she really thinks they're true. The viewer, however, can distinguish. In Zero Day, the two children repeatedly say that they are not affected by environmental factors, which is obviously wrong, because everything they do contradicts. Neo-Nazism talking to Wolf Blitzer about CNN (which is ridiculous, not just because they know his name, but a shameless attempt by the filmmaker to report on his bad movie). This film does not represent "reality", it only shows phoniness to prove a point. Unfortunately, you fell in love with the bait and did not see it, and you did not pick it up from my report. The entire film just takes Michael Moore's hypothesis and applies it to some "real life" to validate, and he fails, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the film is wrong and does not support it. Of course, I do not think children playing video games are more likely to kill people, but if I'm not mistaken, there are no videotapes of Columbine children (or some teen killers) firing guns in the woods and claiming how they did that a lot did they look or behave like the weapons in Doom? Hmmmmmmm, the difference is that kids probably know the media, are influenced, but are obviously balanced or intelligent enough that it's not even a problem. Zero Day is a bad movie, not because I really believe there is a correlation, but because the filmmaker does not know what he's trying to say, and the film does more to refute its point of view than to support it. It's almost as if the new reviews for video games annoyed someone, and so it came about that he got 'Zero Day' in retaliation. If you want to see the "mindless" teen killing theory go right, look at Bully.
