This review is for the film cut, commonly available as "Fury of the Wolfman". I understand that there's an uncut version out there with extra footage out there, and I'd hope it contained at least eight or nine crucial scenes that seem to be missing in the cut known as "Fury of the Wolfman." In short, the movie makes absolutely no sense. It's total nonsense and incomprehensible nonsense. Waldemar Daninsky, this venerable Lycanthropic antihero portrayed by Paul Naschy in a seemingly endless series of films, is obviously a normal guy who has just returned from a movie Journey to Tibet, where he was attacked by a yeti. Somehow that made him a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, scientist and instructor at a seemingly college. One of her female colleagues, Ilona Elmann, is involved in an indefinite form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes", a nonsense word that refers to a bundle of wires attached to the head of a victim. Ellman believes that this would allow her to "change the direction of the human brain," which of course allows her to rule the world, provided she can easily connect us to those wires. <br /> <br /> Elman is also into werewolves because she kidnaps Daninsky and takes him to her hidden lab. She has also caught a lot of other people there. Some of them look like gypsies and are chained together because they are in different brightness states. Others are clearly hippies. Elman believes that one day she may "help to become human again" (?), But in the meantime, she controls her with her chemo drugs. Waldemar becomes her hairy killer, wandering around like a werewolf zombie - until the filmmakers decide to use footage from another Naschy werewolf movie "Frankenstein's Bloody Terror" (not asking) where Nashy's werewolf makeup is located himself considerable and he staggers around like an animal. <br /> <br /> Does that make sense? No? Well. That's the salvation of the movie. It does not try to engage you on any intellectual level, it just goes along with any nonsense dialogue or cheap horror movie sets it can muster. "Fury of the Wolfman" is possibly the best Halloween party movie ever. You absolutely do not have to pay attention, and in fact you will be completely confused.
