I recently saw this little Magnum Opus on one of those dollar DVDs that seem to be everywhere these days, and I was so touched by it that I can not contain myself. For those who have never seen this mesmerizingly miserable Mexican import and would like to see it without the biased commentary of another commentator, there are undoubtedly considerable spoilers in the following. So if you're one of those ruthless people, stop reading right away and look at it. If you've drunk enough in advance, you might be lucky enough to lose consciousness before it's over. <br /> <br /> Start with the premise that a man can become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti. No one in the film dares to explain how this type of cross-implantation could take place, and the rest of the film is still hopelessly nonsensical. But pour yourself a glass of wine (or whatever you drink) and let us continue. Paul Naschy (our werewolf) looks like a man fighting toothache in a city where the dentist has exchanged his novocain offer for a cheap whiskey and has been drunk ever since. (Is not he the lucky one?) Nasha's expression never changes, whether in or out of make-up, and apparently nobody gave him instructions on how to behave like a werewolf. Occasionally he tries to imitate the Lon Chaney Jr. squat, but most of the time he just walks around in his black mafia shirt as if he's just a cool guy with a bit too much facial hair. To be honest, make-up is actually better than the actor, but continuity is infinitely worse. Naschy's werewolf is the only one I can think of who changes the shirt twice in the middle of a strip. He goes from the black shirt to the red shirt, then back to black, then back to red and then back to black, all on a single, insane night. Interestingly, he always hugs the Chaney in the red shirt and the cool guy walks in the black shirt. And only while wearing the red shirt do we see much of the anger mentioned in the title. Presumably, there is something about this red shirt that only brings out the animal in it. <br /> <br /> After being bitten by the pollinating yeti, the poor rut from Tibet returns home to find that his wife has done so, sleeping with one of his students. The two unauthorized lovers try to assassinate him by setting the brakes on his car. He survives the wreck and makes it just in time for a full moon. After chewing his wife and lover, he leaves and somehow manages to get himself electrocuted. But is that enough? Can you let this torment rest in peace? No chance. He is revived by a supposed scientist with a hardcore S / M fetish known as "The Doctor" (and definitely not a new incarnation of Doctor Who). She digs him up and hurls him into her dirty castle, puts him in the dungeon, chains him to the wall and gives him a damn good fight. Presumably, such a series of humiliations should be enough to make every wolf man a little angry. After his double-breasted rage, our Wolfman spends most of the remainder of the film trying to wander the lock to find a way out (and who can blame him?) During his wanderings, he encounters a confusingly disjointed set of clichés, including one dressed in medieval armor Man, a strangely inappropriate phantom of the opera imitator (allegedly the father of the doctor) and a hard man cadre of bondage slaves. <br /> <br /> So, what is it that can reasonably be asked? One has the vague idea that it has something to do with mind control, and includes something the doctor calls "chemotrodes". (Best guess, I really have no idea how it's written, if there's anything like that.) Luckily, the experiment ends in failure, and most of all, it ends ... before you have time to gnaw off your own leg. <br /> <br /> Of course you do not really expect a movie like this, but at least it should be good for a laugh. This is not. Forget it, buddy. There is a creeping kind of anarchy about this film, from its blended tequila-infused ambience to its hideous cinematography and agonizing music score, which defies even the weakest attempts to make any MST3K-type laugh. If it's not even good, what's it good for? If Montezuma's revenge somehow remastered digitally and put it on a DVD, he would have looked exactly like this movie.
