"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" is a completely independent storyline that does not seem to fit with the previous Waldemar Daninsky films. Some have commented that this film should take place before the events of "Werewolf Shadow", even though it was later released ... they may be right, I'm not sure. In this film, Waldemar Daninsky in Tibet is bitten by a Yeti-like creature (great dialogue here - "It was a Yeti, but that's impossible, I'm a scientist and these things do not exist." It was a hallucination.) That's all. And even though he is marked with the sign of the pentagram, he can prevent the transformation into a werewolf until he discovers that his wife has betrayed him. He turned one night into the beast and killed her and her lover before he was hit by a storm and hit by electric shock. It does not take long for him to be revived by a university professor in domina who performs mind-control experiments that are inconceivable. He is taken to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects live like chained animals. <br /> <br /> First - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, whatever you want to call him, he is a fine actor and passionately cared for his work. No matter how flawed these movies are, you can always count on him to get a decent performance. The rest of the cast seems good enough, but it's hard to say if they've dubbed a half-hearted voice-over across all the lines. And that was really the main problem for me ... Many of the speakers who used them were terrible, terrible, terrible. Whenever I chuckled during the movie, it was the inappropriate way they delivered their lines (they always seem to call the hero "Waldeman"). Unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find subtitles from Naschy films, even though they are sometimes available without subtitles in the original language. <br /> <br /> The direction of Jose Maria Zabalza seems to be a hit. In some scenes, there are some great visual ideas, while others are poorly constructed and poorly edited, especially in the final scenes, when it really matters. The reason was that Zabalza seemed drunk most of the time during the set. He allowed his fourteen-year-old nephew to rewrite Molina's dialogues, used extras without his permission, and edited several shots from Molina's earlier films. All of this has pretty much ruined the chance that this movie was one of Molina's best works, and it's no surprise that the two never worked together again. <br /> <br /> But it's not bad news, as here are some good ideas. Some aspects of the plot make an interesting psychological drama about the werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and anger. The idea "werewolf as yeti" returned in Molina's later work. Something terrible and surreal continues in the basement, and there is also a very memorable sequence in the middle of the film, in which Daninsky runs from house to house through a village slaughtering or molesting innocents - a scene is particularly intense, but it is indeed taken directly from Molina's first film "La Marca del Hombre-lobo" along with a few more shots. On the whole, I found the movie very entertaining, though there are some issues with the Front Row Entertainment version, such as quite obvious cuts (though some of them are simply due to the director's lack of continuity). Gods knows what omissions are - I'll probably try to get my hands on the uncut version sometime in the future. <br /> <br /> This is a decent piece of Vintage Naschy that fans might have enjoyed, but it could have been a lot better and probably would not be a great introduction.
