Waldemar Daninsky (Paul Naschy) travels to Tibet and is bitten by a Yeti, which makes him a werewolf. He is accidentally killed after attacking his fraudulent wife and lover. Later he is a scientist, Dr. med. Ilona Ermann, revived, who uses him in experiments for mind control. Daninsky later discovers an underground asylum populated by the doctor's bizarre subjects. When he heard about Nashys death from his colleague Jon Kitley, I searched my collection for a suitable film that I could watch. In my fight, I found not one, but three (!) Copies of "Fury of the Wolfman". The film is of questionable video quality, the sound is mediocre synchronized, the cinematography is sometimes a kind of slapstick style. And the American versions have removed two love scenes. Honestly, without a remastered, uncut copy, I did not really get the right movie in all its glory. <br /> <br /> This film claims to be the fourth in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky. I suppose that's true, but you would not know it from the movie itself. The plot is sometimes confusing and there is really no indication that this is a sequel. If you read Wikipedia's plot summaries and compare them to the one printed on the box, you'll find that I am not alone in my confusion. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the shortcomings of the film can be dispensed with, if we do understand the production that has gone through it. It was driven around for years and only in 1973 because of problems in the search for a distributor published. And Nashy said in his autobiography that director Zabalza was an incompetent alcoholic and that he hated working with him. These are really no easy accusations, and I have no idea what Zabalza had to say in his own name. The odds are that sooner or later you will encounter a bad version of "Fury" of the Wolfman. "It appears in a variety of three-packs and boxing sets, so do it What really needs to happen is an American, unabridged version with a decent mix of sound and video and the love scenes that are thrown back in. As far as I know, they do not exist. Let's leave Paul Nashy's legacy honor and bring his films to a quality he deserves.
