I honestly had no idea that the Notorious B.I.G. (Bert I Gordon, the director, not the murdered rapper) was still active in the 1980s! I had always assumed that the deliciously incompetent "Empire of the Ants" was his last masterful performance in the horror genre, but that was before my dirty little hands tripped over an ancient and dusty VHS copy of "The Coming", a completely dark and outrageous of witchery-movie that was actually a more or less pleasant surprise! What begins as a seemingly atmospheric story from the late dark ages, soon takes a stupid turn when a villager from 1692 inexplicably relocated to present-day Salum, Massachusetts, promptly attacking a girl in the history museum. You see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Ann Putman, who in 1692 was an honest bad girl and falsely accused more than twenty people of practicing witchcraft that led to their execution in the state. The man who attacked Loreen has lost his wife and daughter and wants his overdue revenge. But the poor and three centuries older Loreen is just an innocent schoolgirl. or is she? "Burned at the Stake" unfolds like a mixture of "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General", with a bit of "The Time Machine" thrown into the room for a good shot. Keep it up, Bert! The plot becomes darker and more meaningless with each new twist, but at least it never goes beyond total boredom, as is the case in other contemporary witch films like The Dunwich Horror and The Devonsville Terror. The film jumps back and forth between the events of the present and the flashbacks of 1692; That keeps it pretty amusing and fast. Ann Putman's Girl is a fascinating character, reminiscent of the Abigail Williams character in the more acclaimed play "The Crucible" (also featured in the 1996 movie by Winona Ryder). There are a few cool death sequences, such as the cemetery teacher or library journalists who are being perpetrated by the spirit of vicious reverend who has made a pact with Ann Putman and maybe even the devil. The film ends up being quite spastic and utterly absurd, but overall there is good cheese fun. Besides, at least about Bert Gordon I can not say that he has definitely built up some leadership skills over the years.
