Gosh, this movie is bad. My local movie report has completely misled me because it is certifiable garbage. Yes, yes, good people wear white, bad guys black ... and the good guys always win. Now go home, hug your kids and feel how well you felt in Hollywood. Sheet! I can not believe this brain-dead movie was made by Wes Craven. I suppose he needed some money to pay the mortgage, so he made that bitch. It's the kind of production that makes anyone who regularly watches movies believe that he could be as good or better as a seasoned director. Make a funny IL a bad thing or he'll hurt your daddy. But as a next-door girl, All-American Girl, we know she'll save the day and beat the bad guys ... the end. Girl Power ROCKS. Now come on, only an idiot would find the entertaining ... "a rollercoaster ride", let alone something new or new. All of the "Super Duper" reviews you see on this site are from industry hacks who either make money with this movie, pay back a favor, or sell their souls to the devil. Rachael McAdams is beautiful ... yup, that's it. No good performance, no terrible ... she is just cute. She would have had to show a lot of skin to save this movie. She is not tough enough to take a good female action leadership role. Cillian Murphy was at least passable in 28 days. But here he plays a stupid villain pretending to be a smarter one. He's kicked in the ass by the 5'5 '' McAdams, because she was a cheerleader ... and a field hockey player ... and I'm sure she owns all the Tae Bo tapes. So it should be able to chase away the rent of an international terrorist. I would not trust him to steal a pack of 7-11 chewing gum. <br /> <br /> See, this movie was made before, unless they did well. Rent one of Die Die Hard Movies anew. They have relatives in danger, international terrorists, unless the characters are more sympathetic and credible, and the bad guys are far more competent and interesting. I just do not understand how Hollywood can make such a crap as if they did not notice the right models that they can easily copy. No wonder the revenue from movies is declining. <br /> <br /> Throw your $ 6 to the bathroom and save 2 hours of your life that you will never get back. <br /> <br /> ciao, FreddyShoop
