I've seen thousands of films and never written a review, but the red eye I've seen contradicts the fiery tributes I've posted here, that I'm forced to offer my two cents in protest and the lowest score choose that is only possible to bring the average of reality closer. <br /> <br /> This is a boring, boring stinker of a movie that will not be remembered for its apologetic portrayals of the terrorist target (a John Bolton Esquire tyrant diplomat who is really a great guy )) and the oh so beautiful and popular Dr. Phil (whose best-selling book is said to be read by frequent flyers worldwide). The only real red eye I experienced was when I rubbed my eyes in disbelief. <br /> <br /> Before you spend $ 10 or so on this B-movie, read the selected "Quotes (from the trailer)" above and ask if you really enjoy a movie in which these are the smartest lines were you can find. Unfortunately, nothing else is better in this movie. The basic requirement is stupid as hell; acting is mild and unimaginative and completely absent in pro / antagonist chemistry; The voltage potential is thwarted in each round - except in the last five minutes - by insufficient directing and predictive editing. the script is full of disagreements like: early disclosures of the heroine as a university lacrosse star are questioned when she later fights the opponent with a field hockey stick; and the action holes are wider than the first class (while the character development applies only to the coach). <br /> <br /> And then there are the moments of extreme ridiculousness, as if the daughter of a senior civil servant is NOT going straight ahead. For the safety of the airport, she warned her at a first opportunity to assassinate the head of the Homeland Security Authority and her To warn father. Or when the same woman is arching through the smooth linoleum with hanging arms and veins in her throat while wearing 4-inch stiletto heels. Or if her pursuer also hunts with a sucking wound in his trachea. Or when terrorists use a fishing rod to get their weapon out of the crazy harbor floor. I'm always ready to stop the unbelief, but I will not jump without a parachute from 30,000 feet. <br /> <br /> The good thing I can say about this film is that it represents women who are capable of doing (even in bimbo form) to cope with the most extreme emergencies - the kind of Gender imaging that is painfully missing in American films. Apart from that, this movie never really takes off and is no more exciting than the Red Eye flight from Boston to NY. Do you remember the last time you were cheated by fraudulent followers and glowing tributes - in this forum or elsewhere? This is one of those times. Wait for the Red Eye video and do not watch the video.
