Wes Craven, you laugh ... at our expense. The red-eye plan is absurd ... We are confronted with a man who seems to have been watching a girl for 8 weeks, then appearing at an airport behind her, flirting and chatting successfully, somehow taking a seat next door to a seat with two squares that is not enclosed in the middle of a five-place series (contacts at check-in?) and is pleasantly nice during a painful sleep. Then, as soon as he is in the air, in a limited space surrounded by strangers, he immediately begins to threaten the void, albeit with great efficiency, Rachel McAdams, saying, "We have your dad, do what I say, or Poppa gets it. " '. Forgive me, but did you not already have your father ready for slaughter - the way you should - long before she boarded the plane, and it would not have been so much easier just to grab the gala and leave the road in one Terrorizing space somewhere, forgetting the father's complex and uncertain plan, pulling the nails out or whatever, until she made the all-important 'call'? Or just because these are the movies and we need some unreal twists, keep the stupid dad-in-distress thing up if you have to, but better dress it so it holds it in jeopardy The Kinky Conspiracy is complete meaningless without the airplane laying down? Alternatively, without wanting to sound like a truly thoughtful terrorist / assassin - the massive Bazooka rocket that was deployed could not be used much more easily for a car driving down the highway, with the politician inside than the 50. Car history of a beachfront Miami hotel, from a fishing boat (mind you, as we know, the security in Miami is laid back, so take a break). I know, I know, it's much more fun to look through a pretty girl for eight weeks, fuck her house to steal his wallet (which somehow - a Star Trek style - is transported from Miami to Texas) - Maybe - Let them get a politician to change hotel rooms and, and, and ... Well, a thousand things could go wrong here, destroying the Big Plan completely. So why not reduce the elements to a reasonable handful, such as - 1. Bazooka. 2nd car. 3rd boom! My fifty-minute drive from the cinema home was spent with plenty of mistakes and stupid Cod Hitchcockian twists, which unfortunately made the most of the sad experience. And as for airport security in Miami ... We have an obviously crazy and violent girl running out of a police-hijacked plane that sits down for coffee during the chase and moves somewhere else to find a magazine in a bar How crazy is the whole terminal running up and down ... hunted by the crazy Cillian Murphy in the meantime (no CCTV?) - I parked rifles in the wrong place for ten seconds at Miami Airport a couple of years ago). Instead of talking to the cops - their allies - or going to a phone booth directly to their father to warn him that his life is in danger, McAdams prefers to hire a people carrier from a family in the airport forecourt instead steal (call the damned security agency ...) and drive home to Dad, mow the assassin with the vehicle in the front yard of the house, in a rich neighborhood neighborhood, and smash the porch - an act that actually Daddy is just a little bit awake from an afternoon nap after about a minute, which somehow does not register with neighbors who are not even a little curious, so 15 more minutes of hide-and-seek games are available while the duo are in the huge hollodeck House runs around. .. Dohhh, it really hurts to think about it - Cillian (certainly renamed Silly 'un because he did this) is unwillingly turning from an ice-killer to a weird (and incompetent) crazy assassin at the end of this theoretically ruthless despatcher of human life We allow the father to live so he can see his daughter getting her goose boiled. I better stop because the stream of dizziness I'm writing here sounds as uncoordinated as the Red Eye script. If Ms. McAdams had not been allowed to get on the plane at all, the title could have been changed, from "Red Eye" to "No Eye, Love." RR
