There are moments in this unique cartoon of sheer beauty, but overall it's not very good. Limited animations as well as character traits and background design will make the mass market less attractive. The character design looks like a cross between the original Star Wars clone wars and Disney's Kim Possible (Brendan, the protagonist in this area also bears a sinister resemblance to Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible). The background design goes as far and wide as possible from boring and depressing to stylish and strong, but by today's standards it is overall still poor and cheap. Many of the backgrounds are similar to Eastern European or Nordic animations from the mid-'80s, which are nice in their own way but are used to the modern kids' audience, using CG slug festivals and talking dogs, with each piece of fur on their backs Body in the wind weighs safely disappoint. Nor is the story overly stimulating and many of the voice actors are not particularly impressive, notably the usually brilliant Brendan Gleeson, who apparently telephones his role. There are also some secondary characters that seem clichéd and stereotypical racist. However, some of the characters are good, the Viking villains, although they are underused, which looks good and is particularly unaware in appearance and sound. There is a moment when the main character and his mentor are saved from wolves from a Viking attack that is beautifully composed. The look and feel also seemed to be very inspired by the movie Watership Down, including a blatant rip-off / homage to the Ghost Rabbit of Inlay. The look is also unique and obviously inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art. So, when you look at these topics, you may be drawn to his look. The film also has moments of beautifully structured footage that steers the eye in a very artistic way, including a pretty match-cut and a large-scale Viking attack that's very atmospheric and impressive. The best of all, however, is the music, much of the background music is melodic and moving, especially the ghost girl's song, which is really beautiful and haunting and works very well with the images it covers. If the whole movie were as poetic as this moment (and it tries), then this would be a very beautiful and poetic film, which unfortunately still does not reach a wide audience, but instead it is no shame that it does not get wider audience because most of them look average and cheap and can not withstand modern animation standards. All in all, a movie that clearly divides my mind in many ways, but overall not great, but worth seeing for the music and song and the occasional beautiful or fearsome moment. Oh yes, and the cat seemed to live a long time, not sure how that was possible.
