Chris Rock earns more than he gives himself in Down To Earth. Known as "The American Pie" by brothers Chris & Paul Weitz, this uninspired remake of Warren Beatty's fantasy "Heaven Can Wait" from 1978, even a 1941 repeat "Here Comes Mr. Jordan," is missing hideous mundane humor that Chris won Rock an Emmy for his first HBO special. Predictably, he spits words from A to Z, but he deliberately avoids the F-word. Anyone who has seen this gifted African American comic in "Lethal Weapon 4," "Dogma," or "Nurse Betty," knows he can spawn more laughter with the F-word than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy together. Despite some funny one-liners, "Down To Earth" hits Rock Bottom as a fictional comedy as well as an unlikely interracial romance. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" destroys every good will the Weitz makes Brothers with their blunt face "American Pie". This one-way drive is considered a fictional and confusing comedy with a thoroughly unlikely, colorful, interracial romance. Unfortunately, a more than competent cast, including "The Full Monty's" Mark Addy, "Analyze This" Chazz Palminteri, "SCTV" Eugene Levy and newcomer Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr., is wasted in the apartment. foot-like, sketchy roles. Hardcore rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedian of repairing something that has never been broken. "Down To Earth" is scary written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock. He balances Chris as a messenger who cycles in the Big Apple during the day and hatches at night at Harlem's famous Apollo Theater. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from severe stage fright. Nonetheless, his nonprofit manager Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of "Hannibal") stays with him through thick and thin. After learning that the Apollo Theater will have one final amateur extravaganza, Lance pleads with Whitney to get him into the lineup. Excuse me, but if Lance is such a great stand-up comic, why is the Apollo inviting him over and over again? Meanwhile, fate has something in store for Lance. While cycling home, he discovers a pretty lady, Sontee (Regina King of "Jerry Maguire"), who crosses the street, but he does not see the bus colliding with him and killing him. Wham! Lance Barton floats heavenward with a halo around his head. In the sky reminiscent of a cruise ship nightclub, Lance learns that an overzealous angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy of "Stay Tuned"), scheduled his death 40 years earlier than planned King (Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This") ), God's right hand, apologizes and accompanies Lance back to earth. The catch is that Lance can not reclaim his body, so he has to inhabit another body. The best that Mr. Keyes can do is the unscrupulous, white, 60-year-old tycoon Charles Wellington. Wellington's avid wife Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and his unscrupulous personal advisor Winston (Greg Germann of "Sweet November") have just tried to poison him. Reluctantly, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance accepts him conditionally as a lender until Keyes finds a more suitable job. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington meets Sontee again. She is a nurse activist and protests against his decision to privatize a Brooklyn Community Hospital serving the poor. While giving a touch of charisma to her role as a crusader in the healthcare industry, Regina King plays a character who has credible motivation in her affairs with Wellington. Although he is no longer black, Lance not only tries to woo Sontee, but also to win an appearance in the Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down To Earth" shows rock in its most unusual role. The reason the comedian made this movie seems questionable. He reportedly had lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loved the original script scenario writer Elaine May had written for Beatty. Initially, Beatty attempted the race reversal gimmick himself in his own version, trying to cast Muhammad Ali in the title role of "Heaven Can Wait." The deal fell through and Beatty made the film himself with the headline. According to Rock, his longtime co-authors believed and he thought that they could "destroy" this classic. In addition, he justified his decision to "Heaven Can Wait" because of his philosophy of "doing something you can only do when you're hot." Previously, Rock refused a screenplay for a busload of touring reporters because he saw little opportunity to extend his image on such a trip. As a lifeless comedian in Down to Earth, Rock does not stretch his image as much as he inverts it for the worst! This half-baked concert film with an annoying plot burns his comic reputation as well as the Weitz brothers! You know that a movie about a comedian is in dire straits when a scene is played in the nightclub, so you can not hear the jokes, just the laughter. Similarly, the casting of Mark Addy as Wellington's butler, who speaks Queen's English but in reality is a Michigan citizen, also contradicts logic. Addy is a real Englishman and does not have to fake an accent; His accent is real. The main problem that gets flooded with "Down to Earth" is the "on-again-off-again", which makes the characters look like Chris Rock does not disappear from view for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spends half of the movie as Wellington's white guy, the audience sees him mostly as Lance. He undercuts comic irony when he presents his dull, bald, white-Caucasian, old-ego in ghetto ghetto mood and chanting off-beat hip-hop lyrics. Incredibly, Rock served as executive producer of the film and one of his four writers. The puzzle is how such a talent for talent could erase such an awkward, misleading mess of comedy. The only redeeming feature of "Down to Earth" is Jamshied Sharifi's excellent orchestral score.
