I think "The Best of Times" was a lost thing from the start. The initial premise (the guy drops the winning touchdown pass against a rival high school team, never seems to get over it and then tries to reunite the two teams) is one of the stupidest I've ever heard. Since Ron Shelton wrote much better sports movies, I wonder if there was more to it than that. I hope this movie did not light up green because Shelton opened the story as described above. <br /> <br /> So we have the premise. From here you would think or hope that there could be a few twists to keep things alive. No such luck. This script follows every predictable cliché you can think of. There's no moment in this movie you'll barely see a mile away before the movie reveals it and the end. Well, if you can not figure out the end to the end of the first role, then you have a haven you did not pay attention or saw another sports movie in your life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell are (and boring) in the lead roles. Williams is the poor guy who lost the big pass, and Russell is the quarterback who threw the fateful pass. Do you think Russell will come up with another one to see if he and Williams can correct a mistake the city has never forgotten? This is such a lame duck comedy with a lame duck script that you can only shake your head if you wonder what could have been. Sure, there are some giggles and, frankly, there is a really funny scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems and the wives invite them to dinner to solve things. Neither of them realizes that they were invited on a Monday, and yes, Monday night is football. Considering that the two teams will win, the men (especially Williams) are trying to resist the temptation to find out how the game is going. The scene dissolves into some fun pieces, while Williams checks the score by using a bathroom visit as a ruse. When he returns, he coughs the score to Russell. Later, as Russell starts making his wife's moves, Williams turns the TV from another room into her view. <br /> <br /> It's an inspired and funny scene in a mostly unimaginative and stupid movie.
