Blanko Check is one of those kids movies that could have been a great suspense thriller for the kids, but instead it's a tired, lame home that's not a rip-off by itself. Quigley is a criminal who has just escaped from prison and receives his hidden millions of dollars from a large score. Then we meet Preston, a frustrated child whose room is taken over by his brothers to start a business. Obviously, Daddy treats his brothers better because they make money on the same day he goes to a kid's birthday party, and since his dad is a cheap kid, he makes little kids' rides while the other kids ride rollercoasters. Then he gets a birthday card and a check of $ 11. How cheap is this family? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets the beautiful Shea Stanley, who were her parents' fans? He finds out that he needs 200 to open an account while Quigley sends his bank to a friend of his banker and finds out that the bills are marked. He's going to send a lackey named Juice to get the unmarked ones when Preston runs over his Quigley bike, about to write a check when he sees the cops and bolts at home, his parents scolded about his broken bike and became grounded, what? her child was almost run over and worried about a bike? So Preston makes a million-dollar check on his computer and only comes back to the banker. He believes he is juice. He gives the money to Preston, but the real juice came and found out that they had been deceived by a child! So Preston buys a villa called Macintosh. He gets a limousine driver who says listless jokes and makes an epic shopping spree. Then he discovers Shea and talks about opening his account. Child you have loaded and talking about opening an account? We quickly realized that Shea is actually an FBI agent tracking down Quigley and his two other accomplices. Then he told his cheap dad that he had a job for Mr. Macintosh and spent the day driving go-karts, playing vr games and then hanging out with his limo driver. He's off to a fancy restaurant with Shea What a 10-year-old who eats an FBI agent at twenty? After that, he takes her to a street geyser and plays around in the water and confuses Shea's $ 300 dress, but she takes it well, if that were a bit realistic she'd beat him because she's so confused her expensive dress, That the others are still crazy Little kid and spills the beans quickly, and Preston is chased by Quigley in a scene that comes from the original script. After that, Mr. Macintosh's birthday is actually being celebrated, when he finds out that he can not pay for the party he's sitting in. Chair and dad talk to MacIntosh, whom he does not know is talking to his son and talking about Preston that he should be a real kid and his whole childhood ahead of him, and wants Preston to go home early, eh? An hour ago you grilled him for his finances! So Preston asks everyone to leave and sits there wondering when Quigley and the others will invade the house to pay for Preston, and so he faces a final that ends at home alone. Quigley gets whirled around in a ball while Preston drives carts juice is hit in the groin, and more tricks follow until the trio has pushed Preston into the corner and when all hope is lost, Shea and a few SWAT guys come to the day and Quigley and his crew are sent to jail, but hope for Preston and Shea? is there and she kisses him in the lip what? What? What? An adult woman kissed a child's lips. Come on, is she mentally handicapped? I mean, an FBI agent who knows that the laws of the country would risk their careers to kiss a child? she could be arrested immediately! and the scariest part of all is that it is not a farewell and she will see him in 6 or 7 years! oh dear, and so he comes to his family celebrating his birthday, so is the moral of the story love and respect can be bought? What do you smoke? The end result is that it's a waste of time, morale is beaten. It's flat like a tortilla. The child annoys the villains, the comic reliefs are not funny. The brothers are unlikely. The father is even worse. The romantic subplot is scary shallow and the only salvation is the cinematography of Bill Pape, who then filmed the Matrix trilogy and two of the Spider-Man films so people do not waste money and instead look home alone. <br /> <br /> This was a review by Samuel Franco.
