At the Berlin Film Festival two years ago we saw the Amos Kollek film "Sue" starring a wonderful Anna Thomson in the main role in the Panorama program. It is a film about loneliness and sex and how one is compensated by the other. In the same section of the festival, we now have to complain about the unnecessary antithesis of Sue "Extension du domaine de la lutte", which now tries to convince us that loneliness and sex without sex are one and the same problem. Unfortunately, we can not sympathize with "our hero" (as he is called by the narrator) because he is unnecessarily tired of society and himself. Own fault, I'm sorry. I can not understand it Not enough, the author / director / actor wants us to admit to him that it is not his destroyed self-confidence or the passivity of his personality that has brought him so far, but the rotten society and its image of sexuality. Yes, there are some deeper insights into gender relations, but we will not follow them yet ... And the point is that there is more of a reflection on his own part in destiny than having sex. If you have not realized, it's a pretty depressing movie ... <br /> <br /> At the beginning, there were some ways to get a better idea of ​​the situation. In the bed shop, the "hero" talks about the obstacles to buying a new bed. Maybe it's too wide to go up the stairs, you have to stay home for half a day ... This is a satire about a character who does not know how to take life and the heart to do something .. The movie does not follow this path but treats its characters helplessly. No one believes that "our hero" can cause Tisserand to commit a murder. Too boring, too friendly too - passive (not to mention Tisserand's complex, he has an inhibition, but of course he can not be a woman murderer!). In conclusion, there are women and the world, it is not an instrument of a modern sexualized society. Help as well as you can, but do not follow the messages and "wisdom" of this film, which announces the bankruptcy of human relations without realizing the real conflicts in it.
