If you love predictable movies with a horrible soundtrack, a lack of dialogue, clichés in the Wazoo, and stereotypes that happen to be typical of an American movie, then look no further. DreamWorks either wanted to save money to gain a talent, or really create an animated episode of National Geographic. Either way, they managed to produce a rather boring and boring film. Spirit: The Stallion of the Cimarron is a boring feast that sends mixed signals to children and adults and does not entertain even though the animals triumph over humans. After leaving the wonderful animation behind you, what you have left is a big mess. <br /> <br /> Spirit is a stallion that looks like a handful from the beginning, as it is a horse that can not be tamed, calmed or controlled. Because of this, he gets up and becomes the leader of his group of haughty horses, including his mother. However, his life in freedom and running around abruptly comes to a standstill when he is arrested by a group of Americans who connect the Wild West with the rest of the country. During this time, Spirit (almost never mentioned in the entire movie) befriends a brave Native American and a female horse, and also has many quarrels with the cynical and cruel members of the army who apparently do not believe they give up. <br /> <br /> Why do movies need to mix computer animation with traditional ones? It looks pretty meshed, something that Spirited Away has also suffered. The best example is when a train chases spirit. You see the hand-drawn spirit running from a computer-animated train. It would look much better if it were one or the other, but not both; Unless you can really get some nice effects. Beauty and The Beast's famous dance sequence uses computer animation, but is not nearly as obvious as the train or snow in this movie. The opening sequence was the best-looking part of the film. It was a bit sad that the rest of the movie was a bit downhill in terms of quality. A small scene has several; I mean, several similar shots of a general's face, which in my opinion is quite repetitive and annoying. <br /> <br /> The kids like this movie, but with no dialogue, songs and motivation, this might be the perfect technique to bring hyper kids to sleep. While Disney is criticized for its animated musicals, they become much more entertaining than a more realistic approach to telling a story like this one. Bryan Adams has no place in this film, and why does Hans Zimmer refrain from a Western theme in this film if it is a story that plays in the Old West? Soundtrack sounds a bit off if you ask me. At least they use realistic sounds from horses, two points for that. However, if you refuse to make horses talk, why do you regularly have a narrator interrupt that happens to be the main character himself? Native Americans are nice and the western people are evil, native speakers, horse tormentors, wild, psychopathic monsters that need to be destroyed. More or less this shows us the mind. It reaches a point where they are so anxious to hate the travelers of the Wild West; They even had a scene where several horses pulled a huge train up a hill and another scene where they destroyed a whole village of locals. Well, the person Spirit was with has betrayed him more than once, but that's forgivable, apparently because he's not a soldier. or because he has the naughty female horse. Spirit is not exactly a sacrifice for which we should have pity; The viewer should sympathize with Spirit even though he is putting his entire group of horses at risk, causing havoc and may even lead to off-screen deaths that are quickly put off because alcohol is in trouble! This film becomes quite rhythmic, as we see in several cases as Spirit escapes from chains, people knock around, property is destroyed, horses are freed and then caught again - all in the same order. The authors also seem to be obsessed with cliffs because they are sprinkled throughout the movie. For an Old West movie, they certainly have very little room. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: This is certainly not a Disney movie, in fact that's a bad thing, even if it was what they were aiming for. Instead of the typical musical, we get a boring movie that in many cases becomes predictable, boring and slow. Even the decent animation becomes inconsistent when the computer work is dropped. Everything about this movie was just wrong. From the ideals that back then were not native Americans evil antics, to the soundtrack and the music that was so far away. Kill bill vol. 2, which has nothing to do with the Old West, seems more Western than this movie. Do yourself a favor and skip it by all means. Many Thanks.
