It's nice to see Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino and even Michelle Pfiefer make a monumental piece of garbage. It's nice to see that people are so rich and "successful" that they waste their time on one of the most forgetful, mundane and pathetic pieces of all time. This movie is the worst of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is it? Is it based on a true story? Well, they start with some basic news and facts they read from the US today. But then the film moves into a fantasy world and a "Cuban" refugee who makes it into the American drug subculture; somehow like Rocky on cocaine. Is it a movie about Cuba or Cubans? I do not think there is a single Cuban in this movie. The accents are absolutely fake and the scene with the mother of Antonio acts as a poster for the values ​​of the Midwest. The whole scene looks like something out of the Dick Van Dyke Show. Is this movie about Miami? It looks more like L.A. implemented in Florida. After all, a palm tree is a palm tree. Is this a novel? The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the getgo, and there's no way these two characters could ever be interested in each other. Is this a drug movie? Well, it's not even talked about obsession or addiction. The behavior of the actors after a coke line is no different than if they had drunk water. Granted, the spectacle is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's get to the rest. The music is disgusting and sounds like Latin elevator music or something from a Lawrence Withering show. I think I heard a polka. The camera work is too much movement and far more cranes than effective to accomplish. The photo budget was clearly too high. The sound is bleached in some places and the dialogue seems to be conducted in a warehouse. The writing is horrible. This is one of those movies in which the script itself was written. They are dragged from one banal dialogue to the next, each pushing the action like a brick bag. <br /> <br /> So I'll ask, is that a movie? It could be a drama series patched together for two and a half hours. But at least one drama series has a kind of focus. Maybe it's just a few poorly played scenes that were shot together. Whatever it is, movie or not, it's a piece of crap.
