THAT INCLUDES SPOILER. <br /> <br /> I've rarely seen a movie as incredible as this one. And because he is French, he seeks depth by being enigmatic. Nothing really makes sense. <br /> <br /> Léo is gay and has just told his family at breakfast that he is HIV positive. The youngest brother, Marcel, has not come to breakfast yet, and the family first decides he's too young at the age of 12 to say it. Maybe if he was four or five, but twelve? The first, which is absolutely unbelievable, is that the family does not even ask where or how he got the virus, how long he has known about it. nothing is asked you are worried only that Marcel finds out. This is a very close provincial family, but although they decide not to tell Marcel about Léo's positive status or the fact that he is gay, the rest of the family accepts all this news without any questions or reactions. How many families do you know where the parents / brothers do not have at least some reaction to a member announcing that he is gay? Nothing here. Léo decides that he has to go to Paris to see his ex-lover. And he decides to travel with Marcel. Do you know someone who brings his little brother to see a lover? Again absolutely incomprehensible, especially since Marcel should learn neither from his medical problems nor from his homosexuality. If the family has decided to find out, it's pretty brutal and unbelievable again. Léo is looking for his lover Aymeric at work in a Parisian bar. The owner says that Aymeric will not be there until the early evening. But why did Leo want to see him at work? Why not call and arrange a more confidential place to talk to? Why do not you go to his house? But no, Léo appears later in the day (with Marcel in tow) and is surprised when Aymeric does not give up everything to take him for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available, that Leo has left him and that Léo has not responded to any of his letters. Léo says "But I love you" and then wanders off. But if he had really loved Aymeric, would not he have at least told him about his HIV status to warn him, get tested, and perhaps get medication? That would be the least he could do? but no view. He does not even warn and warn Aymeric that he has been infected with the AIDS virus. That is completely irresponsible of him? and the filmmaker; This movie was apparently made for a French television series for teenagers? It's the perfect way to show kids how responsible they are. Well, not here? I think, "Everyone for themselves" is still the French way of doing things? Another aspect of the movie that was absolutely incredible was the "touch-feely aspect". Everyone leans on someone, caresses someone or kisses him. In the family and outside the family. I've never seen anyone in France who is THIS physical, no matter how a whole family is. At the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother sits on his older brother's lap, and the older brother strokes his leg while everyone sits together and discusses something. How many brothers do you know who is physically nearby? In another scene, the same 17-year-old enters Marcelts room and asks, "What's going on, can not you sleep?", Undresses and goes to bed, completely naked, with his brother and cuddles against him as if he would be you were lovers. This and a similar scene between Léo and Marcel gave the film a somewhat incestuous feeling. Sorry, again I do not think that this is a regular behavior between teenage brothers. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are all doing well. especially Marcel in the lead role. But it was not really enough? HIV and AIDS are far too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family went to the cemetery to bury Léo, but once again Marcel was excluded from it. he was left in the care of a cousin (I think). Nevertheless, he sneaks out and watches the funeral from afar. Would such a close family have done that? It is completely inconceivable that they did not take him into his brother's funeral. It was the last scene of the movie and it was the last straw for this viewer.
