The recent upsurge in the dating show on US television screens has reached a fever pitch since the first episode of "The Bachelor." Clueless audiences have since been subjected to countless clones and variations, including The Bachelorette, Joe Millionaire, For Love Or Money, and the hideous Married By America. Bravo hoped to capitalize on this trend while developing and exploiting a new segment of the population. He gave birth to the catastrophic Boy Meets Boy. And may they be merciful to us all. <br /> <br /> The premise is simple and carefree: a legitimate gay man is wooed by a number of applicants, eliminating the show by show until one is left, but there is a twist. Half of the men are actually straight. This is not a big deal, but the inherent malice of the scenario sets in after hearing the payout: If the gay man picks a straight man in disguise at the end of the show, the straight man wins money prize. The gay man gets nothing, or at least nothing more than a few farewell presents, a pat on the back and a hearty round of "Are not you embarrassing? Okay, thanks for playing!" <br /> <br /> Like the equally painful "Queer Eye For The Straight Guy" (another Bravo program), this show is another example of Amerek stereotypes. What makes it even worse is the fact that straight men play these stereotypes for money. The producers of this show believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in a man's hair, dress up in Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals, and remove all body hair, fat and voila! It's the gay equivalent of putting a white actor in black faces, and just as offensive to those of us - like me - who are really gay and do not dress like that. This means that gays have no variance or opportunity for individuality, that they can not behave like real people, but only like stereotypes. It does not matter that the applicant's bank lacks some kind of diversity. Everyone is in the gym, most are white and everyone looks a lot to scrub and clean out. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how Hollywood, instead of accepting gays as dynamic individuals that can change and change, has taken cliché back to the bank. I feel really dirty when I see this show as any gay man who sees this open-ended parade of softcore pornography dressed up as a legitimate television. 1 out of 10.
