I saw full house when I was younger and I can not understand why I did it. I do not remember having really enjoyed the show. I think that I and the majority of Americans who saw this were hypnotized. It puts you in a trance state and there is no going back. I still have scars, but I keep trying. I know it's a family show, but that does not mean it has to be that bad. The show is an SO cliché with each episode ending with a "lecture" by the dad so all problems disappear. The characters on the show are all abhorrent. There's a know-all, cleaning obsessed, crazy dad you want to slap in the face every time he comes on the screen. We then have a supposed "rocker" -uncle who is only there to be pretty for the mothers who need to see this crap. We have another uncle who is completely nonsensical and paralyzes the Bullwinkle impressions (I have to say more about him). There is the eldest daughter who can not act and is always complaining about something. Then a middle daughter who always says: "HOW RUDE!" to just about anything anyone says. Finally there is the youngest daughter Michelle. Do not let me start playing Michelle, but the terrible actors known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, you would probably associate it with the Antichrist. She always demands things, tries too hard to be "sweet," keeps saying, "DUH!" and if she rolls her eyes, you want to hit her. I'm not a big fan of physical abuse as a punishment for children. But in her case, I would make an assumption. She needed it daily. She is the most egotistical figure ever introduced to mainstream television. An example of this is when your rocker uncle does his work in the attic. The brat decides to annoy him constantly and demand attention. He yells at her and she gets angry. POOR BABY! The rest of the episode is focused on her emotional needs and the uncle eventually apologizes to her. UGGHH! The show will lower your IQ and slowly destroy your will to live. I'm surprised we do not hear in the news that Full House is playing in the background when the police find people who have committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and watch no repetitions of the show. You will thank me later.
