Being a Buster Keaton fan means that you have regularly broken your heart. Most of us meet Keaton for the first time in one of the most brilliant feature films from his time of independent production: 'The General', 'The Navigator', 'Sherlock Jnr'. We recognize him as the greatest character in the entire movie comedy history and we want to see more of his films. This is where heartbreak begins. After Steamboat Bill Jnr, Keaton's brother-in-law Joseph Schenck pushed for a deal that put Keaton under the control of MGM. Keaton became another actor who did the scripts of another. Then his alcoholism got worse. After 'Steamboat Bill Jnr' Keaton has never made a really first-class film again. A few sources describe a possible masterpiece comedy that Keaton claimed could have * almost * done at MGM: a parody of "Grand Hotel." Biographer Tom Dardis has presented convincing evidence that Keaton invented this story. <br /> <br /> Heartbreak increases as he only occasionally made a good movie out of many years of Keaton's long-lasting demise ... as his short comedy 'Grand Slam Opera'. I continue to search for the lost footage of Keaton's dramatic scene with Spencer Tracy in "It's a Crazy World": a sequence in which the embittered policeman Tracy calls an old retired rogue (Keaton) and tries to help him steal smiler grogans To win cash. The footage is almost certainly gone forever, but I keep watching. <br /> <br /> "Speak Easily" is unfortunately one of Keaton's films from the beginning of his decay. MGM tried to build up Jimmy Durante (who happened to be playing Smiler Grogan three decades later) as a new comedy star. Unfortunately, MGM tried to build Durante by working with Keaton, whose style of comedy was simply incompatible with Durante's. (I'm a fan of both.) Throughout his career, Durante was a ruthless robber: he knew he'd been built at the expense of Keaton, and Keaton was the only co-star that Durante never came to the fore. <br /> <br /> Keaton was often used as a victim of extremely cruel machinations. In "Speak Easily" he plays a didactic and humorless professor for the Midwest called Post (because he's as wooden as one). He receives a letter informing him that he has inherited $ 750,000 to travel to New York City to claim it. Is he making a call to check this? Does he even check the stamp? No; He takes his savings out of the bank and hurries to New York. As soon as he's gone, Post's servant confesses that he wrote the (forged) letter to push Professor Post out of his rut! <br /> <br /> Post, who considers himself a 3/4 millionaire, intersects with Jimmy Dodge (Durante), who tries to produce a musical revue but has no money. The characters who play these two brilliant comedians on screen simply do not mesh. Keaton plays one of those eggheads (like Mister Logic in 'Viz'), who intellectualizes everything. Durante plays one of those annoying Hepkaten, which can not make a clear statement, because the script requires that he always speaks in slang. There is a painfully conflict-ridden dialogue scene in which Durante tries to talk to Keaton about money, but instead of getting it out directly, Durante has to use more and more slang terms like kale, cartwheels, and so on. Of course, Keaton has no idea what Durante is all about. I give Keaton credit: his own dry and dusty prairie voice, his shallow Kansas accent, is absolutely perfect for the character he plays here. Sidney Toler, who looks much slimmer and prettier here than he Only a year later would it be impressive how the excited director of the revue (per tick) is funded by Professor Post. Henry Armetta, whom I've never found fun, is even less funny than usual and offers a running gag with a stupid win. Thelma Todd impressed me here in a more malicious version of her role in 'Horse Feathers' (a much funnier movie). Edward Brophy, one of my favorite character actors, is wasted. <br /> <br /> Part of the problem with "Speak Easily" is that supportive characters behave in a completely inappropriate way. Keaton's attorney appears in Durante's theater with an urgent message for Keaton ... but he's not there, so the attorney goes to show Keaton's personal affairs to the first complete stranger he encounters. (Fire, that lawyer, Buster!) In another scene, Professor Post - the guy who sees this musical as a bankroll - stumbles into the locker room of the choir girls, and all the choir girls squeal and cover themselves. I know for certain that * modern * chorus girls would never react that way, and I seriously doubt that the chorus girls behaved that way in 1932. > <br /> SPOILER COMING. About half an hour after the dismal "Speak Easily," the great Jimmy Durante sits down at the piano, grinning at the camera, and makes that unmistakable little head shake as he begins to play a tune. This is the moment when I thought this film would finally focus on the purpose of entertaining us. Unfortunately not. Most annoying, however, is the end of this film, which uses the most uncompromising cliché in the entire comedy: the one in which a completely incompetent fool becomes a star comedian due to his inability. (Keaton would be forced to repeat this cliché in a 1955 episode of Screen Directors Playhouse, which Chaplin had already used in "The Circus.") I almost cried - in rage and sorrow - at the wasted opportunities in "Speak Easy ". Mostly out of respect for the work that Keaton, Durante, Toler, Brophy and Miss Todd have done elsewhere, I rate this movie 2 out of 10. <br /> <br />
