For most younger viewers, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. That's why they probably do not feel so sad about this movie as I do. I happen to be a quiet comedy freak - I've seen almost every Keaton movie yet. My big fan made this movie very painful from start to finish. This is because Keaton was a very lively and creative comedian during his quiet days. He was amazing in his physicality and his movies were almost never boring. In a move that still baffles movie historians, Keaton lost his independence at the end of the silent era and became a current MGM actor. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now saw Keaton as an actor - and he wrote screenplays for him that had no respect for what made him great. These movies with MGM were not that bad at first (like THE CAMERAMAN), but the studio did blow away with talkies - he shot it in several movies with Jimmy Durante. Durante's humor was based on his talent and was abrasive. In contrast, Keaton was calm and action-oriented. Two other unequal and incompatible actors would have been hard to find. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton has made some really terrible movies. <br /> <br /> Now that's not to say that SPEAK EASILY is a horrible movie. No, instead, it's more of a time traveler and a surprisingly less enjoyable one. If you go into the movie and assume that this is a comedy, the movie is likely to be harder to enjoy. It's more like a drama with a few comedic elements. It's NOT a movie that will cause tummy chills - especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> The film starts in an unusual environment. Keaton is a college professor who teaches his whole life. He knows nothing about the world and has his nose stuck in his books. In a bizarre move, Keaton's servant leads him to believe that Keaton has received $ 750,000 from a dead relative in the hope that this would cause Keaton to enjoy life. That's amazingly beautiful, but somehow he manages to work. Not very good, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton leaves school and goes on a trip to New York to have fun. On the way there he meets an incredibly untalented theater troupe. Because he knows nothing about the world, he does not seem to know that they stink. And because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to bring them all to New York to perform on Broadway. However, shortly before the show starts, his friends learn that Keaton is NOT rich. So they decide not to inform Keaton and keep him away from process servers that want to shut down the show. They assume that if the show is a hit, they can pay off the debts and everyone will be happy. They forget, however, that the show itself stinks. What should they do And, will Keaton get the nice girl, rappel off a gold digger (Thelma Todd) or be flat and alone? If it's important to you, watch the movie. <br /> <br /> As far as Keaton is concerned, he has few stunts in the film, though there are some dandies in the end. Instead, Keaton goes through the part in a very subdued way. There is really little to love about this movie or this hate. It's pale ... when it should be much better.
