This came out during the last breath of the Western genre. Unfortunately, it turns out that this is a very low and overall unsatisfactory effort - even if it is done by and with veterans in the field! At first, the conspiracy does not provide anything new from afar: James Coburn escapes a chain gang that aims to kill the (retired) man who laid him down there - Charlton Heston. While laying a trap for him, Coburn outwits Heston by kidnapping his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Of course, the former lawyer - accompanied by Hershey's fiancé from the Greenhorn (Chris Mitchum) - moves after Coburn and his followers, who all broke with him the prison. <br /> <br /> McLaglen, as is customary in the Sub-Ford style, relies on a Sam Peckinpah approach that he never quite relaxes with: dismissive characters, much violence and sexual tension, Hershey's presence created under Coburn's lustful bunch. Incidentally, Heston and Coburn had previously appeared together in a Sam Peckinpah Western - the troubled MAJOR DUNDEE (1965; I have to get the restored version of this DVD on DVD, though I recently shot the theatrical version in pan-and-scan format from TCM UK). In any case, the film is too general to produce the elegiac mood that he clearly aspires to (also suggested in the title): Then both stars had already made this American a decent contribution - WILL PENNY (1968) for Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973)! At least Heston maintains some degree of dignity here - his aging temperament trying to stay ahead of the half-breed Coburn by anticipating what his next move will be. The latter, however, takes on an unusually brutal role and only really comes into its own at the peak (he enjoys his moment of revenge by sadistically forcing Heston to witness the gang-raping of his Hershey counterparts). Apart from the latter, in this long sequence Heston envisages deceiving Coburn with a trick from his own EL CID (1961). The villainous gang is then caught in a bushfire that is ignited by the practiced Heston and the violent deaths of the two outdated men 'protagonists (as was his fashion, Heston's demise takes the form of a voluntary sacrifice!). <br /> <br /> The cast includes Michael Parks as the ineffective city sheriff, Jorge Rivero as Coburn's Mexican lieutenant and Larry Wilcox - from the TV series CHiPs! - as the youngest member of the Coburn gang who was given the task of overseeing Hershey (doing his best to keep his drooling comrades out!). Jerry Goldsmith delivers a tasteful but unremarkable score.
