First of all, my heartfelt thanks to everyone who bought a movie ticket, hoping to see a movie in the same shape as the fantastic Gregory's Girl and Local Hero, but the theater was disappointed and vaguely cheated. While it is true that sequels, with a few exceptions, are a misnomer and only serve to give studio executives the opportunity to capitalize on the success of a previous film, giving us either a skinny camouflaged original story or a plotting line so far from the intentions of the original, that the resulting film makes no sense. In the case of Gregory's Two Girls, Bill Forsyth has the dubious honor of committing both sins - on the one hand, to revisit the conspiracy of Gregory's girl, and at the same time to spread an honestly incredible and moronic tale with Scottish arms dealers. Schoolboy Gregory is now a teacher at the same school where, at the tender age of 16, he had a hopeless passion for footballer Dorothy. Although he is now thirty-five, Gregory still harbors a hopeless passion, but now for footballer Frances, also sixteen, although Bel, the music teacher, has made it clear that she is attracted to him. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress her led to his involvement in a plan to exhibit an on-site arms dealer who happens to be an old school friend. It makes no sense to go further, as the rest of the story is forgotten and the end makes no sense at all. The main problem lies in the personality of Gregory himself, as there is no sign of the lovable and charming sixteen-year-old Gregory actively and strangely pursuing Dorothy, convinced that he would finally win her over. At age thirty-five, Gregory is presented to us as a rather sad and friendless being whose life is neither active nor funny. Outside of work, he spends his time watching Noam Chomsky's videos and reading magazines about international injustices. Since his friends and family from the previous film seem to have disappeared, except for two pointless scenes with his younger sister, who seems to be out of his mind or even interested in his life, we are confused about what Gregory really wants, who he is is and why he is the way he is. Why is he, for example, without friends? Why does he never see his father, who obviously still lives? Why did he return to teach at the school he once attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why did he become so apathetic? Why is he drawn to Frances? Why does not he attract Bel until the last twenty minutes of the movie? What in heaven do Bel or Frances see in him because he is neither stunning nor interesting? Why does he keep trying to impress Frances, even though he and Bel have become an object and their union threatens to disturb his life completely? Is it really possible to believe that a Scottish arms dealer who openly sells torture weapons to oppressive regimes might be able to escape the media exam, but could bother some schoolchildren? Does Gregory really believe that dropping a handful of computers into the sea will change anything? To make matters worse, the actor John Gordon Sinclair tries to provoke his performance as a youthful Gregory to the facial expressions and awkward body language. Unfortunately, for a thirty-five-year-old, it only looks weird and scary. Moreover, it is difficult to feel compassion or empathy for a teacher who has erotic dreams with a pupil wearing his uniform while both lie on a stack of gymnastic mats. Instead of being amused, it just smells of pedophilia. It's hard to know what went through Bill Forsyth's mind when he wrote this script, or why he felt that fans of the original movie would accept a story that is so charming, funny, and warm that the first movie to became a classic. I can only assume that the plan was to make a film about a man who refuses to grow up and devote himself to adult life, and whose happiest memory was being sixteen and the best-looking girl in school but gradually being forced to accept that life lived in the past is not life at all. This could at least be the basis of a movie that was thematically interesting and intelligent. Since it's Gregory's Two Girls, there are 116 wasted and pointless minutes that say nothing and mean even less. Gregory's girl was responsible for the start of Bill Forsyth's career. Here we hope that Gregory's Two Girls are not responsible for sinking them.
