Real horror movies were shot in the days before Gore and Sex. Castle of Blood is one of the best in my opinion, although other reviewers have received mixed reviews. In a strange way, it is reminiscent of the newer The Others, which appeared in theaters a few years ago. <br /> <br /> Director Antonio Margheriti made his own image in 1970 and this time "Web of the" Spider (also known as Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno). Why he did that, I do not understand, although the remake Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski played and was very good for itself. Maybe he saw a good story and wanted to adapt it more to the American audience. I do not really know. It's interesting that he made the original in black and white and the remake in color. Castle of Blood is an excellent Italian Gothic. La Danza Macabra is said to be an unpublished work by Edgar Allen Poe, who "appears" in this film. Poe and Lord Blackwood, owners of a haunted castle, warned American writer Alan Foster (George Riviere) that he could not spend the All Souls Night in the castle and survive. Foster eagerly accepts the bet, but soon regrets it, as he witnesses a series of murders committed by ghosts. It seems that the ghosts come to life every few years, but are condemned to recreate the crimes they committed in their lives. Lord Blackwood conveniently forgot to tell Foster that his blood is needed for her to revive at the next All Souls Night! <br /> <br /> It does not take long for Foster and beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (represented by the incomparable Barbara Steele) to fall in love, even if their romance is doomed to failure, for Elisabeth is one of the spirits. I will not betray the end, but just say that Castle of Blood is a romantic tragedy, as it is a horror story. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is very atmospheric, even with the excellent standards of the Italians. My personal opinion is that they are true horror better than anyone else, and the somewhat weak black and white films only reinforce that. To be fair, Web of the Spider was fine, even with color and greater brightness. I loved the long recordings that most modern directors do not have the patience to do. Indeed, when Alan enters the damned castle for the first time, we are expected by him for a few minutes as he moves from room to room, the fear and discomfort that builds on his face and his behavior. When the first ghost appears, the audience is thoroughly prepared and ready. There is a wonderful dialogue between Alan and the spirits, something else that is not often done in normal ghost stories. There are also memorable scenes, very visual for this kind of movie. Elisabeth's "Murder" and the dance scene (reminiscent of the similar ghouls dance in the Carnival of souls of 1962) were especially good. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, few people of general interest will hear or see less of this movie. That's a shame, because here's the rest over the rest. I received my copy of Sinister Cinema and I'm not sure if it can be bought elsewhere. For people interested in this genre, this is a must.
