Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little thriller from a suspense film. It is based on the concept that the AIDS virus is a government-mutated sheep virus to rid the gay world and was apparently tested on prisoners in the years leading up to the onset of the terrible disease. Without the meaning of the term film, this would fall into the category of numerous films about the destruction of the world by a rampant, non-detrimental infectious organism. Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the induced sheep virus and its impact on the prisoners into whom it was infused. He encounters some contempt and resistance to a dead theory, but he also meets some people who know the theory and support his investigation. Simultaneously with his visit, a series of serial murders took place, with each victim killed in a similar manner and each murder apparently accompanied by pieces of music from Puccini's opera "Turandot", which is currently being opened in the San Francisco Opera. A police investigator, Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her policeman (Kalene Parker), are following the killings while Stefan visits the sex clubs and bars in San Francisco, trying to find men who might be guinea pigs for his father's theory. He encounters a strange boy Jeffrey (Jim Thalman), with whom he has a pull on cat and mouse, and a prominent Doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti), who seems strangely involved in the occupation of suspects. How it all ends is the game of the film, a story about the search for self-identity between Stefan and Jeffery and the investigation of murders. <br /> <br /> While Tom Wlaschiha Jim Thalman and Richard Conti are good at their roles (they are the only three who already have experience with the drama in the movie!), the quality of the film drops considerably due to the less acceptable , minimally talented Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker: as on The credibility of the story falls below zero. There are some little cameos from other actors who lighten the screen for the moments they live in, but in all the movies drowns out the incessant repetition of 'Nessun dorma' sung by Mario del Monaco from a recording of the opera - and that seems to be the reason for the movie! Good idea for a movie and some good characterizations of the actors, but there's no resolution of the original premise that started it all. Grady Harp, February 6th
