The act of "Astronaut Returns to Earth as a mutant monster" died in the 1950s, largely because of the scientific fact that leaving Earth orbit does not make humans transform into mutated monsters, and that this is the first Film was the plot used THE QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only decent sci-fi film that took advantage of the idea. The idea of ​​giving up the redundant conspiracy seems doomed to failure right from the start. Unfortunately, it looks at the INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN, it seems the plot is the least of its problems. <br /> <br /> First of all, this is an incredibly bad movie. The budget is in the single-digit range and I'm talking about lira and not dollars. There is no cinematography that could be talked about, and there are countless mistakes in editing. For example, a photographer takes his (hardly legal) model for a photo shoot. Cut to a setting where the sun is directly behind the model, then to a photographer where the sun is directly behind him, and then back to the model where the sun is ... <br /> < The lack of budget also pulls the film down in other aspects. According to the trivia site, the budget was so low that producers could not get footage of Saturn. When astronaut Steve West mentions how beautiful Saturn looks, we get shots of the sun. Actually, the sun is the most impressive feature in the movie because the human actors are not hired in a porn studio. If I did, I would not be afraid of the monster of the same name - I would be afraid of splinters from the rest of the cast. Maybe we should forgive something, because the obvious lack of budget, for example, is that the actors have to wear their own clothes. A general, for example, does not wear his beautiful medal costume-he wears a denim jacket and a baseball cap. <br /> <br /> For a movie like this to work, disbelief must be lifted, but it fails on every level. The sound is set early in the movie in which Mr. Melty murders a nurse and flees the hospital. Instead of the police receiving a phone call stating that there was a murder, Dr. Nelson easy to track down his own patient. It's also weird that a totally decaying kill-monster can walk down the street without anyone noticing, but this is typical of a movie in which cool 70-year-olds stop their car for a quickie on dark roads and the women nonchalantly mention that her wife is pregnant and forgot to tell the police that there is a monster at stake. <br /> <br /> THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is Z grade garbage. I can certainly understand why people like this movie because it has reached the heights of "It's so bad, it's good," but apart from Rick Baker's sometimes impressive make-up effects, it's nothing but a very guilty one pleasure
