Emma is my favorite novel by Jane Austen - Emma is well-meaning despite her mistakes, so readers can forgive and love her, and the relationship she has with Mr. Knightley, who is warm-hearted, familiar, respectful but playful and gets so warm, out of focus. romantic excitement. Mr. Knightley is the perfect man, and Emma is as close to an independent, smart, self-confident woman as you could be - remember, she's only 21 years old and she'd grown safely and grown from her mistakes. Who does not want to be Emma? Who does not want to be rejected by Mr. Knightley? This version of Emma gives no impression of the things I love about Emma. I could not even see it, I just thought it was so terrible. I could not see the warm, generous side of Emma that makes the reader love her: the patience and warmth she shows her father; the closeness between her and Mrs. Weston, who shows her willingness to put her friend's happiness over her own (since she sacrifices the only equivalent companion in her household by forwarding Miss Taylor's marriage). Mr Woodhouse's character in this adaptation is just bizarre and not just quirky, older and a bit tedious. <br /> <br /> This adjustment fails most importantly in the relationship between Mr. Knightley and Emma. Their relationship is built on mutual respect and affection: Mr. Knightley indulges Emma's minor mistakes and believes that her intelligence and sincere care for others will never mislead her. and Emma looks up at him, though she playfully obscures this and continues to use her own judgment. The dressing he gives her right at the beginning of the show completely overcomes the conflict between them and destroys all opportunities to portray the nature of their relationship as I described above. Mr Knightley is also not attractive enough to bring the sexual tension between the leads to life (or to arouse the female audience's admiration). <br /> <br /> Really awful. I can not understand why someone who really likes the novel Emma might like him, unless he miraculously detaches himself to the point where I turned him off.
