With the exception of about ten sublime minutes with HB Warner in the sky, these were 94 minutes of unbelievable awfulness! Acting was cruel, but I really thought the story was terrible. The acting was wooden and stilted, even after the standards of previous conversations (with the exception of Lee Tracy and HB Warner, none of whom can go wrong). Rose Hobart was absolutely awful and lifeless like Julie (as was Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde from 1932, an otherwise brilliant movie). And the rest of the cast was worse, there were no words to describe their awfulness. Worse than acting, however, was history. For unknown reasons, Julie loves Liliom, a Kadin and user of women who has no redeeming qualities. He marries Julie, but does not support her, instead she lies in bed all day or is hanging around with a criminal buddy (Lee Tracy). And, oh yes, he never has a friendly word to say to Julie and he beats her regularly. Nevertheless, Julie loves him and excuses him again and again, which only seems to make him abusive. Even worse, this movie presents this story as a love story. Somehow we should see Julie as a noble figure whose pure love redeems Liliom. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last third of this movie takes place after Liliom kills herself (a plunder goes awry and Liliom puts a knife in her mouth instead of being picked up by the police). When he is dying, he says to Julie, "I've beaten you all the time, but I'm not sorry." When he finally dies, she finally tells him that she loves him. (None of the characters ever said "I love you" during their lifetime). After his death, God's Chief Justice gives Liliom another day on earth to "do good" to his unborn daughter. The price is 10 years in hell. After ten years, Liliom may one day see on Earth his now 10-year-old daughter. He approaches her in the front yard of her house and tries to get her to "do something good for her"; He tries to get her to play cards, he tries to give Gabriel's horn, but she does not care and rejects him. So he hits her. He. Face Slapping your. And then he disappears back into the hereafter. We see his daughter Julie talking about it. The girl says the slap did not hurt, it felt like a kiss. This is supposed to be the magical moment of the movie. The girl asks her mother if this is possible, and Julie replies, "Someone can hit you and beat you, beat you and not hurt you." Then the music swells and Liliom rides in the sky. SHEET! <br /> <br /> There was a rescue for this movie, and this is the interview between the Supreme Magistrate (HB Warner was really great here) and Liliom in the sky train. The magistrate had to tell Liliom some profound things about life and second chances and death. Alone by this scene I was rated 1 to 2 stars. Regarding Liliom's suicide as a means of avoiding his problems, the magistrate says, "People assume that the trouble they have when they die is ended for them, they thought they would pick up all their responsibilities through suicide Your name will still be spoken to the earth, your face will be remembered, and as long as one remains, remembering you, the thing is unhealed until you are completely forgotten, you will not be finished with the earth, even if you not finished you are dead. " Some great, transcendental things among the most terrible garbage I've ever seen. By the way, this story has apparently been filmed many times both as "Liliom" and as the musical "Carousel".
