Universal's response to "The Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a mild, unimaginative direction by Michael Winner, who wastes a stellar cast on a script that collects crater-sized storylines. Not to mention that it is unbearably stupid never to explain certain key elements in the story. <br /> <br /> Model Cristina Raines moves into a high-rise building in the Catholic Church with a creepy, blind priest, John Carradine, who always intervenes at the window. She suffers from weak spells and nausea. What's worse, are tenants she meets in the building, like Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And a young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (looks great 55) is the broker who showed Raines the place. Cristina's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" after finding out they had an affair. José Ferrer has a small role as a "priest of the Brotherhood", prompting Monsignor Arthur Kennedy to be cautious as he not only houses Carradine, but also Raines. Sarandon sends a clerk to the skyscraper one night to check a particular room over Cristina's apartment, where she hears metallic rattling and other loud noises. He is dead that same night. Cristina "kills" her dead father in a nightmare. On the street, Cristina screams insanely and actually has blood on her head, causing police officer Eli Wallach and his partner Christopher Walken to investigate with certainty that it somehow leads back to Sarandon, a lawyer who once beat the police court the suicide of the whole woman. This case is really a motivating factor when Wallach finds out stubbornly whose blood was really on Cristina and if Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as a professor who understands this kind of Latin. Cristina understands and understands unknown actors like Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man who is interested in that particular space available in this room (now refurbished) that Cristina once was here! What bothers me most is a lack of explanation. At the end of the film, Wallach and Walken are forgotten, and we wonder why they just left off and stopped the investigation. Your characters will only stay on the way back. As the priests know that "now is the time" is when a certain man dies and has to be replaced to guard a particular gate in this high-rise, and why Cristina suffers from the trauma she undergoes is not enough explained. How certain spirits Cristina only appear and disappear when she tries to show Gardner the rooms they occupied on a cat birthday (see for yourself) is not adequately explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in the grand frame of things. It brings people to this skyscraper, but what are their reasons in the movie? It seems that this film should have lasted longer and lost clarified things that were lost to a hasty conclusion that is only ridiculous when it should be scary.
