The prison is located in Wyoming, where working on a new prison has a problem, so the state agency decides to reopen an old jailhouse closed for 20 years, and the warden in charge of Warden Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) becomes. 200 odd prisoners are being shipped and taken to work to repair the rundown prison, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who is about to break into the old execution chamber. He is obligated, however, but when he enters the bricked door, an intense beam of light shoots out and all the electrical, gas and fire in the prison go crazy for a few minutes. Burke unintentionally unleashes a deadly, evil force that is in the mood to kill something. No one is sure ... Under Renny Harlin, I thought Prison was a bad horror movie of the late '80s that seemed to seem to forget the little point of having a story. The script was co-written by C. Courtney Joyner, director of Empire Pictures, who was responsible for writing such "classics," including Class of 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) and Puppet Master Vs. Demonic Toys (2004) Budget horror crap that even I have not heard of and that seems to take itself very seriously. The biggest problems I have with Prison are that it is far too slow. It's over 30 minutes in the movie before the "evil force" is even released, even though the tempo is rising toward the end, but until then it was too late. What I was concerned with is that there is no discernible action here. First, it never tries to explain why it has walled up a "evil force" in the old execution chamber. It never explains why this squad kills random inmates when they're on a revenge mission or why it just does not work. To immediately kill Overseer Sharpe, there is no explanation as to where Burke enters, though he looks exactly like the prisoner who was electrocuted and returned. There's no real explanation for how the Overseer is connected to everything that's going on apart from two early nightmare sequences in which he seems to remember something, though it has never been revealed what it is or why. To be honest, I can not really give you an outline of the story because the movie does not have a rigid story to follow throughout the process. The characters are boring and forgetful, there are only a few murders and far apart, the tempo is gone, the whole movie is a mess and even ghosts can not shoot straight when they try to shoot the hero. A less than satisfying way to spend 100 odd minutes, there are really better things you could do. <br /> <br /> Director Harlin's full debut in the American premiere. It does a good job and it has a good atmosphere, but after more than an hour I was getting bored by the constant, boring, dark prison cells and corridors. I just think that the look of the movie is way too repetitive, bland and frankly lifeless. I did not think it was scary. The bunch is pretty tame, except for the best moment in the entire movie where a police guard is killed when a load of barbed wire lays around his body and face, giving him a nice close-up of his neck. Besides, there's a burned body and a mutilated body falling from the ceiling and very little else. There is a scene where the guard burns all the prisoner mattresses in front of them and then leaves them in their underwear in the yard all night. I watched this scene and thought that you would never do that. Here the prisoners have rights, and if the overseer did such a thing, there would be a national outcry from all these humanitarians. Every prisoner would sue the overseer, the prison service and the government for everything they had and they would win! <Br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 4,000,000, Prison had a pretty healthy budget, though it does not really look that way on screen. Sure, there is a decent cast and the few special effects that are included are good, but overall it's set in the same place with limited ambition. The prison was actually shot dead in a real Wyoming state prison. Acting is alright, Prison proves Hollywood stars sometimes not only have a fucking horror movie skeleton in their closets, but in the case of Mortensen he has two of them and the terrible Chaosaw massacre of The Return of the Texas (1994). I'm sure he would like to forget that ... <br /> <br /> Prison is a boring, lifeless, colorless and humorless waste of 100 minutes. I prefer that my movies are more of a Have history when seemingly random events and incidents are cobbled together without narrative sense.
