Me neither, but this film is unfortunately one of those films that are too bad to be good and too terrible, which makes them totally pointless and a total waste of time. Nothing is less interesting than a mediocre film, and My name is modesty: whatever the subtitle is, mediocrity takes it to a new level. It's full of B-actors, but it's not fun at all, because it's serious. It turns out to be a thriller, but turns into a kind of adult drama, a flashback style. The beautiful Alexandra Staden, which was hardly recognizable under make-up, resembles more a performer of Top Model than Modesty Blaise. I'm not one of the die-hard comic freaks who wants every adaptation of his precious "graphic novels" to be perfect - I've never even read Modesty Blaise - I just wanted to see a decent movie. But that was not it. The film feels half-finished, with a weak and very ineffable conclusion to a rather weak plot. It also turns its audience into idiots, telling us every tiny detail of the plot and showing flashbacks of things that happened before three scenes (I think we all have Alzheimer's). Now I love a good B-movie - what's better than just turning off your brain and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of a Calzone? - and "Modesty" is headed by none other than Scott Spiegel, who brought us the wonderful splatter crap movie By Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved From Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brought everything that a bad B movie should bring to the table - nudity, blood, weapons, you name it. "Modesty" is just boring. The review of Modesty's life is not interesting. Acting is not bad enough to be laughed at. Actually, I liked the performance of Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau (hey Buddy, pseudonyms are your friends!) As baddie. <br /> <br /> So all in all, it's just lame. Weak. Unimaginative. Call it what you want. Do not look at it, because Tarantino presents it, people. This is just a very forgetful, half-hearted thriller that never wants to be more. Let me round off this review with a very lame pun (seriously, even I scare): My name is modesty: a modest waste of time - 4/10
