Ulli Lommel's movie "The Boogey Man" from 1980 is not a classic, but it is an above-average cooler, which is worth a look. The sequel "Boogey Man II" from the 1983s is ultimately a waste of time, but at least a fun, if not the least serious. Now I left the door open for another sequel, and I would not mind seeing one more. One day, as I rummaged through the videos in a mall store, I came across a movie titled 'Return of the Boogey Man'. When I found out it was a continuation of the earlier films, I was happy to pay a few dollars for it ... I should have known better. Although the opening title is "Boogey Man 3", this is not a continuation of these two far superior films that I mentioned above. Well, not quite anyway. <br /> <br /> Pros: Ha! That's a laugh. Is there something good about this cow dung? Let's see ... it has footage of 'The Boogey Man' and um ... it's mercifully short. Yes, that's it. <br /> <br /> Disadvantages: Where should I start? Decisions decisions. First of all, this movie is totally boring. It goes from one scene to the next, without anything being interesting or scary from afar. The play is stiff at best. The "actors" are most likely friends of the director who previously had no acting experience and probably none. The plot does not exist and the script is written lightly. The direction is just awful. The director tries to make the film look artistic by moving the camera, flickering lights and working with filters, but it does not add anything. The music is boring and sometimes hard to hear. Ties to the original are botched. Suzanna Love's character was Lacey, not Natalie! And the events that were presented at the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978. If this has a 3 in the title, then why not mention what happened in II? After all, this adds nothing new or interesting to either the series or the genre. <br /> <br /> Final Thoughts: The people behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed. It's one thing if this was an original movie that was the director's first and crappy. Instead, it's supposed to be a continuation of the movie, which is not a masterpiece, but certainly much more interesting and entertaining. If there is ever another sequel that I doubt, she must forget that it has ever happened, and be handled either by Lommel herself or by someone who has at least some idea of ​​how to make a decent horror movie My rating: 1/5
