Let me just say that I loved the original boogeyman. Sure, it's a flawed stereotypical 80's horror movie, but these guys are fun! And besides, there was something else. So I bought it gladly and to my surprise this movie came along (just the copy they actually had), so I thought "Eh, what the hell" and bought it. Mistake # 1. That night, I felt in the mood to watch a movie (I actually bought tons that day) and figured that this was the shortest of all I bought, so I'm just watching it and hit the bag. Mistake # 2. Yeah, I heard how bad it was, but I was ready to take a chance. <br /> <br /> So a few minutes after the movie and there is the first flashback. At first I do not think so. Then the new material with the prediction of the chick in the bathtub and I like the direction in which it goes. Then the next flashback, which is a bit longer, and I'm sitting there thinking, "Yeah, I saw the first Boogeyman." ! I know what happens, so move on! "Then the next one comes, and I guess I screw and drive fast, then the last one (maybe I went through the explanation quickly, but why did she lied on top of the mirror, at least she could have shown it!) And I decide WOW, what happened to the predictive stuff, what happened to the long-haired guy (did he top that or what?) and, more importantly, what for a weed was the author and director who smoked when he made this terrible POS? !!! And what was the point, did Annie just look back on what happened in the first movie, or did that happen from the first movie? the same time, the latter could make sense, because the tights Face was stabbed in 1978. This was the case according to the figures in this film 15 years later .. Wait a minute, no, it would not! For Lacey (who has the movie Nancy questionable Is Uli too stupid to remember the names of his movie characters?) I would be 20 years old since she was 5 when that happened, and she's not just married to someone who looks 30, but also a kid, that looks at 7 and 10! Did she get around middle school? And why should the tights be after Annie? What connection does she have to the characters of the original movie? And a BIG GIANT FILM ERROR that I found in this movie is that someone, when writing in his notebook, realizes he's just screaming? Wow, how professional, Doc! So what is the explanation for all the questions I have asked above? It's a directionless movie that never thought of! I'll try to find a copy of the original movie that's coming with this movie, and that's it (maybe a few extra features, any special edition of it?). Then I will return this DVD and hopefully this review and all the others will prevent those who have not yet seen it from seeing it, which causes movie stores to get rid of them and this movie no longer exists! Please let that be so! Sorry, this review is so long. I'm just mad at this movie, which I had to vent somehow
