Mourning couples, after losing their daughter, move to a hut on a mountain and find spirits haunting the area, restless ghosts of former inmates who have committed suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for the terrible death of her daughter because he did not lock the door and the marriage has deteriorated. Julie remains in a zombie state that is emotionally, distant and deaf, shooting only a nearby, abandoned jail and finding a startling picture of a ghoul girl holding on to bars in a cell. Although Allen sees nothing out of the ordinary, Julie continues to take pictures and we can see that something is not quite right. A local artisan, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a rather distant guy who holds a secret, becomes a dangerous threat when it turns out that his dead mother has something to do with the plagues that happen to the pykes. In the meantime, the neighbors who sold the pykes in the cabin have also become victims. The abuse of alcoholic Mr. Booth on his wife comes back to persecute him. Allen will do an exploration of the history of his cabin and try to decipher the riddle of the place. <br /> <br /> Lots of ghosts moving in the background in this murky supernatural story, with virtually every character unhappy. Cheri Christian remains so empty and lost, it's incredibly hard to connect with her, even though you understand her plight. The acting remains, as often mentioned, frustrating, as none of the characters just let it snap into place. I suppose it should be like this under these circumstances, but the trouble I had was never to hug the Pykes properly because they were in a calm attitude. Cheri is as cold and distant as I think a mother would be if you lost a child this way, but the icy nature made me beg inwardly to embrace her, which I never could. I think the right performers, even when the characters experience emotional turmoil, can capture the hearts of their audience when a humanity calls to us. In that case, the leads can not do this for some reason. I could be, I do not know. I wanted to take care of them, but nothing in the characters that tore at my heart. However, as the movie progresses, Allen slowly reveals certain truths and has to fight back against his wife, who has convinced herself that her daughter is among them and that she will not lose her little girl again. Jim, the unstable neighbor who believes that he has to kill the pykes to stop the ghosts that plague the area from becoming a vital threat. The ghosts remain a central part of the film, their presence, especially the mother of Jim, who is established in the distance. The finale reveals all of them as Allen must find help for his wife as they try to thwart Jim's mission. It was hard for me to get into this subject because I was dissatisfied with the leads and their characters.
