Okay, what the hell is that supposed to be? Is it a family fantasy movie to continue exploiting the enormous success of Spielberg's "Close Encounters of the Third Kind"? Or a return to the glory days of prehistoric epics like "When the Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth" and "The Lost World"? Maybe it's an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we all can not understand? Yes, that must be it! Whatever it is, the creators of "The Day Time Ended" (the good old John 'Bud' Cardos of "Kingdom of the Spiders" and the writer David Schmoeller of "Tourist Trap") smelled quite a lot of glue when writing down the Ideas for this crazy bunch of genres. History does not make the slightest sense and the narrative structure is hellishly incoherent, but, hey, who cares, as long as it has papier mâché dinosaurs, miniature space probes, headache-inducing light and laser shows, and spontaneous burning supernova types! The voice-over introduction is virtually inaudible, but do not worry, it's all gibberish! Did you know that the definition of 'time' is not what we all think? Time does not necessarily pass chronologically, it is a huge paradox! Words spoken thousands of years ago are still floating around, and even things that will happen in the future are already surrounding us. I have absolutely no idea what that all means, but apparently it offers a slight excuse to collect screened aliens and good-natured dinosaurs on screen. I deliberately say good-natured dinosaurs because one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks on the front door at some point before threatening its targets. The crazy story revolves around a family of crazies living in their solar-powered home in the middle of nowhere. Grandpa is extremely annoying, the granddaughter even more, grandma is a walking billboard for plastic surgery, the youngest son is strangely reminiscent of Prince Valiant and the young mother? incredibly hot! For some reason Chris Mitchum wanders senselessly through the shooting as a husband of the hot Mommy on a business trip. The special effects are cheesy and absolutely ridiculous (I sincerely hope that the other reviewer who spoke of "excellent special effects" was sarcastic), but the most ingenious aspect here are the dialogues! Just read this wondrous example of extraordinary writing: <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "You know what that is, right? This is a time-space warp! <br /> <br /> Stevie: "I'm not sure I know what that means, Dad. "<br /> <br /> Grandpa:" Well, I guess nobody really does that "<br /> <br /> Decide, Gramps! You know what it is or not you? And stop it, Talking about "The Vortex" as if you were a kind of expert in this field, "The Day Time Ended" is an incredibly childish and not-too-fancy fantasy I can fully understand that some fans appreciate the movie because they love it seen from a young age and fascinated by the extravagant effects, the end comes out of nowhere, as if they suddenly run out of money or like the effects The mushrooms they ate were unexpectedly exhausted.
