'1408' is the latest hodgepodge of cheap fear tactics. The way that horror fans look like with date films occasionally jump into their seat and scream into your ear, but disappoint the audience looking for some depth and direction. John Cusak plays a writer who has made a career He wrote books describing his experience of staying in supposedly haunted hotels. Despite the assurance of patrons and owners that spirits roam the halls, there is little that makes him a true believer in the paranormal. When he finds out about the story of Room 1408 at the Overlook Hotel - no wait, I mean, the Dolphin Hotel in New York City - he decides that it will finish his last book. But Samuel L. Jackson, who plays the hotel owner, is trying hard to dissuade his guest with tales of the atrocities that have occurred in the area since the hotel opened many years ago. The story is simple and, as potential skeptics, we must sit through Jackson's tedious, predictive hike. <br /> <br /> In other words, be scared! Be very scared! <br /> <br /> Of course, it's easy to convince the audience that it's just been paid to see a thriller that does not really take long to get here. And if what followed was much more than cheap "boos" that become so frequent and arbitrary that one could expect them soon. The temperature in the room changes automatically. The walls drip with blood. The fearless writer can not open the door, and so on, and after almost an hour and a half after promising it to the public, he promised great excitement to sit down and hope that at least one of the end can be thrilled. With the suspicion of dream sequences and other derived time wasters that will not dispel our doubts that the movie might finally have something to do before the movie ends to make the movie a little less than completely forgotten. <br /> <br /> Despite great performances (as always) by Cusak, who is essentially the entire movie, most of the other notable roles (ie Samuel L. Jackson) are wasted in insignificant supporting roles. The real mystery here is how this movie got such a high audience rating. Ghosts for ballots
