I have to say that I was disappointed with this movie. I've never been a huge BNL fan, I find their songs somehow childish and obsessively nostalgic (this is me in 9th grade, if I had a million dollars, shoe box of life, etc.). However, I have seen clips from their live show and I like the improvisational and stupid nature of the show. I was hoping that this movie would highlight what is unfortunately the most interesting part of the show because their music is well played, but somehow bland and not so convincing (there is a standup bass solo in the middle that's completely pointless and boring, despite how much Jim Creegan dug). The film does not show and shows only a few minutes of it (and you know that they had better moments than in the Afgahnistan concert "Koffee Anan, he's the responsible guy, my name is Steve Paige and I'm really tall"). <br /> <br /> BNL is as if I've traveled to Europe a few years ago and heard that this "Blue" song by Effeil 99 or whatever happened every two minutes. I came back to Canada and a month later the song was back everywhere *, I almost chewed my own arm. BNL is like that, years ago I remember a lot of nice memories of sitting around the campfire in Canada and listening to people play "If I had a million dollars". BNL has been a cult phenomenon in Canada, and much of its humor has a special Canadian twist (Kraft Dinner is a staple for many students here, and the name "Gordon" is typically Canadian). Some years passed where they slipped and I was a little thankful. Then they suddenly become very big in the States, and everyone down there thinks that they are this brand new band (yes, they are brand new, but they are all in their 30s!), While the rest of Canada "Oh gosh, me thought the guys had folded years ago, do I have to hear "million dollars" again? <br /> <br /> The concert material is not bad, but I would have liked to see more of their stage. Normally, filming is not like that Great, and things like clips from their massive free show in Boston are glaced too fast. The interviews are surprisingly boring for such a funny group of people. I think they are all old and they have families and houses and stuff and have calmed down a bit. There are times when they deal with Spinal Tap material, where they deliver dead pan satire, and then they burst into laughter and giggles that ruin them. The interviews with Moses Znaimer (a Canadian media mogul) and Terry David Mulligan (music buddy) are extremely overbearing and inadvertently invade Tap territory. It's basically a show and at the beginning of the movie they are already huge and have a massive entourage. It's not like we're lifting them out of the darkness and "surprising" them that they're popular. It's a methodically planned event, so in the end it's rather lifeless, half live concert, half documentary and not much. <br /> <br />
