For those of you who have never heard of it (or seen it on A & E), Cracker is a brilliant British TV show about an overweight, chain-smoking psychologist named Fitz, who helps Manchester's police force get violent Criminal It is considered one of the most beautiful shows ever to come from England (and that says it all) and was hugely successful in 1993 and around the world. Now, the original stars have teamed up with the original author to eliminate another 2-hour episode. I loved this show since I saw it for the first time over ten years ago. The DVD box holds a place of honor in my collection, and I can quote many of Fitz's interrogation scenes, word for word as it were. The idea that Robbie Coltrane would meet again with Jimmy McGovern for another TV movie about Fitz filled me with absolute joy. <br /> <br /> I start with the good. I was very impressed with how fast Fitz was defined as a character in the original Cracker series. Five minutes in the first episode? with his talk (throwing the books in the air), his drinking and his curse of the guy after him in the queue for slot machines? and you just knew who that character was. You can feel him "clicking" in his head. This kind of click only happens when a great actor gets a great role written by a great author. Of course, Coltrane stayed great throughout the show, but I always felt that some of the later episodes? not written by McGovern ?? The character was treated badly. <br /> <br /> The good news is: Fitz is back. As soon as you see him in this show? make incredibly inappropriate comments at the wedding of his daughter? You will feel the "click" again. It is he: eager for a moment and really sorry for the next moment, always enlightening, sincerely to the point of tact, but ingeniously funny. If you love this character as much as I do, you'll love how he's portrayed in the movie. And that extends to Judith and Mark: indeed, everything that has to do with the Fitzs, handled perfectly. <br /> <br /> The problem I have with this film is the crime Fitz tries to solve. In standard cracker fashion, do we know exactly who the criminal is in the first five minutes? The tension is that Fitz found out. In this case we have a serial killer out on American blood. And the reason for that is unfortunately not due to a believable psychological trauma. Rather, it seems that the murders are only there to allow the writer to present his personal political beliefs. <br /> <br /> I find it difficult to write this because I truly believe that Jimmy McGovern is one of the greatest writers in the world. I also have no problem with films that deal with current issues, or films that take a political stance. However, in the cracker universe, we expect the characters to behave like humans, not like cartoons. Instead, Americans are portrayed in a very stereotypical way in this film. You do not know anything that complains about everything that treat locals like crap and cheat on their wives? one of them even manages to get everything done in less than 5 minutes. I thought honestly, I would have accidentally changed channels or so. <br /> <br /> But it does not stop. We are constantly reminded of how bad the war in Iraq is? Memories that have nothing to do with the story and appear practically out of nowhere. The killer rages so much that Bush is worse than Hitler, that he almost forgets to continue the murder; but to put it in a nutshell, he is a mouthpiece for the writer's political views that he forgets how to act as a credible person, and so we? as an audience? Do not buy his sudden transformation from a happy family man to a tortured serious soul. <br /> <br /> I can not say that this ruined the show for me? It was still a good TV, better than almost everything else in the genre (mainly because of Coltrane). But his constant politicization made it impossible to be as good as the real cracker classics like "To Be A Somebody"? An episode that was just as "problematic" but treated with much more subtle and psychological depth. Two more little points: Panhandle is not disappointed, but what's worse is her replacement. The entire police department? filled with such great characters for so long - is now full of vanilla. Completely interchangeable cops lacking any personality (how to drain Couples Richard Coyle from personality is a mystery to me, but it's really lacking here). <br /> <br /> Besides, there are some moments when the show lost its credibility for me. In one such case, Fitz has to limit the total population of Manchester from one million to one hundred, according to some very strange criteria (French windows, how does the computer know if I have French windows?)? He succeeds not only, but he can do it in less than an hour. I do not believe that. All in all, I was a little disappointed. It's a good idea to look, but do not forget to leave some of your expectations at the door. But if there's a new series after that, it would all be for the better: I'm convinced that McGovern can still write great stuff, and maybe now that he's got his policy out of his system, he can write about people again.
