Man, I find it really hard to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball had something to do with this mess. Having seen the first two episodes so far, I think I can say for sure that this series will not be on my must list. There are so many things working against it. <br /> <br /> None of the cast actors is particularly good. Anna Paquin as lead actress Sookie is just awful. I remember that in many other things I saw her in, she was better. Maybe it's just writing. It's also no fun to look at her, there are moments when she's actually ugly. The actor who plays Bill is slightly better just because his character is somehow made of wood and restrained. The other actors do their best, but with the cliché characters with hard-to-perform accents given to them, it's a tough job. Tara is in absolute misery, Rutina Wesley absolutely kills the accent. It's bad like nails on a blackboard. Almost as horrible is Nelsan Ellis, it's hard to understand what he sometimes even says. Both his character and Tara seem a bit racist to me. I do not know if a character in an HBO show says "Whycome", which is not The Wire, it looks a bit strange. Rounding out the cast is Sookie's grandmother, her sex-addicted brother, and the only ingenious casting I've ever seen as a sheriff in William Sanderson. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be moving at this point, without really worrying about the viewer's interest. The romance novel is very Dark Shadow-sy. Although this increases the camp factor of something like the old Dark Shadows episodes by ten. Sometimes it seemed so belligerent that I just have to assume that it was intended. But unlike a show like Buffy, which has skilfully pulled off the camp, this show does not. The Campiness lacks the extreme Gore and the graphic sex of the show. I'm not averse to either if done well, as is the case in many other HBO shows, but at least the boring, hardcore sex scenes in which Jason Stackhouse is involved seem a bit over the top and pointless. <br /> <br /> About the only nice thing I can really say is that I liked the title sequence. HBO has had a lot of bad luck with their shows lately. I hope they stop after the first season and try to do something better.
