For each series that makes it to television, 100 ideas are formed, 50 scripts written, 15 pilots created, and one, only one, actually manages to produce. Through such a selection process, we believe that the end product must be the cream of the harvest. For what other reason could so many ideas be rejected to give us a single television series? <br /> <br /> And that's the way it is with True Blood; All the stars lined up and what began as a series of novels turned into an idea, a script, a pilot and finally a series. Unfortunately, sometimes it can be a long journey and on the way there are many twists that eventually change what is good and pure and show that people believe that people are best suited for ratings. Oh, how wrong are they so often? <br /> <br /> True Blood is an example of a creative concept that has evolved into one of the poorest storylines, worst acting and dumbest subplots, as has happened in recent television history. His international cast with relatively unknown actors has difficulty finding their voices, but keeps stumbling over their false southern accents. Alan Ball's not-so-secret wishes for Ryan (Jason Stackhouse) give us a new act every week, though this often has nothing to do with the storyline. Tara's angry black female character does not connect and they hoped that the vamps secretly hope for her before coming to another speech on white oppression while attending a ceremony for the Glorious Dead of the Confederacy. Sam finds suppressed love for Sookie and we suddenly think that he has to watch morning, noon and night, even though she has been working with her for years and avoiding such relationships. <br /> <br /> As with Bill the Vampire, His moral climax quickly turned up at the first opportunity to love Sookie, and it's not a problem to make a quick snack of her (though she stays unscathed) , We find that the other vampires are not as mainstream as Bill, but are keen to be accepted by a public, as they see the living legs as Happy Meals. Despite my best efforts to live through the first six episodes I have come to the conclusion that no matter how long you see a bad show, it is still bad. Something dies for a reason, even vampires. Maybe this show should be too.
