This show had a lot of hype, but I did not know until the middle season (season 1). Someone even recommended the show to me. But I decided that I would wait until the end of the season if I wanted to look at it to see it in large quantities. Due to the format of the show, I am happy that I have been waiting. I imagine it would have been pretty annoying if almost every episode ended up in the middle of a cliffhanger and then have to wait another week to find out what happened in the next second of the show. Show managed to have too much sex insert. Jason will have sex with just about anything that moves. As soon as he finds out that a woman with whom he had sex was killed, he lies in bed with another woman the next night! Then Tara and Sam continue, though everyone knows that Sam loves Sookie. And for some reason Sookie gets angry when she finds out later - even though she's sleeping with a vampire. One of the problems with the show is that it does not do a good job looking after the characters. I really did not care about Jason. Along with his endless pursuit of history, he was rude to the people who really cared about him. After a few episodes, I would not have minded if he was somehow killed. For that reason, I was largely uninterested in the killings until Sookie's grandmother became a victim (since the first two had more to do with Jason). Then, once Sookie and Bill have sex history, they get some more bargaining. Tara's mother wants an exorcism, then the exorcist tries to convince Tara that she should have one to remove her own demon. The whole thing of exorcism did not bother me so much as I know there are some people who really believe in this stuff. However, they waste little time showing that it is a farce right after Tara spends about $ 1300 on exorcisms for her and her mother. Elsewhere, some developments are too fast. Jason is still an idiot, trying to sell his grandmother's material to vampire blood, which is apparently the new crack or something. In his search, he finds this girl who will do V (vampire blood) with him. They become tall and fall in love with each other within three days, kidnapping a vampire for a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill has to go to a vampire tribunal. He's only gone two days before Sookie feels abandoned and wonders if he considers "vampire politics" more important than she does. Subtlety is not the strength of the show. It is not a genius to find out what is going on with the domestic dog. Although my guess was not over yet, she was not a big surprise. But at the end of the last two episodes it got really annoying as it pushed all developments into your face as if you could not understand it yourself. When Tara gets into the car accident, the naked woman's face becomes clearly visible with the pig and was easily recognizable when she appeared in prison for the rescue operation. As if that was not enough, they show the lady later with the pig back home. Then it's time to complete the murder story. At the end of the penultimate episode, it turns out that Renee is not the one he says he is, most likely the killer. In the last episode, they push Renee into her face as a murderer. Sookie notes that it is strange that Renee's thoughts have no accent. I thought that was good, because Renee acts fraudulently. The next scene, however, is full of incriminating evidence against Renee. They show that Renee has Maudette's band with the vampire, and his fiancé, in one of Renee's boxes, finds a tape about faking a Cajun accent. At the time, it was just ridiculous. I mean, we get it !!! So blah blah blah blah stuff happened. Bill almost kills himself when he can not save Sookie, who still manages to kill Renee. They are starting to set up Season 2 by leaving the outstanding issues. The nude pig lady and Sam have a story, Lafayette has disappeared and could have been killed. Jason is currently being brainwashed by an anti-vampire church, which interests me even less. <br /> <br /> It's almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this show. I think I just expected this show to get better. I'm interested in seeing what happens in Season 2, but if I see it, I'll most likely be waiting for the season's finale.
