There are two types of characters on THE SHIELD: people who try to do their best and do the right thing, and people who relentlessly pursue their self-interest and commit any mortal sin they can while saying to themselves and to everyone else that they are heroes and all hope only. The SHIELD is more than any other show about hypocrisy and self-deception. Unfortunately, the hypocrites and self-deceptive ones are the show heroes, and as such they have the unlikely immunity of typical genre-fiction heroes to be defeated or captured, and they keep coming to the fore and making fools out of their peers. > <br /> The show offers excellent camera work. The lead ins and the fade outs are always excellent. It is really a work of art to see. Unfortunately, the story is a reworked scenario that fulfills the desire for unfulfilled violence, rape, and lies. <br /> <br /> The hero who destroys everyone after a failed plan is wiley like a Warner brother cartoon character who always flees and makes fun of all the Elmer Fudds (who does not find him in his lies and Crime), automatically attracts every good-looking supportive character to the show, surviving any attempt to bring him to justice and ALWAYS scratching himself with his torturous self-justifications. If another policeman something is wrong, what he does, and someone is injured as a result of his actions, he always blames the police suspects, regardless of his plans and his elaborate lies and damned plans are always the cause. Every time. <br /> <br /> Like 24, this show relies on tools and countless delays to pull their story out for season after season. Boring, incredible long-term stories are added each season in the plot to create a skeleton on which bloody, perverse pieces of meat can be hung, who are the corrupt acts of the characters and the inevitable cover-ups. <br /> <br /> Most disappointing, however, is the hubris of the writers, who are trying to change the sympathy of the audience and to move the characters on a whim. Sometimes they want us to see Shane as an enemy. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor, misunderstood soul. Sometimes they want us to see Vic as a dangerous, sexual dynamo. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor guy with a gold heart. Sometimes they want us to see Mara as a low, hideous Jezebel. Then they think, when we show her how she sits and talks with Shane about her dreams, we will find her sympathetic and tragic. <br /> <br /> None of these manipulations is enough to get the kind of sympathy they want. Once they've shown that these characters are ruining other people's lives for their own purposes, that's all. It's nonsense, always trying to jump back and forth. But it is also nonsense to produce seven seasons of limping clowns who attract every existing supermodel in their beds and leave a crime syndicate right under the noses of all directly run from the police station.
