A young black man playing in South Africa tries to land a part in a gangsta movie. But without knowledge of street life, he is told to find out how this life really is, or he does not get the role. He manages to get into a gang run by an old friend from school, and his chances of appearing in the movie go back as he commits crimes to be accepted. But for the gang leader, the burgeoning catastrophe in his new friend's life offers a great opportunity to do better with his own. <br /> <br /> That may sound relatively interesting, but it is anything but. The first half is unbelievably meandering and boring, while the "kidnapping" only takes place toward the end with some very poorly executed low-speed car chases. These "chases" use only two police cars, both from Nissan Sunny's in the early 1990s. Not only would this be cheap (and I find it rather hard to believe that they would use so trivial old cars in South Africa in 2000), but as far as I can remember, only two are involved. None of them gets a scratch. The chases are very bad, with distant and poorly timed camera angles and minimal traffic on the roads, and they are over within a maximum of two minutes, since one should believe that a very small child is indeed a high-altitude experienced driver The police can escape easily, even though the driving is pedestrian and absolutely indescribable. This leads me now to the characters and the actors who are just as bad. The above-mentioned child driving car looks about 13 years old and is said to be extremely adept at losing the incredibly incompetent police. Everyone else is not convincing either, so much so that sometimes they look bored themselves. <br /> <br /> In the final scene of the movie, our main character ("Sox Moraka") is asked by the gang leader to steal a car from a parking lot. When the door is opened, the police come and ask him what he's doing, and he tells him it's their car. After a brief argument, they try to arrest him, then he holds the police at gunpoint and jumps back in their car. After he has invaded, the police awaken the fire and are wounded. After another pathetic pursuit sequence, they decide to leave the car and set fire to destroy all the evidence. What follows is one of the most ridiculous and heinous special effects I've ever seen. When the car "explodes", flames suddenly pop up from each window with awesome sound effects that are not even in time. It's so bad and so fake that it's hard to put into words, and you really have to be seen to be believed. If you watch it in slow motion, it looks even funnier. I have seen better effects than these in murder reconstruction documentation. The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not be worth much at all, and they could not afford to destroy it with a real explosion? I would like to know what the budget for this film was. It feels so cheap that I'm surprised it originated outside of South Africa, and it's even more amazing that there was a DVD release. <br /> <br /> I know it's not a big Hollywood production. I know it's supposed to portray gangs in impoverished townships in South Africa stealing middle-class cars and selling the parts on the black market, but with the ridiculous results, poorly executed car chases, terrible plays and ridiculous characters, any sense of reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> Overall, I certainly do NOT recommend you to see this. If you have a laugh and should see one of the worst-made, low-budget amovie ever, then I would recommend it, and only that. <br /> <br /> It's a miserable, ill-fated, bad-handled, badly running and tedious piece of cheap fraud, which fails in all points. I've seen a lot of South African movies, including lots of cheap NuImage / Nu-World action pics, and despite their cheesiness, they are far better in every way.
