***** ATTENTION, SPOILERS MAY CONTAIN MORE THAN THIS TRIPE. **** <br /> <br /> Here is some good advice for those living in the UK. Whenever Channel 5 has an old 80s comedy Late at night, read a book instead. I'm just recovering from a seizure because I've read some comments on this movie. I'm really shocked that someone said this movie is realistic! All I can say, thank God, the Cold War has never escalated, or we could have given the Commie our limits ... I found this movie extremely ashamed, maybe it's just my British perception of what makes a movie funny , Who knows? But in every way, this movie is not only terrible, his teeth are terribly horrible. <br /> <br /> I've never been a fan of Bill Murray and his trash is the reason my feelings justify him. Do not get me wrong, I loved Ghostbuster's, which was written just three years after this movie. But that brings Bill Murray to the point. I can say for sure that I have not wasted my time so much since I first learned to operate Delta Force here. However, these two films have more in common than you think. For one, they both have terrible action sequences from start to finish and the second. They are both mixed with cheesy clichés. <br/> <br /> Here's one thing, these guys are supposed to be in the "US Army". Nevertheless, they are allowed to roll around their camp without Willy, to seduce female military police and then stupidly begging them in the General's quarters. Talk about coincidence! This movie is just terrible, I'm afraid. Do not get me wrong, I'm not a feminist sympathizer, but the fact that these two women fall in love with the two characters shortly after they arrested and released them ... Twice that's insulting to the female race. The fact that a thick-haired, thick-lipped ass (Winger) and his luckless buddy Ramis can just talk into the MP's underwear, in which they fall in love with them immortally, is ridiculous. <BR /> <br /> Then there are the training scenes in which you meet the Squad "Phycho", who does not convincingly threaten to kill anyone who touches him or his stuff, followed by the overweight guy (played by the late and big John Candy). claiming he joined the army "to avoid paying $ 400 for anger management classes". As a result, Murray paid tribute to "Giant Toe" (WTF?) "Drill Seargent," who honestly could not organize beer in a brewery, let alone his group of recruits. This scene just serves to prepare a lot of fight scenes, and people say "way to the asshole"! all the time, etc. etc. <br /> <br /> The scenes then show how the rags day heap on the Assault course forms the breasts of itself, resulting in a scene in which one of shooting them wildly in the air, birds passing by with an assault rifle and peppering a watchtower with bullets. (Just like that, yes, I told you that this movie happened to be coincidental ... he miraculously escapes undisciplined as well ...) Eventually climb into the parade where the hapless squad takes a magical turn within two hours. (Bugger me, Miracle!) Thanks to some clever words from Murray, to which they then massively do not direct a military dance program before a geriatric 'general' in front of the other squads. All this to the great joy of her two friends on the stand, they should have actually arrested ... Everyone laughs about it. This piece is nothing short of amazing. Then he selects them to protect a new multi-million dollar prototype armored vehicle in Italy (which turns out to be just a green mobile home with many gadgets inside), claiming "That's what this army needs!" righto ... <br /> <br /> Then there's the terrible finale where Murray and Ramis decide to steal this top-secret prototype military vehicle to pick up their newly acquired and somewhat hyperactive MP girlfriends in Germany. The hapless captain (John Larroquette) then learns and leads the squad of fresh recruits on a retrieval mission for this vehicle. They then take a "wrong turn" and land in Soviet hero-Czechoslovakia, where they are captured. (As if we had not seen this coming ...) So begins a rescue attempt by Ramis and Murray + Birds in the hand, to which a big fight, heavy shooting from the hip and tanks jump up. With them, they come back as national heroes and humiliate the Russians by calling them "pussies" and so on. The end. Right. No court-martial, nothing. They stole only one prototype of a military vehicle, went to a Warsaw Pact country and almost caused an international incident that could have triggered World War III. I know it should be a comedy, it has all the right actors for it, but where the hell is it? Did Channel 5 cut these bits out? The only redeemer in this film is the repetitive use of naked women showering and female mud wrestling. (As I said, Random) Not that of course it helps to deviate from the fact that this is a totally crappy movie. This movie should be realistic about immature 9-year-olds. Unfortunately we have to look at him instead. 1 out of 10 stars - Total Tripe. My advice, do something useful with your time. How do you castrate yourself ...
