I have just "If ??" I can remember the commercial for the 1968 movie, so I finally wanted to see it. It may be the perspective of an American who has never visited a British public school and misses some of the social references, but I found the movie awful. For one thing, as others have pointed out, it takes almost the entire movie until the ballyhooed-to-the-time revolt breaks out. On the other hand, it does not matter if the last scene is real or imaginable, not a rebellion, but a shooting raid. There is a big difference. <br /> <br /> I know that it can be bad to judge a movie about subsequent events, but you can not avoid it here. One person wrote a message board asking us not to compare the end of the movie to what happened at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. However, if there is a difference between Klebold, Harris and Cho on the one hand and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other, I just can not see it. All four believed their rifle fire would cleanse an enlightened world for which they arrogantly take no responsibility. <br /> <br /> What brings me to this: why are Travis and his comrades hell? even in a school they so despise? They are adults or close. You're not in a military prison like the inmates of "The Hill," a much better British movie from about the same time. No one is forcing them to go to college and whipping whips apart from ambitious parents who need to be awakened about the nature of their sons. I had the opportunity to join a community in college, unless I could not bear stupid, cruel orders from criminals claiming to be my future "brothers." I have come to the conclusion that the "in" with the establishment offering frats is missing, and I can not say that I regretted it. <br /> <br /> If Travis ceases Lenin's second coming (his unused picture hangs up) (he's prominent in his room) he can go out and organize a mechanics union or work for Michael Foot's next election. If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, get on his way and write. What use could he give the world if he rides a motorcycle and gets drunk in his room? <br /> <br /> Sometimes the reviewers have to be like the person who responded to the scene in "Last Tango In Paris", where Brando hopes to have a date with cow dung on his shoes. In the real world, the person said, a listener said, "Why did not you scratch it off? Change your shoes?" - Do not let fictional characters pacify you because you do not dare to point out a reasonable alternative course of action. That's the way it is here
