If .... is the cinematic equivalent of Sgt. Pepper's: Revered by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation and seen by past and future generations as a stupid business. Now that the children of the middle classes around the world seem to be very humane because of the Internet, and consider the prospect of boarding through the Harry Potter books / movies as a wonderful opportunity, the relevance of ... if not .. It is further from the modern concern. In fact, many scenes seem so foreign and exaggerated that they suggest inspiration for Pink Floyd's The Wall. <br /> <br /> One should never raise personal prejudices about a movie, while the review and the cemented date of this movie are aside, there are some shortcomings that others have overlooked. Lindsay Anderson was a fan of Luis Buñuel and also too smart for his own good. And despite a straightforward narrative through the first and second acts, the last part of the piece he had taken hostage by the surrealism of the Buñuel cod and the attacks on symbolism. Anderson was unable to do this feat because of his over-intelligent cynicism when he did not notice that Buñuel was happy at work. I have not found a critic to produce the "chaplain in the drawer" and I'm almost sure there are still side glances from those who love this movie. The end is not so much a punch for the established class / value system as a wet hit on a moving target. The British public school system was firmly established for the middle classes (the upper crust) at home by private tutors). And the procedure of if .... was to mark the boxes of public school life that Lindsay believed were still unexplored in the film, destroying the claim of the middle class. Homosexuality, generators, cold showers, etc. In fact, such issues had been dealt with in many other British films, if ... they were just highlighted. The Browning version was a rather oblique deterioration of such pomp, just to name a few. <br /> <br /> if ... is strangely curious and just can not be looked at with modern (especially American) eyes. Kudos to Anderson for avoiding Mick and Kieth in favor of African singing and a few brownie points for the latent homoerotic overtones. Points for presumptuousness, detection of characters disappearing, and incitement to a revolution that was doomed to failure.
