The British public school system not only developed with the idea of ​​educating the upper classes despite this popular and widespread misunderstanding. It was to win over administrators, governors, civil servants, and military leaders to lead the British colonies. These people were almost fully recruited. As the public schools began to show their value, the aristocracy's offspring were sent to them instead of being educated at home by tutors and governesses, as was the case in the past. They tended to favor the schools near Town. "Thus, Eton and Harrow became especially popular with this class of parents, and most public schools deprived their students from the lower social level - Tom Brown, perhaps the most famous student the public school, was the son of a country pastor, not a strapped-in earl, in England, a country that was in post-colonial guilt in the late 1960s, and gave up its final obligations to its former relatives as quickly as Harold Wilson Lindsay Anderson's "If" was greeted with cathartic music delight in the clattering classes and mild confusion among all the others.It must be remembered that the so-called "Summer of Love" was followed by the "October Revolution", an incident in which some policemen in London with injured heads and the US Embassy with one or two broken feet nstern remained, but absolutely nothing was achieved. When Mr. Anderson's movie hit the cinemas, the angry former revolutionaries reveled in what they saw as Mr. Malcolm McDowell's glorious victory over an amorphous "you," even though he was ruthlessly shot down in the end, a destiny that is beyond doubt If you had succeeded in creating their attempts in the USE embassy. The film did not tell us anything new about public schools, homosexuality, bullying cold showers, sarcastic patrician teachers, silly traditions. An all-too-familiar list. He was declared an allegory comparing Britain to the corrupt, decaying society that represents the school. Well, almost forty years at the same schools are still flourishing, the British social system has not changed, the "October Revolution" has long been forgotten, except by those involved on one side or the other, and Mr. Anderson has his "State of Country "Trilogy without effect. If you happen to want to read a book about students who have used the system somewhat more successfully than Mr. McDowell and his friends and lived beyond to tell the story, you will find a copy of "Stalky & Co." published by the The author was whose mime-filled poem "If" gave Mr. Anderson's film his name, a man born in colonial India whose man spouts out of our literary history with airbrushing. Person. Maybe someone should start a revolution.
