There is a really good scene in Faat Kine. The title character gets into a fight with another woman and after being threatened, Faat Kine squirts her face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre and quite funny at the same time. In this one case, author / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience a character that makes it easy to find, an interesting movie character worth two hours. In the scene he presents a brave woman who is brave. For the rest of the film, the only thing he seems to present is contradictory tones. <br /> <br /> The sound is everywhere. It's true that not all movies have to fit into a specific genre, but I do not think Faat Kine fits any genre. Supposedly it is a drama, though there are moments of such a broad comedy (the above-mentioned spray on the face) that can not be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with the plethora of serious issues that Sembene has portrayed. There is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama together. Unfortunately, Semebene does not find this balance. Instead, scene after scene drift into each other without much reason or reason, with two different sounds hanging in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine also has the problem of running for two hours with an extremely lengthy finale. The movie ends with a big party where all the characters' conflicts are resolved, except that they are not resolved quickly. The scene takes longer than any other scene and probably lasts twenty minutes. Since the rest of the scenes are meandered to this point, the finale is especially hard to take. Repetitions start early in the scene, creating a frustrating visual experience. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm also tough on Faat Kine. I am not the right audience for it. I did not feel anything against the characters and had no connection to any part of the story. There are people who are likely to find something meaningful in history and see strong characters. However, I could not do that and can not recommend it.
