Shlock dealer Leo Fulci makes a change by making a trashy, barely coherent sword and magic fantasy movie instead of his usual, trashy, barely coherent horror. <br /> <br /> An eyelashed Orlando Bloom type called Iliad, from a society vaguely resembling ancient Greece, travels across the ocean to Cavern Territory on a vaguely defined battle to combat evil where he teams up with an animal-loving hunter to become the wolf humans and mutant henchmen of a vampire topless evil sorceress. Madness arises. The sorceress harassed the local cavemen and wants the magic arc for themselves. She sends various henchmen, each one a bit stranger than the last, after our heroes who eventually assert themselves and strike the oppressed caveman everywhere. This movie contains a steady stream of WTF? Elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the entire film is taken with blur and the image is blurred by the constant fog on the screen. This could have been an attempt to create atmosphere or conceal how wrong everything looks. Either way, it failed. There is no atmosphere unless there is cheating and a slight confusion, and there is no hiding how lame everything looks. The Wolfman henchmen look like the wookie of a poor man. For some reason, the director fell in love with shots in which they leaped in slow motion in six-million-dollar-man style as they jumped to our heroes when they attacked. There are probably a dozen such footage in the entire movie and it gets stupid every time. The other henchmen of the topless sorceress, besides the generously leather-clad humans, are some lumpy white mutants that seem to be covered with cobwebs. Needless to say, they are slow and non-threatening and when they speak, they sound like gay Hispanics lisping Daleks. The battles are stilted and unconvincing and the special effects are sad. Oh yes, the music is cheap synthesizer stuff that would have been embarrassing to the creators of Doctor Who. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our nominal hero, is sober and forgetful. He also looks a total delight, especially with his belly showing the leather outfit and the big hair and is clearly an idiot. Sure, he's a dynamite shot with his magic bow, but he only takes three or four arrows on his mission to fight this whole continent of evil. Needless to say, the arrows will go out within minutes, and he must be rescued by the more traditional sword and sorceress hero Mace. When he meets Ilias, he establishes himself as the taciturn loner, claiming he has no friends, but it's hard to say that latent homoerotic subtext they are bosom buddies and walk the misty hills together. Mace promises to take Ilias in return for benefits in the arch. Ilias asks where he is going. "Where my legs take me," is his answer. Good enough for Iliad. Mace is also animal lover and outrageous hypocrite. He proclaims his great love of animals and his affinity for animals and quotes the usual testimony of how he preferred them to humans because humans can be so mean. He says he would never hunt and kill an animal to feed himself, but he steals meat from other people who have hunted animals. Nor is he about accidentally killing innocent bystanders for a reason. Not long after they meet, he tests Ilias' bow and the film cuts to a random caveman. He takes care of his own business, goes with him, and Mace shoots him. There is no indication that this poor soul has earned this, and even Iliad, who is said to be from a more moral and civilized society, does not even raise an eyebrow. <br /> <br /> The villainy of the movies is pretty unusual. For the entire film, she is completely naked except for a G string and a golden mask that covers her entire head. It's as if Fulci would involve her to make the films compulsory, but decided that she had too much butter face at the last minute. She spends much of her time seemingly pleased with her pet snakes and dreaming of being shot by a faceless bow that wears a man dressed like Iliad. Wow, such symbolism! Later in the film, she whims when she can not beat Ilias and Mace and promises to become the sex slave of an ancient warrior if he kills her for her. Hardly a frightening villain in the world and not really a step forward for women's rights. I think he's the spiderweb creature of our heroes, and he embodies Mace in a situation where nobody except Mace is around. Was he really worth trading with yourself, Ocron? <br /> <br /> There are some other WTF? Moments Most come towards the end of the film. Iliad's scurrying out, I forget why, maybe his permanent hairstyle was jumbled up, but recognizes the flaw of his ways and returns to help Mace fight the forces of evil. Suddenly and without reason, his bow can suddenly fire multiple targets to seek energy. If necessary, the bolts can also shoot through solid rock. Needless to say, he'll quickly kill the hordes of villains who have captured Mace. <br /> <br /> The highlight is also pretty nonsensical. Mace decimates the remaining forces of Ocron by using the arcs as targets for laser attacks. He can then shoot Ocron from a kilometer away by firing through the rock. She begins to die. Her mask shows a hideous Muppet head. She staggers around screaming, turns into a dog and walks away with another dog. Mace smiles. Loans. Oddly enough, as far as these dodgy sword and magic movies of this low price are reasonably clear and focused. Anyone who has seen Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how nonsensical and wandering these films really can be.
