Although I appeared on DVD at Blue Underground five years ago, I never encountered this "sword and sorcery" article on Italian Italian television, and now that I've seen it myself, I know exactly why. Not because of the director's typical preference for extreme gore (of which there are some examples to be sure) or because of the fact that the handful of women who are in it are topless all the time (after all, it's dark Age is simply very poor stuff. I would even go so far as to say that it is probably the worst of its kind that I have seen so far, and I think I have seen a lot (especially in recent years, ie after my excursion to 2004) Venice Film Festival)! I read how the film failed at the time of its first release and led to a later (and regrettable) career of its director. I think this is an important point: I prefer Fulci's earlier "Giallo" period (1968-77) to his more beloved horror (1979-82) himself, but even with the latter, his commitment was undeniable. On the other hand, CONQUEST Fulci does not seem to have inspired in the least? Seeing how he decided to cover the process with an annoyingly eternal fog, and sprayed with incongruent characters (cannibals vs. werewolves, anyone?), Irrelevant Gore (we're about to witness the carnivorous revelers with a nasty cannibal Dinner treats her brain was literally struck by her hairy antagonist!) And even a most unappetizing intimacy between the masked, brain-shrewd villainy (do not ask) and her slimy reptile pet !! There are two heroes for the price of one here: a young, magical, bow-carrying boy who is on a masculine affirmative odyssey (Andrea Occhipinti), and his muscular companion (Jorge Rivero, Frenchy by Howard Hawks). RIO LOBO [1970]!), Who, although he was called Mace (short for Maciste, perhaps?), Is simply there to drop in on his slave from time to time and get his younger protégé out of trouble (especially during an extreme Load) unpleasant attack of "boils"). Unfortunately, the usual rescue power of such a lowbrow material is too short here, as the electronic score of ex-goblin Claudio Simonetti sometimes seems terribly inappropriate. Fulci even manages to give the film a ridiculously hunted coda, with the surviving beefy hero heading aimlessly out into the wild (after defeating them all and using the all-important arc of magic - so much for his supposedly physical strength!) next ?? and fortunately not filmed? Adventure!
