A model named Laura works in South America when she is kidnapped by a gang from her hotel room and taken to the jungle. They demand a big ransom for their release. Peter is hired to bring her home to safety and there is a bonus for him if he can bring back both the money and the girl. Peter is taken by helicopter to the jungle with friend Jack. They try to give the kidnappers counterfeit money for Laura, but the plan goes terribly wrong and they have to jump off by helicopter. The helicopter is shot and they have to jump off (it does not work well). Even the jungle is a devil. In fact, it's just a naked black man with strangely big eyes and a breathing problem. He begins to kill some kidnappers and Laura flees only to be captured by some primitives. The rest of the movie is really a bit blurred. <br /> <br /> Now I'm not a big fan of Jess Franco, in fact, this is just the second movie I've seen, but even I can say that this is really not one of his best efforts. The films are moving at a rather slow pace without much happening. The whole thing could easily have been transformed into a 25-minute TV show. There are many overlong shots of people walking through the jungle who may have just been lifted out. Felhunter is badly lit (Infact, I do not think it was lit at all), badly named, poorly played and slow, but for some reason it did not bore me. I think the main reason was some of the funny bad scenes. For example, a scene in which Laura walks on the street was obviously filmed in a real street, while the crowds stopped to look directly at the camera. Another funny scene has one of the slain gangs hanging in a tree dripping with blood while one of his friends stands directly below him and screams for minutes. Then, for no reason, the man in the trees drops his head and hits the guy under him. It has to be seen to be believed. Then of course there is the real devil. It's just a naked black guy who, despite the fact that he has huge eyes, has very blurry vision. <br /> <br /> The movie was banished in the 80's in the UK and in the 80's with the nasty horror of the video was banished. Why do I have no idea? There is very little gore and it is hardly a shocking movie. Without the nudity I would have said that it could almost get away with a PG. The only thing I can think about is that it was never really looked at and was added to the original list by word of mouth. <br /> <br /> There's no reason to really watch this movie unless you're a massive Jess Franco fan. There is plenty of nudity that can keep you from falling asleep, as well as some scenes that are so bad that you can make fun of it, but in other ways I would say that you pay for a ticket to South America and settle in to lose a jungle. It would probably be more fun. <br /> <br /> 3/10
