You know all the letters to "Father Christmas" and "Jesus" that are sent every year? Well, it turns out that they have not actually been handed over, but have dropped off in a half-forgotten corner of the post office to rot, unless a bright spark recognizes a way to send them. With bizarre settings, it's a winner that fits in perfectly with the strange movie "Dead Letter Office." However, this is obviously an Australian movie as opposed to a British one. When it comes to Royal Mail, most letters are treated anyway. I have not been in this apartment for two years, and we still receive letters for a Mr. Wang, a priest of the Church of the Last Days, whom I have never heard, and various catalogs for industrial equipment becoming a plumbing company. <br /> <br /> "Dead Letter Office" (the name where the undeliverable mail ends up) follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto), who grows up in a seriously shared house. She writes to her absent father and does not learn until adulthood that her letters were not delivered for some reason. Logically, she gets a job at D.L.O. and works alongside other societal rejectors like the Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). Slowly she is drawn to him, but can she find out where her father is, without forcing the self-contained world of the Dead Letters Office to its knees? <br /> <br /> Nothing against this movie, but I was reminded of the horrible Heather Graham movie "Committed" while he sees this. This is so much better than this bunch of horse shit, but that too is not difficult. First of all, this movie is much more logical. Although the metaphors are a bit blatant and the undercurrent symbolism quickly becomes a flood. But that is at least coherent and whimsical, without being complete. It's also played well. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good as lovers looking for something they know they will never find, while other characters are peripheral at best. Part of the problem is that it contracts much too quickly, which somewhat disapieves the viewer. The other part is that if you are considering the Australian Draconian immigration policy (ie if you do not speak English, break it!), Such a story is unlikely in reality. Unfortunately, the other characters also help destabilize realism by turning out to be little more than odd stereotypes. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, "Dead Letter Office" is certainly something different. It may not be everyone's taste, but I liked it. Yes, it was abominable and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to watch a movie without guns, violence or heavy cursing and nudity (no chance in an Australian movie). There are no big laughs, no bullet time and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But it is the story that counts here, and although it does not shake the earth in its splendor, it is a pleasant way to pass the time. It's the movie equivalent of a Sheryl Crow CD - nice to hear from time to time, but you would not really miss it if it was not there.
