"Nobody Knows Anyone" is a conspiracy theory thriller about a Satanist / Nut bomber targeting Seville religious celebrations during Holy Week. He is also the best friend of the movie hero. The action is set by the bomber as a computer game, where he and the hero act as players and Sevilla as a virtual environment. The city's real lanes and streets begin to take on the labyrinthine qualities of these old Pacman-style games. In this way, the scene where the hero and his female buddy are being chased by black boys with rayguns might not seem as stupid as he plays. <br /> <br /> We know from the beginning that the narrative is constructed as a game - the Hero's job is to create crossword puzzles for a popular newspaper. At one point, the crossword grid on his screen turns into a chessboard on which he later plays against his girlfriend's father. Hints are generously scattered as the camera mysteriously inserts itself into images that are later shown to be significant (eg, advertising in the bar). The detective / chase elements are part of a running game and not a follow-up. The film builds heavily on the story of "Se7en," and anyone with a Catholic background will probably know the significance of certain events on certain days ahead of EAster. In this reading the game is at the level of the narrative. The hero fights an enemy (in this case the computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the movie itself, which undermines the first one. There are a number of clues pointing out not the intentions of the killer, but the filmmaker and his heroes. For the first ten minutes, there is evidence of chess, a writer named Navokov and a cult leader named Sarin. If we remember that the chess-loving 1930s Nabokov pseudonym was Sirin, we see another game in which we suspect not the villain but the hero. <br /> <br /> In a Nabokov novel like "Pale Fire", an author character creates a text that serves to hide his own motives and provoke a game between author and reader to discover the real text. Throughout the film, there are scenes that are visually distorted (eg, image contraction), or ambiguously defined dreams and hallucinations that suggest the hero's point of view. The opening references to games are all related to him. In the early sequences, much of the sexual and creative impotence of the character is made, so the film could be his attempt to master his life, to be a winner, in a way he really can not. As soon as he has won the game, the block of his scribe disappears. The words he types in are the title of the movie, suggesting that he is the overall author. Moreover, the Spanish title reflects negatively on itself, a very nabokovian involution that suggests a hero like Kinbote, who is trapped in his own solecism. This confusion of postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon) et al. are also mentioned), Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Lola Run', Chris Marker (the idea of ​​the city and its history as map and text, and cultural history of the present), Bunuellian anti-clericalism and Alex de la Iglesias "Shock" movies lead to a movie that is just a mess where every clever, clever allure element picks up the last and weakens the interest. The lack of clarity about the rules of the game makes it incomprehensible and finally makes a difference. <br /> <br /> Ironically, the main interest of the film lies in such overdetermined artistry in its documentary quality, as a record of a narrative that takes place in a real city and its own events take place independently of each other. Such an ambiguous blurring of facts and fiction can create a masterpiece like "Sans Soleil" or "London," but in the end, you need to have a light touch to adapt to your wisdom.
