In the field of science fiction, two topics aroused interest again and again. They were first researched in the literature of a pre-kinematic epoch and have since been regularly repeated by filmmakers and writers with varying degrees of success. The first theme, the theme of time travel, has had an unshakeable fascination for film fans and the written word, most recently on the screen with another version of the H. G. Wells classic, "The Time Machine". The second theme, which also succeeds in captivating the audience, is invisibility, which, with its seemingly endless and innumerable possibilities, stimulates the imagination. And again, this theme has become the basis for a movie that was adapted from another HG Wells classic "The Invisible Man", the realization of which is "Hollow Man" by Paul Verhoeven with Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue. <br /> <br /> Sebastian Caine (Bacon) and his colleagues have been conducting experiments for the US government for some time to examine the possibilities and practicality of the invisibility they have finally achieved in a series of primates on which they tested their method. They are actually so advanced that the invisibility is effected; Their only problem now is to bring the subject back to their original "visual" state. However, it is a problem Caine has solved after diligent effort and too many hours in the lab - at least he thinks. And if the application of his theory on a living topic is successful, he decides to submit the results to the Board of Directors in order to maintain the necessary financial resources for the continuation of the project. <br /> <br /> At the last minute, however, Caine struggles and fears that he will lose control of the project before moving on to the next stage - testing a human subject. And he takes it upon himself to become that topic and to secure the support of his research team by telling them they have been approved by the Board. But something goes awry and Caine is caught in his cloak of invisibility; and when he and his team strive to find the solution to his considerable dilemma before it's too late, Caines thought begins. And suddenly, his fear of losing finances and control becomes unsuccessful as he sees the immediate danger of losing much more. Now he has a chance to lose everything - including himself. <br /> <br /> Verhoeven has created an exciting, even thought-provoking film; He sets a good pace and uses the F / X at his disposal with great effect, though he tends to overpower the eye-catching images of character development. Anyone familiar with "The Invisible Man," or anyone who can logically follow the story, will know early on that Caine is not destined for happier times. Nevertheless, Verhoeven has a narrative style that will attract attention and delight audiences. But he seems to be anxious to hurry to climax, forgetting the nuances that have made his film successful so far, and opting for a final sequence that is nothing more than a blind mind feast that his audience betrays and everything for which he used to work in the film. Rather than looking for an intelligent solution to Caines suffering and bringing the film to its inevitable conclusion with some ingenuity and imagination, he is on the low end, and though this can succeed on a purely visceral level, any meaning that one could derive pulling history can dissolve in the wind like so many ashes, along with anything that would have made this movie a memorable movie. And it's a shame, because Verhoeven has it at a higher level than much of what is offered in this genre, and it allows it to unnecessarily sink to a much lower level. <br /> <br /> Kevin Bacon does a fine job of creating a credible character, if only on the surface, which seems to serve Verhoeven's purposes perfectly. There is not much depth in Bacon's presentation, but it has more to do with his director's agenda than with his own acting skills. Verhoeven just does not give Bacon the time to develop Caine; The character is mainly a ship around which Verhoeven can build his story, and for that purpose it works. The film would have been better served if Verhoeven and Bacon had collaborated more closely to build at least a link between Caine and the audience that would have contributed to the audience's emotional involvement, something that would have attracted her. instead of leaving them as mere observers of a loaded F / X extravaganza at the gate. Elisabeth Shue performs well in the role of Linda McKay, Caines willing accomplices in the disease. This is a fateful experiment, but it's basically an ungrateful piece that offers little challenge, especially to an actor of Shue's caliber. The same can be said of Kim Dickens (so great in the 2001 film: Things Behind The Sun). Her character Sarah Kennedy supports the action and F / X little more than. Both actors are able to offer much more and deserve better than what they can work with here. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Josh Brolin (Matthew), Greg Grunberg (Carter), Joey Slotnick (Frank), Mary Randle (Janice) and William Devane (Dr. Kramer). "Hollow Man" is one of the films that underpin a point and even succeed at a certain (low) level, and lets you think about what might have been. Like an annual firework, it will be exciting for a moment, but after a while, it will blend in with all the others you have seen, without anything special, to distinguish it from each other. And that's too bad, because given the talents and abilities of those involved, it could have been so much more. I rate this with 4/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
