Vampires Vs. Zombies begins with the current news that the unidentified disease that is spreading across America is leaving those affected with murderous and cannibalistic tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) are listening to the radio while they are listening Along the road, isolated backwoods drive roads to try and escape the disease when Travis runs over a guy I suppose is a zombie. Further down the road, he stops to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson) beckoning on the roadside. At this point, a third teenage girl named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) sits tied and gagged in the back of Julia's car. This situation seems strange to me, but Travis, like the soldier he is, takes everything in the right direction and agrees to take Carmilla from Julia's hands. Well, I do not really know. As a complete stranger, Travis sets off and leaves Julia & Tessa. Carmilla seems to be a nice girl, but it turns out that she is a vampire. She likes to bite people and turn her into vampires, oh well, she's also a bit lesbian. Travis, Carmilla & Jenna continue on their way, while a guy calling himself the General (Peter Ruginis), who seems to be some sort of vampire killer and probably has something to do with it, but the movie is such a mess it does not really matter anymore & i really dont know how to continue this plot sketch as my head hurts when i just think about it ... <br /> <br /> co-editor, co-executive produced, written & Directed by the Overly Unbegotten Vince D'Amato Vampires Vs. Zombies is one of the worst horror movies of all time and one of the worst movies ever. The D'Amato script was apparently based on a classic story entitled 'Carmilla' by Sheridan Le Fanu (he should complain) and is an absolute mess, the holes in the storyline and logic are so large that you could drive through a tank ! What is the disease that makes people zombies? Why is Carmilla a vampire? Who is Julia for her? Who the hell is the general? What does he want? Where are Travis & Jenna going? How can Travis run over a man and not have the slightest human feeling? What about the mental department in the end? There are also some confusing and unnecessary dream sequences to annoy the viewer even more. There are so many things that are not right with this movie, the narrative does not make sense, the concept is terrible and has never been properly explained and it is incredibly boring. I have nothing positive to say about Vampire Vs. Zombies, not one. Forget that vampires fight zombies because it just does not happen. Tell me again why the movie Vampires Vs. called. Zombies? <br /> <br /> Director D'Amato has brought to the table one of the most incompetent, worst, poorly thought-out and painful visual experiences ever made. Vampires Vs. Zombies really have no redeeming qualities, there is not a single aspect that I can praise. The Gore looks really fake, there are some bloodstains that look like red water, some really cheap stalemate effects, and a half ordinary climax, where the zombies enjoy Carmilla and Jenna's guts, this pretty bloody scene is probably the best part of it all miserable movie, but it only lasts a few minutes and makes up for the other turgid 85 in no way. <br /> <br /> The Budget of Vampires Vs. Zombies must have been small, in fact they even had a budget, because most of it is on a street in a couple of cars. This is one of the worst-made horror movies I've ever seen. The whole thing is just shit. The spectacle is predictably terrible and I mean terrible. <br /> <br /> There's not much left to say Vampires Vs. Zombies are by far one of the worst movies ever made. The (V) next to the title on the main page of IMDb for Vampires Vs. Zoimbies states that it went straight to the video. Well, that's too bad for this bastard, since he deserves to go straight to the next fire.
