First of all, I must stress how rare it is that I take the time to comment on a movie I've seen. It takes a very special case, until I take the time and write how I felt about a movie. That said, of the hundreds of films I've seen, I've seen some of the most brilliant, Shawshank, the scariest, The Woman in Black, the funniest, Shark Attack III: Megaladon and now the worst: Vampires Vs. Zombies br /> <br /> The first thing that needs to be said is that this movie is not funny! For those who are looking for a carefree movie that is just fun or at least so bad it is funny, look elsewhere. It's true that a movie like this does not try to be subtle and brilliant. With a title like this you should know what you are getting into. However, there is no excuse for a movie giving up any rule that determines the world of the film. This is not an argument between the traditional film-making process and newer and more "artistic" methods of creating a movie. This is an argument between bad directors and companies blamed for terrible movies. <br /> <br /> This film suffers from the phrase "I do not know where to start." Really everything about this movie is broken. There is no reason why a movie ever has a coherent series of events such as Vampires Vs. Zombies should deliver. Some of the following problems are: 1. Scene Dropout - It's obvious that the director, the camera crew and the actors were not on the same page. In one scene, the scene begins in particular with the camera resting on the ground and looking at the passenger side of a car. They expect the person to come out of the house, but there is NO exaggeration. At least 10 seconds delay between turning on the camera and the director says "action" where something happens on the screen. The viewer stares at a car door all the time, without sound, no movement, only the stereotypical "Dead Air" that radio or television commentators fear. Where was the editing? 2. Acting - in most cases a forgivable offense. You can not expect a movie like this has an Oscar winner, but vampires. Zombies take bad acting to a whole new level. Obviously, these "actors" could hardly read their scripts because anyone who had any literacy skills could better pronounce the lines than those fools. My only comparison for acting would be the opening scene of Resident Evil on Playstation. But the spectacle was even better. <br /> <br /> 3- Story- Wait, what? History? Again, one can not expect that this is the greatest story ever told, but is it too much to ask that we have a semblance of a narrative? Why the vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there any good people? Why all lesbians? But what is the deal with the zombies? If you've seen this movie, you'll understand what I mean, but for those who are not clear, there are no zombies in this movie, except perhaps five minutes. It was almost as if the director had forgotten the name of the film and in the end had to insert zombies without explanation. <br /> <br /> There's so much more, but I hope I've done enough So no one sees this movie.
