Although it's not really such a horrible movie (especially since it was made directly for TV distribution), it will be very hard to point out an aspect in "Bloodsuckers" that is actually original or refreshing. Vampires in space is not exactly a new formula, and even after so many films dealing with these monsters in this particular environment, nobody seems to realize that this is an incredibly stupid precondition that can not possibly lead to a reasonably decent horror movie , "Bloodsuckers" even goes one step further and shamelessly imitates every imaginable movie that focuses on either vampires or intergalactic warfare. The plot and characters are stolen primarily directly from John Carpenter's "Ghosts of Mars" and James Cameron's "aliens" as a group of futuristic vampire hunters cross space and routinely eliminate a mutated species named after notorious horror icons the Voorhees and the Leatherfaces. The good ones are a series of pathetic stereotypes, constantly dealing with clichéd topics and arguing endlessly about dreadfully unimportant things. Captain Damian is the unpopular rookie who has to prove his leadership abilities after being more or less responsible for the death of the previous (and much more popular) Captain Churchill. The other annoying characters are a typical cowboy guy and a cheery macho pilot, a tough warrior with more balls than the men on board (she's of Asian descent, like the girl in "Aliens" was Latino) and most army armies valuable secret weapon: a blade girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who has chosen the side of man. She can spot enemies when they're still light-years away, and she can do nasty sexy things even with wet dreams. They eventually learn to work as a team when forced to face the ultimate vampire bad guy: Michael Ironside (in another downgrade role). "Bloodsuckers" is an irrevocably stupid movie, but entertains as long as it has bloody kills, infantile dialogues, and OTT make-up effects. It becomes unbearably boring when the frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the umpteenth time and blah blah blah. This film is an uninterrupted series of lame clichés and uncreative ideas, but at least it can be seen.
