Man was in the extreme corners of the earth and now he is traveling to new worlds. But with new worlds come ancient evil ... the vampires of space. And not just a handful, but whole tribes. In this movie (which I have seen as "Bloodsuckers" but I also think "Vampires Wars"), we see what happens when the imperialist earthlings hit the imperialist vampires. <br /> <br /> I will make this review very short because it does not deserve a good rating. The best thing I can say for this movie is that it has a good cast of B-list and up-and-coming stars. Natassia Malthe was Quintana and was much more attractive here than in "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Muco and is always a fan favorite (as I say he is the poor man Jack Nicholson). And we even get Carrie-Ann Fleming as "Damian's Wife," which horror fans will now recognize as the eponymous Jenifer of Dario Argento's "Jenifer." As bad as it is, this film is not without a name, but the same applies to Uwe Boll's work. <br /> <br /> The concept of military pursuit and killing of vampires in space That's not necessarily a bad idea, but it's easy to go into the "cheese" area and this movie is hard to come by. The acting, especially of the vampires, is exaggerated and I found the explanations for their existence just not very convincing. Worst of all, the vampire tribes have the names "Voorhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand that this should be a wise reference for the horror fan, but it was not wise at all. It just sounded stupid and inappropriate (as opposed to the much more subtle references in James Gunn's "Slither," such as naming stores for lesser-known horror directors). <br /> <br /> That's all I want to say. If you can endure a lot of cheese (that day I could not and I'm from Wisconsin), average actors with bad costumes want to be in the fight against vampires in space (though "space" looks like every other forest in the world) check this out if you can find it. I do not recommend it personally if you can see other cheesy vampire movies (Jon Carpenter's "Vampires") or other cheesy space movies. Or maybe a few good ones. But hey, do your thing.
