I saw this a few nights ago, did not expect too much and it is not surprising that it was not too exciting. The storyline, set up by a crew of vampire hunters (V-san for vampire rehabilitation) in their spacecraft, where space vampires were periodically killed and people rescued, is pretty solid, and if the movie had been handled better, it could something had to be something. After a fairly decent opening, the sense of actual quality begins to disappear from the film, leaving behind something that, though freely recorded, is ridiculously bad. I'm not expecting anything out of the ordinary for these sci-fi-channel movies, and at least none of their creatures with a gruesome cgi-beast got confused, but it was still pretty bad, mainly because of the writing and the actors but with a great contribution to the bad music of terrible music. That was OK, but all too often amusingly, the bad soft rock squeezed in scenes that were stupid when the movie decided only for a typical sci-fi music that brought strange sounds to the soundtrack. I would have tolerated the generally cheesy acting and writing more if the music had not been chosen, which was a grave misjudgment and made things go from kitschy to ridiculously weird. From acting to Dominic Zamprogna was OK, but fade as a nominal hero, while Leanne Adachi as a tough girl of the Vamp busting team was quite irritating and Aaron Pearl played another member that was not well written or interesting enough to leave an impression. Natassia Malte was not particularly good at acting, but she had a less irritating character than the others and the fact that she is really nice to look at. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside, and he's rarely used, though he makes it nice, quite funny in a way that's supposed to be intentional. He seems to have fun and earns his paycheck, and his role is entertaining. The effects, by and large, are OK, they are at least the standard of an average sci-fi TV series, and there are also some scenes of spatter and a bit of fun. Things are going well, and I feel almost too hard to judge this movie, but then I remember that I laughed regularly and realized that the movie is not a conscious comedy, which I do not believe, then makes it easy Nothing. it succeeds. Too much is lame, stupid, unconvincing, it's an OK effort, I think, but I did not like it. Just try it, if you're really digging sci-fi garbage or accidental giggling, I would say.
