Bloodsuckers has the potential to be a decent movie. The concept of military detection and combat of vampires in space is something that has something to offer in the cheese-rich area. Even the idea that the universe is full of different vampire races, all with different characteristics, many of which do not yet know the characters, is kind of cool. As for life in the galaxy outside the earth, vampire. I am not sure how the creators wanted to work against this background given the nature of the vampires. Who the hell are they supposed to feed when almost everyone is a vampire I do not know? As it looks like, the film has a mix of Firefly / Serenity and low-budget vampire movies with a dash of aliens. <br /> <br /> The action parts of the movie are pretty average and deviant (especially by Serenity), but passable - they're reasonably well executed and there are enough thrills for a vampire movie, including some weird, blood-spattering variants. There are a lot of characters, most of them tedious. They come from conflicts between characters, most of whom look like vain, immature assholes, mostly cowboy-type and Asian. There are a few character scenes that actually work and the actors do not play it that bad, but it usually slows down. A nice try to build the characters, but people do not watch a movie called the Bloodsuckers to promote the characters' development and the drama. Acting is okay. Michael Ironside is proud to see it and is as much fun as ever and at least some women are hot. The place SFX are not bad for a work on a low budget. The story is again fairly average and rejected, but as I said, the world has a bit of potential. The Way Things Are Made Bloodsuckers really seems to be the pilot of a television series - introducing character dynamics, introducing the world but not exploring etc. The film has some highlights and grating moments - the stuff that actually makes these dodgy productions observable makes. - The scene where our heroes interview a talking puppet with sock-type boys. Hilarious - The "Sex Scene". WTF indeed. -The credit "And Michael Ironside as Muco." The most annoying aspect, however, is the really terrible and generally inappropriate pop music, which is played out loud over half the scenes of the movie. It is painful to hear and only distracts from the average, which is only average. Basically, one is fine if you want to have something kitschy, even if it's just for the "chestburster" scene.
