Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as blind Lilly, the script is compulsively overbearing and completely arbitrary. A famous theater director (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), who is blind after a car accident, is on the run for himself and his fate. Lilly has been deaf since birth, is a blind teacher and wants her to "see" again. (Blind people see with their fingers, nose and ears.) Here, this film becomes a road movie; and the longer the road gets, the closer their relationship becomes, which has been predictable since the film began. The theater director is on his way to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives by the sea somewhere in Russia and does artistic installations - of course, what else should she do? - and she's still alive because she's waiting for his son to die. My God! These are destinies! <br /> <br /> Finally the son has arrived! Mom is celebrating a big party! At the beach. The wind blows and a pianist plays in the middle of a dune on a real piano. Yes, they are celebrating their farewell. The son is just in time. Mother can finally swallow the pills given by a pretty nurse. Now a great artist can die in the arms of her great artist's son, expressing sad thoughts that she lives in perfect German while the son answers with a coarse accent. Because the son can not see, he does not fall in love with the nurse - the script would have become too complicated! - But looking for Lilly on the way back home. In parallel with this road movie, Lilly's sister asks her to stay home, defiling a clever schoolmate to deflower her, who must first take heart. The occasion is favorable. Because Mama (Tina Engel) is traveling with Lilly's lover Paul (Harald Schrott). They're after Lilly to bring her back. Paul and Lilly's mother did not fall in love because the script became too complicated. The script also failed to turn Paul into something out of the ordinary. I would suggest an architect or a pianist or of course a famous one! When they finally find Lilly, they want to convince her to return to Paul, because he has two eyes and can see that he can take care of her. But Lilly fell in love with his pupil, the theater director; Did I mention that he was even a famous theater director? <br /> <br /> This is German film art! As you can see in this overbearing production, the German Film Fund does not always produce good films because they subsidize just such pseudo-intellectual films. This movie is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the script was cobbled together from some highbrows in cafes and restaurants. Everyone is allowed to contribute with an idea. Til Schweiger also probably contributed as a co-producer with intellectual reflection. This script has reminded me of another German movie of absolute agony: "Barefoot" - even the spelling of the title is not true! "Barefoot" DVD Cover proudly writes: "A Til Schweiger movie". This film also received subsidies from the Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and the FFA. <br /> <br /> Please do not waste time with this movie! There are really good films in Germany. Watch out for directors like Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
