I saw this Cuban movie in an art-house movie club. It was shown shortly after the master of the 1935 Silly Symphony Caricature, where the Isle of Symphony is reconciled with the Isle of Jazz. What was blown away with the recently deceased Ruben Gonzalez through the speakers in this old movie ballroom and a Cuban flag hung from stucco-rocaille motifs was the scene for a grueling celebration of dedicated filmmaking and synchronized hissing at Helms -Burton. But then the movie started. And the peeling color of the cinema became more interesting than the sloppy mess on the screen. <br /> <br /> The plot of Nada Mas promises a lot. Carla is a bored envelope stamp in a Cuban post office. Their only escape from a modest existence is to erase and rewrite letters, transforming basic interpersonal grunts into Breton outbursts of breathless emotions. Cue numerous shots of photogenic Cubans bubbling with joy, sadness, compassion, terror and the like. <br /> <br /> The problem is that the simplicity of the narrative is tarnished by endless excursions to the film school Artiness, Latino Caricature. Marx brothers strike a slapstick and even - during a particularly repressive editing trick - the celluloidal scratching of a schoolchild blemish on the face of a character. <br /> <br /> There are countless one-dimensional characters. Cunda, the boss of the post office, is a humorless dominatrix Nosferatu. Her boss eye accomplice Concha points fingers, eavesdroppers and screams with various fingers. Cesar, the Metalhead fool and romantic interest, reveals hidden writing talent as Carla leaves for Miami. A chase scene (oh so funny-fast foreplay) is recorded for a good reason. All of this would be good in a Mortadello and Filemon comic strip, but in a black and white Zero FX movie with high-profile allusions, um. Nada Mas tries to find the style somewhere between Amelie's '' quirky-heroine-matchmaking-stranger '' and the theme 'poetry as the great savior' by Il Postino. Like Amelie, her protagonist is an eccentric, single, white woman who fights the impending spinster dome by trying to bring magic into the lives of strangers. And like Il Postino, the film does not shy away from lasting poetry, and a postman on a bike takes on a romantic trail. Unfortunately, Nada Mas has failed to capture the lushness and transcendence of the two films. <br /> <br /> There are two things worth watching this movie in a nocturnal television stunt. The first is Carla's opening shot on a checkerboard-tiled floor that cuts the crossword puzzle she's working on. The second is to see Nada Mas as a cautious example: our Post-Buena Vista Social Club obsession with Cuban artistic production can often tempt us to accept any slag that has a bongo on the soundtrack. This film should not have earned a global release - movies like waiting list and Guantanamera cover a similar subject area much more successful.
