Ghost Town begins as Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives down a lonely desert road, her car collapses abruptly and she hear hoof-hoofs approaching ... Deputy Sheriff Langley (Frank Luz) of Riverton County is called to join Kate Father is reporting her missing. He finds her broken and goes off to look for her, unfortunately, his car is broken and he has to run. Langley lands in an abandoned ghost town, much to his shock. Langley soon discovers that it is a ghost town populated by the spirits of its former residents and run by the evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs), who abducted Kate for reasons that were never explained and it's up to Langley to save her and end the curse of the cities ... <br /> <br /> The only directorial work of Richard Gouverneur, for whom this strange movie could not really do much I & I did not like it that much. The script by Duke Sandefur tries to mix the horror and western genres, but that does not have much of an impact. Have you ever wondered why there are no more horror western hybrid films? Well, me neither, but if I asked myself such a question, I would find all the answers in Ghost Town because it's not very good. The two genres just do not fit together so well. There are many clichés, on the western side of things there are the innocent citizens, who are afraid to resist a gang of thugs terrorizing them, the shootings in the main street, saloon bars with swinging doors and prostitutes upstairs horrible-wise There are many cobwebs, some ghosts, an ancient curse, talking corpses and a few violent killings. I was just totally under-challenged, I think there's nothing bad wrong, except it's boring and the two genres are not sitting together so well. There are also some holes in the plot, why did Devlin kidnap Kate? I know she looked like his previous girlfriend, but how did he know that and what should he do with her? We never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts. I mean, what's she holding there and what made her come back as ghosts? Then there's the end where Devlin says after the shot that he can not only be killed for Langley to kill him a few seconds later. I mean, why did not the balls work at all? <br /> <BR Director Governor is fine, there's a nice horror movie atmosphere with well-lit cobwebs sets and the normal western town of Hollywood is represented here on a central street with wooden buildings on both sides. I would not say that it is scary, because it is not so, there is also no great tension and the film takes place in places, although it lasts just over 80 minutes. Forget about every Gore, there are a few bloody gunshot wounds, a shot of two people with the throat slit and someone is skewered with a metal bar, and that's it. I could have imagined the budget was quite small, reasonably well done and competent, if nothing else. Credit where the due credits of the costumes and sets are actually good. Acting is fine, but nobody will win prizes. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange movie. I'm not sure who to address and it did not appeal to me. If you are looking for a Western, you will be annoyed by the stupid horror elements, while anyone looking for a horror movie will be bored by the Western elements. It's a little different, but that does not mean it's a good thing. It is worth watching if you are desperate.
