I've recently had some viewer experience with The Perfect Witness (2007) because the recommendation of the NetFlix computer recommendation suggested watching this movie. It seems that someday I told how much I liked Michael Hanekes, Benny's video. I do not know about you, but this parallel has provoked in me a vortex of emotion and excitement about Thomas C. Dunn's film, making refusing my time almost impossible. Just this kind of recommendation of the NetFlix computer intelligence had the aesthetics / moral film strip set so high for me that they represented something unused in the reflection in each film from the year 2007. <br /> <br /> After I introduced my reaction to the film in this way, I will reject this image as bad and banal. and I really hate that because I think that our boy, Wes Bentley, happens to be not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary cinema, but also one of the most overlooked and underappreciated talented people in the US. I am more than moderately worried that the poor guy will miss the famous ship when he fiddles with movie directors like this for the first time. <br /> <br /> The Perfect Witness is about Micky (Wes Bentley), who is about thirty, still lives with Mom ("You do not drink anything again?"), but he is a "filmmaker" or at least a street-level voyeur with a boarding school for shooting wannabe Johns in the run-down lanes of Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. Outside, while Mickey's private investigator-like exercises were being done, "inadvertently" videotapes, a brutal murder of an unfortunate early twenty-year-old with his handheld camcorder. Without believing that snuff and movies can be equated as a cultural currency with his ticket from the white urban ghetto (and not to the debts of his ignorant friends and relatives who raise the money for his cruel films), Micky approaches the attacker, James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also a write credit) or "Mac the Knife"? No matter- and blackmail the killer to make a documentary about his murder impulses that keeps the attacker on the attacker with threats from the police <br/> <br /> The problem with this movie is not that there are no interesting ideas because they exist do it. While both the writing and the direction are amateurish, this alone does not make a movie bad. It is that these guys make a rather bad assumption that what they present is shocking in the context of a culture in which virtually every person in the free world who has access to a private computer registers on the Web and the Truthfulness can catch the action of a decapitation on their little Mac or PC. No film alone is more dependent on shock (unless, ironically, it is a film about torture on animals), and so cinematic images of violence (real or fake) have less and less cultural capital each year. We also have this amazing acting talent in the lead role, a very stylish, real hip-guy: his 5 cm beard and skullcap with the small bill on it, as well as the dork from high school who craved potential services my primary love interest? the same guy who calls himself a "poet". <br /> <br /> Spare me. "I am an artist", "I am a filmmaker." OK. Please continue with this Shtick, Cronnie. Seems to have bought a lot of expensive 35mm stock. And if you go on, you can carry all the accents of a "creative". But do not expect us to respond to you and follow your below-average character in your two-hour movie as you finish Wes Bentley's career. Why do not we just let history speak with the merits of what you do, filmmakers. My guess is that the story will eventually say something to it. This is probably not good, as you believe. And yes, chances are you blame your dear wife on how to end our husband Micky here in The Perfect Witness. addicted and wrapped in the blood of your buddy with the video camera in hand. Great.
