Another day was left inside, another movie to watch. After finishing my Christmas shopping yesterday on a cold and foggy afternoon, I could not escape "The Land That Time Forgot" anywhere else. Or rather, I had nothing else to see. Doug McClure, this bastion of protagonists, cites a handful of Allied sailors sunk in a submarine somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. U-Boat (in a scene that defies logic and reason), they finally find themselves on a stranger Island, seemingly untouched by human hands. Together they explore the country and discover dinosaurs and Neanderthals! Can they flee before they become a permanent inhabitant of the land that has forgotten the time? <br /> <br /> Although a few years before "Star Wars" was filmed, these films are light years apart in terms of special effects. The model shots are a little better than anything you would expect in an episode of Gerry Anderson's Stingray, and the creatures are not much better either. When the T-Rex (I suppose it was what he was) was killed, it fell in the same way as zombies when you kill them - frozen in the middle of the crotch, collapsing, arms and legs like a sleeping cow was overturned. Granted, the sets are not that bad, but the mean-looking and endless blasts of explosions (which all sound the same) do their best to ruin the credibility and enjoyment of the entire image. Characters are neither believable nor worthy of their sympathy as they shoot their weapons at seemingly everything that moves. In the end, I just did not care if they left the island or not and until the end I was more relieved than entertained. <br /> <br /> Costumes are authentic enough for the cavemen to arrive and there are bearskin bikinis and loincloths. And although it was pretty obvious from their actions, you would not have known that some characters were German from their accents. The whole thing lacked only polish and cohesion, the viewer was confused in some places and not in other enthusiastic. Overall, the movie barely shows a wave of excitement these days, though it's a bit of a joke to find out where Colin Farrell is. I saw his name in the credits and half expected a baby with an Irish accent and suspicious facial hair to show up. Well. There is nothing particularly great to see here, but only about OK if you eat your lunch and the weather prevents further activities.
