I have just watched this movie. I've been very excited since I became a big fan of punk rock, horror movies and spoofs. I was very surprised what I saw. I knew the budget was low, but I did not expect it to be recorded on a video camera. It starts with a good song and a great, very underrated band, The Horrorpops, who are reforming their song "Where They Wander" and are promptly killed in various, cruel ways. It's a great opening. But the problem is that until the very end, that was really all that the movie was about. A live performance, a death. Another live performance, One Death. It's getting old. And in the death scenes, there is a literal overuse of the gut. Why does not the killer use other body parts like legs, eyeballs or brains? Do not get me wrong, this movie has some great parts. Like the French hardcore band simply known as BERET, the prospect of a band called Atticus, the scene with a performance in which members of The Used and Simple Plan play together, as neither band has enough members for their show and Bowling For Soup's overweight guitarist, who is proud of it, gets killed in a really funny way that I will save for the future viewers of this movie. But the big problem I have with this film is the initially weird, but after a while terrible lack of acting talent in many "actors". Especially the creator of the Warped Tour, Kevin Lyman. He tries hard, but I suspect that he did not want to do the film, but was contractually bound or something. In addition, the sound quality is poor and there are no subtitles on the DVD. The dissolving plot of the movie is very blurry and very random. something about a magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman as a devil. The bottom line is that this movie has many good qualities, but not enough to be near a decent horror, music or comedy movie. But I have to expect that I've become from a few bands that I would never have heard otherwise. Like the Tsunami bomb and the Phenomonauts (a crazy Psychobilly band). I recommend renting this movie, seeing the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like it, seeing the next 20 or 30, if you still like it, then keep looking. If not, just go to the specials and watch all the music videos and live performances. They are rocking! Long live Punk Rock and horror!
