This film can be called a study case. It's not just the fact that this means an unhealthy and non-artistic craving for something that could be called Caco imaging. The author lives with the impression that his resurrected revolt against generic and childlike maladies ("Moldova is the poorest region in Europe", "I do not think it is a jot in bird flu"), "The Romanian People steal because they are poor, Europeans steal because they are thieves ") are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but he is sad. <br /> <br /> What Daneliuc does not realize is that being a righteous person is not enough - you also need a certain amount of professionalism, talent and intelligence to turn that attitude into an artistic product. Fatefully, "The Foreign Legion" shows just as much ingenuity as a family video with Uncle Gogu drenching himself drunk in front of the guests. The script is chaotic and incoherent, coincidentally with various half-subjects in an illiterate attempt to propose a kind of story. The direction is pathetically dilettante - the so-called "director" is not able to build at least a mediocre staging, his shots are annoyingly unpleasant and any sense of storytelling seems through total absence. (Of course, any commentary has to stop at this level; it's ridiculous to call concepts "cinematographic language," "means of expression," or "style.") The spectacle is positive "Cântarea României" ("Romania's Chant"), with the exception of ... paradoxically, the football goalkeeper Necula Raducanu, who is very natural, and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have a real freshness, but is compromised by the amateurish instructions of Daneliuc. <br /> <br /> The most serious side of this decent cinemas crime is the fact that the production received a hefty funding the state budget through CNC (the National Cinematography Council). The fact that long-dead old dinosaurs like Daneliuc are still thirsting for the udder of the government is understandable (in a market-oriented economy they would be immediately eliminated by natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury", which wastes the country's money through such ridiculously rough non-art, non-cinema and non-culture, belongs to the criminal realm.
