Instead of moving linearly from beginning to end, this action of a gay couple influenced by AIDS "orbits" in time for their "perfect day". The film is organized as a life that is in asynchronous fragments, not a sequential flow as experienced directly. The narrative has its lyrical moments, especially in describing the effects of the expected or experienced loss. Unfortunately, the dialogue lacks such grace. The script often forces actors to say surprisingly stupid or insensitive things that seem completely uncharacteristic at the moment. In her second chance encounter, which is clearly in love with each other, the sensitive Phillip encourages a reluctant guy to tell him about his difficult week. But the moment Guy opens up, Phillip, an English major, shows up. "You are not a crisis fairy, are you?" Later, as he sees the naked, chiseled body of his lover approaching through the bedroom, our amorous young Shakespeare begins to portray the beauty of the moment in words: "The way you cut the room ... I can not even describe it "- but lack the verbal skills to complete his thought. This type of sucker continues through the AIDS hospice scenes, which are adorned with the following lines: "What made me believe that death was all neat and tied with ribbons?" and "They make Florence Nightingale look like Nurse Ratchet." <br /> <br /> The film often suffers from a bloody lack of subtlety. Improbable characters are far more shocking and steam-rolled than they must be. Phillip's angry friends - an arrogant trustee, and a lamenting, needy dweeb - hold a corrosive argument to anyone who gets in their way. Such a pattern could provide a writer with plenty of opportunities for smart social commentary, but unfortunately, their utterances are merely unpleasant and are not weakened by wit or insight. It's hard to know if our screenwriter purposely designed intellectually limited characters or if he simply performed the girth of his tether. <br /> <br /> The storyline may be what most appeals to and resonates with those who praise this film. It's seriously exploring 80-year US middle-class gay life: first encounters, courtship, paddling, nesting, the complexity of open relationships, friction and breakup, disintegration, physical abuse, rapprochement, forgiveness, deadly diseases, death and survival. Leads Phelan and Spirtas deliver fair to good performance, displaying complex characters over time. Her good looks help explain both the chemistry that holds these two together through insensitivity and selfishness, as well as the chemistry that helped some viewers overlook the painful weaknesses of this film. The decision to chop the action into small pieces and present it in outback sequences added complexity without any obvious dramatic benefit. In some cases, the order and thus the impact of a particular event remained unclear. <br /> <br /> Can I recommend the film? Paintings for literary and technical quality, absolutely not! For uncomplicated spectators who seriously need an AIDS survival cataract or in the mood for a guilty tearjerker with a little eye candy, maybe. Better written alternatives that examine the effects of AIDS on relationships of that era are: Philadelphia, And the band played, Long-time Companion, Angels in America, Early Frost, Parting Glances, Love! Bravery! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
