Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, for this title, there are several years) is a Hong Kong-experienced woman Chin Hung Kueis (killer snakes, boxer's omen, payment in blood, etc.), by the legendary Shaw Brothers in one Prison lane is produced. Yes, even if they are involved in bad exploitative diseases like these, and Bamboo is definitely one of the worse attempts of the entire genre, even when compared to the Western attempts, which are usually pale compared to the Eastern movies! <br /> <br The story is about a Japanese war camp where Chinese women were brutalized, abused and raped during the Second World War by the evil Japanese (what else?). The girls also know a secret place where a box full of gold is hidden, and learn that a Japanese military officer (Shaw veteran Lo Lieh) raised in Japan is actually a covert agent among the other Japanese and the girls naturally helps to escape hell from the war. What follows are sequences of unfounded nudity, female kung fu, some vicious torture, bloody, dirty, and extremely offensive attitude to Japan that make this movie pure and honest rubbish that does not even try to be more than it is , <Br /> <br /> There are few interesting elements in the Bamboo House of Dolls. The occasional shots, especially at the end, look good with their sunbeams and beautiful nature, but this is also the case in the merit department. The fighting scenes are plentiful and always involve half-naked women beating and kicking each other. The violence is generally quite evil, with several bullet wounds, misogynistic torture scenes (for example, a poor girl is brutalized on the broken glass floor, etc.) and an extremely repulsive end and a moral attitude. Of course it is stupid to talk about "moral" when writing about this kind of movie, but there are still elements that I would not accept if found in a movie. <br /> <br /> The movie also makes turkey items with security! For example, the gold-filled gold box seems suspiciously light, as the weak and battered girls seem to have no trouble lifting and moving them, let alone throwing them! The numerous "skin fight scenes" make this smile attractive for fans of the trash cinema. I've seen the same Director's Killer Snakes (1973), which is ten times more notable than one piece, and although many live snakes were really killed, it's also visually more interesting, showing us some nasty sides from the other side of the big city and society. It is also a must for those who fear snakes. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls has also suffered some censorship, which is not surprising in the matter. The unabridged version (dubbed into a non-English language), which was released in Europe at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, runs 104 PAL-minutes, while in England, Belgium and Greece, English synchronized printing only takes 84 minutes in PAL running. As far as I've heard, the cutscenes are not just about violence or other graphic material, but also about dialogue and "plot development" and the like. Bamboo House of Dolls is garbage cinema in its trashiest form and definitely something I would not have liked to see from the Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian exploitation films of the same theme are much more interesting and notable than this rather ridiculous, calculated and worthless piece of cinema exploitation. 2.10
