Normally, I'm not exaggerating, but after watching the Oscars for more than two decades, I can honestly say that this year's awards ceremony was the shameful example of bad direction, total cruelty, and sheer stupidity I've ever had the misfortune to testify. I'm not talking about the prices themselves - as usual there is a lot of discussion about when you win, who has lost and who have never been nominated, but the process is as always and as fair as it is likely to be. What is horribly UNFair is the treatment received by both the "stars" and the "non-stars" of Cates and Horvitz, in the name of "Reduce Boredom." <br /> <br /> It's bad enough for that In recent years, anyone who is not Al Pacino has been "played out" in 45 seconds, regardless of what he said, as he said it and what the emotion behind the statement was. It shows nothing but utter disrespect, however, to guard nominees on stage like cattle, without giving them the honor of showing their faces while their names are read to quietly force them when they lose Denying them thrills on the podium and forcing them to read their statements to the audience with their backs. All these things were done to the "non-stars" - no matter that the films would not even exist without these artists and that most of them have only one chance to compete with their peers and their audience. <br /> <br /> The stars were not much better. It is sadder than funny when the winners of the caliber Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood have to beg a few seconds for their speeches. Chris Rock, as host, was neither as exciting and controversial as the Academy had hoped, nor nearly as funny as he could be. His introductory remarks were almost (but not quite) as offensive as Sean Penn turned out to be, and his comments during the show were harmless rather than interesting. Of course, you could hardly blame him if it was clear that you kept on a leash as short as any host did. In the end, Chris Rock was something like never before: a non-entity. <br /> <br /> Even the musical numbers were treated badly. Beyonce sang well, but there was no reason why she should be heard in three out of five songs. Another example of utter disrespect for an artist was to give Antonio Banderas the nominated song by Jorge Drexler - even though Drexler was present and obviously did not mind singing his own song, based on his winning "speech". <br /> <br /> The efforts of Cates and Horvitz to make the show shorter and faster have worked to some extent, but the result was a show without life. We've all been jamming about the overly lengthy speeches of people we do not know about over-production, over smug quality. But this is her night - not ours. What is meant is an insult to the people who are being celebrated. Cates and Horvitz, to be honest, should be ashamed.
