John Hughes wrote many great comedies in the 1980s. "European Vacation" is not one of them. The follow-up to Hughes first big hit "Vacation" (1983) is as predictable, uncomplicated and annoying as they come - no matter how much you love the stupid but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo) <br / > <br /> I enjoyed "Vacation" as much as the third film, "Christmas Vacation" from 1989, but the Griswold trip to Europe is bland and compulsive. Maybe because this was Hughes' first attempt in a sequel that he did not understand, but it's really amazing how unimaginative and without a story is "European Vacation." There is no consistent story: The Griswolds win a game show because they are "greedy little pigs" and make a European tour of England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the physical humor of the screwball, which is the trademark of the first, loses any effect, because you see it, which is partly due to director Amy Heckerling. The "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" director fixes everything too predictably. <br /> <br /> Maybe it was Hughes who made a cheap shot because he was included in the sequel. "European Vacation" is very proud to insult Americans (remember the greedy little pork show they win), especially tourists represented by the Cornball family Griswold. It also knocks on its back and implicitly says, "Oh, Griswolds, we always come up with something because our dad is an idiot." Then it ends in an almost comical way with a tribute to America and how grateful the Griswolds are to return to such a better country. If Hughes chose satire and wanted to do it in the form of a bad movie, I should forgive those 8/10 stars. <br /> <br /> It's not just a disagreement, but "European Vacation" the two worst actors playing the kids Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are both annoying and obnoxious, and the unattractive and outspoken Audrey babbles about the friend she has left almost the entire movie. Hughes even goes so far as to rightly miss her comment as he watches a huge bratwurst. Apropos, by the way, the breasts are flashed in two different scenes for no good reason (unless they wanted to comment on the American love for the casual nipples in their comedies). I'll give the movie one of its two stars thanks to Eric Idle of the Monty Python crew, whose cameo talks about the funniest part of the film where he recites lines directly from "Holy Grail". If Hughes intended to find one of the only non-American actors in the film as the only fun part, then he would have been offered another tip that he had torn the underworld of Hollywood comedy in the 80s. Would he still have hurt to do this and make it entertaining?
