I'm a big fan of Pacino films. He is one of the best actors of this genre. This film could have been much better, though he had a bad cast. They just had to tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he got to jail. Instead, it seemed that this was just one of many stories Carlito could tell. All or some of the questions about his past, which we wondered about in the original, could be answered. For me, that's the only way to make this movie. Instead, we get this prequel, which contains almost NO of the original characters, a character that plays a different role from the original (terrible move) and a completely different love interest for Carlito. Do not even let me start with Puffy. By no means can I take this cat seriously as a gangsta after watching her dance in all his artist videos. At any time the guy opened his mouth. I waited for him to start dancing. He made me laugh. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he was going to be dull because of his recent story. He did it pretty well. In my opinion he was probably the most "credible" of the entire cast. Jay Hernandez did his best but has not got the skills to take on this role in his career. I appreciated his energy and effort. Hard to follow Pacino. The only way to know Carlito is to see the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded murderer in one scene, then another scene like an invertebrate sissy. He was one of the worst gangsters of his time, but in this movie you would only see flashes of it. Maybe this is a pathetic way for Hollywood to do a second prequel to take advantage of this failure. I would not be surprised. <br /> <br /> All in all, this movie turned out to be very short or what it could have been. The only reason I awarded a 3 was because I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples earned respect from me. A serious director should have taken this film and actually put time into the story and make it a real prequel. I am extremely disappointed that this film was not taken seriously. It would have been better to make a mini-series about HBO and tell the story as the original suggests. At the end of the film, they had the courage to assume that Carlito would have to return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... that's the part everyone wants to see !!! On the other hand, that's just my opinion. I can not tell you how to waste your money.
