Where can I start? I heard that this movie came out and I was very crazy. I'm a big fan of the original Carlito's Way, and when I heard about it, I thought it would be just like the other episodes coming out in Hollywood. I thought it was bad. Boy, I was wrong, this movie was much worse than I expected. I'm not saying all sequels are bad, but that's the problem with Hollywood these days, they are making too many sequels and remakes and overthrowing them. This was not a theatrical release but a DVD. In my opinion, however, there was no reason to do so. After hearing that this movie was in progress, I later heard that Pacino was not there. That meant the movie had every chance of being good. Why did I check out this movie, maybe some of you are asking? Well, I had the opportunity to see it, so I did it. I do not just watch movies that I have high expectations of, I obviously had low expectations for them. I just wanted to see if there was something relevant in it. If one of you who reads this is a fan of Carlito's Way, you know that a lot of the story in the first story has to do with his going to jail. This can mean you do not spend two hours with it to watch this garbage. I'll just say: At the end of Carlito's Way 2, we do not see Carlito in jail. Well, I do not know about any of you, but I would have thought that Carlito's way would show a prequel about how he ended up in jail. I even had an interest in really seeing what happened. <br /> <br /> Well, that's not my only problem with the movie. The actor who played Carlito was not doing a bad job, but he could not have saved this movie if he had tried. There are not even those little things that Carlito's Way fans like. In the first one you see neither Kleinfeld nor other key figures. I would have liked to see something like that. What's worse is Luis Guzman in this movie, but he does not play the same character he plays in the first movie. A big mistake on her part, why the same actor was used for another character, made the movie worse than it already was. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I'm a Carlito's Way fan, this new DVD release is a shame. If you are a fan, you will not see this movie with high expectations. This movie basically did nothing for me, and it's definitely a movie that I will not record on DVD or will never watch again.
