Well, I just gave away 95 minutes and 47 seconds so I could not get this junk anymore. I've heard that someone online referred to the villains of this movie as "subhuman cannibals," and I thought it would be promising because I thought it was like descent. NOT CORRECT! The Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and a strong storyline. These baddies are totally unrealistic and it's no pleasure to watch them. This movie is not that controversial, I've seen this level of gore in many movies. This movie is shit. SYNOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she's really hot (but not), her admirer and her admirer's friend (no, I can not remember her name) goes into the woods. Your car breaks down. You are warned by a man named Mark. The blonde becomes incomprehensibly hysterical and can not find the admirer's friend the next morning. Admirer pokes his foot (whoops!). Do not worry, he's a lot madder if his car does not start, as if he's being impaled by nails. After a nanosecond of persuasion, the blonde leaves the help to find help. Events follow that I can not remember. Throughout this film and throughout the film, we are shown grotesque torture scenes that contain no substance, including one that made me gag. Blonde saves admirers from the House of Cannibals (though they only see bowels, which logically would be the last resort for real cannibals since they actually contain food). Blonde finds admirers painful and works very hard (unsuccessful) to bring up tears. Then you laugh well when the blonde is in the house and announces that she can "think out". Mark (the man who had warned her to leave) has a remarkable character change when he reveals that his cannibals are his family. Then there are some shots, they leave the house, the shots go on, then a random guy shows up and says he's been watching her. Before he is shot, we are shown an acid-inspired scene with more murder. The blonde or her admirer shoots him for not helping them. There is still more murder, the admirer explains that he loves the blonde. Then a mysterious hand covers the camera. What does that mean? I do not know, hopefully no sequel.
