The X-Files were a smart, thought-provoking show back then. Much of his attraction was that the authors sought for folklore and science for their ideas and tied the plot to the scary side of real life. <br /> <br /> I was incredibly suspicious of the show's 8th season. The show already had two absolutely good episodes ("One Son" and "Requiem"), and in Season 7 there was a big increase in the episodes looking for ideas that were far-fetched, implausible, and stupid. But I thought, hey, give a doubt, maybe they'll bring it back because they have some great ideas. <br /> <br /> "Roadrunners" was really annoying. After "Patience," which at least offered an interesting perspective on the vampire folklore that the show did well to avoid, the episode sees a strange (alien?) Parasitic orb with the power of mind control, of a backwoods cult is worshiped. Oh, and they think it's the second coming of Christ, but you learn that only in the last few minutes. Serious. There is never any attempt to understand this, to explain what the snail is, why everything happens, what happens or anything. Even in the early years of the show - indeed * in particular * - one could expect a bit more depth, some background knowledge, or if not, then the opposite - a bit of mystery, some uncertainty about what it was about. <br /> <br /> It's Scully that really kills it. One might resign themselves to the stupidity of the premise, but to have a character who has developed over a good period of seven years as a rational skeptic, who became a gullible outsider, who only serves to further the action, is bizarre to observe , You feel like you're seeing a god-fearing teen horror, except that it's a woman in her thirties, throwing herself into some kind of spooky isolated community, spending the better part of a decade, the eerie lower abdomen by either outsmarting stereotypical hicks or completely indifferent to their own safety. Oh, by the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, is not there. Scully has just wandered into the desert looking for a brutal murder without him. He's coming to the end to save the day-I can not even remember it-but other than that, he's not really there. Again: seriously. <br /> <br /> In short, it feels like you're either writing a generic script for another show, or someone's a pet-movie project that you're putting into the spine of an inventory like a mutated leech allowed, long-lasting show at a time when she was most vulnerable. It may have been working on a smaller show where the characters are more archetypal and the audience expects less. But the X-Files had a good idea and Scully was one of the strongest and most peculiar TV characters of the 90s. It makes no sense to decide that you want to change your personality for a story you must have made about fifty times on Star Trek.
