If you have ever been harassed underground by a Christian who says, "Jesus is the answer, what is the question?", Then perhaps you should thank God if you have never met a Lacanian. Slavoj Zizek, the most evangelical Lacanier, would certainly trade the word "Jesus" in this statement for "Lacan / Hegel". <br/> <br/> Zizek's star is burning brightly at the moment, no doubt because we usually watch movies and pop culture as pure entertainment for our consumption. It seems impressive when someone - anyone - comes by and says, "Wait, movies might say something about us." <br /> <br /> The ideas that Zizek does in this movie are "pure" because he says so. Zizek, for example, explains that three Marx-Bros are the ego, the superego, and the id (God knows what happened to Zeppo or Gummo, maybe they are the sinthome ... or are these the films themselves?) , That's just what they are. In Zizek's work, culture is not there to be investigated, but merely as an example of its ideology. People may object that he certainly has something to say - but how does what he says differ from the Christian, who attributes everything to God's will? Well, nothing. As Zizek seems to think, they can even serve as proof. However, it is only an inclination and propaganda if these examples are isolated from their context. Without context you can say everything and prove what you want. For Zizek, is Lacan the answer? so he goes and makes an example of it. Everything but everything is similar to the teachings of the Master and the culture to prove this and serve that ideology. Zizek's example of the voyeur's fantasy stems, for example, from a scene in Vertigo when Jimmy Stewart spies on Kim Novak at a flower shop. In the context of the film, however, this is not a fantasy of a voyeur. Stewart was deliberately run by Novak. This presentation of examples isolated from their context continues in Zizek's two-and-a-half-hour film sermon. <br /> <br /> His analysis of the scene "Baby wants f ---" in Blue Velvet is ridiculous. Easily referring to what he considers the terrible (male) truth of "female beauty," Zizek says that Isabella Rossilini's character not only demands her humiliation, but is also unconsciously responsible for the situation. This is an example of her "joy". Well ... maybe. But - sorry to be prosaic - where is the evidence for that? In the movie she is partially humiliated because Hopper has kidnapped her son. Zizek can argue that she also enjoys hard sex with Kyle MacLachalan. However, this can be due to a number of things. Is not that the point of the so-called female "Jouissance"? According to Lacan, feminine enjoyment, unlike phallic enjoyment, can not be articulated; it is beyond the phallic capture and castration of language. If this is correct, no example can be given. It also means that the whole concept is nonsensical and completely mystical. It can only be described by dogmatists like Zizek: "There is women's jouissance for you! Why is this women's jouissance? Because I say so." <br /> <br /> What example can you really draw from these films? Only Zizek's psychology. Why does he always reintroduce himself into his favorite movies, even to the point where he says on a boat at Botega Bay he also wants Rod Steiger? Is not this the wish fulfillment of a person who criticizes films all his life? Freud would have a field day with Pervert's Guide to the Cinema - but with Zizek himself, no one else. <br/> <br/> Zizek's theory that films show us what we want may be in the face, but these films can not be rigorously universal examples of psychoanalytic laws. This film shows how Zizek only vaguely - as almost useless - like the rest of us. For as every psychoanalyst knows how we wish and what we want can not be completely separated - and if at all, not so easily universalisierbar. Zizek's love of making everything an example of Lacan's answer confirms this: how do we wish? That's how I do it. The problem is that in Zizek's wish, everything and everyone else is rationalized to his liking. But Zizek is a Leninist and they do not like to let the "topic" speak for themselves. <br /> <br /> The Pervert's Guide to the Cinema is a sum of Zizek's love of dogma and is completely unphilosophical, even if it remains very political (what is not the dogma?). Zizek has never asked exactly what his motives might be when he undergoes an analysis of what he is trying to discover because the conditions of his exploration, and thus his ethics, are never called into question. <br /> <br Zizek is extremely productive, but all his books and this movie say the same thing. He's a kind of Henry Ford of cultural theory: mass production and any color as long as it's black. It is perfect for today's highly consumerist society: supposedly critical, always giving people the same c-ap and pretending it's something else. This is popular because people prefer largely ready answers to their problems, which capitalism always claims to give, rather than seriously investigating things. It's like being brain dead. For me, Zizek's third Matrix pill is a suicide capsule. PS: I loved Zizek's solemn remark - portrayed as a revelation of cinema and humanity - that music in movies can severely affect people's sympathies. Did not Zizek remember that after seeing Jaws?
