This film is made of ultralight fluff and is predictable from beginning to end. As a Don Knotts vehicle, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better, though Knott's character was not nearly as incompetent or ignorant. His appearance there was toned down, with none of his unmistakable glances, though this has something to do with the fact that he was replaced by a cartoon fish for most of the movie. Knotts lived on playing the sympathetic fool, as did Bob Denver. Neither of them seemed to be able to break other types of roles, assuming they were just guys. It was probably the slowness, the wild look and the high voice. John Knight, with whom Knotts collaborated in Three's Company, was able to transcend his genre and successfully branch out into dramatic roles like "The Dreamer of Oz," but the closest Knots ever had was a small role in "Pleasantville." , Even Leslie Nielsen did not fit well here, uncomfortable neither a dramatic actor like he was then, nor a comical actor who later became "Airplane!" Has been. and "Police Squad." <br /> <br /> There's also no chance that the then 43-year-old Knotts would suit a 35-year-old, as his character insisted it was him. It was as ridiculously incredible as Tom Hanks, who played with Forrest Gump in college at the age of 38. <br /> <br /> The film was clearly filmed on a modest budget and looked like a hastily filmed TV episode. It is particularly evident in the "outside scenes" of the "city" Roy goes to after shooting. It is unlikely that even a preschooler would be made artificially by the Mayberry-style soundstage. <br /> <br /> Even if strictly considered a children's movie, it is very disappointing. That's not because there is a lack of action or special effects, though this is the case. The pace is far too slow, the situations are repeated. How many times can you see Roy getting into a bus? A comedy for kids, at least sometimes, should be insane, with breakneck gags, otherwise you risk boring them (and even adults in the theater). Movies, including children's films, have improved a lot in recent decades. Even many contemporary comedies have been better filmed and written. For example, Disney's "The Love Bug" had at least some interesting racial actions.
