I guess I'm only responsible to myself for the gigantic disillusionment that is "entrails of a virgin". You already know that you do not expect a cinematic masterpiece if you see a juicy and proudly advertised title like this and the first impression is only confirmed if you notice that the film is a production from the mid-80s from Japan , Well, there are quite a few crazy and sick filmmakers in Japan, but Kazuo Komizu surpasses them all with his thoroughly spoiled and pitiful trilogy, which focuses exclusively on aggressive sex and the sadistic abuse of young girls. Not even trying to tell a story, "Entrails of a Virgin" simply presents a mix of uninspiring semi-pornographic sex and really bad gore effects that even the most unpretentious fan of kitschy 80s horror would not like. Pictures of a number of photographers and their models are inexplicably linked to scenes of a dirty pervert, who has rough sex with a supposedly underage girl. He does not drop her a minute after the climax (typical) and she asks him to stay even if she has to share it with other women. I do not understand it. Should that be a general male fantasy? Because it is really clichéd and wrong. Anyway, back to the many horny photographers and submissive models. Surprised by rising fog on the way home, the group hollows up in an abandoned country home where they have more horrible sex and eventually fall victim to a ridiculous sex demon who kills them all. The acting ideas are amateurish, the dialogues are mindless and primitive, and Komizu's direction is weak and uninspired. I can tolerate all of that, including the womanly unfriendly portrayal of sex, but I was too close to turning off the movie during the indescribable wrestling sequence. One of the men beats kicking and brutally throws around one of the girls and calls her a dirty whore until she literally tickles her panties and cries in pain. This sequence is in my humble opinion the absolute low point of the Asian exploitation cinema. One to avoid and maybe even boycott.
