Maybe it was the title or the trailer (certainly not the interview on the DVD that is with the director as he keeps saying "hello, kids" to the camera like a buffoon), but I had expectations of entrails of virgin making At least a bit of dirty fun with some good sex scenes and brutal, bloody killing by a crazy Japanese penetrator. It turns out that it is way too bad for your own or bad or whatever. There is a problem - and you can see it in the Italian sexploitation film Porno Holocaust, which is similar in many ways - because it has no balance between sex and violence. Too much sex and it becomes a prototypical porn, and not even with a high production quality compared to most professional porn movies! And with the killer scenes, there must be at least a little tack and maybe a bit of ingenuity to create the creature / killer / whatever. The entrails of a virgin have none. It is safe to say that it is a rather soulless film, even though it is not the worst that has ever been made. It's only for Japanese horn-dog fetishists to poke out girls in trouble and men who have their whole brain in their other heads. <br /> <br /> In this case, we get a photo team where the boys take a few shots of girls who are not too intrusive, and then they stay in the house through thick fog at some one night and go to and after being picked up by "A Murderer", as he is credited. First, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides he has to put in a quota of random sex scenes early on - we're bundled in a clip (or called, call) and take pictures with one or more girls' photographers elsewhere. It looks like another movie. Once they have settled in the house, there is a wrestling scene that is badly choreographed and shot (yes, we really have to see it "all" there) and then rape and killings. First the rape by the photographers promising the girls some jobs for their time. Then there is the killer, who, like D'Amato's creature, is simply covered in mud and given a stupid facial, killing the men for some unknown reason and / or raping the women one after another. <br /> <br /> Well, the latter of them should be considered highlights of the movie. It's like saying that the croutons are the best part of a poor-tasting salad. A stunning scene, a spike thrown like an Olympic event (this scene is actually kinda cool), and finally the enthralling of the overly sexist girl whose insignificant name I can not remember. Even * this * will be disappointing only if the title is not correct! In addition, the sex scenes that are bored by "Gaira" and his pliability failure, where everything is blurred anyway by the Japanese censors, skipped by the actors (they think they are) seem to have enough fun therefore they have to "speak" for themselves. But the feeling of entrails of a virgin is generally the feeling of a lumpy one, where you just have to gawp and without a hint of tension or real horror (to see the last surviving girl, the virgin of the picture, trying to do that ) Stop the killer from coming to her, which takes five minutes while she is constantly applying sticks to him!) They just want it done so the mantra of "I hate women" wears off or is completely eradicated ,
