Satan's Little Helper is one of the better B horror movies I've seen. If I say better, I mean the story. The film proposes a new storyline, something that is not so clichéd in the horror genre - something fresh. But there are also some ridiculous questions that go along with it. Questions that you will ask throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> The movie caught my eye first as I drove through the horror section at the HMV. I was tired of all the so-called "terrorizing" Hollywood blockbusters and wanted something different. The cover for Satan's Little Helper immediately grabbed my attention. As you can see, the picture attracts you - it is daunting! I knew it was a direct DVD release - but I took a chance. I mean, I just saw "Boogey Man" the night before - so it could not get any worse! After watching the movie, I was half satisfied. I loved the plot of the movie. It was really scary how the killer acted as if he were the boy's friend so he could kill. In some sick, confused way, he actually thought he and the little boy would become partners - a duo of horrors. It was a great idea to shoot the movie on Halloween night. In this way, nobody would think of a masked man next to a small child. They would just think he was his guardian. But here too the "action holes" are beginning to emerge. <br /> <br /> If your son came home with a "friend", he met the trick or the treatment - that's fine. You would not think about it - if he was 9 or about the same age as he was. However, if he showed up with a strange man in a mask, you would be scared and protect your child. They would ask the man to remove his mask and identify himself. You would ask why he is with your son. He does not know him. They would ask him, please go. He is not a family friend. He is a stranger. Now we are to teach our child not to talk to strangers. In this case the mother is doing very well. Huh You never seem to think that it's a bit strange that the "man" does not speak at all. You believe it's the daughters' boyfriend, but after 10 minutes of not talking, you'd remove the mask and ask him why he does not say a word. The thing that aroused me the most was the mother said, "Do you want some cider?" I can not count how many times she says that in the movie. It's like dying - we have cider, it's all good !! The movie started promisingly and could not be delivered. It was more of a horror / comedy and even if it does not succeed. I think you could call it "dud", "flop" and so on. <br /> <br /> The best thing about the movie is the cover. But something tells me it's not worth the $ 12!
