I would like to say first of all that, after some thought, I gave this film a 3 out of 10 points. I just wanted to take it out 1, but it did bring a few extra points to the body count. But that would be all. Let me explain. I've literally paid £ 1 for this DVD in a supermarket because I believe in bargain-horror movies, especially on B-movies. But if this movie aspired to B status, as I suspect it was for a variety of reasons (which I'll address in a second), then it's a great failure. It was not just shot for B and Miss, but landed somewhere near F. This movie had so many opportunities to be good, and it had failed quite a bit under all circumstances. I say above that it was likely that this movie was aiming for status B, and this seems to be trying by trying to mix humor with horror, which can be either very good or very bad. For example, in later Freddy movies (from Dream Warriors), it's all about Freddy's style and nasing, which works great! But this film was completely bombarded in this regard, because the times were trying to inject humor, were usually just stupid. I admit that the humor was good at the beginning of the film. In fact, I liked the movie for half an hour and I was ready to congratulate myself on another good find. BUT what really brought this movie for me were the inappropriate killings. For example, when "Satan" hits the cat against the board and writes "Boo" with her blood using her body as a brush. Or when "Satan" bangs the door against the helpless older woman. Now I'm not usually against senseless killings in movies - hey, that's the point, right? But in those two cases I just found it grossly offensive and unnecessary, especially in the movie. From then on, the movie was down for me. A big drawback in this movie is that I hated every character in it. The boy, Dougie was just ridiculously annoying !!! I can not explain how he may be able to write off all those bodies and people who are killed before his eyes as a trick! I mean, come on !!! I perfectly understand that a character in a horror movie has to be a little stupid, as if he had run upstairs when you walked out of the house to scream for help. I wanted to kill him in the end! It was absolutely incredible and when I say "duh!" Another time I would hit my head against a wall because it feels like watching this movie. Why did not I just turn off the movie? Mainly because I honestly believe that ending one can sometimes make a movie. But I was wrong in this case. The end of this movie has NOT redeemed, he irritated me further and was the plot line inappropriate. I understand it already! The killer will always come dressed as someone else, be received by the stupid kid in the house and make a murder pass again, because nobody suspects him in this costume! I GET IT! This movie made me physically angry because he was so stupid! And if you see this movie through a nasty mistake, watch out for the gut. If the guy actually had intestines that looked like that, I'd be surprised he was not already dead, let alone someone tearing them out and tying them to a chair. In fact, I even go so far as to say that the only character I liked in the movie was the killer. Just because his "comedy routine" worked. All in all, the plot of this film pulled down everything that would have been good. Why did the killer kill? I dont know. I can live without knowing who he really was, that's pretty typical, but without a motive - Hell, I do not know, I'd get into a bad Halloween as a kid with him! -It just seems more than pointless, just stupid. Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. In fact, I hated this movie so much that I specifically registered with IMDb to comment on it. Save your money, save your mind. Stay away from him!
