This is an anthology horror movie. It consists of 4 short stories taken from the fiction of Robert Bloch (who wrote for Weird Tales and was a personal friend of H.P. Lovecraft, but is best known for the original story "Psycho"). The quality of the stories is very uneven and I did not think the movie was scary or horrible. It would have been better to do it as comedy like "Comedy of Terror". Only the last of the 4 stories was really made in a humorous way, and it's probably the best of them (those with Ingrid Pitt). I've seen some of these Amicus anthology films, and the only one that really worth my time was Freddie Francis' "Tales from the Crypt". The anthology style works well for the producers, as they hire a number of "big name" actors, they only shoot for a week or so, and then bring in the next big name. So you pay for essentially 6 weeks film star salary, but get 5 or 6 different names on the marquee. However, this is very unfortunate for the audience, as the audience wants to see some scenes in which Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt actually play together. Instead, they are alone in these vignettes. Let's take them one at a time. <br /> <br /> The first story has Denholm Elliot, who is truly doing admirable work, trying to lend some dignity to his silly role as a writer terrorized by his own character. Unfortunately, the actor playing Dominic, the source of horror, Tom Adams, just looks stupid, ruining any horror. There are a few funny things to laugh about, like the scene in which Dominic kills Elliot's psychiatrist. It's the patented scene where the killer creeps behind the victim, but no one watches, so the entire audience should "LOOK OUTHIND YOU!" The second story is the one with Peter Cushing. God, I love this man so much. Too bad that so many of his films, like this one, are quite stinking. In the story, he is longing for a long-lost love, and he sees their similarity in a wax museum. It is a completely predictable story that leads nowhere. <br /> <br /> Then you have the stuff with Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a small child who turns out to be a witch. This piece could have been fun again if played with laughter. Instead, we should be horrified when Lee beats the child and is surprised when she turns out to be angry. Actress Chloe Franks has been pretty good at this kind of "bad seed" role. <br /> <br /> The last story is somehow amusing ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress and Jon Pertwee plays an actor who accidentally buys a vampire cloak that turns him into a real vampire. That's about all the history has to offer. I was surprised how bad Ingrid Pitts is English. I think she has been dubbed in some of the other movies I've seen her. <br /> <br /> Not a memorable movie or one that I would recommend to anyone but horror executors.
