The story of the film is great and quaint. Two women travel through the Middle East and discover each other. If you're looking for a movie about the Middle East and Central Asia, it's absolutely terrible. <br /> <br /> The producers of the film either did not research or were incredibly lazy when filming. At first and most blatantly incorrect, the Nuristanis, as they were known in the 1930s, and since their violent conversion by Abdul-Rahman Shah of Aghnaistan, were not nomads. In fact, they have not been nomads since the Aryan invasions of Central Asia three Milenia ago. Secondly, the city filmed as Tehran is not Tehran, but the geography of the region is understandable. Around the city, it could not be any different than the city of Tehran, which is surrounded on all sides by a large mountain range, all cityscapes dominated. Third, despite the fact Persian It is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, is never heard in the film. If there are native speakers who do not speak German, Arabic is spoken. The "Persian" guards at the border actually say "Ma hadha rujal" (This is not a man) and not "in mard nist" as it would be in Persian. Also, the love song between the Indian princess and one of the main characters is obviously in Spanish. During a conversation in the garden, one of the main characters says that the Qur'an uses the words 'Ferdos' and 'Jehaan' and uses a few drug reference books. These words certainly never appear in the Koran because they are Persian for Paradise (in fact, Ferdos and Paradise are very distant relatives between our languages) or 'World', although Jehaan is admittedly close to 'Jehennan', which hell is in Arabic. When they meet nomads in the desert, Arabic is also spoken, although in Iran and Afghanistan there are NO native speakers and the use is mainly religious. At this time, it is also used in education. <Br /> <br /> If stopped in Iran before they reach the Afghan border, the people they meet are completely different from any Iranian group. Their tents are usually bedouins with rugs that adorn the walls, and a high profile. In Iran, it is also very unusual for people to wear turbans unless they are clerics. The spoken language is clearly Arabic from the first greeting of 'Ahlan wa Sahlan'. When they arrive in Kabul, the desert they are in is sandy. Quite different than the rock dirt in the dry parts of the Hindu Kush Mountains. The light green scrub covering the ground in summer and spring is missing. Nor is the area fully occupied by the extreme mountains of the mountain range, which was named The Indian Killers because of its difficult and confining terrain. <br /> <br /> In short, history is the only thing In this movie keeps the water and is still weak and everyday. There is no real incentive, it is just the story of two women trying to get information in Nuristan, even if it is still born and there is no real development, so the characters end up staying where they are they are at the beginning and nothing has changed except that the Second World War has broken loose. In short, this is a really bad movie that I would have rated a star apart from the good footage of Bedouin and the deserts of the Levant, even if they were misnamed.
