The basic premise of "Miami Golem" definitely deserves a place in the top, say, fifty of the most demeaning movies ever written down! I know that Top 50 does not sound too impressive, but I've seen a lot of really weird movies with crazy plots. I prepared for something complicated because the film was staged by Alberto De Martino, one of the most ambitious and creative but unfortunately underestimated Italian filmmakers. De Martino steals several ideas of successful blockbusters, as most Italian directors did back then, but he always adds a lot of material to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all of De Martino's films are worthwhile, but some of them are extremely underrated, such as "A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta", "Holocaust 2000" and "Formula for Murder". The concept of "Miami Golem" contains elements from numerous great sci-fi and adventure films (such as "Alien", "Starman", "Third-Kind Encounters", "ET", ...), but I would not say it exactly call it a rip off. The only thing shamelessly stolen from another movie is the beginning song of the synthesizer song, which sounds almost identical to Harold Faltermeyer's Axel F. from "Beverly Hills Cop." The rest of the movie is an amusing mix of fantasy, sci-fi, action, horror and superhero gimmicks. It certainly does not always make sense (usually not really), but "Miami Golem" is undoubtedly an imaginative and versatile movie that fascinated my buddy and myself from start to finish. <br /> <br /> The plot is extremely difficult to summarize, but I will try anyway. Skeptical journalist Craig Milford tells the story of a German scientist who reportedly discovered extraterrestrial DNA in a crashed meteorite and managed to clone it. The DNA cell is part of a nasty alien force that has already eradicated another interstellar race and will undoubtedly destroy all of humanity once it becomes big enough. If this is not enough of a problem, rich Mr. Anderson ordered the slow-growing evil fetus to steal because he believes he can manipulate and use it to gain world domination. Craig Milford has the daunting task of protecting the planet from the evil fetus with the help of some good aliens in earthly disguise. Okay, I know that all sounds grotesque and stupid, but I assure you that "Miami Golem" is actually a reckless and easily digestible streak. The first half of the film is overly hectic and confusing as Alberto De Martino tries to keep the conspiracy a secret by using absurd red herrings. There are subliminal ghostly appearances, supporting characters who behave excessively mysteriously for no real reason, and at some point there is even speculation about the lost continent of Atlantis. This is all misleading upholstery material, and once the build is more or less clear, "Miami Golem" turns into an ordinary popcorn action movie of the early '80s with bloody massacres, flamboyant chase sequences (in the Florida Everglades!). Explosions, outrageous sleaze and unpleasant little fetal monsters in glasses. <br /> <br /> Now I really do not want to give the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost and undeserved jewel of Italian exploitation cinema. Do not make mistakes, that's a pretty bad movie! The events only become bearable if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the conspiracy and if you fail to do so. Well, this is just an uninterrupted spitfire with negative aspects. The plays are painfully horrible. Especially B-movie veteran John Ireland, an archetypal James Bond rogue character, does not seem to be interested in the script. You can tell by his grimaces, and by the way he delivers his lines, he also believes that the entire production has been left behind and simply filed for the paycheck. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy female object of desire, and the person who drew the wonderfully chaotic VHS cover must have had exactly the same feeling because the gorgeous girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the movie. What an embarrassment that must be for Mrs. Trotter. Their completely unfounded nudity sequences compensate for this, however, as they are pretty hot from the neck down. And finally, there's the memorable scene in which David Warbeck rips off a helicopter from a traveling school bus with a regular gun! I do not think even John Rambo can do that while he's a Vietnam veteran and Warbeck's character is a simple television reporter.
