A reporter, Craig Milford, who works for the James Keller Public Telecommunication Center, interviewed a German professor at a University of Floridian who created an unknown creature based on a substance of meteorites. A man named Anderson, who tries to control the entire planet with the creature, and his husband kills the professor and his assistants and loots the creature. Craig and his new psychic partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with the human but also with the creature's alien friends, begin to find the creature and try to send it to an alien spaceship. Film has some great cast and crew bars. For example, it has the actor David Warbeck of THE BEYOND, the actress, Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY, the special effects creator, Sergio Stivaletti of Dario Argento's masterpieces and the director (and also the scriptwriter) Alberto De Martino of MAN WITH OWN EYES and THE KILLER IS ON THE PHONE. And these talented people are doing an incredibly bad movie called nothing but this MIAMI GOLEM, which is essentially a confusing combo movie from CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE DRIRD ART with E.T.THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL. And this not only confused, but also overcrowded movie is worth something; Genetic engineering with psychic research. Consequently, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical error. Genetic engineering and psychic research are never compatible. (Regarding this oddly childlike combination of genetic engineering and psychic research, Craig, the lead actor himself, says there is a BETTER EXPLANATION for short-haired psychic Joanna, but the whole story of the film can not and can not offer a BETTER EXPLANATION.) this movie something more ridiculous; his problematic music. What the composer referred to as Robert Marry provides is nothing but the strangely persistent music that tastes like BEVERLY-HILLS-COP. I do not want to say that this Italianized theme of BEVERLY HILLS COP is particularly bad music per se, but I have to say that it is obvious that the music is not suitable for this movie at all. Who can imagine that BEVERLY HILLS COP is compatible with genetic engineering and / or psycho-logical research?
