This is a movie that needs to digest something. On the one hand, we are offered a tough outer shell, a story that not only guides the Catholic Church, but is also stupid and uninformed. On an inner layer, we are offered a history of orthodoxy about orthopraxis, and what happens when people blindly follow a belief they are not allowed to understand. <br /> <br /> At first glance, it seemed like a comedy. If this is the case, Mr. Durang must open a dictionary, as he obviously does not know the meaning of the word. The jokes are pale; The humor is awkward and poorly delivered. Above all, Ms. Keaton's performance is fleeting and exaggerated, far below the quality of her Annie Hall and Sleeper Days. Jennifer Tilly is again the role model of strength, with her high voice and whining style. All this could be waived if it were not for the last 20 minutes of this movie, which was obviously a controversial 1981 game. *** Beware, spoilers in front of the brothers /> Everything starts with the appearance of four former students of Sister Mary Ignatius (Ignatius is a male name, by the way, and a nun would not accept it under any circumstances after her vows, simply therefore, to show you how much tireless research has gone into the project.) If everyone admits that they are not following the teachings of the Church, the sister becomes irrational and abuses her in a way that the audience wants so I believe she did it in the crazy sepia tone flashbacks. If one of them grants two abortions, the nun becomes even more abusive until the student draws a weapon. After ripping it off, the nun kills the student, presumably in self-defense. Then she rages screaming and kills a gay former student for his sins. The last shot is of the dead female student lying in a Christlike stance while a shadow of a cross hangs over her. Can you say with heavy hands? I knew you could do it! <br /> <br /> I know there have been abusive nuns in the past, and I know that many people were emotionally damaged as a result, but these pictures are flushed into our throat in almost every other shot this turn Wreck of a movie. I have heard from the author and the director that this is a film about hysteria and why one should not follow orthodoxy so religiously, no pun intended. However, this explanation is hard to swallow, simply because we never get an authoritative stance that in one way or another is not directed against the Catholic faith. This movie is simply an anti-Catholic threesome that is mean and hateful in the name of fairness and equality. <br /> <br /> This is a movie I would recommend to a Catholic to wake him or her to the realities of what cynicism and ignorance they encounter today. If 'Rabbi Ray explained everything' or 'Imam Muhammad explains everything', there would be rioting on the streets and Showtime would lose all his subscription. However, since this is a movie that bumps against the majority-perceived thing, it is accepted and even acclaimed by those who share the same vicious stance. Anyway, I hope a member of this cast was a practicing Catholic, so it was not just the ignorance that made this movie. I give him 1.5 out of 5 stars, not because of his insulting nature, but because of it was written poorly, misdirected and generally just a bad movie. Do not even waste your time.
