Final Score ... who cares? It's a reality show. It has no love for the audience, it lazes lazy television viewers, inserts nothing and does not bring anything out. <br /> <br /> "Joe Millionaire," the most disgusting reality show of all, is a television disaster of epic proportions. It is a turning point, not only for Fox, but also for the American audiences, who watch, like and talk about this crap the next day. Your people should be ashamed. For as much as Fox advertises for this trash, he does not make any money unless he is watched by the people (and that's about it, the final was almost Super Bowl numbers!). It does not bother you that there are many quality broadcasts that are written, directed, acted upon and in general efforts are made to be canceled while you sit back and round off this effortless, cold game show? <br /> <br /> I was a staunch supporter of Fox. It's those of us like, who like and seek quality television that helped build Fox in the days of Married ... with Children and The Simpsons. Conveniently, none of these shows would now create 6 weeks with the current management. The Gail Berman "reign of terror", as it is often called. The network has been at war on scripted television, and strangely it's fans. The people who helped with the construction in the beginning. Now we have to fight not only for good shows, but also against our own network. It baffles the mind. Nothing Fox has done in the past three years makes no sense at all. By refusing hits like "Titus", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can renew "Boomtown", but Fox can not lift his miserable head to give the only decent show they've ever had this season had?). And the reason why they can do it all: The success of junk like "Joe Millionaire". You can now say, "We do not need TV fans, we have reality shows". They seem to have no idea that the big crowd drawn with this garbage is fickle and wants to give it up as soon as the next fad occurs. If you alienate your base in this way, the network will eventually be destroyed the way ABC reset it. <br /> <br /> The show itself is a joke. Here's a premise in the classic Fox gimmick that promises us something different and nervous, but then delivers something that is in no way different from "The Bachelor" or anything on the big 3rd Fox. Fox has become mainstream. The finale and "Twist" (Quote / Unquote) showed that they have no ideas up their sleeves. Now we know that all these shows, no matter how different they look, end on the same corncob. We saw a number of lame aspiring actors who chose the network of millions of headshots for their demo parade, such as high school bimbos claiming they liked this Evan Marriott because ... well, because it was a contest and what it is you should do Marriott himself is like a horribly disfigured Chro Magnum man trying to put together the simplest sentences. But how can the women (who all look average to ugly - an important minus is a guilty pleasure like this one) - do not fall for "Joe" with such charming lines as "Look, you're not stupid". <Br /> <br /> I've always thought that the people who saw these reality / dating / game shows were just too lazy to change channel, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think that they really need to be mentally deficient. Come on, guys, have a little more pride in you. Demand a little more of your entertainment than THIS. <br /> <br /> Boycott FOX.
