Serum begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is pleased to learn that he has been admitted to the medical school to continue the family tradition of becoming MD, as his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey). His joy, however, could be short-lived, as Eddie was involved in an accident and is hit by a car. When he's taken to the nearest hospital, poor Eddie does not look well. His uncle, Eddie, convinces his brother Richard to have Eddie rescued with the serum he has developed, a serum that gives the recipient the power to heal himself or her from any kind of wound. Desperate that his boy is alive, Richard agrees, but the procedure has unwanted side effects, such as turning Eddie into a brain-eating zombie, which is simply not a good thing. Executive Produced, Written and Directed by Steve Franke I'm perfectly honest and say serum is horrible, Serum is one of those no-budget horror movies that tries to rip up a different number of others and end up being a bit more fun than when one pulls out the fingernails with pliers. The screenplay is awful, it has the whole re-animator (1985), crazy researchers, huge syringes trying to wipe out death, but it's so boring that it's not true, the first forty minutes are nothing else as a really boring soap opera, the climax of which is to expect Eddie to come home after a long time and his ex-girlfriend has met with somebody, arguing with his stepmother, getting drunk with his buddy and stiffing the audience. So when the boredom of the first forty minutes is over, it takes another twenty minutes for Eddie to be animated again. Then he kills some people, the police catch him up and shoot him. Thank God. The serum does not have any of the qualities one would associate with a good movie, the character is bad, the dialogue is bad, it takes itself too seriously, is boring, it is slow, it is forgotten, and it is a Horror Movie There is an alarming lack of blood, blood or horror. Not recommended, did I mention that serum was boring? I thought so. <br /> <br /> Director Franke does not do anything to liven things up, though he has no style here. The gore levels are not there, there's a bit of blood spray, a bitten neck, a few scars on the face of a dead woman, a few scenes of a needle piercing the skin & that's it. Do not expect a re-animator in the Gore department, because if you are very disappointed, as I actually was. Filmed in a house, a restaurant and a laboratory, the film has no variety and just looks cheap. There are a few scenes of nudity, but that's not enough to save it. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is not that bad, at least it looks like using real cameras, I can not really comment on it The special effects, because there are none, but in general, serum looks pretty professional , Apparently filmed in Texas, or should that be read, should it have literally been filmed in Texas? Acting is shitty, though I think they were more of a real actor than the director's friends or family. Serum is a terrible movie, he is boring, slow, boring, has no blood and feels like a terrible soap opera for the first forty minutes. I do not understand why anyone would feel the need to see this, if instead he can see re-animator or one of his episodes again. Seriously, I suggest you give serum a miss. There I just saved you from the waste of 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
