"Serum" starts off with credits that are pretty much reminiscent of the "Re-Animator" movies and owes them a lot. The story is very similar; A crazy doctor develops a serum that he believes will relieve pain, illness, and death, but he does not seem to believe in clinical trials and therefore ends up with a brain-eating zombie on his hands in the person of his nephew. The zombie even looks like one of "Re-Animator", and some of the make-up effects in "Serum" are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is pretty slow and unbelievable in many places, resulting in a sense of soap opera for most of the first 3/4 of the movie. For some reason, the director feels compelled to tell us the time of day every few minutes by flashing them across the screen in large white letters. I can not understand why this was important except as an attempt to give viewers a sense that time is passing. Sometimes that would not be there otherwise, since the action comes along. For example, a victim is hit with a sledgehammer, but if we see the victim's head up close, there is no sign of trauma. In another scene, a figure with a flashlight in his hand is running through a fully lit hospital corridor (we can actually see the circles of light on the floor) looking for the whole world as if it were walking in the dark ... but a moment later A second character walks along the same fully lit corridor. These are just some examples. Moments that look like director or editorial sloppiness often appear throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> "Serum" is, in a sense, better than many, which has recently been seen as an independent horror directly as a video. In technical terms? Sound and photography for example? It has a polished look as much that ends up on a DVD. On the other hand, there is still a lot of wooden play (especially by one of the main characters, the crazy scientist!) And nonsensical moments that have nothing to do with the lifting of unbelief and everything with writing and continuity. Perhaps these are the things that will ultimately give the people involved in the film more experience. One of the problems with independent low-budget horror lately is that filmmakers often wanted to recreate more popular movies with larger budgets and this almost never works. In the case of "serum" it did not work anyway.
