Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or hooligans is a bad movie. The story is full of fantastic ideas and premises that everyone who lives in England has taken part in a football game or knows that football is being discovered right away. <br /> <br /> My first major complaint to hooligans is the poor casting of the two main characters. Do not get me wrong, I like Elijah Wood and have great respect for his work, but despite his efforts, he has struggled to reduce that role. The main motivation for his character is anger on the system and anger at betrayal, however, he spends much of the film calm and happy and only shows his pent-up aggression in a short scene towards the end of the film. This, combined with his looks and body, makes him an absolutely unconvincing complement to a group of football hooligans. At no time during the film was I convinced that he would a) be able to handle himself in the fight against such thugs and b) the "company" of thugs would take such a person into their trap. <br /> <br /> The other main character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks the role and is pretty convincing as a bat. Since he's from Newcastle Upon Tyne in the north of England, he unfortunately has the worst accent in East London since Dick Van Dyke tried to play in Marry Poppins. Details like this are unlikely to disturb an American audience, which in the UK will be less focused on regional dialects, but from the UK it was a problem I could not ignore, and it helped ruin the film for me. The cast was convincing and well-filled, especially the role of Bover. The guy who played this character would be the starring role that Charlie played, much better adapted. With a movie like this, you have to convince the audience that your characters are plausible. Unfortunately, the casting failed. Imagine you were making a movie like The Godfather and playing Sean Hayes (Jack) by Will and Grace Michael Corleones. You would not be convinced. The story in Hooligan is also full of implausibilities. I'm not a football hooligan, but I'm a fantastic football fan. I know how cliquey can be a group of "regular" football fans, as it is considered impossible for a non-football fan who is not a fan of the club in question, does not come from the area in question and also The English nationality is one of "Company", which in some serious cases amounts to a secret organization. My last and biggest problem with this movie is the way football hooligans are portrayed. I reject the idea of ​​the film that hooligans, though very violent, are excused because they should live and be admired in their own world according to a code of ethics because they are brave and loyal to one another. That's utter garbage. Football hooligans are utter scum. They use football, the national sport of England, and use it as an excuse to terrorize, scare and intimidate people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but they give the whole game and the people of this country a bad reputation. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowardly and evil. If the "GSE" in this movie really loved their club, West Ham, why would they spend their lives spoiling the name? Hooligans are embarrassing football and English society. Football hooligans do for the reputation of football, what Hitler did to the reputation of the Germans. Although this film tries to show the "cruel" side of violence in football. It is nothing but a kind of excusable activity for extreme fans of the sport. It does not show the poor, innocent spectators at football matches who have ruined their day by an idiot throwing coins / lighters / glass into the crowd. It does not show the innocent homeowners and owners who have to put up with graffiti and broken windows. It does not show the REAL fans of football clubs that are suffering from indignation and embarrassment when their teammates are banned from traveling to away matches or going to European matches abroad because the thugs among them are ruining it for everyone. If you want to watch a good movie about football violence, check out the BBC drama "The Firm."
