"A Smile LIke Yours" is a pathetic comedy that does not really make sense. I do not mean that the story was complicated, but the whole plot is based on one thing: the desperate and expensive unsuccessful attempts of a couple to father children. Those who have tried so hard must have forgotten the option of adoption, to which this movie is not so nice. Lauren Holly plays Jennifer Robertson, a complete contradiction to anything the women's liberation movement offers and shows almost no sense of independence. She is a rather boring character as a dreamy housewife who has absolutely nothing else in mind than having children. Like a stupid 50's romance comedy, Greg Kinnear is her submissive husband who also has no personality, no independence, and no interest from us. <br /> <br /> They are the two most boring and often annoying characters and they barely make themes for a comedy that should present themselves with many glitches that result from a couple doing everything to get pregnant. Apart from the fact that they really do not do anything except go to a fertility clinic and spend a lot of money to do what they can do in the privacy of their own person (except for this in vitro fertilization number). The plot does not allow any mishaps, because the couple does nothing to create a bizarre situation. They just go to this clinic. So what? The negotiations are designed to test the couple's loyalty, a necessary moral element of the story as the couple plans to conceive together. Jennifer works with her boyfriend (played by Joan Cusak) in a New Age shop, and they develop aphrodesia. Christopher MacDonald plays the interested buyer and Jennifer is the promising negotiator for an attractive price for her and her girlfriend's product. The subplot barely offers anything to interest you (though Joan Cusak is pretty funny in the restaurant scene). Danny (Kinear) is an architect who finds the opportunity to make a little more money on clinic bills by taking a job in Seattle, where his boss is the crass temptress (also another hopeless, helpless female character) who tries to Danny (as stupid as he is) to have an affair with her as soon as things are rocky with him and his wife (for reasons I do not want to give away). Jill Hennesy is good at the role, but her character is too predictable and formulated as a much needed element to create a conflict for Danny. It is stupid and again hardly interesting. <br /> <br /> The whole movie itself is absolutely boring and not funny at all (except for the restaurant scene and the airline's flight). The plot offers nothing that is really eye-catching. Even if the story was just two people trying to grasp, the authors could have found some funny glitches to develop from. Second, the main characters are completely boring. They are complete silouhettes of stupid comedies of the 50s with a happy woman and a helpless man. Even without glitches in the plot, the characters themselves do not offer anything interesting or funny. Joan Cusak should have starred and someone else should have taken over Kinnear's role. Cusak would have made a miserable story outrageously funny (as she sometimes plays in her lead role). This is definitely one thing you should not miss.
