A fan of science-fiction movies, I've known The Matrix since its release in 1999. Of all that I allowed people to tell me about, I assumed it was very original and refined. I am also a devotee of Alice in Wonderland. I never quite figured out how I had missed The Matrix when it was released. With the upcoming release of The Matrix Reloaded, it was time to buy and watch the DVD. <br /> <br /> The disappointment was too big. The premise of the matrix (the controller as opposed to the movie) was smart. The philosophical premise of parallel worlds, of alternative realities, is wasteful. Still, I could have bought myself into the movie as science fiction if it was firmly anchored in the genre. Unfortunately, this became a standard: "Will they not or will not flee, break through, rescue the needy, and so on?" To make matters worse, it turned out to be another martial arts exercise. The problem is that science fiction and martial arts films are actually two different types. For the devotee of one or the other, the mixing of the two does not work. It's like mixing science fiction with romance. You can have one or the other, but not both in the same movie, or at least not both in the same movie in the same movie. <br /> <br /> If such problems with The Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded has really exacerbated the problems. At least thirty minutes of the movie were either martial arts sequences or the lengthy chase. (This observation ignores the question posed in any professional, negative review of the film: If Neo could do the Superman thing, why should one resist at all?) The answer, of course, is to the theater as far as the young, demographic group is concerned. ) Then there is the aspect of salvation through love. This plot was worn over a hundred years ago by Richard Wagner. In the Gotterdammerung it was actually handled better. <br /> <br /> So, who stays there when he sees the Matrix Reloaded? Fans of martial arts probably moaned through the banal, but mysterious science-fiction philosophizing. Fans of sci-fi novels wondered why they were sitting at a kung-fun festival. Most of the men in the audience were probably bored with the stupid romance of the movie. <br /> <br /> What should you get for your money if you watch The Matrix franchise movies: science fiction, martial arts or soap opera? A little bit of each one does not mean much more of each of them, nor a satisfying movie for the lovers of each one.
