You would expect a movie with a budget of $ 300 million U should entertain you at least for the time you spend in the cinema. "Matrix Reloaded" proves this assumption wrong. <br /> <br /> "The Matrix" worked better, though there were obvious gaps in the logic of the story. At least nobody could explain to me why a bot (aka agent) would be beaten in a simulation (aka Martix) would in any way damage the responsible computer program ... Unfortunately, the Wachowski brothers have just that This "agent-bashing" is the main thing in "Matrix Reloaded": It's a beat 'em up-o-rama. These battle scenes can be enough in 5 seconds (or even cool). Trailer, but prolonged for several minutes, seemingly fake, badly choreographed and repeated again and again, it is nothing more than boring. Despite the promised spectacular stunts, there is nothing but simple, unimaginative bashing that was not seen in (eg better). Van Damme "Movies". The difference in post-production (everything is five times faster, the camera floats around and freezes in certain scenes, and this is repeated for at least 5 minutes). This does not help here, everything has nothing to do with the actual meaning of "martial arts". Apart from these "battles", all actors refuse to do what they are paid for: acting. <br /> <br /> What else is left but the fight scenes? Few except Hollywood routine. This oh-so-multicultural group of hippies who have sucked in "Waterworld" is being recycled as a citizen of "Zion" (the last city in the world), and Morpheus orders them to start dancing because this is a great opportunity to get involved show a lot of barely covered tits and asses. The a-so-popular cliché of the frog also known as French speaking with this "je ne sais quoi" fool wasting his fortune for a "Liason d'amour" is valiantly served. This (and unintentionally funny) follows the fight between Neo and the sinister supporters of 'The Frog', as it takes place in an Erroy Flynn-like corporation and fortunately offers many medieval weapons for decoration. For Neo pose with the halberd, just add 2 stairs and many statues (to be destroyed, to be thrown over bad guys) and you'll get 5 pointless, boring minutes. from this garbage. <br /> <br /> What else is to be expected? The usual merchandising hell. And "revolutions" that will happen or not - certainly without me.
