The first Matrix movie was lush with incredible character development, witty dialogues and action scenes kept in the flow of history. These elements - paired with incredible special effects of the day - were a magical ride that kept you breathless all the time. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its continuation Revolutions). The problem here is not the special effects or the combat sequences, as some might argue; The brothers took well-developed characters from the first film and eroded them like rotten tree trunks. The connection made in the first movie between onlookers and characters on screen is lost when you realize that they are not the same characters from the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> Morpheus was thus developed as a charismatic, philosophical character, whose insight goes far beyond anyone else in the film, but here in Reloaded, we are presented by another Morpheus, who stands hard and hollow and reduced to stupid one-liners is that contradict the character we saw movie for the first time. This character simply did not feel that way, and this could also be said about the secondary characters in the movie. <br /> <br /> The removal of 'Tank' was also a disappointment. Panzer's involvement in the first film was minimal at best, but he played the role very well. In Reloaded, we find that Tank dies after the events in the first movie, and he is replaced by a Jar Jar Binks stunt double that could not save his life (think of an old box of Kellogg's corn flakes). His performance made me chuckle, and most of his spoken dialogues had no timing. There was an overwhelming feeling that he was either trying too hard to convey his emotions on screen, or the handover in the script was over; In both cases, the experience was humorous! At times, I felt embarrassed for the actor ... <br /> <br /> Even Neo's divine personality was suspicious during most of the combat sequences. The street battle with the 200 Agent Smith clones was certainly overkill. For such a gifted man as Neo, one has to wonder that he would even waste his time engaging in such a fruitless, frivolous fight when more urgent things are involved (especially considering he can fly or his ungodly Ability to bend the matrix, surely Neo would have been able to send the clones much faster and more efficiently, again offering such acts for a script that is hampered by consistency and scenes created as fillers to keep us out of whimsy Jokingly, our expectations of the characters that came out in the first movie are immediately dropped, and for those who expect more from the same, you'll be disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, if you're using Reloaded as the default Take action-action film and forget it The incredible disagreements in the story and the split off of the already established character development from the first movie sol You should start with a sense of satisfaction.
