Observable small half-scarf, but hardly captivating. Nevertheless, two or three funny moments. I am fascinated by how slippery and morally questionable McNicol is. She plays an invalid (a leg problem), but not only is she not the "ugly duckling" the men avoid, she's even a man-eater - and we should feel for her! Oh, poor little McNicol, with her leg problem ... Poor little McNicol ??! She constantly gets passes from men and even lets them fall without blinking! On one occasion, she even has a deliberate one-night affair with a blonde stallion, and then she tells her new-found French girlfriend that she needed an erection. We're wondering why she's so leg conscious, whether every guy wants to pull her up. Well, almost every guy. The only guy who really shunned her after he saw her leg wrapped in metal is the guy who works on the phone. Otherwise, she seems to be fine with men! No shyness, no lack of success in men, and she throws them away like toys; the way she dumped Carradine was ridiculous. Poor little invalid girl? I do not believe And yet we should believe that this woman has a great confidence problem; hence the scene in which she prepares to play the flute for a solo concert, and she somehow succeeds in throwing the notes out of nervousness. Nervousness?? The rest of the film shows little or nothing, suggesting that she has trust issues, so this flute scene is absurd and does not fit into the big picture. I was also surprised how quickly and eagerly McNicol befriends a French woman who messes up a married man. Superficially, the film seems to be a "sentimental story of the struggle of a crippled woman for acceptance" (or something like that), but it's nothing like that; The writer clearly switches between this kind of film and a kind of "screw everything that moves - it's the 80s" - very confusing. <br /> <br /> Up to her leg: It's not like she has a big fat purple balloon growing on her calf muscle. She has "only" a normal-looking metal prosthesis on the lower part of her leg, so I really do not understand why the creators of the movie seem like a female quasimodo or the beginning of the movie. It's not like she has a double head growing out of her throat. Although McNicol is hardly a big catch. A little sweet, but nothing special, pretty average. <br /> <br /> But what the hell does Carradine do when she plays a (relatively) smooth guy flirting with McNicol and her buddy ?! This guy was in "Revenge of the Nerds"! But I think the Carradines in the movies are just like the Kennedy's in politics: no matter how ugly, incapable or stupid, all the doors to a career in film and politics are open. > <br /> down with nepotism. <br /> <br /> If you would like to read fake biographies about the Carradines and other Hollywood nepotists and idiots, contact me via email.
