Another double noir on a Warner Home Video disc and the much better of the two is the great 1950s thriller by RKO "Where Danger Loves". This is a memorable classic with a great cast in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Crisply was photographed by Nicholas Musuraca in Black & White and was conducted strictly by John Farrow. "Where Danger Lives" is a prime example of the noir style of picture-taking and will always be remembered for its stylish craftsmanship, which was Hollywood's past - (see my full review). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately no praise can be applied to the second film on the CD, the abysmal MGM 1949-Stinker TENSION! The film was badly written (Allen Rivkin) and directed by John Berry. This film is full of ridiculous characterizations and unusual situations. The unimaginable relationship between a meek and feeble pharmacist - gently played by Richard Baseheart - and his frankly hovering wife (an excited Audrey Totter) is utterly implausible and unconvincing (as at the very first guess). When she "not surprisingly" digs for one of her playmates (Lloyd Gough), our shy apothecary, instead of being euphoric and overjoyed, with his new luck, revenge and attempts to kill Gough, is chickens at the last minute. The guy is still being murdered and our pharmacist is immediately suspected by homicide detective Barry Sullivan (another bland performance). Who killed him? Well, at this stage of the movie, you really do not care, because everything is done so badly and ridiculed by director Berry. Mr. Berry has no idea about the pace and can not put a bit of style into the thing. There is nothing he can put in front of the camera that will prevent you from nodding! The only TENSION included in this film is the rubber band, stretched to its limits and locked in the fingers of Barry Sullivan as he gives the intro to the opening of the film. So much! An unfortunate effort! C'est la vie! <br /> <br /> The best thing about this turkey is the smooth monochrome cinematography of the great Harry Stradling, an effective score by the young André Previn, and an early dramatic performance by pretty Cyd Charisse before she found her dancing shoes. Hello! - Maybe she could have saved the picture if she had given us a few steps and a few pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> In his favor, however, are the numerous extras that include trailers, comments and features for both films. But the disc is worthwhile alone for the RKO Mitchum classic!
