The Robin Cook novel "Coma" was already made in 1978 to a pretty successful film. A few years later, another Robin Cook bestseller's turn was to receive the big screen treatment, but in the case of "Sphinx," virtually everything that could go awry can go awry. This is a horrible adventure movie made up of woody performances, stupid dialogues, unconvincing characters, and leaden tempo. The only reason why 1 in 10 points escapes is that the Egyptian background offers infinitely more fascination than the story itself. Hard to believe that Franklin J. Schaffner (of "Patton" and "Planet Of The Apes") ) is the director of this debacle. <br /> <br /> Pretty Egyptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on a working vacation in Cairo when she stumbles over antique dealer Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi makes friends with Erica and is impressed by her enthusiasm and her knowledge. Consequently, he shows her a beautiful and incredibly rare statue of Pharoah Seti I, which he secretly stores in his shop. The existence of the statue arouses intense excitement in Erica, as it could provide important clues as to how Seti I found the long-lost tomb, a prize as large as the discovery of the tomb of Tutankhamun in 1922. Before Hamdi Erica To tell more, he is brutally murdered in his shop, and Erica watched in silent horror, as he finds his cruel end. Erica is scared, but she tries to find the treasure. It is supported and hindered by various other parties, none of whom are truly trustworthy. First, there is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), apparently a friend, but perhaps a man with uncanny ulterior motives. Then there is Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian for whom Erica has a certain power of attraction, but who may also conceal dangerous secrets from her. <br /> <br /> The biggest problems with "sphinx" usually result from their total disregard for plausibility. Down could not be less convincing than an Egyptologist? It is thought that she would be well educated and resourceful, but she spends the entire movie screaming helplessly like a busty bimbo from a teen slasher movie. On the rare occasions when she does not actually run into a potential villain, she does other brainless things. B. Polaroid flash photos in a 4000 year old grave. The action changes are cumbersome and consist mainly of revelations and crosses that can be predicted long. You can not even try to enjoy the movie on the level of stupid but entertaining action food because the tempo is awfully sluggish. What little action can be found is separated by long stretches of boredom. A famous review of the movie said, "Sphinx stinks!" Never before has a 2-hour movie been so well summed up in two words.
