This movie has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the title is just an appearance. The story is about an imaginary true and hidden tomb in the Valley of the Kings of King Seti I, the second Pharaoh of the 19th dynasty, New Kingdom period. It's not a bad yarn, and much of the film is shot on location. Even the scenes in the lobby of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor were actually shot there and not in a studio. The second unit is endless and they must have been released for weeks on Egypt. Frank Langella is a very good Egyptian. He should take it as a sideline. The film is essentially destroyed by one of the most irritating actresses in the world, Lesley Anne Down, who plays the lead role. She spends the whole movie wondering what she looks like are her blue eyes, which divert the light at the right angle, all the men are looking for pleasure, and so on. After starting modeling when she was ten years old, what hope could she have for her? ? It embodies everything that comes closest to feminine vanity and thoughtless mindset. And to think that this film was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won an Oscar for "Patton"! He makes this awful actress whimper and simulate through the movie, hysterical for a moment, flirting the next, in a sort of hurricane of idiocy as they roll from one man to another, either screaming or making bedroom eyes, it does not matter. She should be a young Egyptologist. But she has never been to Egypt! She takes a taxi to Giza and sees the first glimpse of the pyramids, raves in ecstasy: "But they are so big !!!!" Suck! OK, so that was the script, but she likes to go banal and give the impression that it's her natural element that I do not doubt for a minute. Elements of the story are solid. In fact, there is a serious problem with a black market for antiques. True! Well done! The novel by Robin Cook, which I have not seen, may be fine for everything I know. It was fun to see the name Cyril Swern as a sound writer in the movie, as I had known him for a long time. Stanley Kubrick's stepdaughter Katharina is referred to as a "draughtswoman". I wonder what that means. Maybe she did set work. Anyway, the antiques in the movie are actually pretty good. And we get to see a lot of the Cairo Museum and many scenic spots. They actually go to King Tutankhamun's grave! I can not imagine that would be allowed for a movie today. Mosques have many inappropriate scenes. That would not be good today, but in 1981 such things were not on the agenda. The music for the movie is absolutely terrible, worse than Lesley Anne Down! But there were soundtrack elements that were surprisingly authentic. One of them was the cacophony of Cairo's traffic noise, played back in the background, making anyone who knows Cairo jump nervously. The loudspeaker calls to prayer are there all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why did not they understand that? It could have been good.
