I agree with the majority of the comments I have written. I grew up on Seseme Street before many people who wrote comments were even born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 when Seseme Street became known for watching TV. The show taught me my numbers (The Count), spelling (the muppet), and life. I like all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and I do not quite understand why they had to change. I understand that everything has to change somehow, but to make Cookie Monster a "vegetarian monster" to promote healthy eating. The show has introduced new characters and monsters since its inception. Why not make a separate "veggie monster" that discusses / discusses the benefits of a varied diet with Cookie Monster. But back to my point. I grew up with the sight of Seseme Street, my now 20-year-old daughter grew up with me next to me, and we talked about dying of Mr. Hooper, even though he died before she was born, topics on the show. I saw the episode as an older child and still remember how well they portrayed the event, much like in real life. And I'm sure the occupation was hit extremely hard, as all deaths and losses affect families. They saw this on the show and it has enabled parents and children to discuss very difficult events. The show talked about traditional families, adoptive families and combined families. It's one of the few shows that actually handles these scenarios. I now have a 5 year old daughter who really does not look at SS. I've tried to watch the show a few times, but it's not really what it used to be. The Elmo 1/2 hour with Mr. Noodle is absolutely ridiculous. As many people have said, it does not teach anything. It is (maybe) geared for children less than 18 months old and is not even funny. I was always proud to see SS as a kid, teenager and adult with my own child. Now, in my second round, I find it really hard to see SS. The topics that were discussed were: death, marriage, non-traditional families, new in neighborhoods, relocation, referring to children and adults in a way easily understandable for 2-99 year olds. Now NO concepts are taught, minimal counting, only occasional mention of the alphabet. It is NOT the same SS, from an original observer of the show. PLEASE, if producers of this show read these comments, return the show to their foundation. New concepts have never been a problem at SS, they just had a better way to integrate them into the show.
