If you want to see a movie that terribly mixes one Latin American country with another Latin American country, "The Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Perú did not even show police officers or soldiers in his most violent times like in this movie. This showed a country like El Salvador during the Civil War. Being a Peruvian and living in Lima (the capital of Peru) it was too funny for me to see the police guards here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru and you want to (or have to) be a taxi driver, just put a sticker with the word "Taxi" on the windshield of your car and you can drive freely in the Peruvian roads are taxi companies, but their prices are quite expensive. You do not need a yellow or black / white square band on the doors of your car. Well, taxis in this movie have this band, something you'll never see in Peru. 3. The Peruvian people are not Caribbean-style clothes. For example, when a taxi driver came out, he was wearing a "guayabera" (Cuban shirt), a white hat and mustache of the 40s like Clark Gable. No Peruvian looks like this, please! Peru is not the Caribbean! 4. A scene depicts a woman on a street with a rather long skirt, like the typical folkloric dresses in Latin America. Take a walk anywhere in Peru, and you will never find a woman to wear that way, unless you see a typical dance. 5th cast could have been better: I can not deny that Héctor Elizondo is a great actor, but he is not a Latin American actor (his father was Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his Spanish is not liquid. It is well known that Spanish is not his native language. There are dozens of very good Latin American actors who could have performed as Cardinal Sebastián. Peter Antonius (General Rodríguez) was also a poor choice for a "Latin police officer". It was so funny to see Elizondo and Petronius in the office of General Rodríguez. They looked like two English or American students in a Spanish class and tried to speak Spanish. Of course, unsuccessful. Castulo Guerra was better in his Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer announcing Cardinal Sebastián also spoke a rather funny Spanish. There are very good Peruvian actors, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (to name just two of many Peruvian actors), who could have performed excellently. 6. I admit that a fictional film can invent cities or even countries through a license. But please, when creating a name, be careful when using a foreign language: The city shown in this movie should be called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a male name and Viciente was never used. 7. I do not agree with a user who says this movie was shot in places in Peru. No place is Peruvian, although the production was used in oversized posters showing "Inca Kola", the Peruvian soda. Like many American films, this film must have used some Latin country. Finally, for American producers or directors, a Latin place is the same as any other Latin American place. 8. In the first scenes in which John (Matthew Settle) flies to Perú, he is supposed to arrive at Peru's only international airport: Jorge Chávez Airport (in the capital, Lima). Believe me, it must be any airport in the world except the Peruvian airport. And of course there are no military or police stations at Peruvian airports. 9. If this John takes a room in a Peruvian hotel, this has a fan and obviously no air conditioning. Please, this does not happen in any hotel in Peru (and other Latin countries), unless you get a 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels fighting against the government are ... Colombians! Her accent was undoubtedly Colombia. For the cast, the producers should have hired Peruvian actors. In a few words, it would have been cheaper to shoot in Peru. <br /> <br /> I could go on with more examples from this movie, which made me cast a "1" (terrible) voice, but I fell asleep from the beginning after about 20 minutes. But dear producers: It is not a tragedy: There are many worse movies with not a few mistakes. Let's just remember "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and Disney's indescribable "The Emperor's New Groove". The list of bad movies could be endless ...
