I saw this movie with a lot of people, mostly "spiritual" New Age guys who, unlike me, really enjoyed the movie - though, after those who knew the book (apparently there is a book contains more of this nonsense), the movie is not quite as good. If you tend to call yourself "spiritual," you believe in or at least tolerate things like "aura" and "astral body," and do not bother with the frequent use of the term "energy" out of context. Physics or technology you like You may actually enjoy the movie, and you will probably be able to enjoy even more the book on which it obviously resides. Unleashed unbelief is easily exhausted by the insane New Age nonsense and conspiracies based on it, if you have a small one Have tolerance for cheesy lighting effects, to designate the appearance of spirituality, and maybe even expect a reasonable dialogue without acting that is my recommendation for this film: Stay. Away. <br /> <br /> Do not even think about it. Tonight, this movie displaced Dungeons and Dragons as the worst movie I personally saw in a movie theater (I do not count films that I saw expecting them to be bad, like Plan 9, etc.). At the same time, the total number of films I almost reached increased to two (D & D is the other). I do not go out of films, not even this one, but I should have, when I saw the visual representation of an aura for the first time, because the New Age BS is getting fatter from that point on. <br /> <br /> The plot is about a group of people who are dealing with ancient prophecies, seeking spiritual enlightenment, and aiming to bring humanity to the next stage of development. Or something like that. You are actually saying that this spiritual stuff is the next step in human evolution, which should frighten anyone who has even the slightest idea what human evolution is. The movie is shocked with such people. Occasionally, people will radiate to what they would surely call "another dimension," or perhaps "another level," and then become invisible to those who have not yet attained enlightenment. Quality. <br /> <br /> In the end, the directors patronize the audience by pervading the "insights" that make up the prophecy, painfully slowly, presumably so that we memorize them and the cinema as better enlightened persons being able to leave. <br /> <br /> Good for the movie? Some very pretty nature shots and some decent supporting performances by Elizondo and de Almeida. I can honestly say that it seriously affects my ability to take a person seriously if they find this film interesting or acceptable. It's really a cheap spiritualism of the most naive kind, and if that's not your thing, you should do something different with your time and your money.
