The film contains a fairly condensed version of what is in the book, which, in my opinion, is largely a fiction through research and verification of facts. In reality, there are no ancient scrolls. If the author had come under pressure, he would surely have admitted that he had never seen any scrolls in ancient Aramaic in Peru. These "valuable" texts, written as usual by anonymous writers, have been destroyed by the evil "truth haters" in the church and local government. That's pretty weird, with all kinds of New Age crap coming out every year - hundreds of books, dozens of films - and the Roman Catholic Church does not seem to me to be hell-destroying the movement she's likely to see like me total clutter. I'm not a fan of the church, mind you, but at least the old texts on which they base their beliefs are real. <br /> <br /> It is a typical pattern of scammers and religious crooks who are said to have seen or translated ancient documents that were unfortunately destroyed by "evil" men or in Joseph Smith's case brought back the sky once translated. The actual texts are therefore found neither in museums such as the Smithsonian, nor in specialized translations of ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. It is a scam. In a sense, I admire anyone who is smart enough to have a great idea and make millions out of it, but I could not do it myself, as I have no intention of misleading the public with more New Agey hokum to lead. <Br /> <br /> Occasionally a true ancient text is found hidden and lost for years. The gospel of Judas, a gnostic text, was discovered and considered to be authentic by experts and after careful examination of the text by experts. The Judas gospel was around 300 AD. As heretical. No ecclesiastical documents from this period mention Celestine Prophecies as authentic, heretical, or anything else. <br /> <br /> We're developing into something - that's true - but the optimism in the Celestine Prophecy is based on nothing but fiction and lies, and a philosophy based on lies, like a sand-built castle, will collapse. The rough, ugly, overpopulated, cruel world of Blade Runner is more likely than over the horizon than in a utopian hippie community where all is love and peace! I tell people the truth and they hate me, but I tell them what they want to hear, even if they just whistle, and you can make millions. The Celestine Prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Too bad it is a castle built on sand. Do not get me wrong. I wish God, the Celestine vision was reality, just not. No old philosophy at any time expressed ideas given in the findings, with the modern concept of spiritual evolution going hand in hand with biological evolution. These New Age ideas did not exist in antiquity and did not exist until Darwininan evolution became known. This means that the ideas in the Celestine Prophecies can not be older than those around 1800 AD, and do not go back to the early BC or near Jesus of Nazareth. This kind of New Agers claim is by no means unusual. Wiccans claim that their magic and witchcraft play a role - the "ancient religion" dates back to the Stone Age, when in fact no Book of Shadows was known to Gerald Gardner, who lived in the 1900s and was the buddy of Aleister Crowley. <br /> <br /> New Age gurus tell lies, claiming that their ideas were based on ancient teachings as the ancients stretched their noses at the absurdities preached today by gurus. Why are they doing what they do, doing such scams? Quite simply, there are millions of dollars to earn, and the modern guru gains power over his followers. They compete fiercely and, despite their love claims for all things, have a strong hatred for their competition. Every New Age group is bitter against the others. It's a fight for your mind and purses. <br /> <br /> But learn something of mine that actually resembles one of the insights, learn to follow your own instincts and seek guidance from the inside out. I can fully agree with that.
