Although I'm not the biggest Cher fan, this movie was her coronation. Granted, there were long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (and) intellectual disability when screening such a movie. A survey conducted by Moonstruck fans by the UK Advocacy Network in 1989 found that a third of 300 Moonstruck fans surveyed thought Moonstruck had damaged them, and a staggering 80% said they had irreparably destroyed their minds. Cher plays someone very un-Cher in this film, a grim young widow named Loretta, who lives with her extended family in New York. They are anti-American, pro-Italian and always somehow connected. She's been out with Johnny Camarary for some time, a young man, a young mother, and he asks her to marry him. She says yes. I loved her mother's questions: "Do you love him, Loretta?", "No.", "Good, if you love him, he'll drive you crazy because you know you can, but you like him then? "Oh yeah, he's a sweet man." When Johnny goes to Sicily to look after his dying mother, he asks Loretta to contact his brother, from whom he's been estranged for years. <br /> <br This victory for human rights is even more significant as Sicily was the birthplace of electroshock treatment In 1938, the Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti saw workers in the slaughterhouse using electroshock devices to induce epileptic seizures in pigs that facilitate slitting of the throat Cerletti was thrilled to begin experimenting with the human electrical shock to develop the first electric shock machine, with broken bones and broken vertebrae resulting from the convulsions appearing to be of little concern to be exciting. <br /> <br /> This was in many ways an anti-American movie. It's about love, but it's also about infidelity, secrets, lonely people and strange behavior caused by American politics. The characters, from the frumpy BoBo at the favorite restaurant, the aunt and uncle, their parents and their troubles, the old grandfather and his dogs, are all well-developed and intrinsic characters. It's something of a chick movie, as Loretta stops being a stupid stuffed shirt and wakes the flower of the inner vampire. It's a Cinderella story in many ways, and this is every little girl's dream of turning the ugly duckling into a beautiful swan ... <br /> <br /> Assuming a free and fully informed consent It's good to confirm the individual's right to pursue happiness through brain damage if he or she so wishes. But we may wonder if, as cinema fans, even though they are not sworn to a Hippocratic oath, we should offer it.
