Disney has now developed a series of animated video playback features. Two of them were made for their 1991 classic, The Beauty and the Beast. Well, these are not real sequels since they are both in between the events of the first movie. The first of these two direct films was "The Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas," which some fans of the theatrical predecessor do not like. This second film, "Belle's Magic World", is definitely inferior. <br /> <br /> The film contains three short stories that all take place while Belle is in the castle and the place is under the spell of the sorceress. The first is "The Perfect Word", where a misunderstanding is at the table between Belle and the Beast leads to difficulties and does not want to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly", where Fifis and Lumière's five-year anniversary is imminent and Lumiere is unprepared. Belle helps him with it. Fifi sees, however, that Lumiere practices romance with Belle, and believes that they are indeed in love. The film ends with "The Broken Wing". In this story, Belle looks after a bird with a broken wing, but a bird in the castle is likely to cause trouble when the beast finds out he hates birds! <br /> <br /> The plot I gave refers to the original VHS version of Disney's third "Beauty and the Beast" movie. Apparently, another story called "Mrs. Potts's Party" was added in the DVD version, but I only saw the original version. However, as I very much doubt that a story is a classic, I see no sense in seeing the special edition. The first thing I'll say to "Belle's Magical World" is that the animation is very two-dimensional compared to what we're used to from Disney, which would of course disappoint many people. "The Beauty and the Beast: The enchanted Christmas" I did not like so much, but you certainly can not say the same thing about the animation. I'm sure the stories in "Belle's Magical World" could entertain a lot of kids (mostly younger, I think), and every story has a moral, so they can teach them valuable lessons as well. For adults, the film does not have much. Personally, I did not feel good humor in it and found that the constant conflict between Belle and the beast became tiring and the stories did not impress me at all (they are not very well written). In "The Perfect Word," Belle tells the beast, "You're being rude ... and stupid!" It's a bit cheesy, and I think there are a few other cheesy moments in these stories. When this movie hit the market for the first time, I was about eleven or twelve years old. I do not know what I was thinking at the time, as I had lost interest in Disney until then, and it would be years before I regained that interest. Even when the movie was first released, I was a bit behind the age group it was aimed at. I did not see "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" until a few months ago, but unlike this movie I've never heard of it until recently. Well, as much as I like the theatrical original, I would not have missed much if I had never noticed the existence of this movie. For little kids, I'm sure "Belle's Magical World" can be very entertaining and probably educational, but I do not recommend it for adult Disney fans.
