Right! On average under 9 years, for others maybe under 12! I was eleven years old when I first saw it on video, and at such a young age I could not see the bad cartoon quality nor the fact that these classic characters we all love do not look the same or so good are. Almost everything is so 2D here! I agree that Belle is not even beautiful, just a simple-looking woman with tinted skin. She wears the same light blue dress and does not have a single glamorous dress on her ears can bleed if I had to listen to her every day! Lumiere was polite and elegant in both the original edition and the Christmas edition, but here he is a female, listless fool! Although Cogsworth is the housekeeper he is famous for, he is an absolute friend and the most unbearable character I would say! He always seems to close the unbearably scraping pie hole of his very difficult in this and his dial would really have to be used to return to the unforgettable two films of this series! Poor, poor Mrs. Potts was brought to life not by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic classics), but by Anne Rogers, who did not capture any character of Mrs. Potts. Not if she did her best! When the animal roars, it sounds so terribly wrong, with no additional roaring, growling or growling through a microphone. I'm aware that this is just a third movie after two other films, so of course it would not be that good, but I'm sure a major contribution would not have hurt the Disney artists who were actually so remarkable about animation styles the years. It's okay, I think, and I watch it sometimes, if only when it suits me. It is quite difficult to read a recommendation for you because it depends on how old you are. Keep in mind that this will not be what you would expect after the earlier spectacular films! And to think that in my video the text on the back is called "with brilliant animations"! It's a nice little movie, but on the one hand it's very poor and on the other hand these 3 words should have been picked up for the next release of the original!
