SPOILER WARNING: There are some smaller spoilers in this test. Do not read it beyond the first paragraph if you want to watch the movie. <br /> <br /> The Disney Channel currently has the policy of making a lot of films and a month in the cable channel. Most of them are mediocre and drab and have some good elements, but are still a disappointment ("Phantom of the Megaplex", "Stepsister From Planet Weird", "Zenon: Girls of the 21st Century"). Now and then they do something really great ("Genius", "The Other Me"). But now and then the Disney Channel makes a big mistake and gives us a real stinker. This month (December 2000), the Disney Channel had "The Ultimate Christmas Present", which I thought was terrible because of the bad writing and bad acting. Obviously "The Brainiacs.com" was kicked out a few days before Christmas to jump on vacation because the plot has to do with toys. They even paid for a feature in the TV Guide, so I thought that it should be better than the norm. I had a complete shock. Only Disney's "Model Behavior" was worse than this. <br /> <br /> The plot was far fetched than normal. Usually I leave this slide, but here it just goes too far. Matthew Tyler is tired of his widowed father spending most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that has borrowed money from a diligent bank to stay afloat. Again and again his father has to skip his plans with his son and daughter. Matthew decides he can only spend time with his father when he becomes the boss and tells him to stay home. He has the idea of ​​creating a website where children around the world can find a dollar and invest it in a computer chip his sister invented. The whole concept is full of errors. When kids send in millions of dollars, Matthew opens the bank account of his own company and buys most of his father's business. He is the secret boss, but he does not tell his father, but presents himself at board meetings as a cartoon image through a computer. This image itself is so complex (and ridiculous) that it is not possible for anyone to make it at home, let alone someone as stupid as Matthew. To make a long story short, Matthew orders his father to spend more time having fun and doing things with his children, but a federal official asks about Matthew's business because it's fraudulent. <br /> <br /> This is so much wrong here As mentioned earlier, what they do here is impossible even for true geniuses that these children are not. The website, the cartoon image, the computer chip and even what they learn at school are far too advanced for these children. The acting of most actors, especially Kevin Kilner, is terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the bad bank owner, but his part is a disposable. He has a good scene with Alexandra Paul (who shows that she is capable of acting), in which he explains his motives, but nothing more. And Rich Little is wasted in a small role as a judge. There is even something offensive and unknown for anti-Russian jokes. The biggest atrocities, however, are the hard-hammered themes. These themes are featured in many of the Disney channel's films, but never before have these ultra-conservative messages been hit so hard. The idea of ​​a "revised parent" is really strong, and after being presented inappropriately in The Ultimate Christmas Present, it drowns out when I see it again. Family relationships are important, but Disney must end this endless preaching, because working is also important for maintaining a workable family. Apart from the cancellation of activities thanks to the work, the father did not seem so bad, but I found it offensive when the grandmother told him, "I do not like what I see." Equally bad is the preaching of the idea that single parents MUST marry MUST if they want to educate their children properly. Enter Alexandra Paul, whose character, though important to the plot, is only the love interest of the father. This offensiveness only proves that the brain does not lack the brains of Disney to keep from scratching the bottom of the Disney Script barrel. Do not wait for this movie to teach your kids how to do serious cheating, but wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It has to be better than that. Zantara's score: 1 out of 10.
