I agree with some other critics of this movie. I found it incredibly stupid (at best) and downright misleading, misinforming and damaging (at worst). Like others, I also found this movie a horrible mix of "real" science and pseudo-science New Age propaganda. <br /> <br /> As a psychologist, I was particularly offended by Candace Pert's contributions. Although I was not a fan of her before this film, her discourse on "consciousness" of cells was one of the best examples of taking a concept ("consciousness") that has predictable meaning for most people and putting it into use such a distorted way that it is rather unclear rather than clarifies. It is an old Orwellian mind that Master himself has so well described in his excellent essay "Politics and the English Language." To refer to "consciousness" in this way - in fact - to this film as "scientifically founded" (which clearly aims) is to use the language in the same way that Stalin used in labeling it Slave states "democratic republics" and Hitler when he called his party a "socialist workers' movement". <br /> <br /> I do not pretend to really understand quantum physics. I know enough about it to know it would take considerable study for a truly comprehensive study. Ah, but we Americans love "instant enlightenment," and that's exactly what this film's mistake is trying to do. If asked for questions, that would be one thing, but it clearly tries to ask and answer what no movie could possibly do just because we are a long way from the answers (if they actually exist). <br /> <By the way, ethically, this film needed a disclaimer about connecting several "experts" to the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), not to mention JZ Ritter, who often speaks in her "Ramtha" voice. (I'm always amazed at this channeled, 10,000-year-old Atlantic superman who understands concepts and terminology of the 21st century, but on the other hand, this film argues that the past, the present, and the future are all equal if Ramtha existed in Atlantis I think he could exist now and tomorrow, 10,000 years ago, just why was his financial advice to his followers so incredibly bad Oh, I forgot I'm the maker of "good" and "bad" advice So it's All my fault, not Ramthas.) <br /> <br /> What a mess.
