A definite no. A clear NO. This movie is an absolute guy. <br /> <br /> After a friend recommended a lot about "this kind of thing", I saw this movie with some expectation of being informed, changed, moved, changed. uplifted and all other positive mystic things that could happen to me when I suddenly see the truth. Now, this may sound like someone who is already inclined to puke everything that deals with the metaphysical, metaphysical-physical limits of existence. Believe me, I am not such a person. I try to be open at every presentation and decide accordingly. In terms of content, the only thing I found to be slightly interesting and informative was the topic of peptides, emotions, addictions, and cellular receptors. That was the only "unifying" element that I could find in the documentary part of this film. The rest of the documentary covered a number of topics and never seemed to unify and merge, tie up, and come to a conclusion. And what was it about Native Americans being unable to see the ships Columbus had come to? Who told the "authorities" in this film that this happened in 1492? Where are you there? If this were compared to the scientific work done in visual perception (visit the famous gorilla video, for example the University of Illinois Visual Cognition Lab), a more convincing point could have been made. Here, however, it seemed like an unsupported mystical hocus-pocus. <br /> <br /> As a movie: This was not a movie, but two. I found the documentary slightly interesting just to hear people talk about what they were talking about (I was annoyed that their credentials were not displayed at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least initially!) "History" Part of the movie with Matlin in it annoying, incoherent, intrusive, unrelated and downright stupid. The play about the Polish wedding with this dance was not funny at all. It was ridiculous, ridiculous, sophomoric and stupid. And I found the use of the word "pollack" offensive. It just seemed so out of place and wrong. Is this use okay because a member of the group uses a derogatory term to refer to the group because he or she is a member of the group? That may be all right to say something, but it did not seem to have been used here. And anyway, I do not care what the reason is, it insulted me, a Pole. I never call myself or call my ethnic background "pollack". And I certainly do not like it when others do. Can I see or hear a bigoted conversation using this term? You can bet on it! But this did not seem to be the case here either. It just seemed so out of place. Unprovoked, unadulterated. <br /> <br /> The acting was miserable. The performance of Elaine Hendrix was absolutely incredible. At times it seemed she was just reading the lines she had just been given. For the most part, Marlee Matlin seemed to be asleep as he walked through this whole thing. Maybe she was confused by the material. I know I was. If she was to be a disillusioned, dissatisfied dissatisfaction, she just did not seem to click. But by far the worst in the world was Hendrix! All in all, I found this a disjointed, malfunctioning piece of gossip.
