It seems that the creators of this film have had difficulty deciding what their message really was. As a result, they had even more difficulty delivering it. They began by misrepresenting the principles of quantum physics that refer to subatomic particles. After creating a fuzzy picture of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, they represented a flood of talking heads that set up a ridiculous logic in which every living human being is called an entity that follows the same quantum rules at the cosmic level. Then there was a lot of talk about ideas on which Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins had a career: positive thinking, interrupting bad patterns, always looking to the bright side, etc. Next, a little was asked about how our brain can change our body's production Proteins: hormones that we more or less choose to produce. When you are sad, create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will make happy proteins. It's that easy, right? In conjunction with our lessons, we follow the fictive life of Amanda, a photographer who raises antidepressants and hates her thighs. The filmmakers were slowly but surely trying to get us all to say, "Hey, Amanda, just cheer up!" Why can not she cheer up? Of course, it's because the world is a BAD place where crime, poverty and religion exist. The conclusion of the film (which is essentially the entire second half) has led to a contradiction. We are all part of a whole energy in which we are not beings, but a collective consciousness, but we are individuals who can change the world, but there are many of us because of the different dimensions, but we can choose who we are it, and we have a purpose to do good, but there is no god, because there is nothing better than us, so there is neither right nor wrong, so there is no reward or punishment, so nothing good Religion, but we should still do good, even though there is no bad and good, because no one can decide what that is except the fact that each one of us can make life good, when we all meditate and then it will Stop crime, and if we say nice things, our water will freeze to beautiful shapes. Still with me? Good, because there is more. According to Robert L. Park in his book "Voodoo Science," the entire meditation experiment conducted by John Hagelin in Washington, DC was a farce, the number of those affected, and the murder rate was higher this year than any year before or since , And what about your positive attitude that keeps you young and healthy? This was a message from an elderly man who looked his age and a woman who was overweight. <br /> <br /> Does it all work or not? I was fortunate enough to see the movie in a theater where Betsy Chasse, one of the film's three directors (yes, three), asked questions after the show. I call myself happy because I confirmed first-hand that these people do not know what they are talking about. Some of the questions asked by the audience had so astounded her that her husband, a chiropractor, had to intervene and recite the answer. I finally had to leave as the discussion inevitably became political, and everyone, including Mrs. Chasse, began to speculate how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush could see this movie.
