This movie was an attempt to get into most of the places most people do not go to. It was a similar attempt from the bizarre perspective of the head case that was given to us in The Cell, even though it was not presented in such a detailed and good way. The plot is simple, with an initial feeling of pudding. Then, as the movie takes its supposed "dramatic" turn, the action falls apart on the few legs on which it had to stand. <br /> <br /> Basically, the idea is that of a child (Chris McKenna) who needs money. He takes the role of a hit and kills an accountant in the city. Then he is not paid for his work, but is tortured for several days because he had the "brilliant" idea of ​​trying to use a backup file he used as a lever to pay. This idiotic step in trying to force her to pay him because he is being terribly and endlessly abused. He starts to go crazy (some very disturbing scenes). Then he thinks he has paid for his sins and can start over, visit the wife (Kari Wuhrer) of the man he killed and win her affection. Soon after she finds out who he is, the tragedy hits, and revenge floats in the air as the boy pursues his torturers (Daniel Baldwin, George Wendt, Vernon Wells) for their former "friendliness." But I have to ask what is it with Kari Wuhrer and horror / gore movies? <br /> <br /> It seems that everything she has released lately has been in this genre. Granted, I liked her in "Eight-legged Freaks" and she was okay in "Anaconda". But despite all her obvious cuteness and fascination (wow, she's hot!), She can behave much better and choose better roles. Or maybe I'm wrong and that's just a mistake. For all you see out there, you can see her "fully monty" in this movie, though it's quite bizarre and short-lived. I almost felt as if she had made a soft porn after the movie (something that is not unfamiliar to Kari's career). The sex simulation is such that you have to ask yourself what's really going on during the shoot. Anyway, I will say that there is a good show. Do not expect much from Daniel Balwin, whose career is forever destined to replace his brother Alex. However, the film brought out some old greats, George Wendt (Norm of Cheers) and Vernon Wells (Commando, Weird Science). Especially Chris McKenna plays the main character Sean Crawley. His little acting experience and yet his credible nature as a naïve teenager bring some elements of the film. <br /> <br /> I would not opt ​​for this case. If you're bored and tired of the same old episodes of "The Hitchhiker," I'd advise you to check this out. <br /> <br /> And Kari, please start to get into some better movies!
