This was a crappy movie, with lots of nonsense and too many loose ends to count. I only saw this movie because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made a cameo, and I kept watching it because as a girl I love every movie that includes male nudity for a change. Later, I wondered how ridiculous the story could become, and every time she became ... more ... ridiculous. Sean Crawley (handsome Chris L. McKenna, whom) I have never seen before - but his small nude scene LOVED - makes a living as a painter when he meets the electrician Duke Wayne ("George Cheers"). Sean believes that he gets more work from Duke, and agrees to meet the contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, who plays a stereotypically evil guy). Ray is being investigated by a City Hall accountant (Ron Livingston in a cameo I'm in love with from "Office Space" to "Sex & the City"). In the end, Ray offers the obviously desperate Sean $ 13k to kill the accountant and Sean accepts the job. Sean cuts out the accountant, whose wife (Kari Wuhrer) feels attracted to him, completes the hit and goes - he takes the information file against Ray. Sean quickly learns that he has been used, that Ray never wanted to pay him, and Sean uses the file as a lever to get his money. <br /> <br /> Up to this point, it's a relegation movie ... generally worth watching. But when Ray, Duke, and their crew kidnap Sean to get the information out of the file, it just became stupid and stupid (and still DUMBER ...), until it finally seemed like the author of the film, Charlie Higson, having snatched himself out of a 10-day writing cat, realized that he was desperate to find out how he could summarize the series of implausible confusions he had created before a deadline or something like that. Let's just assume that the film is not just described in detail, but in every single scene you see after the kidnapping, like "What the F ** K!" Gasp, confused by the persistence of nonsense as Sean follows a fairly graphic and crude path to salvation. In the end, there are so many loose ends in the movie that you start to regret that you even looked at it. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that you should only see if it hits cable and you should have enough beer and friends to mock the movie to its full value. It's supposed to be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to get involved with the movie if you have Cheers' standard, and a Baldwin brother doing the dirty work, and a kidnapping strategy, it really does not make any damned sense. Guys will love the violence, the blood and offal, the absolutely unnecessary sex scenes and tits shots. Girls will enjoy Sean's pretty footstep shot in a mainstream movie when it's almost always the girls pulled out in a movie. Personally, I hate that the only actor worth seeing more than just his looks (Ron Livingston) can only be seen in the first third of the movie.
