Oh, how do we have a dropout here? a movie that is so bad that your mind is astonished and shifts to other things, wasting your time with brain-stopping low production levels of the brain; Character stereotypes of the worst and racist kind since D.W. Griffith described the Chinese character in Broken Blossoms as "the yellow man"; Characters so unimaginative and uninteresting that it's hard to watch them, and a narrative that moves at such a slow, stupid and pointless pace that you question the very people who make this movie particularly good feel. <br /> <br /> Prizzi's Honor is a film that is an absolute post-modern catastrophe in every possible way. The film is a chaotic and pointless catastrophe directed by John Huston. Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson stared and everyone else filled in the blanks, either as stupid stereotypes or as supportive characters crying on the phone from time to time, or as lead actor. Prizzi's Honor is a movie that falls into a genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and general crime. This partnership with the director and the cast should be enough to make it through a kind of story. a kind of sequence of good scenes; some kind of intelligence in the form of a script or something other than no? What we get is a nasty and ugly movie that is not about anything. <br /> <br /> I'll give a few examples of how bad this horror show of a movie actually is. First, the movie thinks it's a love story, and he thinks that for about an hour of his time: about my time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is an assassin who kills people for a family he works for in New York, yet resembles more of his character from One Tide over the Cuckoo's Nest as an international batsman. He meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner), who is another assassin, and they did it, but when the poor apology for a conspiracy unfolds, everything seems to be wrong. I read that the storyline for this film is, "A professional hit man and a woman fall in love, only to find out that they were both hired to kill the other." Yes, that is true, but the actual revelation will not take place until about twenty minutes. Nicholson plays Partanna like someone with an IQ of 60: he walks around; seemingly observe and talk aloud about things he sees; he talks like he's either drunk or has a more serious problem inside and worse, we never have the feeling he's an assassin? A badly shot assassination attempt (that actually happens off screen) is not enough to say that this guy is a tough, best of the best, international hit man. <br /> <br /> So with a main character who is not sympathetic and unrealistic, switch to the script. The first one and a half hours are just a cinematic dead zone, in which one can only look back on bad conventions: Partanna sits on the phone or in person and asks the same things over and over again: "Do I marry her?; I love her? What is love? What am I doing? and it gets so repetitive that it is not even able to act as a good sense of humor. This connection with the way he always seemed to be on the phone seemed to be somebody: a girl named Maerose Prizzi (Huston), played by daughter of director John; what made the story meaningless at all and seemed to be laughing, as well as the scene in which she tells her father how she slept with Partanna and loved her? that made me think, should that be funny? Should I laugh? The film felt like a fancy mafia image introduced to the film with its opening scene of a wedding (alá de Pate) and follow-up scenes with a touch of noir like gangsters, cops and murderers. What we get is something very, very different. <br /> <br /> The second lesson is about a kidnapping plan; Right, the love and romance is treated ?? Maybe the movie starts. I've been so wrong: with more and more characters talking very slowly and intentionally monotone, we have a kidnapping scene where a guy comes out of his office: this scene summarizes the movie. Everything is planned briefly and then executed hard and stupid, so it looks just cheesy. We do not see how they get to dramatic music. Maybe they need to overcome safety to get to the lifts. Maybe they have to watch out for civilians when they hide in their chosen places and when that random woman steps out of the elevator and the shot happens? The scene is not even properly edited. Suspense, drama: "Shoot me or not?"; maybe a little slow motion because the character has to draw fast before it's too late? far from how it was actually done. Prizzi's Honor continues its monotonous and uninteresting interest in cinematic oblivion as it nears its peak. It is a movie in which cameras are reflected in windows. Lights reflect on the sides of cars and "dead" chauffeurs blink when pushed. Prizzi's Honor is a jumbled and messy film that will try to attract the patients of every movie viewer and does not say it was a comedy because I did not laugh at it? AT is another thing. The film is repetitive, tedious and colorless in its vision and scope for originality - there is no honor here.
