After the MIDNIGHT OFFERS I'm still convinced that the first decent movie about (teen) witches has yet to be made. I did not think much of THE CRAFT and I'm not thrilled with CHARMED either. The only movie I have enjoyed more or less (about teenage witches) was LITTLE WITCHES (1996), and even this movie was not very good. However, if you like all the movies mentioned above, you will also be able to enjoy MIDNIGHT OFFERS. <br /> <br /> I counted teenage witches in high school with a stupid and cheesy movie from the early '80s. But I was pretty surprised that the whole movie is pretty serious. Acting is decent and serious all the time. No jokes are played by teenagers or anything like that. And I found the music score pretty good at first. It added something sinister and also something "classic", using menacing violins and all. Later in the film, however, I came to the conclusion that the result was too ambitious. You did not have to add these menacing violins if you just saw someone who got a car up and then drove off at normal speed. <br /> <br /> Then there is Melissa Sue Anderson, who for me was the main reason for this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw her in HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME, a pretty funny, thick (and sometimes stupid) Slasher movie that she shot as MIDNIGHT OFFER that year. And I have to say, she was very good as the ice cold evil witch Vivian. But the main problem with the movie is: It happens almost nothing! Vivian causes a death and an accident, yes, but that's it. Then there is Robin, the good witch who is learning something about her powers. And we expect them to use their powers more than once, but on a single occasion, they use their powers to blow some pieces of wood and material other than bullets through the air. That should be a fight between two powerful witches? And even worse, I was hoping to see a spectacular showdown between the witches at the end of the movie, with at least some special effects, blazing eyes or whatever ... but nothing happens. There is some kind of confrontation in the end, but it is a big disappointment. <br /> <br /> The spectacle of the two witches was good. The score was decent (if too ambitious). And sometimes the cinematography was rather dark and moody. But that does not make a good movie, right?
