Films about self-loathing characters usually do not make for good drama. "Download Nancy" is no exception. It's supposed to be based on a true story about a woman who was murdered by someone she meets on the internet at her own request. The protagonist is Nancy (Maria Bello), who is married to Albert (Rufus Sewell). Albert is a successful software developer who has developed a golf game that has successfully commercialized his business in various bars and bars / restaurants. Unlike most people, Albert has virtually no positive qualities (other than his ability to succeed in the business world). Throughout the film, Albert has a bleak expression on his face. He has no sympathy for his wife with all her emotional problems and reaches out to prostitute patrons. When his wife asks for sex, he punishes her by masturbating in her presence instead. Nancy is as much a note as a character. Not only did she have a loveless 15-year marriage, but she was also sexually abused by her uncle when she grew up (fortunately, there are no flashbacks to this background story in the movie). Their self-hatred takes the form of self-mutilation, and the result is that it is forced into therapy. However, she has such a contempt for her therapist that no progress can be made. After all, Nancy is so depressed that she contacts Louis via the Internet. He is something of a sadomasochistic gigolo who has sex with women for money, causing massive pain. Louis has two children, but does not see them anymore (the children's mother does not want to have anything to do with him anymore). Nancy's plan is to have painful sex with Louis first, then have him killed. There is a particularly unpleasant scene in which Louis has sex with Nancy while he cuts her vagina area with a broken piece of glass. These scenes are shown as flashbacks after Louis has visited Albert, who is captivating him and beating him with a golf club. It seems that Louis has a twofold plan to visit Albert: 1) to curse him for his treatment of Nancy and 2) to enjoy the thrashing he receives. It takes a while for Louis to reveal Nancy's fate. He forces Albert to do him the favor of bringing his dog to a relative for someone to take care of him in the future. Nancy's fate, of course, is that Louis eventually suffocated her to death (but was reluctant at first when he made it clear that he had some 'feelings' for her). Soon we learn that Louis is being imprisoned for life for Nancy's murder. What exactly should we do with a movie like downloading Nancy? Should we regret victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence? Is that the main point of the movie? Is sympathy really necessary for Nancy? I do not think The authors of the film create a straw man in the character of Albert - someone who is so cut off from his feelings that he is the one who is blamed for Nancy's demise. But are people so one-dimensional in real life? I do not think so. They cursed the repellent Louis, a man who spends his living in pain, and Albert for neglecting Nancy. In addition, his love message to Nancy (before he kills her) to show his "sensitive side". <br /> <br /> In the end, it does not matter if the filmmakers have defined where their sympathies lie the different characters in the movie. They are so determined to tickle their listeners with scenes of casual violence, making downloading Nancy nothing more than an exercise in bad taste and gentle pornography.
