There is nothing particularly original about this story of corrupt unions on the one hand and the "chief attorney" on the other. The stark but unimaginative lighting and photography comes from the whipped noir cycle. The story could easily have come from a drawer of Warner Brothers, with George Raft in the lead. The performances are routine, the direction flat and even the set dressing function. (An alley is represented by a single simulated brick gypsum wall with a poster on it, and the poster shows "Post No Bills.") We are introduced to the story and some of the characters by a meaningful narrator who informs us Most unions work hard and honestly to promote their members' causes, some of them are corrupt. But we do not really learn much about the unions or how they work, even though they were fair after the success of "On the Waterfront" a few years ago. Here they are just a hook to hang. The real ring leader is an excluded lawyer who performs three or four clubs. The district attorney (or whatever he is) finds out, like Dana Andrews in "Boomerang," that the fake (Dick Foran) is charged with murder and he spends the rest of the movie almost alone to find evidence of Foran's innocence. He gets into fist fights and shoots like a cheap private movie detective. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is the D.A. He has shown signs of talent elsewhere, but here he spends most of his time talking softly and staring at the floor. Elisha Cook Jr. is a sympathetic rummy but can not be a good drunk. Beverley Garland is fine, but undermined by the direction she stares at in a nightclub when she should be treacherous. The rest of the cast would be suitable for a television series. <br /> <br /> And nobody is helped by the letter. If a "B-Girl" is to be shipped by the union mob to the Filippines, someone advises her that she only needs to learn a few Spanish words. "I only know one word," she says, "Si, yes." The authors did not trust the audience that "si" means "yes" in Spanish. The plot is awkward and has holes. Keith visits a witness in her apartment in a nightclub. He enters the door and has a gun in the back, but he outwits the heavy and hits him down. Then somebody orders the police to call. The rest of the scene, played a bit more in the nightclub below, forgets all the police and they never show up and are not expected by anyone. <br /> <br /> It's nothing to be ashamed of. and some people like it, but there are similar things that are better done elsewhere.
