A group of hunters track down a werewolf, kill it, behead it, and sell your head to the immoral Dr. Atwill (played by director / author Tim Sullivan), who runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplants. Research chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when acid flew into his face during a laboratory explosion, is the unfortunate recipient of the werewolf's eyeballs. It takes a while to get to the first full moon. First, we get a tender love story between Rich and his compassionate, big-breasted nurse Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she takes off her clothes and Rich rides in bed before he can remove the bandages! After a month at the hospital, Rich returns to his icy wife Rita (Deborah Huber), who promptly tells him, "You look pretty ugly," before leaving home in her Kia. Our hero soon discovers that Rita is not only a bitch, but also a disgusting prostitute who has had an affair with his alleged friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon opens and Rich finds himself in a hairy predicament as he transforms into a (very stupid-looking) werewolf creature. Predictable carnage follows. <br /> <br /> After rousing Craig by the neck, Rich wakes up the next morning with battered clothes and vague memories of the evening's events. He becomes friends with dwarf psychologist / occult expert Andros (Kurt Levi) and is attacked by local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) as well as lesbian police detective Justine Evers (Tarri Markel). As Rich Dr. When confronted with Atwill, the doctor sends his sadistic bald head Kass (Eric Mestressat), who gets a kick by destroying corpses with a machete in the clinic. With the help of Sondra Rich can escape. Sondra takes him back to her place and basically rapes him on the couch during an overly long sex scene that lasts about five minutes. Will Rich be able to control his lycanthropy or find a cure for it before claiming more victims? <br /> <br /> Shot cheap with a camcorder, this homemade werewolf film has a somewhat unique premise with the eye graft angle, but otherwise defies cliché by cliché. The sets are sub-pornic - the scenes of the clinic seem to have been filmed in a house or apartment. The scenes of the Wolf conversion do not even look as good as the time-lapse photography of the 1940s. Instead, they use irregular edits. Throw the actor a few hairs. Cut. Throw up more. Cut. More fur ... and fill his mouth with a white buddy he can spit out. Cut. Do not worry about continuity! There is no fading, no resolution, nothing. It's pretty sloppy. The completely transformed werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and filmed the movie) is pretty awful. It has red, glowing Christmas-tree eyes, a coat that looks like a carpet, and an almost immovable plastic face. You can see the cameraman's fingers several times in front of the camera lens, and is the moon really full five nights in a row? As for the cast, they are amateurish but bearable. As for B-horror-flicks, there are worse things out there. It's pretty well played, it's only 70 minutes long and delivers a lot of red stuff during the attacking scenes as well as the aforementioned T & A messages from Mrs. Beaton. <br /> <br /> The production was created by David S Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), one of the first to witness the wave of digital video when it first started, the low-budget / independent horror genre scene mid-to-late 90s dominate. Many of his notoriously horrific productions were released by Brain Damage Films, a label that, like the plague, should be largely avoided. The Fx guy Jeff Leroy (who is co-director of IMDb here, but not in the actual credits of the movie) and Vinnie Bilancio (who appears in a small role as one of the hunters) made things much more fun and polished Exploitation movie WEREWOLF IN A WOMEN'S PRISON from the year 2006, in which a similar looking creature was to be seen (red shining eyes and all).
