This adaptation, like The Heiress (1949), is based on the Henry James novel. * The Heiress * with Olivia de Havilland is still a respected piece, although James James original story is less apt than this new remake that retains James' original title. It is the story of a clumsy but affectionate daughter (Leigh) who is dedicated to her father (Finney) after her mother died during childbirth. The arrogant father does not appreciate his daughter in any way and considers her as simple as all women. When a young man (Chaplin) is courted with good family and little fortune, the father is inherently suspicious. However, since he is so sure that his daughter would be of no interest to any man, he is convinced that the young man is a lucky hunter and forbids him to see him. Leigh is a controversial actress? most love or hate you? and she always has a particular nervousness and tension in her style, as though she were working through clenched teeth. She is not bad at this thing and she is relatively adept with her role? It is just an embarrassing role for any actress who wants to get the audience to grab the figure by the shoulders and shake her until she comes to her senses. While the character gains a lot of sympathy, she is not very sympathetic. The very pretty and immensely appealing Ben Chaplin (previously in The Truth About Cats and Dogs) played his part with the exact amount of mystery needed to get the audience guessing whether to look for their fortune or really in she is in love. Maggie Smith is one of the best living actresses and significantly raises the level of the movie with her portrayal of well-meaning aunt. Finney, of course, is wonderful as the father who threatens to disinherit his daughter because of her disobedience, but the daughter is ready to risk it for the man she loves. But do you passionate admirers still want her without her fortune? This is just a case where * Washington Square * is different from * The Heiress *. Another example is the ability to stick to it. It's a beautiful movie that's as boring as a dripping faucet that lacks history in a too-long movie.
