Edwin Porters 1903 short film titled "The Great Train Robbery" appears with so much excitement and ingenuity on the screen that you are prepared to be blown away by another pioneering film of the early film. Just like Melie's "A Trip to the Moon," critics have referred to this as the film that introduced the Western genre to modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. It had everything from the planning, the actual raid of the train, the murder of an unwanted civilian and the looming final scene, which makes you realize that these villains mean business. It was all monumental for his time. From here to Eastwood, every Western filmmaker has used Porter's image in some form to create his own story. You can not say that this movie did not open the door, but the fight comes from the story itself. The genre was defined by Porter but outside of his initial excitement? There is really nothing to stick to. I may be dulled by the cliché of modern Westerns and their random messages, but how can there be a cliché before it's cliché? For me, "The Great Train Robbery" seemed enforced, unfindable and unsurprising. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very linear story. Robbers change the course of a turn, robbing it, and shooting random people just to prove they're the real bad guys, and the final scene ends like any predefined movie, with no surprises or disturbances, and that threatening man with a gun on you proverbial face. It's bland Porter's movie is boring. In the issue I looked at, there was an addition of color at the end to emphasize the emotions that felt cheap and were not encouraging to either the filmmaker or the viewer. The problem remains that although it's important, Porter's film was borrowed over and over again, but was actually watered down. The story itself does not carry the emotional power it once had. Unlike Melie's early film, I can not look at it again. I know what happened, I know that behind the scenes is very little missing, and that it is finally how it turned out? A simple story that goes from point A through point B to point C. This issue is not only my problem with this movie, but also the strongest element that can be seen in such an early movie. While it was boring, the fact that it told such a strong narrative? That our characters were characters with motives and impulses, was excellent to see. At a time when non-fiction movies seemed to be mainstream, it broke the mold. Again, not that I jump on the prophetic train about this movie? it is an important movie ?? It's just not a great movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, I really wanted to jump into this movie to see where the roots of the Western genre are, but I was just as happy to leave that movie behind. Porter is a talented director and G.M. Anderson was obviously very successful in the successful field, but I was not particularly impressed with the film. I did not expect big budget effects like Melie's work, not even a duplicate of "A Journey to the Moon," but I wanted to see the same creativity, exploration, and originality. I felt like Porter was playing it safe when that can be said with such an early movie, but I could not feel the excitement as our bad guys did their evil deeds. I did not root myself for someone, and the final conclusion has shown that the kitschiness wore off just minutes after the movie started. It was groundbreaking, but not monumental. "The Great Train Robbery" has lost its place in the time capsule of the cinema. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** out of *****
