Cartoon Network seems desperate for reviews. Starting with the cancellation of Samurai Jack, the network seemed to be stopping the hell out of all the shows that made it so popular, like the Powerpuff Girls, Dexter's Lab, Dragonball Z, and so on. As the ratings began to tumble, CN began to appear pretty pretty mediocre shows. Although Total Drama Island / Action and Chowder are distinguished by clever writing and by the audience appealing gimmicks, there are many other shows that are either terrible remakes (George of the Jungle) or rip off of other shows, like The Marvelous Misadventures of, Flapjack, where the title character behaves just like Spongebob, and then there's Johnny Test, who's pretty much a replacement for Dexter's Laboratory, though it's much more of a rip-off than anything else. <br /> <br /> The characters in the series are clearly derived from Dexter's Lab, but this time around, the focus is on Johnny, a blond (or fiery) character who torments his twin sisters, Susan and Mary, while they're at it Like Dexter looking out of the orange hair, the glasses, the impossible technology. There is even a rival genius named Bling Bling Boy or Eugene, who seems to be sitting for Mandark. Then there's Dookie, Johnny's best friend and talking dog, one of Dexter's ... I mean, Susan and Mary's early experiments. Dexter's Laboratory was probably one of the best cartoons on television, with its simple yet effective art style, lovable protagonist and episodes that did not seem to last long. Johnny Test is a lot different. The art style here is not nearly as appealing. In fact, it looks absolutely terrible. The characters have motives that make them really annoying or repugnant. Like most episodes of the series, Johnny and Dookie search for devastation in the neighborhood woman Sissy, who secretly likes Johnny, or who is disadvantaged by a neighbor's twins. If you faint these two geniuses at the sight of the abdominal muscles and the fact that Johnny is someone you NEVER want to connect to, there is no real connection between the viewer and the characters. <br /> <br /> A matter of the series In his name, much is exploited that Johnny Susan and Mary's guinea pigs are for their experiments. These range from making Johnny fat, ugly, outrageous and even a woman. The twins then help Johnny in every plan he plans in return for his services. Whenever there is an episode of such a "win / win" deal, it tends to be undone, and those who are not completely out of joint never finish satisfactorily. <br /> <br /> The writing is mediocre too awful, however. The "fat" episode is constantly repeating "It's Phat with a PH. There's a difference, you know." This is a line that should never be repeated, especially if the episode seems to promote childhood obesity, with Johnny making money and video games a famous star just by getting fat. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about how the show works Dexter's Lab does not completely tear down. The show casts many characters, from two black men named Mr. Black and Mr. White, a military general who seems to be solving all of his problems solved by Johnny and his sisters, and LOTS of super villains, though only steals here the show again ideas for other sources, like a Mr. Freeze teenage clone, a bad cat with a butler who wants cats to rule over humans (like the evil-talking cat of Powerpuff Girls), a hobbling crazy mastermind, a trio of evil skaters 'dudes' and even a mole man, who is probably the clichéd villain in the media. <br /> <br /> To top it off, besides the ugly animation and the unlikely characters, the voice is also passable (like the voices for Mr. Black and Mr. White) to easy splintering of the ears (Johnny, Dookie and Almost every villain in the show). The title song seems to be the only catchy thing on this show, but then only a few episodes were repeated with a band that just ruined it. <br /> <br /> So Johnny Test is not good at caricature in the end. The terrible allusions and jokes about the teenage culture will diminish the interest of the little kids in the show, while the bright colors, demolished characters and sluggish episodes will ruin the experience for teenagers. It's just another of those crappy shows that Cartoon Network promotes too much to make people look at it (like MTV towards rap). If you need a show that will satisfy your kids for half an hour, you should stick to Spongebob, because Johnny Test is more of a "test" of patience than anything else.
