There is no reason to take this documentary seriously, and there are four reasons for this: <br /> <br /> 1) The people who made this documentary (including the director and the producer) are Serbs or Serbian origin Therefore, the criteria of neutrality fail. You mentioned, for example, that the Diaspora Croats (the so-called "Ustase") played a big role in the overthrow of Yugoslavia, but they did not mention that there are also Serbian organizations (Cetniks)! For you, who are not so familiar with the history of the 2nd Balkans: The Serbian so-called "Cetniks", who were portrayed in the documentary as being so kind as to help the British paratroopers during the war. This is only the half truth. They were also a fascist (Monarch) group that worked with the Germans, but then changed sides when Hitler lost the war. It is also ironic that they do not mention the Cetnik leader Mihajlovic in the documentary, a man responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages across Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned a certain Ante Pavelic ... Hm ... just allow me to be a bit suspicious. <br /> <br /> 2) Most respondents are completely unknown to me. And I've been studying this war for a long time (the old British lady, she really has not done any homework!) And they are not even portrayed by name, so maybe they could be more or less someone they took off the street. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) The documentary talks about Kosovo and how the Serbs have lived there for ages, and therefore it should belong to Serbia (although they are a minority). Well, when they mention the Serbian-dominated part of Croatia (Krajina), the Serbs are suddenly portrayed as they have the right to live there because it has been their home for so long. Good, but people do not know that the largest city in Krajina (Knin) is of great historical importance to the Croatian people. There, one of the most famous kings of Croatian history (Zvonimir) was crowned. Therefore, the city has a historical value for Croatia. The Serbs arrived almost 800 years later! No, according to the documentary, Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo. Is that fair? For me it looks like the double standard of the director. In addition, the documentation states that the Croatian constitution had no laws on minority rights. This is a lie because it was one of the first laws to be implemented because Croatia had a large Serbian minority. <Br /> <br /> 4) The film mentions a radical Croatian paramilitary leader named Glavas. Or the Muslim radical Oric. They accused them of being a big reason for the negative development of the war. Yes, they were radicals, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not mention the Serbian radical paramilitary leaders like Seselj and Arkan? The shortcomings are so big that I've just introduced a few, just so people get an overview of the documentation. It seems that the people who made this documentary were not well prepared and did not have the guts to criticize the Serbs because they feared their Serbian relatives would beat them or something. There are not many documentaries that are of good quality, but the best so far is "The Death of Yugoslavia", in which all important participants of the war are interviewed (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic) etc.) and where you will receive a full five-hour statement on the case of Yugoslavia and the war. <br /> <br /> Another thing. I saw a commentary on this documentary, in which the person was frustrated at why the US supported a country (Bosnia) that had ties to Bin Laden during the war. First of all, all countries involved in this conflict had nationalist presidents. Since Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (formerly called "Muslim Croats"), apart from nationality, they had to rely on something else, the spirit among the people, and that was what unites them with the only thing they had in common : their religion. And they took help from the mujahedin, because no one else would support them. They had to fight against the 4th largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way to unite a people in the war. History has shown us that.
