This is by far the worst Presley vehicle that comes close to the worst movie ever made. It's measurably worse than even the startling "Happy Ending" song at the end of "It Happened At The World's Fair", and here I thought of that moment when Elvis buys all the seller's balloons for his girl and then gets the balloon vendor Jiggy The brass band was the epitome of bad cinema and could not be surpassed. Usually I enjoy the random Elvis strip, though for other reasons when we were innocent enough to spin us. However, this should read as "A little life, I wish you were a little dead" and make "Stay Away Joe" look as if Olivier plays Othello. <br /> <br /> This is Elvis Greg, who is essentially a freelance hippie photographer except the establishment haircut. After a merry morning of ruthless driving, he lands on the beach, where a woman kidnaps him, whose name changes depending on the scene and speaks to her. Obviously, Michele Carey was chosen for her resemblance to Elizabeth Taylor (and if she had seen it without glasses, I would have thought it would be the end of the 60s when Liz played the female lead). She whips her dog at Elvis until he runs into the water and gets a cheap pneumonia. Then she lets him out of her consciousness in her beach pad, so long that he loses his job and his apartment before he wakes up his belongings in her house, without telling him (the audience does not know until Elvis tries to go back to work, and his boss has beaten him for no reason, unless he deserves to make this movie, and tries to go home and find a hateful woman in a panties in his house lives). Instead of arresting her for kidnapping, theft and robbery, he goes out and gets two jobs to repay the rent that Miss Crazy Pants had to jump on when stealing all his belongings. Job One works for Don Porter in a Playboy magazine, Job Two is upstairs for Rudy Vallee in a snobby magazine. I think the two-job shuffling should be comedy, too bad it's not weird, unless you laugh the 100th time you've seen someone move on to silly music and fast-paced ran off. The predominant obstacle that keeps Greg from becoming interested in his kidnapper is her other love interest. The terrible bust of Dick Sargent (let's face it, either Porter or Vallee, even if they're older in 1968) would have made her much more credible to Miss Crazy's affections). <br /> <br /> There are a lot of uninteresting and inglorious phrases, I've always been waiting for something, anything would happen that makes sense. That never did. Entertainment lasts about three minutes and consists of Elvis' "A Little Less Talk" (which I can listen to on CD without this painful movie that was inflicted on me) and a funny 5-second bit as Elvis flutters on the couch and Crazy Pants has apparently split it up, so it flies to pieces when it lands on it. That's it, people, broken furniture, the only laugh in this entire movie. No clothes, music or deco of the '60s can save this state-of-the-art stinker and should be avoided at all costs. If you look at this, an unnatural desire of the audience for self-injury of grievous bodily harm may arise.
