When I was seventeen, I really believed that Elvis was the king of rock and roll, and not only did I want to see all 31 of his "character" films, but it was also my desire to own them. What an exceptionally bad excuse for a seventeen-year-old must have been. Luckily, it took off and Live A Little, Love A Little, is the only Elvis movie I own. <br /> <br /> This spotlight was recently added since a remixed version of the top song A Little Less Conversation was released a single. (His first place in the top ten in the UK for 22 years - his first UK No. 1 in 25). Even when I was seventeen and needed urgent psychiatric help, I realized that the songs for this movie were not necessarily top notch. A Little Less Conversation - Rollnecks and the stinging of the 60s - but is a real eye-catcher. Finding a lesser-known song from which relatively few are promoted to mainstream creates a mix of emotions. It's nice to finally see the belief in a song confirmed, but it's also sad when your own private cult is dissolved. (And whatever chauvinistic lyrics, what other Elvis song contains the word "procrastination"?). <br /> <br /> But what really bothers me about this movie is not "A Little Less Conversation", but the 84 minutes that surround it. Actually, based on a novel (Kiss My Firm But Pliant Lips - what a lame novel would that be?), You see a bored Elvis, who has entrenched himself with a "comedy" dog and a nympho. Within 90 seconds of meeting him, Michele asks Carey, "Would you like to make love to me?" I'm sure you agree. <br /> <br /> I think some of the early Elvis movies - especially Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not that bad. but this is just identified hillbilly cobbler. If you are fired from a newspaper job, you may experience a five-minute karate fight with a few cashier nuts, which will make a highway jam good for a laugh and disguise models as pink mermaids. There is even a dream sequence for heaven's sake. The only stupid stereotype that does not correspond to it is perhaps that there are not that many songs. With only four to choose from, including the credits number, you'll wait an average of 22 minutes between tracks. Some movies would be weakened by too many tunes, but here they might have helped to numb the pain. Of the remaining three tracks, The Edge of Reality is not that bad after all, although Elvis' dance certainly had to be called "The Bear Trap". <br /> <br /> In a sense, for a PG-certified movie from 1968, that's scarily high on sexual content. Unfortunately, Elvis' dignity about talking dogs, the values ​​of the Central American sitcom, and the stiffest dances you'll ever see, are erased by this movie.
