The day has finally come to see Azumi's fate being perpetrated as an assassin, the realization of her character, and the ultimate attempt to delve deeper into the world, which she so mercilessly ransacked during the first saga. <br /> <br /> This is so poetic when I talk about Azumi 2: death or love. As I leaned over House of Flying Daggers' heavy sentimentality and complained about the credibility of Aya Ueto, who was a bloodshot murderer after seeing Azumi, I began to appreciate the aforementioned shortcomings more than ever. <br /> <br /> Not only does each assassin's resolve feel lethargic and uninspiring, but it also omits many important elements from the entire experience. In Azumi 1, we saw the assassins use various stealth tactics (which is their number one priority) and logic to make their markings easier with quick executions and faster escape. But I will not hold this against the movie too much, as the story is changed a bit this time and Azumi's other obstacles are set to prevent them from reaching the warlord and showing signs of charisma. By the way, Chiaki is silly for the most part of the movie and basically plays a lethargic version of Go Go, minus the cool weapon and sense of threat. <br /> <br /> This brings me to the finale blow, which is the action, simply disguised in the title as the "death" side of the epic. In the first half of the film, we see the debut of many promising opponents with eye-catching looks and even more eye-catching weapons. Not surprisingly, in one way or another they find their end, but the film fails when each of them begins to die too quickly and too easily. In Azumi 1, the young assassins overwhelmed the opposition mostly with fast but somewhat satisfying battles. The final showdown between Azumi and Bijomaru compared to the bouts in Azumi 2 was at least high point and worthwhile. Some interesting effects were introduced, but due to the brevity of each encounter, they could not innovate. I can not beat the conventional style of samurai movies with their fast and realistic battles, but the characters in both Azumi movies were so fanciful and straight out of the anime that the rules could have been broken and the action would have been further enriched have to. <br /> <br /> The romantic side of Azumi is to fill in the time between fight scenes, and in the end it serves no purpose and does not provide a much needed solution. As a fan with I am open to a wide range of movies and animations. I'm not lying and I admit that I'm neutral and unobtrusive to the first Azumi movie. But I'll point it out right away and say that the original after viewing Azumi 2 was made to look like a flawless masterpiece. For what it's worth, Azumi 2: Death or Love could have gone straight to the video, with its invisibly richer budget and the failed potential to add or even expand the bumpy journey of desperate murderers who are doing their best to make peace restore unwavering courage to die.
