I thought that the movie (especially the plot) needs a lot of work. The elements of the film are still westernized and the attempt not to try to create an Eastern feeling in the film. I give three of many mistakes in the film: <br /> <br /> When Shen told Wendy that he would help her to study the history of China, I was really happy that the audience would get some of it Chinese information History; however, it turns out that Wendy's film did not exactly show how he studies Chinese history; instead, the film only shows how Wendy practices the method of remembering what she had studied, which frustrates and upsets me. <br /> <br /> Secondly, what really bothered me is how the characters always talk about moon cake - moon cake and moon cake and how good it tastes. They did not really mention the actual meaning. The only thing they talked about that was relevant to the moon cake was the Autumn Festival, which they did not want to explain or deepen. You could have mentioned the myth that correlates with the moon cake - the Moon Lady. The myth begins with the fact that once ten suns exist and each would rotate, but one day every ten suns will rise and dry out the land with the rising intense heat; Thus divine archer Hou Yi shot nine of the ten suns with only one sun left (there are several versions in which the Hou Yi shot eight out of nine suns). Because of his heroic contribution, he received the pill of immortality so that he could live on forever if the ten suns rose again, but his wife Chang-O stole them. After stealing it, she fled to the moon where she met a hare. Then she came up with an idea and told the rabbit to beat the pill in many pieces so that she could distribute the pill all over the world to give immortality to everyone. (There are a few variations of this story, but throughout my childhood I have mostly heard of this version). I thought details like these would align the storyline of cultural in Chinese. <br /> <br /> The last thing I want to point out is the last fight scene in the movie. The teachers who owned the monks fought the terracotta warriors (the life-like statues of the soldiers), and they disagreed with the idea of ​​how important Chinese history is to the Chinese. The terracotta warriors serve as a link between China's past and it was very Westernized (where evil must be killed in any case) that the monks in the movies were ready to destroy that connection. It would be understandable if Wendy had no problem destroying these priceless artifacts given that she is Chinese-American and does not have complete Chinese knowledge, and Shen wants to do is fight ... I mean, it will classified as a TVPG due to violence. This contradicts the Confucius idea of ​​cooperation and harmony. It seems more accurate that the monks try to avoid violence and try to resolve things peacefully before resorting to violence. All in all, either the producer, writer or director did not do a thorough research and instead did a messy and effortless job. I would suggest that the movie is either not broadcasted or the movie is re-shot for more detailed information. However, I would acknowledge (2 stars) that I have eliminated a cliché of Asians and Asian Americans to be smart and calm.
