I realize that life in the Western Plains of Wyoming in the 1900s was brutal. In fact, it's probably still brutal today, but was it monumental enough to turn into a seemingly "TV-made" movie? The rights of women in this nation were still developing during this time, so they wanted to find an independent woman determined to start a new life in this harsh territory and still show the realism of the era? would it make for good looking? Honestly, I do not know. I've been thinking about this movie for the last two days, and I still can not muster the strength to say it was a horrible movie, but I can honestly say it was not the biggest one I've ever had have seen. From various hodgepodge drama styles, to two disparate actors who are not emotional characters, to some of the cruelest PG-rated scenes ever seen in late 1970s cinema, Heartland is hard to fully understand. Was it good? Was it bad? You may like that and you can decide for yourself, but until then there are moments that I have enjoyed and desperately hated! <br /> <br /> This movie is still a fight because there were some very interesting scenes. Scenes where I did not know what the director was doing or which direction he was in, but somehow it still seemed to work well. I found the story altogether a very interesting, historical story. I do not know much about life in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900s, so this movie captured that image in my head. The thought of very cold winters, no miles of neighbors and this view of the Polaroid, which is not touched by the American company. It was refreshing to experience and just breathtaking (though the TV). There were scenes that really came to my mind, like the cattle branding scene, the pig slap scene, and the sad homesteader who did not survive their journey, giving this story a real sense of realism. Director Richard Pearce has given viewers a great view of Wyoming, but I'm not sure he brought decent players. <br /> <br /> While I'm constantly following the backdrop of this movie, I've had a hard time dealing with the actors who seem to be walking around the set, reading their lines of cards alongside. Rip Torn seemed out of place in his role as Clyde Stewart, a loner who somehow finds a connection with Elinore Randall of Conchata Ferrell. The two actor have no chemistry at all. Their scenes that they share are meaningless and honest without any emotion. The pregnancy scene had almost put me in jail because these two "veteran" actors portrayed her. The brave Elinore does what she has to do to get the child out of her while Clyde nods in agreement when she's done. This is love? Was it love? I do not know, I think with stronger characters we would have seen a stronger bond, but with Torn and Ferrell it felt like two actors were just playing their part. Other scenes that came to my mind were scenes of the frozen horse knocking on the door for food or shelter, the ever-diminishing and growing compassion Clyde had for Elinore's daughter (the lack of real winter battles) The land scene, above all, because I needed more explanation about what Elinore did, why she did it, and why Clyde would build a house for her if they were married! It was these simple events that, when they take their time All in all, I will use this feature in the middle of the street, there were definitely elements that should be explored more deeply, such as the relationship between the two Strangers and the ultimate goals of Elinore's homesteading, but they have been thwarted with some beautiful scenes of our nation, these panorama scenes that ri change mountains to huge skyscrapers. While there were some brilliant scenes of realism (with cattle and pigs), I just felt like we needed more. Depth was a key element missing in this film, which was overshadowed by marginal spectacle and a waning story. Pearce could have dived deeper into this untapped world, but instead left open loopholes and Western clichés. Ferrell wore her own, but Torn was completely miscast. Decent for a visit, but will not pick me up again. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** out of *****
