Joseph L. Mankiewicz's Sleuth did not need a remake. It's a thoroughly successful movie that still works well today. However, the modern remake machine is currently in full swing; I can not say that I am surprised that the movie was updated for the modern audience. The plot remains identical to the original movie, and basically we have the story of a young man, Milo Tindle, visiting an elderly man, Andrew Wyke, to talk about a divorce, since the younger man has an affair with the older woman's wife man. From there follows a game of cat and mouse. It is clear from the beginning that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to give this movie a different touch, and he does so through the central location, which has been transformed from the charming, game-surrounded country house of the original to a technical marvel with layers of safety equipment. I am glad that the director has made this change because no one wants to see a remake that directly copies the original. In addition, the location is well used and always nice to look at. Unfortunately, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end there however. <br /> <br /> The original movie was over two hours long, while this remake lasts only half a minute over eighty minutes. So that means, of course, that this version has less; and unfortunately the characters suffer from it. The plot is also rash, and we get into the first twist of the story too soon before we even get a chance to understand why and how these events can take place. The movie does not build enough characters or relationships between them to make sure their relationship makes sense. One important thing that was changed on the older character is his obsession; In the original, he was obsessed with games that turned out to be very important as soon as the twists came into play. Here he has a kind of safety fetish, which means nothing in the end. Kenneth Branagh's handling of the film allows a classical score, but the lesson ends there. The original thrived on this, but this film is happy to spot on numerous and mostly unjustified occasions with Explicit; which makes the whole thing cheaper. The last twist in the story is completely different from the original and makes the movie a truly vile one. After spending two hours with the original, I understood the two characters featured in the film, respected and liked them - after eighty minutes of that time, I hated them both. I have some respect for Branagh because I did not just release a copy of the original film; However, this is not a good adaptation of the big game by Anthony Shaffer.
