Harold Pinter rewrites the classic piece by Anthony Schaeffer, in which a man visits his lover's husband and lets everything go sideways. The original film was played by Laurence Olivier and Michael Caine. Caine has the Olivier role in this version and is paired with Jude Law. Here the film is directed by Kenneth Branaugh. <br /> <br /> The spectacle is spectacular. Both Caine and Law are gangbusters in their respective roles. I like the chemistry and the meeting of personalities. It's a wonderful enough reason to watch if the script goes awry. Harold Pinter's dialogue is sharp and sharp and often very funny, and I understand why he uses the new game (which is updated) to rewrite surveillance cameras and the like). The problem is that the script pushes the characters around, is terrible. Michale Caine rightly goes through his strangely modern house with sliding doors and panels, with no really good reason. Conversations take place repeatedly in different places. I know that Pinter did that in his pieces, but in this case it gets boring. Why do we have to let the couple go over and over again because Law is sleeping with Caines wife? It would be alright if Law had said enough that we did that, but he does not pretend it's the first time every time. The script also does not move Caine so well through his manipulation of Law. In the beginning, he is blindly angry to start, so he has no chance to turn around and scare us. Here we do it, and although there is an advantage, it also feels somehow wrong, because it is so clear that we have to ask ourselves why Laws Milo does not see that he will be set up. There are a few other examples, but to say more would betray too much. <br /> <br /> Looking back on the movie, I think it's a movie of missed opportunities and missteps. The missed chances are the chance to have better fireworks between Caine and Law. Mishaps in the fact that the choice of a garish attitude and strange shifts in the action takes away the creation of a tension and a believable thriller. Instead, we get some clever dialogues and great performances in a movie that do not make them real. <br /> <br /> Despite great performances and witty dialogues, this is only 4 out of 10, as the rest of the script just does not work
