It's been almost ten years since I saw one of Phantasm's last two sequels - certainly because of my vivid memory that they were not very good. I'm still a big fan of the first two installments, so I thought I'd go back and relive the "last chapters". Part three is definitely the worst part of the series, as he obviously takes less seriously and throws some confusing things that do not make much sense. Once again, where the previous movie left us, Mike Mike Mike rescues the long man who vows to come back for him later, but things are not long safe when they meet Jody, who inexplicably takes the form of a bullet. Apparently his soul is being held prisoner by Tall Man, so Mike is dragged into the sinister, double-decker underworld and Reg has to find him ... Along the way, he meets a ten-year-old child and a nun-chuck called Black Chick by the name of Rocky, who supports him on his journey. <br /> <br /> There is really nothing memorable about "Phantasm III" except how stupid and powerful "humorous" it wants to be. Only one positive aspect that did not even help the film was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury, who repeat their roles for the first time since the original 1978 classic. The problem is, they're pretty much in cameo appearances ... Reggie Banister, of course, is back in his lead role, but his hobbling, lovesick attitude makes his presence too annoying to like. Angus Scrimm did not seem to be quite "in" his role either. He talks too much here and is by no means as threatening and creepy as opposed to the "bizarre" to which the film seemed to seem neglectful. Most people's opinion of this film seems to be quite apathetic and tends to "it's still entertaining". Maybe I'm just too much Nit Picker, but I just could not get into it. I remember that I did not like it as a kid and after looking at it again, I can say that nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli rocked the scene with his original, frightening, nightmarish, legendary movie "Phantasm", which I still refer to as my favorite horror movie, and his respectable follower kept things moving and bleak and GORY, but "Lord of the Dead" , (silly title) just looked too hectic and hit me ... The inclusion of the two new characters Tim and Rocky (the only thing missing was Scrappy Doo !!) was a strong indication that Coscarelli had the ideas Going out for ideas See how far he could drive the franchise ... <br /> <br /> So this is a "phantasm" movie with very little thrill, nudity and quadruple-shot guns. Do I have to say more?
