Wow, the plot for this movie is everywhere! There is so much conspiracy and so many things that happen that it almost turned my head !! And therefore, none of them seemed particularly credible. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Kay Francis as a housewife who lives in a small town. She had some experience with the local theater and has the ambition to go to Broadway. When a great actor arrives in the city, she pursues him in the hope that he can give her a career boost. However, her husband is worried about Shenanigans - because this actor is a Kad. The husband jumps on her and meets the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he was convicted of first murder !!! Not murder, but murder 1! Now Kay is pregnant and needs money to New York. But Broadway jobs can not be found, so she has to take on some job - even Burlesque. Unable to take proper care of her little daughter, she gives it to another woman to raise her. At some point, however, she finds a job in a real Broadway game and everything looks bright. But the jealous diva starring in the play hates her for some inexplicable reason and forces her to be thrown out of the play. Desperate, she goes to England and becomes a real star. Years later, she returns to New York to have her child - but the child is older and believes that the woman who takes care of her is her real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer now believes he can get the man out of jail if he gets $ 10,000. As another reviewer wrote, is that to bribe people ?! How else can $ 10,000 get him out - maybe it will buy a helicopter so they can fly to the prison yard and pick it up !! Wow - that's enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this happens at the 45-minute mark !!! Believe it or not, there is much more. If it really matters to you, see for yourself how it develops. <br /> <br /> This is a kind of "kitchen sink" - throw in everything and hope that somehow everything will work. Unfortunately, despite the efforts of Mrs. Francis, the film proves to be hopelessly unbelievable and muddy. It's a kind of movie that no one could have saved thanks to a second-tier plot. It's almost as if someone had just taken a couple of dozen action elements, thrown them into a box and then randomly picked them to make a movie !! All in all, if you are not an avid Kay Francis fan or love something made by Hollywood in the 1930s, this is one that you can easily skip. Not terrible, but certainly not good. By the way, the kid who plays Francis' daughter when she returned to New York (Sybil Jason) was really awful. I think she should ... I think.
