If a movie has no less than FIVE different titles, it usually means several things and almost always means that the movie has big flaws somewhere. Necromancy has big shortcomings and is just bad. I saw the release in a video called Rosemary's Disciples. Yeah, I'm sure it's different from other versions, but I'm not inclined to believe there's any other version and the few more minutes it could have - it's going to get better. The story may be the biggest problem: The movie begins with Laurie's awakening and her husband taking her to a town where he has a new job in a toy factory for occultists (yes, it's getting so bad!). The town is called Lillith and has a man with a rifle on the bridge to ensure that only those selected by the "owner" of the city are admitted. Soon we realize that everyone who lives in Lillith is a witch and all follow the instructions of Mr. Cato - the head of this city covenant who wants to have his dead son back (hence the name Nekromanie). The people in the city have something to do with it - they have ceremonies, some like wearing a goat's head, and promiscuity in abundance (not much shown in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato is played robustly by figurative and literally larger-than-life movie artist Orson Welles. Welles gets abused, but do not make a mistake, he's the best in this movie. And that's really the saddest part of Necromancy, as Welles shows a pretty poor and low-level pedestrian performance. In a scene at a party director Bert I Gordon always returns to Welles and watches the action of the party with the same frames! It looked ridiculous. Likewise, the scene, which was seen again and again by a woman's arm, who stood in a swirling flames after a car accident. It looked like the arm of a mannequin. The story is never exploited, as we never really know what's going on: many scenes are filmed like dreams or hallucinations and never confirmed. This also applies to the stupid end. The main role Pamela Franklin is pert and pretty and has some talent. Apart from their appearance, they were really slim pickers from the rest of the cast without Welles. The direction and the story were made by Gordon, who apparently had little gasoline left in the engine. This is in no way a good movie under any name.
