2 stars for Kay Francis - she is wonderful! And she did not deserve that awful trip Warner Bros. threw in the way! <br /> <br /> The twin-track premise on which this film is based is ridiculous and incredibly incredible. Kay is a small-town woman and mother who longs for something bigger: she wants to be an actress. When a great actor comes to town and Kay invites him to talk about possibilities, Kay tells her husband that she's going to the movies. A mother's husband brings a bug in the ear that Kay is not sincere, and he goes in search of her. He finds her with the actor at the hotel (they speak only!) And he beats the guy who falls over a railing, landing first in a pond (See?) And dies. Well, here are the two incredible conditions on which the rest of the movie is based: <br /> <br /> 1) The judge says the jury that, if it finds that the man * died * before * His head went into the water, you have to convict the husband of the murder in the first degree. (Whaaaaa ?????? I think if you hit a guy in a fit of rage that would apply for a maximum of manslaughter or murder two, not for murder FIRST First. Give me a break so that he live long to jail! What can be sent. whatever. 2) the lawyer of the husband says Kay after the conviction and sentencing that everything is YOUR fault. His argument is that if they had not gone to the room of the actor, her husband would not be pursued her, beat the guy and would kill him. He tells her she's the culprit, not her husband, and she nods and agrees. What. The. Hell?!?!?! In the rest of the movie is all about Kay, who is trying to gain fame and money in order to free her husband from prison and to commit the wrongs she has committed by prompted him to kill the actor pal , > I can not even continue this review. The movie was just too painful. Four years ago, in the pre-code days, you would never have seen Kay play such an eyelash! However, in the manner of Kay Francis, she did everything to make us believe that this woman was a believable figure. I give her a lot of credit for trying to give some life and credibility to this ungrateful role. This character was a long way from the pre-code roles of Kay and the real Spitfire-Kay Francis. <br /> <br /> Away from this! There are much better Kay Francis vehicles out there! (From personal experience, I highly recommend Mary Stevens, MD, and Jewel Robbery, and Dr. Monica and One Way Passage are good too, I'm sure there are other great Kay films, but I only mention those I have. have seen and can recommend.)
