For the beginning and for the record, the term "necromania" describes the black magical art of bringing the dead back to life, and in no way refers to sex with cadavers. This is called necrophilia and yes, I know, it's an obvious difference, but I already get a lot of comments from friends and relatives that I have a perverted taste in movies! This film is actually the opposite of the perverse or the bad and is just boring, incompetent and terribly bad. "Necromancy" occupies at least a top 5 ranking, in the list of the most incoherent films ever made! Director Bert I Gordon is not exactly famous for his masterpieces (in his repertoire there are titles like "Earth Against the Spider," "King Dinosaurs" and "Eating the Gods"), but he really excelled here with a completely pointless, superfluous and completely nonsensical story about witchcraft and secret small towns. Shortly after the tragic experience, when her baby was born dead, Lori and her husband Frank move to the quiet town of Lillith, where Frank suddenly got a prominent position in a toy factory. Lori is suspicious and feels an atmosphere of morbidity, especially when the city's patriarch and "owner" Mr. Cato are very intrusive and mysterious. That's another thing. How can someone "own" a city and all in it? In any case, Lori gradually discovers that everyone in Lillith is a witch and Mr. Cato has lured her exclusively to the city because she has supernatural abilities to revive the dead. For many years, Cato has been trying to bring his deceased son back to life, ready to make any human sacrifice. I honestly do not understand the meaning of the whole movie. It's a blatant rip-off of "Rosemary's Baby"? one of the alternative titles is even "Rosemary's Disciples"? but the script is indefinite and confused. Why is nobody allowed to have children while Cato's son is dead? That's just very selfish! When, where and how did Lori suddenly learn to revive the dead? "Nekromania" definitely contains some really weird and atmospheric moments that are unintentionally achieved either by accident or by lack of budget. The grainy photography gives the film an eerie ambience and the set pieces look cheap to be scary. Orson Welles performance? undoubtedly the lowest point of his career? It's a pity, and yet it's the best aspect of the entire movie.
