The only previous Gordon movie I saw was the children's adventure THE MAGIC SWORD (1962), which I soon followed with EMPIRE OF THE ANTS (1977). however, he seems best remembered for his fifties science fiction work. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I came across this in a DVD rental business: Had not I noticed the signature character of Orson Welles? I probably would not have bothered about the sleeve - because I know the film under its original title NECROMANCY! I had seen a statue of it on my dad's old horror movie: The actor's presence in a movie about diabolism seemed like a great idea that could not possibly be missed, but the end result - especially in this bastardized edition - is a disaster! Honestly, I felt sorry for Welles, who looks bored, and instead of his deep and commanding voice he murmurs the inhuman demonic invocations almost in a whisper. <br /> <br /> The plot is basically another retreading of ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968): a married couple is invited under false pretense into a remote community and soon discovers that they are surrounded by diabolists. The girl played by Pamela Franklin is said to have passed on supernatural powers (from her mother, which seems to warn incessantly, though she is braked intensely by clenched teeth, and the speeches of the latter are largely incoherent and the source is incomplete) every time if she turns up, very annoying!) and it is expected that she will revive the deceased young son of Welles from the dead !! For what it's worth, Franklin - a regular genre right after her debut in THE INNOCENTS (1961) - is not bad in her role (which requires some nudity and undergoes several semi-eerie hallucinations throughout the film). ; Husband Michael Ontkean has not grown up to the challenge of his character of John Cassavetes. Some of the other girls also look good, especially Lee Purcell, whose belated decision to help Franklin escape from the city eventually proves her ruin. <br /> <br /> Events peak in an incredibly muddled climax, which is seen by the Satanists eventually turning to Franklin and letting them take the place of the revived boy in the coffin (thanks for that!). While the added scenes stand out (the witty opening ceremony and other erotic embellishments), the overall quality of the film would still have been bad without them; Again, this special version is further sunk by the attached electronic score - which is totally inappropriate and extremely cheesy!
