As a teenager, I was pretty much interested in the whole thing with Bigfoot - I read the books and followed the reported sightings. As a miserable adult, I have largely given up the big guy now, but it does not matter to watch the weird movie when I bump into you. This one had some strengths - mainly the replica of two of the more famous Bigfoot encounters - the 1924 Monkey Canyon Incident and the Bauman Incident of about 1850, akin to and with Teddy Roosevelt. I am reasonably familiar with the adolescent reading that I have done. The film assumes that both incidents were a sasquatch, while both incidents contained more plausible explanations, but the improvements were well done. There is also a tribute paid at the beginning of the film to the famous Patterson video, which in turn takes its authenticity for granted. The Sasquatch encounter at the end of the film was also very well done and had a very scary feeling, as the Sasquatch were shown mainly in the shade or as hairy feet passed the frightened men. Unfortunately, these four things totaled about 20 minutes, while the movie lasts just over one and a half hours in total. <br /> <br /> This is the fictitious story of a documentary expedition to a remote area in northern British Columbia, in the presumed home of Sasquatch. A computer had targeted this area based on sightings and, in one of the movie's more amusing scenes, the computer also used "eyewitness sightings" to draw a picture of a Sasquatch, just like the "essence" of the Patterson video looked! Aside from the 20 minutes I've mentioned, let's take a look at this expedition, which means we can watch a lot of guys on a long camping trip. I was camping with the boys. Let me tell you - they have never been worth a movie before. Between the long stretches of boredom, there are some beautiful wildlife photos (though it is believed that canned material was used, or even animals caught as wildlife) and there are some spectacular scenery, except that the landscape is not in the north of England. it comes from national parks in Oregon. <br /> <br /> I appreciated that we never got a real picture of the Sasquatch so we did not have to deal with the bad make-up that was part of it. 3.10
