COULD INCLUDE SPOILER ..... I'm surprised that the film has a high rating, to be honest. All I saw was a slow propaganda film that did not have much to say. (Note for myself must check the rating for Platoon here) This movie was so black and white ... Americans good ... anybody else, either evil or useless. I suppose the British troops should be SAS (one of the most elitist units in the world would think so, I'm pretty sure). They lost three men and the others ran away while the US troops were not even fighting elite soldiers held the ground up and opened up a barrage of madness on the wicked, insidious Iraqis. Aye dead to think. The only good thing I have to say about this film was in that sense, when the sniper took out the SAS man ... Muzzle fire from a distance, good sound used ... really well done, but the rest ... spare me, what am I 10 years old ?? !! Well, I can not and can see nonsense propaganda in a movie, and the boy had this movie. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh yes, and in the main crazy, the wild guy can not stay home his wife and his little kid ... no, he has to sign up for another year to to fight in a nonsensical lie of a war !! Why ... because young men seem to need thrills or something. As I said, I'm really surprised by the high rating of this movie. <br /> <br /> P.S. I do not hate America. I hate the message of this film, which obviously does not want to deal with issues of illegal warfare (in my eyes), which is OK, because there are obviously people who think that it is a just war for whatever reason (she wanted to say something other than censored), but hey, that's up to them. But producing a film that is as one-sided as if it were black and white ... good and evil is lazy and treats me as a kid. There is a lot of gray in the war and two (sometimes more) sides believe in what they are fighting for. Not Star Wars with a darker side sweetens the goodies. F Hollywood, sometimes you really take people for cups ... then again 7.8 .... well, maybe you're right, but I will not buy it. I'm glad I downloaded this movie. ;)
