As a last day is Ayn Rand, Bigelow, la Major muy macho, in their presentation in a movie of some hard American families who are stuck in Iraq and defuse roadside bombs used by the ruthless, merciless, killing children Arab terrorists , As Bigelow postulated the Iraq war as a background the big stage of the human drama, an experienced bomb expert is blown up and another dive to replace him in the dusty, hot, ugly wreckage of Iraq, and a new hero born. <br /> <br /> The new type is what John Hershey described in his book, and later in the film The War Lover sublimate as a sadistic wingnut, which actually is not suitable for civilian life and requires the stimulation of war and suppress his failed sexual desires. The war lover can only function fully during the war, the time of peace stifles him. While Hershey chastised the war friend (played in one of his biggest roles in the movie by Steve McQueen), Bigelow glorifies him. The army needs war lovers, they are the bulwark of defense against our enemies. We can not deal with the truth that war lovers are the best soldiers, the toughest men. According to the unironic Bigelow, normal men are pussies, the war lover is a special breed, the last of the cowboys. What if he wants to take his men back or pet an Iraqi boy? He is a return to the sex-and-death war cult. In war, sex is a thankless, loveless way of not asking, not saying. Bigelow has no opinion; It limits only the possibilities of masculinity in this shameless attempt of realism. Only a war lover can win the moral battle between right and wrong, between American innocence and Arab perfidy. Bigelow disguises her racism and arrogance behind the ambitious facade of journalism. It's just another gung-ho-yahoo that represents a brutal war on the civilian population as a moral triumph of the spirit. Politically, Bigelow keeps returning to the western genre, and his relentless cliches: the wonderful world of open border, which happens to be the land of another. ("You can shoot people here," says a soldier); the hard but human black fellow, the soldier with a Todesvorahnung, the rugged, possibly crazy commander, highly educated fool who tries to befriend the enemy. They call it, Bigelow livens it up again. <br /> <br /> The love between man and boy in scenes with the sweet Arab boy who befriends the war lovers, noticeable, but Bigelow plays it straight; She does not perform the sex, only disinfects him. What Bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly, scornful face of the Arab enemy. Any Iraqi who is not evil is either demeaning, hostile, or not good anyway. They all deserve to die for their impudence, and many of them do it in this glamorous festival film. The Iraqi women are all hysterical, they make their presence visible only by screaming. It could be male stunt men who know what you know after all, you never see their faces. There is no female presence at all in the base or in the battle, although the number of female victims in Iraq would certainly refute this. Bigelow goes through all the movements in succession. It glorifies war, it sanctifies the hero of the sadistic nut. The cowboys, surrounded by the subhuman Indians, prove their courage by accomplishing God's work and subjugating the miserable, terror-stricken hellhole with pure courage and suicidal thoughts. In the end, I had the feeling that I was searching for the Indians. In Bigelow's world, however, it creates no mercy or understanding. The Iraqis are dehumanized par excellence. Slaughtering civilians is just the dramatic background to our hero's psycho-sexual struggle. Every US ball finds its mark. You have to love the man, the war lover. It's just his way, he's the real hero. He's just a guy trying to do things the hard way.
