In England, the line is funnier, where the word "fanny", far from vixen! S home America, has a whole new meaning. Unfortunately, it's the only laugh you get in this horrible sex comedy that's neither sexy nor funny. <br /> <br /> Erica Gavin (acting ability: zero) is a nymphomaniac who craves her own brother, but rejects his black friend while making disparaging remarks about watermelons. As if in revenge, he asks her if she would go with a Shetland pony. It is also referred to "made with monkeys". Gavin's ability to shake and tremble at the slightest touch with orgasmic pleasure is achieved only in her lack of attraction through her seduction dance. which includes a campfire and a haddock. Personally, I preferred the haddock. <br /> <br /> For '68, that was pretty tame stuff and denies the controversy at the time. A character claims to be "stoned" even though it is only on Bourbon, and for one of the original "X" certificates, there is no full frontal nudity. Only six years later we got Timmy Lea and his confessions, but here we have to be content with topless shots. Only Gavin's last seduction of her own brother really shocks. Another activity for Vixen is where she helps to solve the sexual problems between a married couple by sleeping with both. The two women obviously do not like to play their scene together, and barely try to disguise her. After Vixen has eliminated her disharmony, the romantic husband concludes that his wife "I think she brought it to her!". <br /> <br /> The only worthwhile section is an unusual discussion of Cuban communism. With the rest of the film it seems out of place, though it is spliced ​​with shots of Gavin's breasts to bring it to continuity. This then leads to a vague anti-Vietnamese stance that is praiseworthy, even though it has fallen in the midst of such a frivolous movie, it seems banal and insensitive not to be downright tasteless. Incidentally, part of would-be Niles Brooke is taken over by Harrison Page, the same Harrison Page Captain Trunk played in the amusing comedy Sledge Hammer! The site has to embarrass itself through its back catalog (which also includes Meyer's Beyond the Valley of the Dolls), though Meyer apologists want you to believe that the dreadful dialogue, the lousy drama, the sloppy direction, and the gloomy editing are not just part of it of charm, but completely on purpose. It does not hold water in defense. <br /> <br /> The irritating, random music? a cross between the tunes they play in movie theater ads and muzak used by TV stations when the broadcast goes down? is omnipresent and intrusive; even the stupid, amateurishly distorted camera angles can not arouse interest. A wonderful world of jazz saxophones, where women "asked for it", black men? or "shines" ?? are not good enough for everyone and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. Absolutely miserable.
