The BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most cherished books, but in this animated edit, the magic is simply not there. This version remains pretty faithful to Dahl's original story, so you can not blame John Hambley's script. If anything is wrong, it's because of the colorless animation, the lethargic tempo, and the generally lackluster voice-overs. You could rightly expect this story to become a happy, lively, funny movie ... instead, the movie is a hopelessly boring affair that gets pretty boring. Children unfamiliar with the story should definitely read the book first! All the film will achieve is to read it off, which is actually a children's classic. The young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in a not too friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of Mrs. Clonkers. One evening she looks out the window as she sees a massive figure secretly walking down the village street. The figure realizes that she has been seen, reaches through the window and brings Sophie out of her bed, puts it in the huge bag before she flees into the night. Sophie soon discovers she's been kidnapped by a Giant Country giant and fears he'll eat her. To his relief, however, he proves to be a friendly and sensitive member of his species, who introduces himself as the BFG (voice of David Jason). The BFG refuses to eat people, but confines itself to foul-smelling vegetables known as snozzumber. However, Giant Country is populated by numerous other giants who feast on poor, unsuspecting people every night as it happens. Sophie and the BFG become good friends, and soon they come up with the plan to thwart the other giants. Together, they go with their remarkable story to the Queen of England (voice of Angela Thorne) and ask them to send the army and the Air Force into the fight against man-eating giants. The queen agrees and begins a dangerous operation to capture the evil giants before they can do harm to others. Jason speaks quite well of the BFG (one of the few pluses in the movie), but his good work is almost ruined by some poor sound quality. The rest of the language work is decidedly uninspired, and the characters are brought to life very little. Similarly, the BFG is the only character imaginatively animated - Sophie lacks the appeal, and the giants are boring (and look almost indistinguishable). Even the places are not inventive. Giant Country is particularly scarce as it is no more than a barren desert with occasional rocks and gorges. With 88 minutes, the film is not exactly lengthy, but withdraws due to the poor handling of several sequences in parts strongly. Little of Dahl's mischievous humor is conveyed satisfactorily. One chapter of the book deals with the love of the BFG for "Whizzpopping" and is laughable. In the movie, the same section is completely killed by uncomplicated handling. I came to The The BFG and expected a lot of fun, fun and joy, but what I got was pretty much the opposite! This is a failed dropout that does not match the caliber of the book in any department - so unfortunately it has to go down.
