This 1970s hit did not age well, but frankly it was not so good when it was released. It was, however, a great public success, perhaps because the idea of ​​fatalistic young love had to attract an audience that was saturated with the constant TV coverage of the Vietnam War. The plot is pure because it is Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged Harvard hockey player who meets and falls in love with Jenny Cavelleri, an antagonistic Vassar music student who is proud of her background in the working class. Of course, his old-school father disapproves of Jenny, and in a typical kind of rebellion that means the young couple marry in one of those unprepared hippie years. He has his dream job in New York, but she unexpectedly falls ill and dies of her deadly illness. Director Arthur Hiller shows a veneer of contemporary film techniques, but none of this can hide the old-fashioned cliché story at its core. The inevitable ending made me especially unaffected. <br /> <br /> Both Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw became stars like Oliver and Jenny in this film, but inexplicably so, since neither of them can convey the depth and complexity they need to convince characters. At least the young O'Neal is sincere in his defiant stance, but MacGraw is so wooden and grinning that it's hard to see what Oliver sees in Jenny behind his sarcastic facade. John Marley (two years before he found the beheaded racehorse in "The Godfather" in his bed) does it better than Jenny's blunt baker-dad Phil, as well as Ray Milland as the seemingly insensitive Barrett families. The all too familiar music of Frances Lai has almost become a parody over the years. The print quality on the DVD is good, but there is only a rather rich commentary track by Hiller. The most interesting little thing is that the author Erich Segal (on whose book this film is based) Oliver understood as a mixture of two Harvard roommates that he knew? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who happens to play a role in the movie as a roommate of Oliver.
