Silent Night, Deadly Night 5 is the last installment in the series, and like Part 4, it has nothing to do with the first three, except for the title and the fact that it's a Christmas horror horror movie the Uninterested, there's one few obvious things here ... Mickey Rooney plays a toy maker named Joe Petto, and his scary son is called Pino. Ring, anyone? Now one evening a little boy named Derek heard a knock on the door and opened it to find a present at the door. Although it says, "Do not open until Christmas," he begins to open it anyway, but is stopped by his father, who scolds him and sends him to bed and opens the gift himself. Inside is a small red ball that sprouts Santa's head and arms and kills Papa. Oops, maybe he would have left alone. Of course Derek is traumatized by the incident since watching him from the stairs, but he does not turn into a murderous Santa, he just stops talking. <br /> <br /> A mysterious stranger lurks. Who seems very interested in the toys that Joe Petto makes. We even see him buy a bunch when Derek's mother brings him to the store to find a gift for him that will bring him out of his trauma. And what exactly does this guy do? Well, we're not sure, but he seems to take these toys apart to see what's ticking them. He prevents his landlord from driving him out by promising to pay him in cash the next day, and gives him a "Larry the Larvae" toy for his child, but of course "Larry" is not a good toy and comes from the hotel box in the car and of course, things are not nice. Anyway, at some point, what's going on with Joe Petto and Pino, of course, is revealed, and like the old story, Pino is not the case of a "real boy". Pino is probably even more excited and naughty, because he suffers from "Kenitalia" (a smooth plastic step), so that his evil ways could be explained. And the identity of the lurking stranger is also revealed, and there is even a kind of happy ending. Whee. <br /> <br /> One step from part 4, but not much of one. Brian Yuzna is back, and Screaming Mad George, some decent special effects, but not enough to make it great. A few remnants of Part 4 are also hanging around, like Clint Howard and Neith Hunter, but that makes no difference. Anyway, I have now seen the whole series out of my system. Well, if I could get some of that out of my brain. 4 out of 5.
