Warped picks up on the Pinocchio theme and puts on booby toys during the Christmas season (.. after the previous entry abandoned bindings for Christmas) to murder a child (.. but this will accidentally hurt other victims) maybe from a " Son "of a toy manufacturer. The screaming Mad George was responsible for the killer toys (... including a larva that invades a victim's mouth and into his eye), another in which soldier toys actually fire real bullets onto a babysitter after their friend becomes practical was strangled by a severed hand toy a remote control). The small target is a dumb child named Derek (William Thorne) whose stepfather was murdered by a red ball with outstretched arms surrounding his face, causing him to land on a fireplace poker. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) worries about her son's mental state because he does not agree to open gifts or, more importantly, talk about her husband's terrible murder. Derek's father Noah (Tracy Fraim) fears for the safety of his son and informs his ex-girlfriend Sarah reluctantly that the local toy maker Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) was once arrested for trapping in toys that could harm children The loss of an unborn child when his wife died in a car accident. A retaliation by saying that if he could not have a son, others should not. Although Petto is still a heavy drinker (often seen him sipping Jack), he does not seem to share his feelings towards the children, but his sinister son Pino (Brian Bremer) does not have and Derek he scares. Why? You will understand it soon. <br /> <br /> Pretty disappointing special effects and rather silly premise. Rooney's name gives the film a fascination and makes him known, but his histrionics can only help so much. The attractive leading actress Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Fraim as the man who returns to their lives are not so bad, but the foolhardy plan that is developing is hard to take seriously. I suppose that's the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in a movie like this. He has no room to give his toymaker a different personality than anger and despair, quite fleeting and barely holding together when he explodes in anger at Pino when he does not drink alcohol. Bremer is appropriately funny and "robotic" as Pino and longs to have Sarah as his mother. The practical implications of the attacks on the victims are unconvincing. The work of Mad George with Savage Steve Holland was much more effective than what we see in this movie. The sex everybody is talking about is not as unfounded as many would think (I can not remember nudity). Probably the best of the numerous sequels, but that's no confirmation. I'm pretty sure written on paper, this was an entertaining concept, the idea of ​​manipulating Pinocchio with horror elements, but the result is not exactly a dream.
