OK, OK, it could be difficult to sum up a man's entire life in a movie. Traditionally, biopics therefore focus on one or two important areas in the life of the subject. Well, Byron was a colleague, "My week beats your year," which makes the selection of representative parts even more difficult. Just as Byron's poetry is inextricably linked to his life, man's life itself must be seen as a whole. The highlighting of parts not only does not show the whole picture, but also a completely different picture. <br /> <br /> Well, in short, my review reads: Byron was probably "the week that beats your year." "A prototype, a man who has lived so intensely that in his fifteen or so active years, he actually did more than most in his entire life, although he had setbacks and was a victim of the time and the social environment in which he lived lived - but in the end this guy was supposed to be the prototype whose life we ​​all want to lead, or well, I did not want to live the life depicted in this movie at all ... so it's not going to be so bad ( which was more or less trend-setting), but mostly because you missed the point completely in a flat plot. <br /> <br /> Some details To simplify matters, a Byron biography should have two different episodes 2. After His First European Trip: England and His Rise to Glory + Marriage / 2. His Life Abroad Now it's important that the second part is at least as important as the first one. Not only was it much longer but also the most significant change in Byron also created his best works there (Don Juan, Vision of Judgment, etc.) - all that makes him * really * unique in English literature. <br /> <br /> Instead, in this movie (a) Byron's life never appears as something entertaining, (b) it only gets * bad * after leaving England. They did two good jobs: first, they started on his return to Europe (although a little more of the actual trip would have been welcome as a prologue), secondly, they chose an angle, and they chose Augusta (who is more perfectly occupied). The problem with this last thing is that they never let go. Although Byron remained firmly attached to Augusta for the rest of his life, it is precisely because he was such a change of mood that the fact that his letters reflect this does not mean that at other times he did not fully enjoy life. <The first part of the TV movie should have ended when he left England. There is no doubt about that. The thing is, once abroad began a life of debauchery (with the notorious Geneva time), but in Italy Byron also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by the Italian comedy), already in Venice, as well as for himself even when he found the Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (later at the request of Shelly with Teresa to Pisa). In other words, he was also * released *. His mind and life opened up (and not only in the decadent sense), while England continued to close when it fell into the magnet of the Victorian era. The freedom was without Augusta, but this bittersweet freedom tastes sour in this movie. We see a lonely, bored snob getting older. <br /> <br /> I mean, damn, Byron never thought much about his poetry except when he finally found his own voice in Don Juan! Apart from poetic and romantic developments, his relationship with Shelly (and the collapse) should have been more documented. In Italy in Ravenna he is also involved in politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important as it shows that the decadent, romantic and ultimately escapist language and person of Childe Harold turns into the more realistic and easier passion of the language and person of Don Juan. Life and work are one. Of course still a bit naive, but that has brought him to Greece! And the whole thing was closed in Pisa, and Shelley's revolutionary spirit continued to ignite the spark. Missolonghi was not the bored snob, who was suddenly looking for some action. It was the insights in Italy (the Gambas) that put him into action. It can be a symbol of the man who is looking for excitement in the antique style, while the rest of Europe is fixed in the tone of modern reason and conservatism. But it was not just that, it was a true inspiration behind it. In the meantime, Byron massively wrote Don Juan. True, his ending is a bit sad, but it's not as if he's exhausted. THAT is the essence of Byron's life: he may have strong emotional attachments (2: Augusta and Teresa), but each time he managed to really reinvent himself. That meant that at the end of his life he was not "less" - no, he had made a physical and mental JOURNEY to which few people were willing to do at the time. <br /> <br /> I wonder. Why is the second phase in Byron's life so often overlooked? Because there were less obvious conflicts when the man finally came to himself? By focusing our attention on the frustrated, scandalous years of England, we show that it is not much better than the English aristocracy of the time, who Byron despised and who, despite the fact that he had no choice, wanted * fled in 1816 to find a world that was modern and liberal enough to let him find the voice that would make him the first romantic plain-text poet to evolve from a self-obsessed snob into a passionate man who would associate with a thing moved on.
