Only once do I want to see a version of Beowulf in which the scriptwriters are apparently at least familiar with the original poem. After watching this sci-fi presentation, I'm disappointed. <br /> <br /> I do not suggest that the authors need to understand and analyze the Old English poem, but I wish they could at least try to read a translation in modern English and try to construct a story that is actually based on it. The story is exciting enough; Why are you adding action items that are not there and ruining the story? What's wrong with being faithful to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to any type of weapon. Why introduce a super crossbow that is unbelievable and may not have existed during that time (as correctly stated by the previous reviewer)? The fight with Grendel was Beowulf against Grendel. That's it. Nobody else took part in the battle. The only way Beowulf could defeat him was to target the monster without weapons, the mistake made by all the previous challengers. In this version, Danes and Geats fight the beast and Beowulf hacks Grendel with a sword! Why could not they explain what really happened? I personally think a one-to-one match between the two would be much more exciting. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a pathetic and abysmal account that does not do justice to the true story. Why make a pact with Hrothgar and Grendel's mother, who offers sacrifices? Why are you creating additional characters like Finn who do not add anything to the story? There was no love story in the poem. They could not even set the scenes in the appropriate places (a forest instead of the swamp and no cave under the lake). You do not notice the metaphor that means Grendel's hideout? It's supposed to be underground to represent hell. Why not center instead on the symbolism of the epic? Even my students last year were able to achieve vastly better results by creating a Beowulf-based short film, as they focused on the themes and symbolism underlying the story. If Hollywood could make a movie that focuses on those elements and stays true to the plot, that would be a really great movie.
