Where should I start? Anachronism? High-tech cross-bow with a circumference of about 500AD? Arrows with explosive charges in 500AD? A monster Grendel that looks like a robocop and apparently never comes in contact with any of the weapons that are being fired or beaten? The heart that was ripped out of the victim's chest by his victim? Maybe the blonde who would fit into a new fashion show with her makeup and her striped hair? The old Danish farm, which is represented in the classical Greek style? The queen, played by Marina Sirtis, more of her make-up artist than madness? The effects are much too weak to carry this story. There are some stories that do not bother or even benefit from cheap effects, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> What about characters who appear to be unmotivated in their attitudes? A brave idiot lord whose home has been devastated more than once by the monster Grendel seems to have less respect for the danger he faces than Beowulf, who was sent from the land of the Geats from afar, to the desperate Danes to help. In this he feels more like an old cowboy than in any kind of myth. Beowulf is an ancient story of a time without a literary tradition and much of its emotion and drama is obscure. I suspect that any modern narrative that makes no intelligent attempt to invade the darkness must fail. I did not love the recent Beowulf and Grendel, which basically considers Grendel to be human and considers Hrothgar and his Danes to be too arrogant and stupid to recognize Grendel's attacks as justified revenge, but I had to take his revisionist stance, Hrothgar's Danes It was a bunch of macho batsmen who could never understand that they had taken on this nightmare, and so the original story of Beowulf as it was written was a misrepresentation of the real story. I think there is a more complex meaning than this, but this "Grendels" terrible secret that Grendel's attacks are tied to past human sacrifices does not really bring us closer to the shame that Hrothgar and the Danes have experienced. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to recommend as a traditional myth or as a modern fantasy. I give a 4: higher than it deserves, but I always hope that a bad effort will attract the attention of someone who tells the story intelligently. In the meantime, filming Sci-Fi seems to follow the NASA directive that it is better to build many probes that fail than some that succeed.
