La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza or The Bloodsucker leads the dance, as I believe it is a common English title. He is set to "Ireland" in "1902", where the mysterious Count Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) soon invites from the theater actress Evelyn (Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi) and three other colleagues who will soon be out of work Friends Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani) his castle is located on a small island just off the coast. At first, Evelyn hesitates, but is convinced if stage hand Samuel (Leo Valeriano) agrees. Once there, Count Marnack tells his guests that his father and grandfather both use a ceremonial knife to cut off their heads from their cheating wives. There is a sense of uneasiness when it turns out that Evelyn looks exactly like the Count's wife, who did not run away long ago ... Along with the worries about mad servants, it turns out that someone owns the knife itself would like to use to chop off a few heads ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production was written by Alfredo Rizzo & is total, complete and total crap from beginning to end. Most importantly, the review starts with the title The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance. Let's examine this title, because when I do, I feel cheated a little, that there are no vampires, or any bloodsucker that does not lead anyone. There is certainly no dance or dance at any time, so do not expect any of these things. But what you should expect is a boring, boring, boring, meaningless little "giallo" that takes more than an hour to kill. Every murder mystery takes shape. The first hour of La Sanguisuga Conduce La Danza is less stressful & uninteresting than anything out there. The best way to think about it is to think of the most boring softcore porn movie you've ever seen, and then cut out most of the softcore porn. That leaves bad actors, bad dubbing, bad dialogues, a little bit of softcore sex & lesbianism & absolutely nothing. Yes, that is really so bad. The mysterious elements are crap, people do illogical things for no apparent reason & the overly complicated "twist" end is as bad as the rest. The Sixth Sense (1999) is not! <br /> <br /> Director Rozzi does a good job and La Sanguisga Conduce La Danza has a nice look and feel despite the obviously low budget. I mean, there are scenes in which he shows a "storm" raging outside the castle, but the stock footage used black and white! So the movie jumps from bright colors to black and white as soon as it cuts off the storm and becomes colorful again! There is an absolutely hilarious scene in which a girl and her friend talk about her breasts and she lets her friend feel, which is then full of compliments. This scene is so funny and so unnatural that it is priceless and is the best moment of the movie, even if it is a bad 70s porn would be embarrassing by the dialogue! There is minimal nudity and the sex / lesbian scenes are very tame. Forget about any blood or blood, because apart from a decapitated head there is nothing. Technically, the films are pretty good, the period and the production design are really impressive, even if they are not massive enough to work effectively. The film has a nice color feel and the cinematography is fine. The movie is dubbed so it's hard to give an opinion on the original performances, but the speakers are terrible and the dialogue is even worse than usual. <br /> <br /> La Sanguisuga Conduce La Danza is a terrible movie No sense, it has virtually no history for more than an hour, it may have the most misleading title of all time and is really boring and boring with a confused stupid twist " -The End. As far as Euro Horror fans are concerned, there are many better movies than these, so please do not waste time, as this is definitely to be avoided for everyone else. Trivia Note: The infamous (and British-banned) Nazi exploitation / horror movie Horrifying Experiments of the SS Last Days (1977), also known as "Hell Camp & The Beast in Heat" (SS Hell Camp & The Beast in Heat) , was headed by Luigi Batzella Policeman in La Sanguisuga Conduce La Danza.
