This "clever" movie was originally a Japanese movie. And even though I think the original movie was pretty bad, it got even worse when American-International Films cut the movie into pieces and inserted American-built segments to deceive the audience. Unless your audience consists of total idiots, it becomes painfully obvious that this has been done - and with little finesse or care about the final product. The bottom line is that you have many uniquely Japanese scenes and then clearly American scenes in which the movie looks very different. Besides, the American scenes are really meaningless and consist of two different groups of people talking about Gamera - the evil flying turtle! And though this is a fire-spewing, flying and destructive monster, there's virtually no energy because I suspect the actors were just embarrassed for being in this miserable movie - especially the movie veterans Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. They both just looked tired and uncomfortable because they were there. <br /> <br /> Well, as far as the monster is concerned, it's not quite the Godzilla-type being. Seeing a giant turtle pulling its head and limbs away and spinning like a rocket through the air is weird. On the other hand, as usual, the shabby model airplanes, destructible balsa and powerhouse in this movie are no wonder. There is also a strange cliché of a Japanese monster movie that annoys most non-Japanese viewers, and that is the "adorable and precocious little boy who loves and believes in the monster". Yes exactly. Well, just like in GODZILLA VERSUS THE SMOG MONSTER and some other movies, you have the annoying tingling of the monster, even though Gamera is NOT a good dude unlike Godzilla's later incarnations and at the end the boy falls out just an idiot! Stupid, exceptionally bad special effects, which could be made better by average seven-year-old, bad acting, meaningless American clips and occasionally terrible synchronizations, make this film a pathetic film. Although most of them will certainly hate this movie (and the stupid kid), there is a small and very vocal minority that loves these films and compares them to Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe them - this is a horrible movie! <br /> FYI - Apparently Gamera was seen in several other films of the 60s and in recent incarnations due to his great stage presence. None of that changes the central fact that he is a flaming flying turtle or that the movies are really very lame.
