We are now traveling to a parallel universe where the appearance of gigantic prehistoric monsters that flatten cities is part of everyday life. It is the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah and their kind - a strange world that became even stranger due to the appearance of an unknown flying turtle named Gamera. <br /> <br /> Forever in the shadow of the monolithic Toho Studios, second tier Daiei Studios were more famous for samurai sagas than for monster movies. In the mid-1960s, they decided to join the huge reptile race and designed a rival monster series to Toho's gigantic successful Godzilla. They wisely chose Gamera as their flagship - a giant turtle that shoots flames between their jaw teeth and spins through the air by shooting flames through the pegholes of their shell (and at some point you almost see the paper mache shell catching fire! <br /> <br /> The first Gamera movie "Gamera The Invincible" (as sold to the US) is a virtual mirror of the first Godzilla movie, only 10 years behind, with American fighters chasing an unmarked plane The Arctic sets to its fiery demise - the nuclear bomb on board detonates and awakens the huge Gamera from its icy slumber - atomic energy feeds instantly, and the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a small Japanese boy named Kenny, the psychic Having connection with the giant tortoise and even holding a miniature version in the aquarium believes that Gamera is essentially friendly and kind by his bed He is like a little Jewish kid with a pinup from Hitler. "Gamera is a GOOD turtle," he begs, then pouts and puts on a face like someone shitting on his coco-pop. Miraculously, the world leaders listen to him, and so Z-Plan begins to save the world AND Gamera from total destruction. Gamera was released in 1965 and was a surprising success. The annoying infantile anthropomorphism actually impacted children's audiences in Japan and the US, and the sight of Gamera on two legs tripping miniatures of Tokyo and the North Pole is splendidly chintzy. Most surprising is the longevity of the series: eight original Gamera films and a series of new remakes. Not bad for a mutant reptile whose only friend is mewing eight-year-old milk-toast - and when I hear "Gamera's Friends for ALL Children" again, I'm going to crush Tokyo. This seems to be an easy task in the parallel universe, where kids are smart and turtles are bigger than a Seiko billboard in the 1965 Turtle Festival Gamera.
