With the rising popularity of the now iconic Godzilla series, as with any hit movie event, there were inevitably a lot of imitators trying to make money with the success of the big lizard. With Godzilla began the rise of the popularity of the Kaiju genre (giant monster). Many sought success; some have won it. One of the few who not only benefited, but also gained popularity, was Gamera, a giant turtle who could inhale and exhale and fire flames by feeding flames from the pedestals in his tank to enable jet propulsion. Unlike Godzilla, Gamera was marketed as a friend to all children. Later he fought with other monsters to save children in danger, and so Gamera became very popular among the children. Unfortunately, this is about the only audience that will appeal to the original Gamera series. While the new Gamera films by Shusuke Kaneko are amazing, revolutionary monster movies, the original series, including the original, is nothing special. <br /> <br /> The first Gamera movie titled "The Giant Monster Gamera" was clearly a Godzilla request, and although the film was produced in the era of color films, it was shot in black and white Gamera also attacks Tokyo, because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first movie, I do not know much about the Japanese version, for the version I know of the Americanized version, where scenes are cut and new material with American actors (is it a coincidence that the same thing happened with the first Godzilla movie?) Well, if that adds or takes away from the movie, I can not say, but "Gammera the Invincible" is really nothing as a lumbering hole drifting like the big turtle itself. <br /> <br /> "Gammera the Invincible" is a very routine movie, with characters from Science Fiction S stores Tandards, the story is crazy, the monster has no real motive to attack civilization, the play is ridiculous and so on and so forth. The only thing that differentiates it from the Godzilla series is the end of the movie. However, this is also a disadvantage as the plan that eventually stops Gameras killing spree is completely wrong and ridiculous. Now the rest of the movie and many other entries in this genre fit this description, but this is an extremely heavy monster movie. <br /> <br /> And even though Shusuke would later turn Kaneko Gamera into an interesting monster with his trilogy In the 1990s, Gamera was not an attractive screen presence in the original series. He was neither scary nor sympathetic. He just waddles like a toddler, wavering with every step, knocking over miniature sets. As usual, all Gamera's aim is to destroy, with the exception of a small child (Yoshio Uchida, lazily untied even though he plays a 'central' role) who thinks Gamera is a cute turtle watching movies from the genre, to which "Gammera The Invincible "are easy to criticize and subject to additional pressure. Even in the company of many other godzilla imitators, this Gamera movie is not a particularly good entry. And as for my movie experience, the rest of the movies in the series are either just as boring or inferior. Like Godzilla, Gamera would be filmed in color and fight against monsters. And like Godzilla, with every movie he would become cheaper and cheaper until it was time to revive the series and take him seriously. <br /> <br /> It's strange. I usually recommend people to stay with the originals and pass on the remakes. In the case of Gamera, however, my judgment is exactly the opposite. I strongly encourage people to take a look at the 1990s Gamera trilogy directed by Shusuke Kaneko and skip the original series if they are not interested. The new films are imaginative, well done, exciting and above all funny. The original series is boring.
