I did not really want to say anything, but then I thought I had something to say. I saw this movie two days ago, and although I think this is not a complete waste of time (though it might have been money for the producers), it is obvious that it has serious problems. It has really good camera and (small, but) nice music. Much has been said about Ana Cristina Oliveira, but to be honest about what? She is not a real actress and constantly balances between exaggerated and absurd negotiation. Your performance is always good, because there was no other movie like Odete: crazy? Sad? childlike? a cheater? Nobody knows, people. It somehow dictates the rules here. <br /> <br /> I thought this movie is also a good example of the problem that most Portuguese films suffer from: soundtrack. There is a permanent NO to dub and the result is this common noise that comes out of the blue. People in other countries may think that Portugal is the loudest place. What did inspire me, however, was that some dialogues were synchronized, but the syndrome was not necessarily solved. I also have to say bad synchronization. It's weird to watch a movie in which the first thing that comes to my mind in the first scene is when the first character talks: He is being dubbed. And all that to say that the film has technical problems. <br /> <br /> It also has scripting issues. It tries to be classic from the first to the last scene. There was a desperate fear of having things suspended and that shows. Obviously the author was trying to make everything clear and he does, but ... that shows it !! All dialogues are too exponential and there is not a single conversation that sounds like a line from a movie. It's all a bit raw and a bit uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Not that the movie is a total mess, I must emphasize. I just think the good parts are so obvious that I prefer to focus on the bad ones. <br /> <br /> The direction brings little to the weak script. All shots are classic and not innovative, but they are beautiful. Great work by Rui Poças. By the way. Well, what I think was the problem that keeps people from believing this story and laughing throughout the movie, rather than taking it seriously: the guy who plays the guy who DIES obviously is not an actor. Actually, it does matter pretty much, and I can not understand why non-actors are cast for such parts. This guy is neither an actor nor a handsome man. Which means that the whole movie rolls down the hill, as we never believe for a second that this beautiful woman is obsessed with him, even though he has left and that his superhuman lover, who survives, actually has a bad time, the loss overcome when we all see apathy from this character. Too bad. The world is full of beautiful people who happen to be nice, seductive lovers. The world is full of good actors who are also cute boys and able to make people obsessed after their deaths. The world is full of great movies and not so great movies. So life is!
