I have a serious problem with this show, actually several. A simple list is enough for the moment, I will go into more detail later: superficial characters, a laugh track and boring humor. <br /> <br /> If you do not want to watch the rest Read it and just read it to make you feel superior (as if you were seeing something in this show that I have not seen) a frequently annoyed one Teenagers from Canada are the TV audience for new, good shows (Arrested Development, Dexter etc.). Friends is also responsible for the reality TV, "Two And A Half Men" and "The King Of Queens", as the TV managers. Well, continue with the review. <br /> <br /> These characters have no soul, they are identical in all respects (outside gender and hair color). They react in boring situations as well and are completely safe in their own body. Where is the conflict and the humor that goes with it? Why does not Rachel storm Monica after Monica hung around with Rachel's enemy? Why does not Joey think of suicide because nobody seems to take him seriously? Oh, right, because he is the stupid and he feels comfortable with it. This is the curse of having perfect characters: persistent conflicts and (God forbid) personality becomes an impossibility. <br /> <br /> The Lachspur is the only thing that should have died right after his birth. Every show that has one is almost certainly the opposite of funny. How can I make such a generalization? If a show claiming to be "comedy" that requires someone's laughter, BESIDES THE AUDIENCE, must mean that the audience would not laugh without it. Laughtracks destroy the humor by preventing a quick comeback. Humor becomes a construct and not a free-flowing entity (see The Office, Arrested Development). This leads to my next point: The humor is boring. There is no way to turn a perfect character into something more than humorous (obviously without a laugh track) just because our everyday humor comes from recognizing our flaws. What if Monica had a 17-year-old girl? She immediately realizes that what she is doing is not right and breaks off with him. There has to be a kind of conflict, not an immediate solution. Maybe her mother or one of her friends is trying to get rid of him and ends up seducing him. That would be great, it would be like a custody battle! Now I have presented evidence for my position. Many of my friends love this show because they have not heard of Curb Your Enthusiasm or Arrested Development. Many of my friends hate this show because they recently started seeing Curb Your Enthusiasm or Arrested Development. <br /> <br /> I've seen very little of "friends" in my life, but I've seen enough to spot huge flaws that make the show totally unsurpassable in my opinion. If you have read this far, I thank you and hope that you at least look at some of the shows I mentioned.
