The Last Station, director Michael Hoffman's melodrama about the last months in the life of Leo Tolstoy, begins with fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a residential complex in Yasnaya Polyana, takes walks, writes and is seen by his wife and followers of his "Movement", dedicated to his ideas of pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence and community. who have gathered in a forest camp not far away. His wife Sophia (Helen Mirren) openly got along with the leader of his movement Chertkov (Paul Giamatti) whom she tries to persuade Tolstoy to sign the rights of his works to the Russian people, trying to steal their wealth due to the imminent death of her husband. Watching all this is Tolstoy's new steward, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naïve devotee torn between his love of man and concern for his wife. Hoffman's script, based on the novel by Jay Parini, often transforms into confused terrain, building a complex tangle of threads and opaque motivations that ultimately does not dissolve in a satisfying manner. The scope of the film is great, and its story should be echoed just like Tolstoy, whose beliefs, in some ways, both the Bolsheviks and the pacifists like Ghandi, predicted. Unfortunately not, it is unsurpassable and builds up with many malicious confrontations that are constantly dipping into nothingness. For example, the tripartite relationship between the Church, the faithful Sophia and the unbelieving Tolstoy is often addressed. In the final section of the movie, even a dumb priest with a magnificent hat appears, but the script does not extend this beyond clumsy insertion into history, as an attempt to enrich it or give it a semblance of historical accuracy. There are a ton of details in the film, but most do not get enough attention, and so the movie feels cluttered, overwhelmed, energetic, but unfortunately meaningless. <br /> <br /> Love is the Heart A story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and this story, as baffled and cramped as it is, is the reason to watch the movie. Mirren and Plummer are not surprisingly the best things in the movie. Plummer Tolstoy is vague, confused and determined at the same time, concerned and full of joy and certainty. Mirren's Sophia is in complete panic, in a sincere lather, forced to watch and be silent, while her husband gives away his time, possessions, and money to people who are undoubtedly devoted to him but clearly in possession of their own intentions. These are great performances, even more so as the gap between the true meaning of the couple in the story and the script's ability to support it is very large. Both Sophia and Tolstoy seem to be in the film of Mirren and Plummer alone. The best way to get out of the meager material. Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, are unable to do the same, and Giamattis Chertkov does not seem to be a revolutionary or a thief (and not both at the same time), but rather a cipher, a replacement for a whole package of unresolved fears and broken historical impulses. The scope of this thing never amounts to anything, it strikes, it gets through with the power of Plummer and Mirren, and not much else. It's interesting and pretty, but ultimately unrewarded. 4.5 / 10
