This incredibly overrated anime TV series (26 episodes of 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his classmates) who controls a giant robot to defend Japan against invading creatures called Angels. There are few explanations for the angels, or why their numbers have been increasing lately, and they just seem to jump out of nowhere for no apparent reason (why not all attack at once, rather than at spaced-apart intervals suitable for the angels) you want to destroy?). The robot combat scenes try to use a variety of obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring. Almost every episode seems to be a waste of space where nothing interesting occurs. <br /> <br /> Some may be fascinated by fans who mention the (very few) symbolic hints here, but that's all they are - flat one-liners to religious or philosophical concepts that happen to be used without manual skill , Overall, the series is incredibly boring because of the superficiality of the characters, who are nothing more than a self-pitying crybaby. Psychology is pitiful, with hopelessly simplistic conflicts such as "I hate my father," which are repeated over and over again and again without going beyond their face value. It's no understatement to say that these characters are plunging this series of time-consuming mediocrity into rage-inducing garbage in recent episodes with their endless, fearful diatribes of overly repetitive psychobabble (some of which are completely meaningless) <br /> I'm not kidding, when I say that this series got worse over time. Every day I watched the DVD set sitting on my coffee table and said, "Damn, I'll have to watch the next episode someday. (Sigh) I can watch another one tonight." The real kick was that the episodes were only 25 minutes long, but they were somehow able to deviate into a completely uninteresting Borefest within the first 10 minutes. This comes from a guy who enjoys playing through 150-minute films at Glacier Tempo, so my criticism of this series is extremely damned. <br /> <br /> I've never shied away from watching a series like "Evangelion" in my entire life. I had already purchased it, based on all the fanatical comments on IMDb, and I would certainly not allow it to gather dust after I spent my hard-earned money. What followed was 10 hours of pure torture. My love / hate relationship with Anime turns into a hate-love relationship after this highly prized disaster. <br /> <br /> "Evangelion" stands for everything anime should NOT be - huge amounts of boring, arrogant threesome under the cover of intelligent cinema. The general recognition of this bitch is just unbelievable; and the fans' ridiculous claim that this series is "one of the greatest achievements of humanity" is probably the most amazing commentary I've ever heard of IMDb - and I've seen some doozies.
