I occasionally see something of this show because my wife sometimes sees it. I try to enjoy it, because it is the basic idea that helps a needy family, but there are several factors in the way. Each episode follows the same format in which many parts are completely scripted (which they are) and tears seem to flow on cue. Trying to manipulate the viewer with a mix of emotional breakdowns and sad music is a real dislike for me. Annoying is also the fact that anyone who donates something for the house, be it Sears or whoever, must be generous. Probably the biggest problem I have with me is the fact that huge sums of money and a small army of workers have to be combined to create a surprisingly outstanding home for a single family. Now I know that this amount of money for Disney / ABC is just a drop in the bucket, but how much could you do for more people if they invest so much in a house? Instead of focusing on a family and making them all cry during the episode, why not help ten families and show highlights? Is not life difficult enough for the average person? Why do I need help to find things that make you feel sad? Why not show something truly inspiring without being manipulative? I know what is done for these families is good, but they are also used for ratings. You can not tell me that sometimes they are not trained to cry. When I see these people moving into a home, the hardworking people in the US can not afford their kids, that really bothers me. I can not help but think about what you could really do with a small part of Disney's money. Rather than giving each family member a flat-screen TV or a personal shower that reports the water temperature and shoots from the ceiling, why not help more people to afford food, clothing, education and health insurance? I know, so we can talk and have a good cry. In terms of money, I feel the same way with Oprah. I do not think anyone can really imagine how much money she has. Yes, her latest reality show has brought good things, but when she gave $ 30,000 to every "lost participant", I sit here and think ... that's an annual salary for many, many people ... if they're lucky. Do not let me start at game shows. I realize Extreme Makeover Home Edition is "doing good," but forgive me for considering it more self-serving than giving myself. Is there someone who feels similar?
