This movie is not about football at all. It's about Jesus / GOD !! It's the same kind of suicidal, religious, religious fraud you get from these arch-idiots fighting for Jesus or pumping iron for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was totally upset, liked contact sports and definitely had a complete set of stupid bells. Duhhh! This movie should have been titled "Wandering for Jesus" or something like that, just to let the public know that the film's real purpose is to convert people to Christianity and to remember those whose brains have already been thoroughly washed became in the blood of the lamb. That the title comes from the Bible becomes clear when the head coach reads his Bible and asks Jesus for help. The recently released sports movie "Invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than this, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was just the desire and determination of an individual with a dream. <br /> <br /> Any wide appeal as an inspiring sports movie is ultimately lost amid all the blatant Bible pudding and religious propaganda. One gets the impression that the only message is the only way to succeed and to make a positive profit by accepting Jesus as his personal savior. However, this is simply not true and therefore a lie immortalized by those who believe it is true and want everyone else to believe it. The image of the victorious athlete, who thanks Jesus when he wins, comes directly to mind. What does he do if he loses? Does he escape Jesus? Of course not! If he loses, Jesus is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible if he wins. And the logic goes round and round and ends exactly where the true believer needs it, every time !! I had to pause when the scene came in, where the bus got a brand new truck, so I could stop rolling on the floor, laughing at my ass and gasping for air. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I find it strange that most so-called "Christians" either forget or ignore this message of their "Redeemer," especially when I see a Jesus fish on the back of a huge, gas-burning SUV that seems to me to be silent stand . <br /> <br /> Another message implied in this film is that Jesus seems to be more concerned about the record loss record of a mediocre high school football team doing because of the millions of starving children in the world. The last scene, in which the insecure and insecure kicker leaves a 51-meter field goal and is hyped as an unbelievably incredible miracle, brings the last gag with a religious red flag on this turkey. I only gave him three stars because the guy who played the black coach could actually play.
