I have been abused and despised by other Christians for expressing my disappointment with this film. I'm hounded by statements like this: "I can not believe you did not like it! It was made entirely by Christians!" "Everyone has donated their time and nobody has been paid for the movie! It was made by a church and not by Hollywood, we should spend our money on such films, they only needed $ 100,000 to make the film." "This is a real church and a Christian school in Georgia! A preacher wrote and directed it." Obviously, the reason why I should love this movie is simply the way it was made and the minimal amount of money used to make the film, and that was done by Christians. That's all I need to love the movie. <br /> <br /> Look, I got the movie without knowing EVERYTHING about the background of the movie. I'd never heard of it and had no idea what it was about except football. I saw it as I saw every other movie and was disappointed. I was disappointed with the lousy editing and the lame script. I was very disappointed with the resolution after the climax. Do not worry. It has made other cheap films and other expensive films that have earned less respect from me. It's not about making the movie. It is the end product. <br /> <br /> The author acknowledges that God does not say "yes" to anything we pray in the way we want, but he wanted to use his faith to show that God is changing our lives. This is true. God, however, can change our lives and we are still barren. God can change our lives and we do not get salary increase through our work. God can change our lives and our car is still an old Jalopie. God can change our lives and our house is still stinky. Why did not he show that in the movie? Others expressed their concern to the writer / director regarding the matter, but apparently he was defensive. <br /> <br /> I did not think the acting was terrible or many landscape shots. I like the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing His incredible strength and weakness. <br /> <br /> The writing and governance was very weak. This is easy to distinguish because many of the figures have no development. All we really get from the trainer's wife is that she is not pregnant (until the end of the movie). It seems like there is only one ballplayer who has the potential to have an interesting character and who was chopped to pieces in "I have a crippled dad and I can not play football well, but I will even beat the field goal. " although I've never kicked a real field goal before. "Another problem was the Christian school itself, I worked for two Christian schools, I went to one myself, and I had many nieces and nephews in other Christian schools." All in all, I had fairly close relationships with about ten different ones I have been approached in ALL schools, I saw this as totally surreal in the film about their school and wished they had shown the human factor, it would have been nice to see a dose of reality and how God can work <br /> <br /> I would like to conclude by saying that every work - either written or drawn or played on an instrument - shares the artist's worldview.The worldview I was shown in this film is "people, who pray in the right way, win ball games, buy new cars, imagine when they could not, raise their salary and get their house in repair span in no time. "I know. I should just LOVE the movie, just because of the sincerity of the people who made it. I think I should love the movie because it was done well and for no other reason.
