I saw this movie in a youth group where my otherwise intuitive youth leader and his wife squeeze it. Then, at an ecclesiastical Christmas party, an adult couple tempted to give each family member a copy of this film, and now my household is stuck with the film (though luckily it still remains in its shrink wrap). I cried bitter tears at these sad events, and here's the reason: First of all, this movie has good intentions, especially if you're a Christian like me. This film tries to show that you should put your faith in God and that your life will be better. Not so bad, right? Eh. It turns out to be a problem - a big one. This movie was made by a church, so of course every single issue has to be treated as tastefully as possible for Christians. It's all black and white, no gray areas. God's grace and will in this film is a predictable thing, and it immediately comes to those who do its bidding. <br /> <br /> This is not the god I know. This is not the Christian life that I am familiar with. The God I believe in is a powerful and trustworthy God, but he is not one who fulfills my every wish. I follow Him as best I can, though walking is often hard; Still, the football team in this film finds their humility and self-control a lot easier than anyone who should ever find it. I can not refer to cutouts made of cardboard that change from "bad" to "good" in the course of some structured film scenes. And if I follow His commandments as laid down in the Bible, I am certainly not as blessed as these characters. The biggest of my immediate rewards is knowing that I did the right thing. Everything else is connected with lengthy, untidy, laborious work. <br /> <br /> But take the example of this film: Grant Taylor trains the football team at Shiloh Christian School, which has had six seasons in a row. He can lose his job and he and his wife have little money as it is. They want a baby, but the doctor tells him he's sterile. Oh, and his car is not working. And the boys in his football team are disrespectful to their parents, they cry for their millions and have bad goals. This is certainly a rundown community here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides he'll trust God for everything! And he passes on his belief in his team. So far, so good. Not for long. As they begin to obey, they literally bless in them. Suddenly, the students stop respecting their parents. The school has a great "revival"; the team starts to win every game; They even win the big championship against the toughest team in the league! Coach Taylor's job is reassured; the school brings him a shiny new truck as a present (which incidentally is the epitome of flat workers in fair weather); He gets a raise his wife (get this) gets pregnant even from his sterile sperm! And the skinny kid manages to kick his first damn field goal if it really matters !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord, etcetera, etcetera !!! ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Only YIPE. No one in my church has ever experienced Christ so dryly. Yes, there have been many miracles in my family, gifts and amenities, and I attribute them to the grace and goodness of God. But God is not a tap that you turn on and off when you're good or bad! He is by and large a mystery. His gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need them, but you really do. It's a long, hard sack on the road of accomplishment, and things will NEVER turn out the way you imagined. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But because of its superficial superficiality and total escapism, it is a very big tenth. The bad drama and sports film clichés seem to be just pimples besides the leprosy that this movie unintentionally pushes. <br /> <br /> For all future churches that are planning to make a movie: do not be afraid to show REAL life, you also need to add some uncomfortable truths to the mix. As much as the cute people are enthusiastic about this cotton candy, no one has yet learned anything essential from it. Give us the meat, the bones, the REAL stuff! True life is for everyone, not just Christians, and that's an aspect Facing the Giants failed to do.
