Scarecrows is one of the films that would have been quite convincing with a little more acting, a bit more directing and much more story logic than horror entry. It looks like it's still a scary movie with solid make-up and gore effects and a premise that keeps the mood of terror alive. And hey, there are no teens killed individually - just dumb adults, which is a refreshing change. And the storyline is amazingly similar to Dead Birds, with an erupting robbery, an abandoned, sinister house in the middle of nowhere and demonic monsters. But just like Dead Birds, the adults are still funny, they walk around unaware before being slaughtered one after another, and they ignore the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> In Scarecrows, however, we never really experience the supernatural why and that maintains the atmosphere of eeriness. And like clowns, scarecrows can be very scary; unless they look like Ray Bolger. After escaping with the pilot and his daughter on a hijacked plane, a paramilitary mob is doubly crossed by its own pair after a million-dollar robbery. a very nervous guy named Burt. He jumps out of the plane with the big and heavy box containing the money and apparently has no plans how to move it once it's down. Since he is the dumbest, he is first murdered. But it's not until he comes over the Fowler residence that he nestles amidst many really scary-looking scarecrows, surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire, and many warnings to stay away. And the strange weather vane on the roof with the pitchfork and the pterodactyl should also have been a warning sign. The interior of the house is also pretty clueless (at least for us in the audience). Annoyingly, we have to listen to Burt's thoughts in one voice as he walks around and mysteriously hits the key to the decrepit truck in the yard. The way the key pops up would be enough to get my pants out of the door with me inside. Maybe it's just me, but I really enjoy watching people's lips move on the screen, even if they just think aloud. It helps to intensify the plot, and gives the actor more to do than just look like the voice-over says. Burt lifts the box on the truck and sets off. Sure, why not? decrepit trucks always have a lot of gas, especially at today's prices and the battery? no problem. Well, I mentioned that Burt was the stupidest of the group, and here's the reason (in addition to the above, of course). He wears night vision goggles to run through the foliage and find the house. He picks her up to drive away the truck and instead turns on the headlights to see where he is going. Of course, the crooks who are still on the plane recognize the headlights of his truck and know where he is going. Brilliant. He deserves to die. Certainly. I'm not sure why he needed night vision goggles at all, as every scene is brightly lit, from the interior of the plane to the nighttime exterior and the house. The cameraman was either a. nearsighted, b. straight out of school or c. Dealing with really cheap footage. <br /> <br /> Burt dies when the truck dies in the middle of nowhere. Imagine that. A very nice gesture, and there are, I have to admit, some in the film, is the fact that when opening the truck cover no engine is present. Creepy to be safe (and here again insert a trouser comment) The storytelling logic fails when the deceased, like a flounder with money and straw stuffed Burt returns to the house. The rest of the group is there, robbing him and realizing that he is indeed dead and gutted and how a flounder is filled with money and straw. Dead Burt, however, manages to endure quite a fight, grabs a guy by the mouth and pushes him through a window, forcing him to bite off more than he could chew in a greedy scene. At this point you would think they were running out of the house and returning to the plane - but no, they decide to stay and seek the rest of the money. In fact, the whole Burt episode is treated fairly factually, although a bright light bulb in the group argues, "Burt went dead around Chrissakes!" <br /> <br /> The stolen money Suddenly the grounds in front of the house appear and the crooks go to the bait cheerfully. Soon another of them, Jack, will be dispatched, and again the scene is good and terrible, with a blunt hand saw and no anesthesia. Now there are three scarecrows that cause chaos, and one of them literally needs a hand. <br /> <br /> When one of the crooks sees the scarecrows and Jack gets scarecrows, he starts screaming and runs hell, firing his weapon in a typical para-military manner. So much for all the training under pressure. He meets with the others and stays in his tracks to explain why he screams as hell runs away and shoots his weapon, though the scarecrows seem to be following him. Again this script-logic thing ... Jack is dead and haggard, returns to the house and follows the Screamer with the usual results. By the way, if you hear Jack's demonic growl, you can tell by his age that it's the same monster noise that is commonly heard in the Lost In Space TV episodes. The last two survivors run out of the house and back on the plane, barely able to escape. But do you need to see the movie to find out.
