I saw SCARECROWS because of the humming that surrounds it. Well, I can not imagine anyone likes this movie because it's just bad, bad, bad. <br /> <br /> It's obvious that the guy who made this movie knows nothing about horror. The whole story is an unsuccessful combination of two genres: action movie (guns and criminals) and horror (living scarecrows). When the criminals are gradually killed by the posh-looking scarecrows, the two genres automatically pick up because, first, they are criminals and are interested in criminals, and second, because they are stupid criminals! Tracking zombie scarecrows just does not work here. Where is the horror in it? I wanted the criminals to die horrible, painful deaths. <br /> <br /> But the story is so poorly constructed that this combination of genres that could have worked out in the first place will NEVER be gelled. We're just left with a bunch of super dense criminals and a bunch of scarecrows that are "alive" for some bland reason the filmmakers came up with. Even worse is the fact that the cinematography is terrible (TV like) and, even worse, whole bundles of dialogue are displayed on CBs, and we constantly hear indecent dialogue being talked about as separate pictures, as if we were seeing some kind of from radio broadcast. This part was really bad. The director should have been shot on the spot because he had such a stupid idea! I can not tell you how annoying that was. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned earlier, the criminals in SCARECROWS are surprisingly stupid. For example, when someone suddenly guts out of his huge open wound and is filled with money and straw (yep, straw), the others ask, "What drug does he have?" after shooting tons of bullets into him that were unable to kill him (he was "zombied" by the scarecrows.) Do not ask ...). Get a damn clue, idiots. I have never seen such stupid people in a movie. And then there's the girl. I wish one of the scarecrows killed her quickly because she was in pain. When she realizes that her father is nailed to a scarecrow "cross", she actually accuses the criminals in an embarrassing scene (bad spectacle), although the criminals could not have done that. What a fool she was! However, the scarecrows are the biggest weakness in this very weak movie. They are not scary. Not much is said about them. They are just a plotter in this movie filled with plotter devices. <br /> <br /> Mr. Wesley, who films the face of a scarecrow for 30 seconds without a break, unloads nothing but boredom. And this scene with the talking head in the fridge. Thanks for the laughter. All in all, this was one of the worst movies I've seen lately (and I've seen a lot of movies lately!) KILLER or SCARECROWS, I'd rather watch SILO KILLER. Yes, SCARECROWS is so bad.
