You will receive a gift. It is exquisitely packed. The box in which she is located is handmade from the finest wood and shows skill down to the smallest detail. This is then wrapped in beautiful paper, hand-crafted and hand-painted by the most talented artists. The whole is wrapped with ribbons of fine silk lace. It is a sight. <br /> <br /> Then cut off the ribbon, tear off the paper, open the box and find ... nothing. This is TOYS. Either you enjoy the packaging or forget it. <br /> <br /> The movie is not futile: war is not a good thing. Well, is not it original? The moral is so obvious that it's almost embarrassing to even point it out. And even this faint insight is undercut by a story in which elements of war toys - especially war toys - are clearly bad until they need an exciting climax and the movie simulates a war with innocent toys. It's as if someone is preaching a stern, condescending sermon just to say, "Just a joke." <br /> <br /> But even as an empty box, the film fails on closer inspection. Yes, it is a remarkable sight with remarkable, striking pictures. The sets are imaginative and the cinematography captures the colorful scenes with skill. But the pictures are cold and emotionally sterile. Like the script, the look of the film is joyless and sometimes aesthetically unfruitful and surreal. It's a movie that wants to praise toys as wonderful and special things, but shows them as creations of a world that is empty and cold. The movie tries to be funny, but the humor is forced and artificial. Robin Williams, as the beleaguered heir of a toy-making empire, throws in his ad-lib ticket, which only seems alien to the bizarre, cold-structured world he inhabits. Indeed, the thematic references and tasteless sexual allusions scattered throughout contradict the childish fable that the film tries to be vague. For this movie to work or make sense, it must be placed in its own universe, an Oz, far from Kansas. Every time the jokes return to reality, the toy land of the movie becomes more and more obvious. It is said that this was the favorite project of director Barry Levinson, which he set himself the goal for ten years. Unfortunately, it is obvious why he had difficulty in resigning. Like most pet projects that are eventually made (RADIOLAND MURDERS, RADIO FLYER & BATTLEFIELD: EARTH are excellent examples), this seems to be a blind spot in the filmmaker's field of vision. Maybe Levinson TOYS was leading and guiding in his head so many times that he had no fresh vision for it when he finally stepped into the stage. He had already perfected it to death. <br /> <br /> Many of the toys featured in the film are awkward, mechanical and roll-up monstrosities. That's the movie itself.
