Ridiculous fuzz that reinforces his error by trying to have meaning. Joan, this time as a congressman, Agatha Reed, chairwoman of a committee dedicated to the "Investigation of High Food Prices". Says Congressman Reed: "The housewife has been toying for too long, I'm going to fight long enough for the American family to go on holiday once a year, watch a movie every week and occasionally feed peanuts an elephant." She's all on business, but anything but spoiled when she's been honored with an honorary title from Good Hope College, where she was disfellowshipped for the crime of staying out all night (the parallel to Joan's real life is here, just like all Joan, unmistakable) movies). The degree causes much consternation on the campus ("That would make him the most open-minded institution in the history of education!")? Joan is not aware of this when she arrives. College President Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young at his finest, happens to be Joan's former teacher? and lovers. She spent the night with * him * all those years ago, but Joan thought it would be better to just disappear instead of explaining to the skeptical college that they were getting married. Of course, this top-class event will be covered by the * Life * magazine. and who is the photographer? Another one of Joan's old lovers? She had dealt with this in China "during the war," and he believes that Joan could get into trouble with her old flame. Eve Arden, who plays Joan's assistant "Woodie", is the leader in her film and the smartest one? with her funky and unnecessary remarks that would make her dismiss her job if you did not like her so much. But not only do you like Eva in it, as in all her roles, you love her. She's so funny and just like that, you want to pay her just to hang out and be one of the guys. When Joan cries when she arrives at her alma mater, Eve says it looks "wild". But Joan says others might just see a cluster of buildings, she, Joan, sees teens? Even at 18 "eager, expectant, a little scared and asks," What is life? What am I? "But if we're really into Joan at 18, the truth can be a little different. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the biggest problem when watching a Joan movie. You can call their characters as you like, but it's always Joan, all the time. Since Joan is always herself, one can easily do without the names of the characters. It's just that it gets confusing when Joan tries to say something obviously untrue, like her description of herself at 18 ?? When we know that Joan was at the age of 18 several times near the block. Many men had called her eager, and as far as she expected, she had had multiple abortions by that time. But that's a personal problem and I digress, but I just wanted to explain why I like things like "and then Joan?" Legend. This or That or "We see Joan as ..." when we are not watching a home movie. <br /> <br /> There's an unintentionally funny moment when Joan gets the Clara Bow doll she left behind college? The fast arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporaries. This is a transparent trick that makes us believe that Joan is much younger than she actually looks. It fails. What also fails is an attempt at political correctness in the early 1950s. Throughout history, Joan has written a book on free speech and made a film (no, not about the plumber), and it attracts the attention of a campus radical of the early 1950s. his views, which are shockingly similar to those of Joan. This is where the film mysteriously becomes a moral story - a weak one to be sure, but perhaps the only thing that prevents it from being forgotten.
