This movie was so bad that I do not know if I should laugh or cry. I had high hopes for horror testing this year, which was also the first year I visited Horrorfest, and I have to say that Horrorfest and all his films raise false advertising to a whole new level. A big compliment to the advertisers, because I'm sure they got a lot of people into spending money and seeing those movies this year. The Hamiltons were by far the worst I've ever seen (the others I saw were Unrest, Dark Ride and Reincarnation). The cover and trailer of the movie made it seem as if a family of cannibals were terrorizing the neighborhood, which I thought was a pretty interesting act, only to be disappointed in the end when it found out it was a story who talked about the transition of a boy into an age vampire. That's why the drama in this movie gets through before any horror feeling. And to make the story even more ridiculous, they add a couple of horny twins who can not wait to "bite" each other, and in the cellar is a deadly creature that, if I found out, would have something out of it If the mystery had not been revealed at the very end of the film, I would have left the theater halfway in the film. <br /> <br /> Complete money and time wasting. Cut forty minutes out of this movie and make him an episode in a series like Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural, and he would have received more praise. Absolute garbage! So bad that I have to return to IMDb two years later and write a review, because I still remember it as one of the worst movies I've ever seen. As you read this, you should stay away from the rest of horror movies in the future. You can usually rent them from Blockbusters or watch them online online. Horrorfest shows films by independent filmmakers who do not make it to the big screen, and all that junk about "stuff not shown to you in cinemas," they did not relate to blood or guts or horror ... they were referring to the movies themselves. Because they are awful. Think of Horrorfest as a lesser known version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror movies. <br /> <br /> Excuse all the hatred, but think twice before cheating on your money the next time.
