The Hamiltons tell the story of the four Hamilton siblings, the teenage Francis (Cory Knauf), the twins Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) and Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens), as well as the oldest David (Samuel), who is now the acting proxy parent. The Hamilton moves a lot, Franics is not sure why & is not dissatisfied with the way. The fact that his brother's siblings abducted, locked up, and murdered in the basement also does not help relax or calm Francis' nerves. Francis knows something is wrong and when he finally finds out that things really are not the same ... <br /> <br /> Co-producer, co-producer and director of Mitchell Altieri & Phil Flores The Butcher Brothers (the only other film director so far being the remake of April Fool's Day (2008), enough), was one of the "Films to Die For" at the After Dark Horror Festival in 2006 (and what it's called) and in just about everyone else I've seen, I thought, that the Hamiltons were total and total crap. I found the character really poor, very unlikely, and the slow-moving story has not caught my imagination or kept my interest for too long for 85 and a half minutes. There is the terrible twist at the end where I had to laugh out loud. There's a really big extension for what's in a closet in Hamilton's basement, and it turns out it was a little boy with a teddy bear. Is that really going to scare us? Should that really shock us? Is it really something that should make us talk about it as final credits? Is a harmless-looking boy the best "twist" end the creators could bring? The boring story disappears, it's never clear where the Hamiltons get all their money for buying new houses, because none of them seem to work (except David in a slaughterhouse and I doubt that it pays much) or why they do not get caught were before. The script tries to mix dramatic horror every day. It's just a daunting task to combine the two so that none of the aspects are memorable or effective. A really bad movie about which I have trouble saying something good. <br /> <br /> Although written and directed by the extreme-sounding Butcher Brothers, there are no nerves here, there's a bit of blood spatter and a few scenes of girls chained in a cellar, but nothing to themselves with could not do a bottle of tomato ketchup and a camcorder at home. The film is not scary and since it is a very bourgeois suburb, there is no atmosphere or mood here. There is a lesbian and incest kiss, but The Hamiltons is low on the exploitation scale and there is not much here for the horror crowd. Filmed in Petaluma, California, this looks like a modern low-budget look not badly done, but rather forgotten. The act of an unknown (for me) actor is not something to write home about & I can not say that I have ever felt anything for someone. <br /> <br /> The Hamiltons commit the main sin of being boring and boring, which never recovers. Add to that an ultra-thin story, not a gore, a garbage guy & a character you do not turn to & you have a movie that did not impress me at all.
