Imagine this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". It's based in Hawaii, it's an action / adventure drama, lots of scenes with boats and palm trees, polyester fabrics and flashy shirts ... it even plays the character actor "Zulu" in a supporting role. Oh, there are a few minor differences - Roy Thinnes is said to be an agent of first cover, and the side cast is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) already existed at the time and had been running for years. The market demand for crime thrillers based in Hawaii has been pretty well filled. Code Name: Diamond Head may have been intended as H50, as the older series has waned over time ... but it appears as a superfluous, 2nd rate copy. It's not shit, but it's totally derivative and does not do anything as good as the original. <br /> <br /> There is some decent acting talent involved. Thinnes is an old pro and he gives the role the best punch and he is not bad. But Thinnes is only as good as his material and director. Ian McShane is here as a nasty espionage guy called "Tree", and McShane is usually the most interesting actor in every scene in which he appears. But he calls his role here. Frances Ngyuen looks somewhat exotic, but her amazing skin, opaque features, thick accent, and wood delivery are not the stuff dreams are made of. Relying on her to provide Thinnes' "romantic interest" was probably the biggest mistake of the series. At least for a series aimed at white spectators who had grown up with Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as goddesses of love. Give her another 30 pounds and a year with a dialogue / voice trainer, and she could cut it. Zulu is, as always, his usual joy of small parts, but he is not a person who can carry a feature alone. <br /> <br /> Moreover, the storyline and dialogue are organized strictly in numbers, which sets them apart from any other Quinn Martin production. At that point, American TV audiences had seen a lot of QM productions ... I think "CN: DH" was one too many, and it went down without a trace. It was not really the guilt of the actors, and I hope they got away with a decent paycheck and another entry on their CVs. <br /> <br /> MST3000 has revived this for their sixth season treatment, and they had a lot of fun doing it. It pays to look into this version if you like the MST approach to Filmjapery and Lampoon, but I can not imagine anyone interested in this pilot for any other reason.
