As already mentioned, this movie is similar to THE FLY (both versions) and the lesser-known sci-fi movie ALTERED STATES. The big difference is that these two films were made by people who knew what they were doing and were good at. METAMORPHOSIS did not have these benefits. METAMORPHOSIS is a possibly interesting science fantasy story in which the wrong people were responsible and the wrong actors played the roles. The story follows the scientist dr. Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), an obsessed man who works on a genetic cure for aging and death. When the university he works for threatens to cut funding, he decides to inject the anti-aging serum. As a result, Dr. Houseman the rest of the movie slowly turning into a lizard. And oh yes, it is a great pleasure to watch the good doctor as he becomes this lizard. It is really so bad that it is good. Some of the lines are classic: "What was that?" "A nightmare ... from the past!" <br /> <br /> Many of the reviews I've read for this point show how stupid and ridiculous the last five minutes of this movie are. I'll just go on and ruin it: The good doctor turns from a slippery half-lizard to a man who seems to be in a rejected Godzilla costume when the police finally whirl him. In the final scene, you see a hideous child with a small pet lizard that he claims will never die, and movie heroine Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov) obviously decides that the little lizard is the final incarnation of Dr. Houseman is. The camera then shows us the lizard face in close-up; I assume that the director shows us that the lizard is evil. Yes, it is stupid, but I was angry with laughter so I can not complain. <br /> <br /> I saw this movie because it was part of the Chilling Classics 50 Movie Megapack I bought. I'm sure many of you reading this will do the same, as the 50 pack is the only way to watch this movie on DVD. If you recently bought the box set and have not seen this movie yet, it's well worth your while, even though I've just ruined the end for you. It is also possible to find this movie online for free.
