"Metamorphosis" has a tiny cult value because George Eastman wrote and directed it. This Italian guy is more or less the personification of male sin and played a major role in almost every rancid Joe D'Amato production of the late 70's / early 80's. Would not it be interesting for avid buyers of Euro-Kult to own the only movie directed by the man who was naked all the time in "Erotic Nights of the Living Dead"? I also thought! Unlike the films he starred in, Eastman's own "Metamorphosis" is somewhat disappointing in the Gore & Sleaze sections. There are a handful of bad murders, cheesy monster effects and nude female bodies (a guest appearance by Sleaze-Queen Laura Gemser!), But it's mostly a talkative movie. The handsome and eloquent Dr. Houseman is about to make a scientific breakthrough in his research into human DNA codes when suddenly the university he works for threatens to break off his money. He developed a theory for decoding genes and blocking the human aging process. However, if he does not submit detailed reports shortly, his research will be discontinued. Dr. Houseman does what any intelligent scientist would do, and injects the untreated serum into his own veins. Needless to say (and as the title implies), it slowly turns into a murderous monster that actually ages much faster! In other words, his research was shit! Like the other reviewers, this film also borrows many ideas from David Cronenberg's The Fly. The dramatic romantic treat included - but does not add any independence. The big difference is that you constantly feel connected to Jeff Goldblum's character in "The Fly," while Dr. Houseman becomes another monster that needs to be destroyed as fast as possible. The aspect of the rapid aging syndrome also reminded me of Ruggero Deodato's sadly underrated Giallo "Phantom of Death", only the protagonist in this film inherited the disease and did not burden it with himself. However, the physical deterioration of the carriers is in both films very similar. Few fears or excitement to discover here, instead, the film offers a lot of bad spectacle, poor lighting, lousy editing and a very delayed climax. Feel free to skip this one.
