If you have a bad day or a bad week. If you are looking for a movie that will make you laugh and forget about your problems. I do not think Role Models is this movie for you. <br /> <br /> The film revolves around Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott). Two juice promoters who go to schools to promote the product kids stay drugs and more juice. But Danny has the worst week ever and crashes his company car. Wheeler is sitting next to him. His soon-to-be girlfriend ex-girlfriend Beth (Elizabeth Banks), a lawyer, can avoid imprisoning her by spending hours doing community service and volunteering to work with a big brother named Sturdy Wings, led by Gayle (Jane Lynch). Wheeler belongs to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson), who is 10 years old, and has a mouth like Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse), who likes to dress like a knight and fight like in the Middle Ages. But will that be good for Danny and Wheeler, or will they be better in jail? <br /> <br /> Okay, I will not beat around the bush, this movie was in many ways very uncomfortable. The Ronnie character who heard these bad words from a young child was very shocking. If he was a little older, it would not have been that much. I mean, what did his parents think when they signed him? Elizabeth Bank's character is so unsurpassed, maybe I should feel bad for her character, but I did not feel anything because she is unpredictably portrayed as a woman played in such types of comedies. And Jane Lynch, which is the worst of the worst. It delivers the overreactive performance of all time. To play a former drug addict who looks like she's still taking drugs. When I heard her giving this annoying dialogue, I wanted to throw my head against the wall. Seann William Scott plays another Stifler character again, he should really try to break up, and this movie will not do it. And the more Scott tries to be funny, it keeps him from being funny. <br /> <br /> But now, Paul Rudd, on the other hand, I will part with the others in the movie because he manages to deliver a solid performance, though he does not laugh any higher, but he is the most interesting character from the rest. Reason Rudd does not overwrite and does not try it that much. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse can be seen. But the rest of the movie is so stupid that sometimes he takes off. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. It's a reminder that this kind of comedy is not trying anything new, because they still do not risk anything. Role models are an example of this.
