(Only smaller spoilers, except as indicated). <br /> <br /> I have enjoyed a lot of Spanish cinema lately. both the real Spanish cinema of people like Almodovar and the Latin American cinema of directors like del Toro, whose brilliant "Devil's Backbone" playing in the civil war in Spain was the best horror movie of the last decade. So it's no surprise that this movie works well and works well and maintains that typical Spanish atmosphere. But it's also such a nasty and pointless movie as you can hope to not be seen. <br /> <br /> What is the purpose of all this? We have no idea what caused the spooky main character to die, though many narrative voices come directly from his own narcissistic journal. In a routinely unpleasant opening sequence set more than a decade ago, we see that the central character kills his girlfriend in a rage of jealousy and control freaky ("if I can not have you?"). Oddly enough, this may be one of the best sequences in the movie, but it has no discernible relation to his subsequent bloodlust, which appears completely different in motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison to bring about this change? We have no idea, although later we find out later, as an absurdity, that he obtained a law degree during his detention. In the UK in several of our notorious "serial killer" or "sex" killer cases, the terrible question arises; what about the woman? Did she or suspected she was what was going on? This is a question that this movie should have asked and, indeed, the woman begins to evolve as one of the more intriguing figures, but banal the answer to the question is quite clear: "No, she does not have." Even if such a dramatic opportunity is offered on a plate, the film can All that we have actually outlined in the end is their slightly amoral willingness to redeem the proceeds after the event, compare it to the terrible moment of revelation at Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says, "You know What I mean? "She sealed her own fate and allowed us a horrified look into unimaginable abysses of suppressed knowledge and horror. <br /> <br /> (g large spoiler in this section). In the meantime, let us believe that the killer himself is a criminal thinker who outwits the police extensively, ensuring the shortest incarceration in a mental hospital before he is released so he can kill again. How exactly did he achieve that? The plot becomes extremely sketchy at this point; something to do with deliberately leaving specific clues for the police; But how it all works or why, or how the subsequent lawsuit actually works, remains a mystery. <br /> <br /> I do not think serial killers are like that. The silence of the lambs may be comic stuff, but ?? Lecturer aside ?? it fixes its serial killers. They are deeply disturbed, deeply dysfunctional, profoundly inappropriate. not the creepy charming mastermind presented here (closely related to the equally implausible brave killer of The Last Horror Movie or even Man Bites Dog, though it has apparently not been noticed that this was a satire) /> This film has little Excitement and astonished, what little intrigue the plot could have produced. There is nothing meaningful to say about the motives of serial killers, either in general or in Spain's specific cultural milieu. This is nothing but a badly planned excuse to show women quite misogynistic violence. And, strangely enough, what makes this violence even more repulsive is some biting nerve failure, even when presented. The soft core of what is actually shown makes it even more repulsive. A single explicit shot, properly timed, would have been infinitely more shocking and would have made the rest completely redundant, leaving more time for the film to work out the gaping holes in plot and characterization. Instead, we get endless shots of young women wondering at their pretty, but revealing underwear on a table. Very, very scary. I'm sorry to be rude. I love horror movies and can handle even the most extreme, even disturbing my partner. But I think anyone who finds this movie good or interesting would even dissuade me. The purpose of a horror movie is to scare you; that's just lascivious. <br /> <br /> It leaves a very bad taste in the mouth. I have to give this movie more than a star just because it was performed competently, but morally it does not deserve any and should never have been done.
