Disappearance takes place in the Mojave Desert, as Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey) and their two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) along with Ethan (Jamie Croft), a friend of the family On the way, they stop at a street restaurant and ask for an old abandoned mining town on the map called Weaver. Nobody claims to have heard of it, but it's definitely there and the family decides to go around to try it out and take pictures. Once in town, take some photos and look around, but when it's time to leave the car, they will not be able to leave and they'll spend the night there. As they look around, they find a videocassette they only play to find footage of a frightened woman who says all her friends disappeared the next morning. Your car has disappeared, because things take a very sinister turn. What's the secret of Weaver? Will the Henleys ever leave there alive? <br /> <br /> Written, co-operatively produced and directed by Walter Klenhard. I have to say that Disappearance is one of the most frustrating movies I've ever seen. It was a pretty good, mysterious mix of thriller and horror movie for the first 85 minutes, but then we get connected to one of the worst parts of movie history. The script points to many different things, but never executed or confirmed. I was really interested in what was going on, the mysterious disappearance of the family cars, the four youngest tombs, the thing in the abandoned mines, the supernatural sandstorm, the sudden & inexplicable disappearance of Ethan & his equally inexplicable reappearance, the eerie motives of Sheriffs, the crazy compass in the car, the crashed plane, the citizens who deny Weaver, and the possible side effects of a neutron bomb were dropped near Weaver in the 1940s. But they are all thrown out the window and for everything we do know, could have been completely random events. Everything was going well and was prepared for a big turn, but none was expected and instead I was treated to the most ambiguous, strange, surreal and frustrating ending that was possible. If not otherwise, the ending contradicts much of what has gone before, leaving the viewer with more questions than answers. It's almost as if the creators had these great ideas, but they did not know what to do with them and put an end to it. I just felt like I was trying so hard to watch the movie, which sometimes can be pretty slow without reward. The end felt more like a kick in the teeth or a good two-finger greeting! <br /> <br Director Klenhard is doing a decent job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere and the vast, expansive deserts give a good sense of isolation. It's done well, but what did you think with this ending? Nothing fits, nothing makes sense and it's just a huge frustrating mess that, after looking through it for almost an hour and a half, you're confused and want to know more. Although it's a horror movie, there's no blood or blood, though there are a few scary moments here. The film is actually reminiscent of the remake of The Hills Have Eyes (2006) for large parts, as this is the film's bizarre ending that can not hurt the movie. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good with high production values, good special effects, sets, locations and cinematography. Shot in America, but filmed in South Australia. Acting is good from a decent cast. <br /> <br /> Disappearance is a really strange movie that's turning into a little, horror mystery thriller for a long time, but it never explains anything that really happens and that really surreal. The end raises more questions than Answer to. I really can not see anyone making head or tail out of it, I really can not.
