Disappearance is about a couple who take their family on vacation in New Mexico and after a detour on the highway into a city that was apparently abandoned in 1948 for unknown reasons. The city of Weaver seems harmless at first and has a tourist appeal until the family stranded there overnight and has a good reason to believe that others have experienced the same predicament with fatal consequences. The Henleys watch a Blair Witch Project video diary of the city's last victim, which ironically demonstrates the best performance of all in this film. Although the appearances of Hamlin and Dey are much better than those of the supporting casts, their emotional impact throughout the movie seems to me to be "flat." Disappearance appeals to most of the movie as there is a lot of excitement and direction. However, the plot makes unexpected and implausible turns that seem to make no sense. Worse still, that there really is no understanding of what exactly is going on in the movie, which makes the bizarre ending less bearable. It seemed to me that the filmmakers concentrated so much on making exciting scenes that they threw away all the elements of good storytelling: plot development, gradual explanation of themes and symbols that lead to a coherent solution / outcome. <br /> <br /> The most difficult aspect of the film for me was that the first three-quarters of it was spent to build up tension and curiosity about certain aspects of the plot, which were then suddenly eliminated as if we were not doing it. It deserves an explanation: <br /> <br /> What significance did the Indian symbols have on the walls? What happened to the original Weaver people? What was the connection to the people at dinner? What did the sheriff know? What did the missing boy discover if something happened? <br /> <br /> This was a bad move, I think, because it caused some resentment. I've invested a lot of thinking in hypotheses to give some plausible explanations for some of those twists and weird events just so the filmmakers just finish them without giving an answer to those things. These are some nice cliffhangers for the end of a mini-series that will resume next week, but a completely frustrating and inappropriate ending to a stand-alone movie.
