This production never really got going for me. The plot is cut so that it is incoherent and the production is so brief that if you have not read the novel or seen a better adaptation (like the 1995 with Amanda Root), you have lost something because there is no time for character development. <br /> <br /> I liked Sally Hawkins as Anne, but the rest of the cast lagged behind what she should have been. Mrs. Croft was far too old, as was Anne's older sister Elizabeth. Mary expressed it all in such throbbing accents that the general drowsiness and selfishness of her character was lost. Better was Sophie Thompson's Mary, whose egoism and abuse are so well-established that Wentworth beats Anne to the injured Louisa and Mary objects that she should instead remain as the sister-in-law of Louisa. I can not imagine that anyone is less suitable for this. In this version, it might as well stay because it is not sufficiently distinguished from all others in the production. Rupert Penry-Jones is nice to look at, but he has made a much better St. John Rivers (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because this character requires a lesser depth of feeling. I agree with the comments made earlier on the gig scene: it seemed more like trying to get rid of Anne than doing a favor. Likewise the scene of the accident: It happens so fast and with so little context, that one wonders what the whole hustle and bustle is about. The speech that Wentworth heard in the novel, to bring to the beginning of this production, is a critical misstep, which only contributes to the disparity of the screenplay. <br /> <br /> My other problem with this version was the lighting. Sometimes everything looked like a scene from the CSI morgue - very, very blue. At other times, the lighting was so poor that it was difficult to see the scene very well, as Anne was visiting her old school friend Mrs. Smith (who, by the way, was more or less paralyzed) to Anne on the street to take her from To tell Mr. Elliot's awful character was such an injury that for a minute I could not think who she was-I thought she was one of the Musgrove girls, and she could have. All the girls were pretty interchangeable. And the running scene in the end ... at a time when decorum was of the utmost importance, it's hard to imagine gentle Anne pulling through Bath like a crazy hoyden. How stupid can you become? This is a pity. Sally Hawkins had everything a good Anne Elliot had to offer, but she was completely undermined by a poorly-organized script and an over-the-top staging.
