I love Jane Austen's stories. I've only read two of them (P & P and S & S), but after seeing this adaptation, I reach for "Persuasion" from my bookshelf, just to make sense of the story, and also because I'm Jane Do not want to believe Austen could have written such nonsense. For me, I thought that backing a movie to a Jane Austen novel does not go wrong. By default, it will be pretty good. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> First, where are the characters that you sympathize with and that you like? They must have at least a sympathetic character in order to get the audience to invest their emotions in them, and this did not work. Sure, I wanted Anne and Wentworth to get together, but just because that's why the story is coming from, is coming together. Instead, I had to resist the urge to throw my teacup on the TV and watch it through to the end. Anne was annoying through and through, and in the end I have no idea why Wentworth was. She was so thrilled with her that there seemed to be nothing he was attracted to. She was mild-mannered, boring, socially inept and like a sheep she followed the instructions of everyone else and did not have her own mind. This can still work for a main character if you are doing well. This was not done well. <br /> <br /> The other characters showed only varying degrees of narcissism, of which Mary was the worst, with a full-blown narcissistic personality disorder. Where Mrs. Bennet had similar flaws in P & P, she was still popular, while Mary was more of a freak show. More disgusting than funny. Wentworth looked very good and looked like a decent guy. For most of the story I was just wondering what kind of person he was and why he loves Anne. He's certainly the guy who wants a person who's a little more alive ... alive? Actually, not too much to say, as I responded more to the depicted characters than to how good / bad the characters were. Anthony Head was excellent, but as soon as I saw that he was there, I expected no less. <br /> <br /> The story was also very confusing. It was not until the end of the film, as if Elizabeth was not Anne's stepmother, but actually a sister (I'm still not 100% on it). The whole Anne / Wentworth backstory was also a bit out of focus. They had been together, but then they split up and they are both bitter about it? From where? I've been wondering for a long time, and the explanation seemed to be like dropping it because somebody talked you into it. But it was said, incidentally, that it was almost missed, as if it was somehow unimportant. How can it be unimportant if it is the heart of the story? There was also a lot of name, but no real sense of who the characters were. This Louisa person, for example, who was she? A friend? Family? What? It was not made very clear who the different characters are and what relationship they have with each other. Lady Russell was there a lot, but why? Mrs. Croft and Wentworth were brother and sister, which felt very unrealistic when Mrs. Croft looked old enough to be his mother. but I did not really think about it because I was too busy, "GET ON WITH IT ALREADY !!" the television, because Annes lips were so eternally felt and trembling and trembling, before they actually met Wentworth. Have some hesitation, but only for a few seconds, not half a minute. <br /> <br /> Then there is the problem of camera work. As a normal movie watcher, do not pay attention to angles and the like, unless you choose. I did not make a decision here, but I noticed it anyway. For me, that means the filmmakers do not do a good job. Many conversations were conducted with extreme close-ups, which should only be used if a really important point needs to be addressed. In this adaptation, it was overused and therefore had no meaning. The hand feeling occasionally did not really work in a drama. The camera work in the running scene felt too timely in the end. (Not to mention the race itself.) This was the only Austen adaptation I had caught in the ITV off-season. I wonder if it pays to look at "Northanger Abbey" and "Mansfield Park" or just read the books and leave it at that. Sadly, I have to say that this is a Jane Austen adaptation that I did not enjoy. Maybe I'll look at the 1995 version instead. The BBC are known to have always made beautiful Austen adjustments.
