I did not really want to see this. It seemed to be an old Raj Kanwar film that disgusted me even before I first saw it, because I did not even consider it mediocre as a filmmaker. The only reason I took this is obviously the Shahrukh Khan performance in the movie. I did not even know what the movie was about because I was sure it would just be an ordinary fairy tale. So I imagined a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti, with a significant minor role from Rishi Kapoor, whom I thought would play their father or uncle. And to my shock, Rishi Kapoor is actually the hero! He is the one who romanizes the young Divya! I was sad when I found out that Shahrukh had a small part without substance and only in the second part of this idiotic movie. <br /> <br /> Let me repeat the question again: Why would a 17-year old lovely Divya have fallen for a over 40-pound, chubby, swollen piglet like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed to take over this part; the only thing he did is make a fool of himself. He told a girl who could logically be younger than his own daughter and made things worse - he looks like a teenager in his forties. In addition, he plays a pop star just to make himself miserable ... <br /> <br /> To be clear, I have no problems with actors who are much younger than themselves. As long as they are a compelling one Couple are, there should be no problem. In fact, leading actors have always been cast against young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and have done quite well. I also have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he is a good actor, and his acting in Bobby is still firmly anchored in my heart, but it's not like he's in this movie like Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan look today. <br /> <br /> That was such a disappointment. Oh, and for the reason that everyone has actually seen this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good debut. He surpassed how little his part allowed him. The late Divya Bharti also had a promising debut. If you want to watch this movie, go for the second half only. Personally, I would not do that either.
