I'm not one of those people who leave a movie based on source material and automatically says, "The book was better." I know better than to belittle the value of a movie just because it was not a faithful adaptation. There is a lengthy process and many decisions required to create a film, sometimes beyond the control of the director / publisher / cameraman / producer and certainly the original author. Therefore, it does not make sense to expect that a movie is word for word, book or game, video game or Disneyland Ride or whatever exactly the same. A film should be judged by its own standards and how it fits into society. In addition, a successful film should be created because the material is relevant to the society to which it belongs, and if it is based on source material, its relevance needs to be reviewed and improved by the filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Movies like "There Will Be Blood" follow this paradigm, because while he was founded on a turn-of-the-century novel, "Oil!", he feels like he's on things like that Iraq war and energy issues as relevant to The country of origin of the film, the US, has and is experiencing. Even King Kong, based on the original film, benefits from the use of new technologies and concern for people's animal rights. <br /> <br /> With these words, I just do not understand why they even bothered to shoot this movie? Apart from the great performances, guaranteed Oscar nods and the fees and fees Shanley has earned, the film seems to come out of nowhere. It should have just stayed as a play. The film (which is essentially identical to the play) does not say anything new about the reprehensible sexual atrocities being abducted by the Catholic Church here and abroad. It says nothing new or different from the original game. I can not help but compare this movie with another movie that came out at about the same time: Frost / Nixon, which is also based on a piece. Frost / Nixon, though it is about Nixon's regret, seems relevant, for it seems to have come at a time when President Bush was leaving office. The regret that Nixon had over the war and his presidency, as shown in the play / film, could equally well refer to Bush and his presidency. In this regard, Frost / Nixon seemed to be more relevant and actually benefited from wider distribution via film because people were thinking and thinking about the political status quo at the time. In contrast, Doubt felt as if it were yesterday's news and seemed to offer nothing that the piece did not offer. <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is "good", the performances are great, and the script match is right, but so what? Why did not it just stay a while? Why does it turn into a movie besides marketing and financial reasons? It gave the audience nothing new to discuss about the terrible topic.
