The Oscar season is here, and that means that a whole range of these profound, engaging ensemble films can be found in cinemas all over the cinemas, hoping to win over audiences and have the chance to be Best in the big show To earn picture. Among them is this movie, which is based on a very popular and highly praised piece. The original playwright was actually the author and director of the film adaptation; that comes as a double-edged sword. On the one hand, who could translate the piece better than the original writer? On the other hand, who should not see and fix the mistakes and disadvantages of the play as the original writer himself? Doubt mixes excellent acting and a lot of tension and tension; with a frustrating ending, unnecessary dialogue, questionable direction, and, of course, the inability to provide substantive answers. It is a growing trend among these "high caliber" films not to answer all the questions he asks, and this must stop. The doubt is like a joke without its punchline, like a book missing the last 20 pages, such as the loss of reception during the fourth quarter of a hotly contested football game and the lack of 50 cents to continue and to the arcade game see what happens next. Doubt, just like the previous frustration party No Country For Old Men, does not really end; It does not give us any meaningful answers, nor enough to figure out the end. Yes, that was the intention, but this is not a test of humanity, it's a cop-out. I do not pay money to see an unfinished work, I pay money to see beginning, middle and end and pray that I will not fall asleep during the three acts. We're forced to become the "writers" of the movie by filling in the blank space ourselves, what happened and what's going to happen to the characters we saw when we saw each other shouting at a nun (Meryl Streep) who was very certainly, the popular pastor (Philip Seymour Hoffman) makes sexual progress toward a child who goes to church; the first African American boy in the Catholic Church. Secretly the church is torn apart, whether it commits truly vile sins behind the backs of all people. The plot thickens when some children behave differently, attracting the attention of a young teacher (Amy Adams). The story takes place immediately after the murder of John F. Kennedy, who shook the nation for some time and questioned their belief in humanity and each other. Doubt is the strengths of acting and the ensemble and the ever-captivating tension that builds slowly and never passes. Streep seems to be Oscar-worthy in every role she works in, and here she is no different, as her stern and cold-hearted behavior scares all students and some church staff. Hoffman once again excels as a priest by combining suspicion with a charming personality and a friendly charisma. The seemingly hypocritical personality is difficult to understand, especially if we probably like it and at the same time want to think about it; But Hoffman competes against one of the best actresses of our generation and delivers fantastically. When these two quarrel, you can hear the fireworks without seeing one. But we should not forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law Ad Order) for her excellent job. Doubt's Casting Ensemble is one of the best in 2008. <br /> <br /> As mentioned above, writing and directing ruin this film, especially when the third act subsides. Questions are displayed, but they are not answered. The characters are displayed but do not really improve the appearance. Children behave differently, but we never really know why. There are uncomfortable angles in the camera work and there is no reason for it. John Patrick Shanley, the author of the play, previously had a film in his directorial repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Whether it's sheer arrogance or stupidity, we're determined to see exaggerated sequences of random conversations, annoying chitchat that will never get boring (there was a two-minute discussion about coffee and the priest, thank you, Mr. Shanley /> <br /> Conclusion: The lack of an end is a silly trend as irritating as the presumptuous camera work in action movies, it does not matter that we have a great talented cast or decent cinematography, or a good story being worked on, or a good use of Sound and music because we have a flood of unanswered questions that streak over a movie that lasts more than 100 minutes and has not even finished! The translation from the game to the movie is good and pretty accurate because we are the original crazies behind that Project, but he has taken the mistakes and stupid hiccups from the game in the film in this For decades, there have been a number of blockbuster and high-profile films that could have earned me a much higher score if they had just decided to add a few more minutes of footage and actually end up: Sideways, Cast Away, No Country For Old Men, Burn After Reading are some examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: Stop your stinking movie. Please, or at least give us a lot of clues so we can easily fill the blank (like Wall-It's depressing backstories) instead of staring into space as the credits suddenly start to roll and you have a sense of emptiness, confusion , and emotional torments. Have a beginning, a middle and an end, please !! As a critic, I prefer that my films are whole and not incomplete. The doubt feels incomplete, which is why he receives an incompetent grade. <br /> <br /> Someone has to break this stupid trend.
