The intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) was sentenced to death awaiting execution on a spaceship designed for this purpose. But tonight there will be a jailbreak, and Kol flees to a conveniently placed escape pod and flies to Earth (which is obviously nearby). There he confronts a group of "teenagers" (who look thirty) and a gamekeeper (John Phillip Law), who protect him from his worst nightmare ... the bounty hunter and hangman Androids (or better, "Gynoid") alienator. <br /> <br /> On the cover of the box, I was confident that this would be a horrible movie. But as awful as it was, it was also a lot of fun (probably at least in part, because I saw it with someone just awesome). The director (Fred Olen Ray), who specializes in more than one hundred substandard films (especially "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers"), does what he does best and throws together an action that makes only half sense and us Rudimentary peculiarities has effects. Bonus: P.J. Soles appears (as "Tara"), apparently at a low point in her career. <br /> <br /> Sure, there are action holes. Why are hillbilly rednecks in California (supposedly Los Angeles County, if I understand the warden correctly)? What's up with the roomy woman's sticky blouse? Why is there a subplot about the ship's captain who is forcibly trying to win her heart if that story goes nowhere? What the hell is "Quadrant 5"? How does a chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that short-circuits an Android while land mines do virtually nothing? Why does Kol look like a drunk American soccer player with emphysema? And the Lund guy (Robert Clarke) ... does his character make any sense at all? Does the game he plays with the captain have a point? Does this movie make sense? But the biggest puzzle is the Android (or Gynoid) Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is a "stranger"? Why does it look like Daryl Hannah from "Blade Runner", only much bigger? Because if something is a cyborg, it is part of the human being. But if it's an Android, it's all machine. This was an Android, so there was no reason to make it look human. It could have looked like everything. But the person she designed made her the size of a linebacker, with David Bowie's hair and a leotard that shows me a little too much. If you want to make a female android, is not that the purpose of it being seductive and luring enemies in? Mission does not meet you say beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I've found a big exception. <br /> <br /> If "Mystery Science Theater 3000" still existed today, this movie would be on a very short list of films that must be threatened. <br /> <br /> Beyond the annoying alienator (sorry, Teagan, female weight lifters are disgusting), the movie is fine. Maybe there is no big story and maybe the characters are not really interesting. And maybe the scene with the stag is unbelievably charming for no particular reason - what's the use of a killer robot with a stag? But overall, I liked the movie. I will not pimp it for my friends or go to my local video store to get the latest DVD copy (which I'm sure is packed with amazing special features - not). But I think I spent this movie well, looking forward to similar adventures in the future.
