A uniquely listless music comedy that artificially seeks to combine the then state-of-the-art rock'n'roll explosion with the bourgeois sensibilities of a suburban sitcom. The result is a damn old-fashioned mish-mash that will not satisfy an audience that chooses music, but at least keeps their parents happy. <br /> <br /> A quick look at the promo documentation on the back of the video should give an idea of ​​the content. Tom Ewell is a drunken agent who is dubbed with so few weird skills that you almost expect him to "Hello, I'm home!" The blurb looks like "So funny in" The 7 Year Itch ". It almost sounds like an apology. Which other movie would sell off that a leading player was good at something else? It reads like "So funny in" The 7 Year Itch "... but it's garbage". <br /> <br /> Mansfield, a beautiful girl with alleged 50-inch assets, is unfortunately a bargain basement Monroe with all the acting skills and strange timings of a rotting bells. Their wood delivery in combination with Ewells OTT double takes is what makes this comedy partnership out of Hell. For their part, the sale gives us: "[Jayne Mansfield] whose obvious talents are the cause of many of the movie's biggest laughs!" As you can see, a movie sold with the idea that lead has a big chest is not the most sophisticated. Most of these "humor" are men who literally fall over themselves, break their glasses on the construction site of Mansfield, etc. Only the Freudian nightmare of a protruding milk bottle raises doubts about his "U" certificate On the musical side most players are selected. Would it really matter to you that Eddie Fontaine sees the offer: "I love your eyes, I love your lips, they taste even better than potato chips" in a song called "Cool It, Baby"? Only the brand new Little Richard breaks out of the MOR, though he is forced to sing some of his more paternal songs in a four-minute sequence. And how is it that all the acts sing without a single microphone? Trying satires of the industry are broad and childlike in their conception. Technically, the image was quite advanced, with special effects (including a ghostly Julie London) and deluxe color (now flat and flat.) Artificial, with its bleeding reds and spotty flesh tones resembling a dyed-in film. However, the direction is not excellent and the sound quality is also pretty bad. <br /> <br /> Maybe it's because it's so old. At a time when men still smoked on the screen, vile child actors made adult remarks, and black servants just had to cook and dance. (All this happens here). Some like it hot, The African Queen, Ben Hur and many, many more are examples of films from the time that can still be enjoyed today, so the argument "good at the time" does not really pay. In her heart, the girl can not help It is a cynical and patronizing endeavor that can not stand a close inspection. 10.4. <br /> <br />
