BLACKSNAKE was founded a year before ILSA, SHE-WOLF OF SS, and could easily have been called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF PLANTATION. It has probably inspired the producers of the NS Sexploitation epics to act on their notorious films the same way: A gorgeous, horny, head-strong (but stupid) blonde woman demolishes and kills many people they all hate and see dead want. Looks familiar? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, the producer behind the ILSA films, are good friends and started their careers together. So obviously there is a connection there. When I look at BLACKSNAKE, I can not help but believe that Russ Meyer wanted to do something different than his typical, busty female epics, because XXX movies were all the rage in the mid-70s, and Russ Meyer movies, though they did Filled with nudity and nudity, confusion and violence have never been near real porn. His films have started to look good next to DEEP THROAT and other hardcore porn blockbusters. Meyer knew he could not compete with such films, and BLACKSNAKE is the end result of such a dilemma in his career. He obviously wanted to branch into another unknown area. But BLACKSNAKE bombed in the B.O. and Meyer quickly went back to making VIXEN films, which, while still non-pornographic, were definitely more than any of the previous films. <br /> <br /> It's no wonder BLACKSNAKE was a BO mistake. It's just awful. Trash-o-Rama. Jaw droppingly bad. If you can imagine that, it's a quasi-camping version of slavery. The end result is staggering. One minute, we are in a typical Meyer area: lush, playful and stupid, and in the next minute a very serious meditation on slavery and violence. Huh It just does not work. The aspect of slavery / racism is extremely ill-treated and distinguishes this film into the category of genuine exploitation. But BLACKSNAKE is not as sloppy as ILSA SHE WOLF OF SS and this kind of movies. I can imagine that the fans of the latter were disappointed, which would explain the almost missing interest of Exploitation fans or Russ Meyer fans in this film. Meyer is responsible for the failure of BLACKSNAKE because, and I quote, "It does not have enough breasts in it." I'm sorry, Russ, but the movie is just bad, no breasts or no breasts. But he is right with the low breast rate. Apart from Anouska and the maid, the cast is male. Meyer replaces his usual band of buxom babes with a lot of guys with massive pectoral muscles in the form of anonymous black actors who play the slaves, and the great David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with Anouska's right hand portrayed as a ruthless but clever gay man enjoying the power he has over men, one wonders what Meyer really was trying to do here. BLACKSNAKE stars David Warbeck, who is coveted by Anouska and her right hand. Poor David He is completely upset with the whole experience. He seemed to enjoy making the film, but you can clearly see that sometimes he has no idea what's going on. And then there is Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... for the 70s, not for the 1870s. With her make-up and hair, she looks like a typical 1970s British pin-up baby as a turn-of-the-century dominatrix. And her wardrobe is funny. At one time she actually opens her leather boots! I did not know that they had zippers back then. But the character she plays is really humiliating in itself (no pun intended). It is nothing but a cipher for the object of lust and contempt for all men (and women) on the island. One night, when David and Anouska do it, their annoying slave driver goes into the room, beats David unconscious and tries to rape her, and attacks her wildly. The next day, the slave driver is still working for Anouska and the two pretend that nothing has happened. That's totally ridiculous. If her character had been a real human, Anouska would have whipped the slave driver senseless under any circumstances and kicked his butt off the island. Or even killed him. But the fact that the woman is holding him on her plantation after trying to rape her extends the flimsy story and credibility of the characters to the limit of BLACKSNAKE's strangely unpleasant but eye-catching film. To see in the wreck diversity. I just could not help but see the movie for the completely unfounded aspects (the excellent cinematography makes it easier to see them). Since this is a commercial film, it has probably managed to do what it should do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russ Meyer completists.
