At a time when the constitution and principles upon which the United States was founded were trampled by a government desperately trying to distract attention from its own internal problems, such as the Geneva Convention, human rights and foreign sovereignty Involuntarily discarded, a thriller is about to take over the state Illegal acts that far exceed those of the terrorists who fight them may seem appropriate. But if you want to watch a movie about it, instead try Ed Zwick's flawed THE SIEGE, because NADA is one of the most infantile "political" thrillers ever made. Like Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director has adopted a theme that he seems to ignore completely, and he pushes his ignorance into almost every area. <br /> <br /> His terrorists are an unbelievably unconvincing group of stereotypes - Fabio Testi dresses as if he were in favor of the MAD magazine 'Spy vs.'. Spy 'audition, Michel Duchaussoy behaves like an absurd KIDS IN THE HALL, by the sociology professor of Hell, Mariangela Melato, a revolutionary mid-sized cardboard wannabe that appeals to each and every unconvincing action becomes as if it were would like to get caught. The corrupt authorities are doing a little better, but they are still painted with little convincing strokes. <br /> <br /> It is possible to make an intelligent film about stupid people (see ELECTION), but this is a moronic film about stupid people made by people who believe they are intellectuals who are on the masses come to speak. Transforming Testi, Duchaussoy, and Melato with Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville, and Shannon Tweed would actually increase the film's intellectual content rather than diminish it. Chabrol could do this I got away with his characters and events only if he took them seriously, but his staging is so incapable (the fight scenes would embarrass a kindergarten class, while the shooting of the abduction is more inappropriate than the abduction itself) and his inability to get his cast with at least one approach to recognizable human behavior that is so blatant that it is actually embarrassing to watch (especially notable here is Duchaussoys: so very good in Chabrol's QUE LA BETE MUERE that he's amazing here in a performance bad is so far over that he's back.) <br /> <br /> Chabrol made some good movies, but you would never guess it from this amateurish mess - a new arrival in his work would never be another wanting to watch films from him would be a great shame. Absolute excitement and a sad waste of a potentially interesting material. Every tenth star - and that is very generous.
