I've looked at a few episodes of this series and found certain elements of it quite interesting, given the medical facts that can be learned. However, this is completely staged and destroyed by the infinite immoral relationships of the characters of the show. Everyone seems to have slept with almost everyone, even during office hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. There does not seem to be a solid, lasting marriage or relationship throughout the show - all broken and searching for books - barely a reflection of all Americans. In fact, there is absolutely no respect for marriage or monogamy, and it is truly fulsome. <br /> <br /> Then we are confronted with endless little moral "dilemmas" and they are generally resolved so that everyone deters someone who does not agree with the omniscient degenerate management and staff of the private practice. For example, in one of the latest episodes, we see a very rare situation for a baby born to an insecure gender, and Addison definitely rejects the operation because we later decide the baby's sex. Anyone who does not agree will be portrayed as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> And I think that anyone who opposes abortion is offended by the way the show treats pro-lifers. Addison added that no man was allowed to speak on the subject, and only a black character was given dignity if he refused abortion for moral reasons. The general feeling was, if you resist abortion, you're a freak - hardly the popular mood in the US. Two of the main characters on the show casually mention that they had abortions when they were younger and did not have to apologize or regret, although research has shown that women can experience severe depression. In addition, a young girl comes for an abortion in the clinic and thanks the staff on the way out. Somebody talks about how they helped this young person and it was like something was happy. The script could have been written Planned Parenthood. All in all, this is a cheap show that lacks a lot of future, unless it decides to showcase more real relationships than just totally incredible soap opera relations and far-fetched medical situations all over the country whole show ,
