The Choke begins with a rock band called The Choke, which prepares for a performance at a nightclub called "Club 905", led by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Singer Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to announce to the other band members, bassist London (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that they are both solo and their services are gone needed. Once in the club, Dylan prepares, but Mike does not show up and the gig turns into disaster. When the band feels that things can not get any worse, they find a corpse in the basement that all the doors have been locked so that they can not come out and that they can not trust anyone, as a mysterious killer starts picking them ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by: Juan A. Mas The Choke is a standard teen slasher who has nothing to offer. The screenplay by Jessica Dolan & Susannah Lowber (not too many horror movies of ladies ...) has some surprisingly good characters and some nice dialogues, but it's a lot better than many modern recordings with a camcorder-type horror in this regard it's so slow and boring that even a few interesting characters can not get close to saving it. As you would expect, all the usual teen slasher clichés are used, from the isolated environment where the victims can not escape, the performers of handsome teenagers who split up again and again, a few murders and a really bad end trying to imitate something like Scream (1996) & surprisingly, but it does not make much sense to think logically about it (some of the things they really should not have done), and to make matters worse, I assumed who That was The killer was pretty early and although I do not want to boast, I was just right. Add to that the fact that the makers of The Choke felt that the audience would be entertained if they were showing endless scenes (well, it feels like endless while they watch it), when teenagers are walking through dark corridors and do not do anything special. I'm sorry, but there are only so many scenes like this that I can take before it gets boring. The number of killings is low. First they decide to stay together (good idea), but then they just decide to split up and go their separate ways (bad idea if there is a killer). The tempo is lethargic. The kill scenes are unimaginative and to top it off, the end of the twist is bad. <br /> <br /> Director Mas is fine, the film looks mostly alright, though occasionally there are occasions when he uses some annoying post processing techniques for production like slow motion or skipping images. The gore levels are not really raspy, there are blood spatter, a guy with a hole in his chest, a few bodies and someone speared on metal posts. Most killings take place off screen. The ax kills in the end a good example for the film, which shows nothing. Since the movie is a rock band, there is a pretty rock oriented soundtrack with some really terrible, awful rock songs. I'm sorry Rock fans, but for me this crap is just noise. It's not scary, there's no real atmosphere and the lack of blood and blood is simply inexcusable when the rest of the movie is so bad. <br /> <br /> With an alleged budget of about $ 1,000,000, The Choke is well-made and reasonable production values, it looks cheap, but not as cheap as many low-budget horror films look like. Apparently filmed at a place called Spokane in Washington. Acting is one of the strongest points of the film as it is generally pretty good. I mean, nobody will win an Oscar, but it's not half bad. <br /> <br /> The Choke is a thoughtful routine of scream style teen slasher that has one of the weakest twists and crimes of lack of blood, blood, violence, nudity and corpses. I mean, if a slasher does not have sex or gore, what's the point? These are the only things an average Slasher pays for, right?
