"Carriers" is following the exploits of two boys and two girls in a stolen Mercedes with the words "Road Warrior" on the hood, leading down the street to the beach, securing surfboards to the top of their car. Brian (Chris Pine from "Star Trek") drives and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo from "Coyote Ugly") has a shotgun while Brian's younger brother Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci from "Fanboys") and his friend - not exactly girlfriend - Kate (Emily VanCamp from "The Ring 2") occupy the backseat. This quartet of twenty people lives in a nightmare. Apparently, a viral pandemic of which the two co-directors and co-scenarists, Alex Pastor and David Pastor, report absolutely nothing, has devastated America. Of course, the lack of exposure saves at least fifteen minutes, which would have slowed this cynical melodrama about how people in a crisis degenerate and become their own worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This deadly virus gives you the shingles and then you bleed and die. Most of them walk around wearing white masks tied to their nose and mouth with a thin rubber band. Initially, this foursome meets a desperate father, Frank (Christopher Meloni of "Runaway Bride"), and his sweet little daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka of "Land of the Lost"), who blocks the highway with her SUV. Brian turns around Frank as he tries to outsmart her, but the oil pan breaks in her Mercedes and they walk. Reluctantly they drive with Frank after they have Jodie locked up in the rear of the SUV. She wears a mask over her nose and mouth and is sprinkled with blood. Frank has heard that doctors cure sick people in a hospital, and they go to it. Unfortunately someone lied to Frank. The hospital doctor gives the last children Kool-Aid, which will bring them out of their misery. The healing did not improve her condition. Everyone else in town is dead. Kate tries unsuccessfully to get a dial tone on every phone. Frank realizes that there is no hope for his daughter, and lets the heroic quartet adjust and take off his SUV. <br /> <br /> In fact, "Carriers" qualifies as a relentlessly depressing film about the effects of a pandemic on four sympathetic people who degenerate into murder killers to protect themselves. You reach a country club and frolic on a golf course until four more show up in suits and masks with pump-action shotguns. Incredibly, our protagonists manage to escape without being shot, but Brian is scared as he almost plunges into the water with a floating corpse. Eventually, they discover that one of them has become infected. Later, when they run out of gas, Brian blocks the highway, as Frank did in the beginning. Danny tries to stop some older Christian women driving. Danny lies that his pregnant wife is about to give birth and he needs her help. Brian throws caution into the wind and shoots the ladies with his automatic pistol as they refuse to help them. Brian gets hit by the passenger in the leg, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, "Carriers" is not a beer and pizza film that you can either laugh or laugh with because the humor is practically nonexistent. At the end of this 84-minute film, our heroes have become villains who only care about themselves and their misery. Chris Pine makes a pretty impressive impression than Brian, who enjoys himself, and his energetic performance is the only reason to engage with this hokum, while the only well-known actress, Piper Perabo, is banished to an insignificant girlfriend role. As a Bobby, she makes the mistake of showing sympathy to a dying little girl tragically and paying a terrible price. It's a testament to Pine's performance that he can change his character to stand out in front of others. In essence, Pine has the only role that gives him the ability to pull an eighty from a lucky guy to a heartless guy. <br /> <br /> The two directors are Spanish brothers, and they never let the momentum go. With no relief in sight, "carriers" drops in predictability. The "irreversible" cinematographer Benoît Debie does a great job with his widescreen lens, and as unsavory as this road trip becomes, Debie makes him look like a dynamic movie. Apart from the missing happy ending or closure in the truest sense of the word, "Carriers" suffer because it is so terribly cynical. The scene in which the German Shepherd attacks Danny conjures up the most tension, but could even be improved. Unfortunately, the Pastor brothers do not scare much tension or tension. When fading, you really do not care what happens to someone.
