In the late '70s, animator Don Bluth was frustrated with the performance of his Disney company and Mouse House became his own studio. His first production, THE SECRET OF NIMH, was a brilliant feature that still works well today. It was followed by AN American TAIL and THE LAND BEFORE TIME, both of which were produced with the participation of Steven Spielberg and were commercially successful. Although neither of these films had the dark charm of NIMH, they are still very charming, enjoyable features for children and adults. But after a short time Don Bluth had his first big dropout with ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN. Critics were particularly harsh in this film, and the fact that the film was released alongside Disney's THE LITTLE MERMAID was not helpful. <br /> <br /> Considering that the movie has such a nice sounding title, you would expect EVERYTHING Dogs go to heaven to be pleasant family meals. Instead, Bluth delivers a surprisingly dark story that includes gambling, fraud, crime, maltreatment, and murder. Although this is not a problem for an animated feature, it raises the question of whether the film is for children. On the other hand, it's hard to say if adults in ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN will have a blast. In short, it's a movie with a big identity crisis. <br /> <br /> The movie, which is located on a bleak New Orleans junkyard, begins when Charlie B. Barkin, a rough German Shepherd dog, is led by a car owned by his former casino partner, a bad guy , cigar-battered pit bull, Carface, was provided. Before you know it, Charlie is in heaven, albeit by default. Here, a whippet angel, Annabelle, tells him that "all dogs go to heaven because dogs, unlike humans, are usually loyal and friendly." This line represents the confused nature of the film, as the dogs in the movie, the whippet aside, are anything but portrayed. Seeing that he was murdered, Charlie steals back to Earth and plans to say goodbye to Carface. With the reluctant help of his dachshund buddy Itchy, Charlie "saves" the prize of Carface, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (to predict who will win the rat race). Charlie claims that he will help the little darling to find her as a family, but in fact he uses her skills to gain a fortune in the race so he can build a more sophisticated casino to overthrow Carface. Although he refuses to admit that, Charlie loves Anne Marie ... <br /> <br /> The concept of the story is not as problematic as the execution. Apart from the human girl AnneMarie and a flamboyant musical alligator that appears in three quarters (with the vocal pipes of Ken Page), none of the other characters are sympathetic or honest, it's even worth taking care of. Unfortunately, that's true of Charlie, too. When trying to make him an anti-hero, the script (written by more than ten authors) only succeeds in making the character TOO unattractive. As such, the audience does not feel empathic for Charlie, and worse, his release at the end of the film does not seem so convincing. (Another damage to the character is the disappointingly uncharismatic vocal performance of Burt Reynolds.) Besides the lack of a lovable track, the movie's other problem lies in the structure of the story. The slow action jumps everywhere and makes it a habit to throw additional scenes that serve no purpose, but to fill the running time of the film. The aforementioned musical alligator (who lives in a humid-running channel infested by native rats) appears to have been thrown out of nowhere, as well as a scene in which Charlie tries to show his generosity to Anne Marie by holding a packet of pastel-colored puppy pizza feeding. The entire script feels like a rough first draft; A little more polish could have made this story a tighter, more influential story. <br /> <br /> The Matters are not affected by the lackluster musical numbers of Charlie Strouse and T.J. helped. Kuenster (AnneMarie's song and the Gator's ballad are the only good ones, the latter especially benefiting from Ken Pie's resounding voice) or the unequal vote cast. As mentioned earlier, Burt pulls Reynolds' rigid and lifeless Charlie away from his already unlikely character (the only exception being a fiery confession to Itchy about his true intentions towards the end). Dom DeLuise as Itchy is pretty good, but he had better roles, especially Tiger in AN American TAIL and Jeremy in THE SECRET OF NIMH. Ken Page is, as I said, great in everything he does, but his character is so small that his contribution is at best inconspicuous at best. Similarly wasted Loni Anderson (as Collie, who once had a litter with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly. Judith Barsi as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that seems really memorable, in part because her character is the only legitimate sympathetic in this depressing and joyless show. <br/> <br/> Barsi aside, the only real benefit of ALL DOGS TO HEAVEN is the animation. Technically, this movie features some of Bluth's most imaginative visuals (from 1980 onwards), especially a frightening scene in which Charlie has a nightmare of ending up in a fiery underworld ruled by a giant satanic dog demon. If anything, the movie is more a triumph of animation than storytelling. <br /> <br /> On the whole, however, I can not recommend ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN as good entertainment. Although I recognize that the film has its fans and the climax admittedly provides some energy and a moving conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as Bluth's better efforts. Entertainment fans will be amazed by the lavish artistry, but when it's over, ALL DOGS TO HEAVEN could leave a bad taste in their mouths.
