I'm a big fan of thought-provoking films. I still think about it long and hard, seven minutes after the credits roll. What really puzzles my neurons is trying to fathom the relevance of the action of the naked girl caressing her smooth, oily body filmed by cheap video. This happens three times and I was sure that it would be explained in the end. I trust the filmmakers that this shrill attempt to attract viewers is justified. It was not. <br /> <br /> The film must be the most apathetic I've encountered in this genre. The sets seem like a mixture of a Dr Who set from the 70s and the poorly formed idea of ​​a sponge-painted living room. The lighting is unimaginative (if your sets are so bad, film them at least in the dusk to hide the plasterboard and create an ambience). Of the kidnapped quartet, the girl is particularly lame, but none of them is given a personality. The alien world domination plans are just stupid - all they need is a contraceptive pill, and their problems are solved. Most of the movie is made up of people walking through corridors. Yes, that's really exciting. The "Ray-Gun" special effect is ... curious, to say the least (what good is a weapon that requires a concentrated 15-second bang to kill, and even then the guy comes for more?). The screenplay is like a bad episode of The A-Team, and the ladies' hairstyles are from the same era, so they look like schoolteachers instead of an advanced team of murderous alien invaders. When we finally see what the aliens really look like, they are in a suspended animation and never come out of their boxes. The story's dissolution - treacherous aliens just have a few words with the invading fleet commander and without another thought he goes home - is really the mark of a writer who never had a more complex idea than a cartoon on Saturday morning (I mean the bad person without conspiracy, action or characterization) in his or her life. But seriously, what about the naked chick ?! Was it really just that they could justify filling the DVD cover with meat to boost sales?
