Noel Coward, a witty and cosmopolitan man, was friends with Louis Mountbatten. Mr. Coward, a longtime admirer of all things, was commissioned to write a loose story based on the loss of the Mountbatten ship. In a peculiarly British way this was the case. I think a film about the Royal Navy's loss of the encounter at sea would be good propaganda. It was also a good idea to let Mr Coward play the role of ship's captain. The many qualities required to command a battleship, the ability to speak in a very cut-throat voice, and sing sophisticated point songs, are not high on the list at Admiralty House, or at least you would not expect it , A captain must earn and maintain the same respect for the store room and the lower deck. Mr. Coward could have feared the respect of the lords of the Drury Lane and Binkie Beaumont choirs in front of him, but his ability to tame, shape, and direct the ship's crew in warfare must be called into question. He's getting tired. On the bridge that favored the other ranks and the officers barking, all he needed was a silk coat and a cigarette holder to make them feel at home. The theme of the "warship as a microcosm of the British Society" is a lot, and the crew consists mostly of the usual cheerful Kuhluferern, Curry Northerners, etc., without which no war can be waged. They spend most of their time on board smoking, moaning about Lord Haw Haw and being blown up. Anyway, there are many more where they came from. Directly on land they go directly to the pub, where they spend most of their time smoking, moaning about Lord Haw Haw and being blown up. In contrast, Mr. Coward lives in a dream home with a rose-covered door in a very quiet place, with very little chance of being blown up. He, his wife, and their two rosy, hanging putti talk in ridiculously intricate tones, saying that Frau's wife spends a lot of time knitting things for the poor unfortunates that make up his team and her team. Wen the young master Johnny Mills referred to as a completely unbelievable type of lower deck, who worships Mr. Coward in the same way as a dog who is beset by a thrashing venerates his master. He marries his girlfriend after he has kissed her on the cheek, probably on the grounds that she could be pregnant after such an unbound passion. Yes, we have a microcosm of British society here, but maybe not as the creators of Into We Serve intended. In the end, Mr. Coward has one last chance to patronize his men as the few survivors roll past him: "Goodbye, Edwards, it was a privilege to sail with you," he says, as if he were "How brown now Cow "recited. It may have been David Lean's feature debut, but Noel Coward's hand sticks out across this image. He was a jolly and smart man, better off writing wasp pieces over poor little rich girls and boys, occasionally pervaded by a dry song. There was no doubt that he had a talent for amusement, but he could not write or talk convincingly. Being Noel Coward was a full time job, he had no time to be a real person.
