Cecil B. deMille's magical 1922 tearjerk slayer finds the adorable Leatrice Joy a good-hearted but decadent young woman who has more money than she has to know. Their recklessness leads to imprisonment, which in turn leads to their regeneration. Thomas Meighan is the district attorney who made it his personal crusade to express goodness and health in Lydia (Joy), but he is distracted by alcohol and as soon as she is released it is up to her to save him ! > <br /> If the plot does not sound so bad, you'll be plotted by the pitiful presentation. The quality of deMille's direction is very low and he does not show any special skills that are unique to him. The photography is normal and flat and the editing is hardly dynamic. You could easily classify it as a fashion show and be pretty correct. DeMille dresses Miss Joy in so many different types of clothing (evening dresses, golf costumes, costumes, fur piles) that the subtitle could be "1922 fashion." One thing more disappointing than the photography or the editing or the direction is the spectacle, which is mostly flat and wooden. If this is not the case, it is merely routine, silent gesturing, rolling eye balls, twitching eyebrows, and deliberate pointing and arm movements. What would have revived modern viewers by robbing and Szenekauen some of the worst silent films is here to look boring. The only member of the cast that succeeds in any form of excellence is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful, but can naturally play her role. She is convincing and loveable in tearful close-ups, as long as you do not read the moralizing title card that follows as soon as she opens her mouth to speak. As I said, everyone else is routinely routinely, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. Her performance here is a good argument for why she has never achieved true fame. <br /> <br /> The worst and most amusing part of this film is the heavy moralistic tone that permeates everything. Meighan's character has many subheads threatening how the youth of America will subside in their morality and return to the decadence of Rome. (insert absurd flashback) The moralization of this movie was described as Victorian, but it continues. It has so little impact on reality that I feel the audience did not take it seriously then modern viewers could. <br /> <br /> This film is exactly what the ignorant think of as something 'typical' silent film, with its archaic moral structure, playing wood and bad alignment. DeMille shows that he could be a terrible director without a sense of speed, camera positioning or skill in dealing with scripts or actors. I can not imagine anyone with reason taking it seriously. Boring, slow and idiotic I recommend hardcore silent movies like me.
