I have never seen one of these sci-fi originals, this was the first one. I think it's only fair to judge the acting, directing / production, set design and even the CGI effects of the other sci-fi movies. A comparison with your typical Hollywood production is unfair. However, I'll say that overall, the Aztec Rex did not exactly recall Werner Herzog's masterpiece Aguirre, Wrath of God. First of all, I would like to point out that this film actually has more to do with Kulturkampf than with dinosaurs. Although this is a television movie made for television, there are some basic connections in the story that I will explore. The contained symbolic elements are obvious enough. <br /> <br /> As a student of history, theology, mythology and film: I found the dialogue outrageous and the plot themes a bit insulting. I do not ask meea culpas for the producers - as I said before the movie is as it is. However, as far as I am concerned, much of the younger population in this film is likely to rely on television to teach them about history and cultural diversity. The main problem manifests most clearly in the figure of Ayacoatl (not a comment on Dichen Lachman's performance, but how the character was written, although I say that she still has something to do before nodding to Emmy). Their character justifies the actions of the Spanish Europeans. Their role in the film as a love interest of Rios confirms that the European way is the right way, simply because they are European. There is really no other reason. It is really only left to believe that the viewer should join forces with the Europeans through the Aztecs, because they are more familiar with clothing, language, ideology, etc. than the Aztecs - hence the Aztecs are presented as counterproductive and backward. And it's not just that viewers are left with this assumption due to ethnocentric perceptions, but it seems that the story is trying to convince the viewer - as if the Aztecs were unable to To develop a plan - if not better - to lure a dinosaur on a bed of punj sticks to death. <br /> <br /> In fairness, there is a subset of Spaniards who are portrayed as plundering temples and simply want to abuse the natives Mesoamericans. There is also a scene in which the Christian holy man states the achievements of the Aztec: "They have agriculture, medicine, calendars, etc." - But in the end, it's still the Aztec warrior who is portrayed as the movie's main antagonist, even the "Thunder Lizard" (more on that later). He was portrayed as treacherous, ambiguous and trying to expel the romantic European Spaniard by making him consume hallucinogenic minds - an important spiritual component of certain aspects and religions of the native Mesoamerican and North Americans that he is the woman he feels able to stay away from the Spaniard for himself and for him. <br /> <br /> Now, from a symbolic point of view, when analyzing the true nature of the story (leaving the obvious Christian vs. pagan themes off the table) - a viewer may easily consider these so-called thunder lizards as representing the Mesoamerican ideology / theology, which in this film is presented as an intention: blood drought, mercilessness, cruelty, evil, maybe even evil? In contrast, there is this group of Christian wanderers led by a young Hernando Cortes portrayed as naive but altogether noble lambs trapped in the dark pagan world of the Aztecs. The name of the film is Aztec Rex, which leads to the conviction that it is dinosaurs that eat people. What Aztec Rex translates, though, is Aztec King, the head of the Aztec state or, in this case, state-of-being. (That's why the title of the movie was changed). And who do we see as the new Aztec king in the end? It's the remaining Spaniard, Rios. Aztec Rex refers to the new European ideology that has overcome the Native Americans through illness, bloodshed, war and hunger. Rios symbolizes the ideal European - as the presenters of this film want to be remembered (as opposed to Cortes, who represents the "practical but still noble European"). But if you examine the Holocaust of the Americas, let's be honest: do not the symbolic components of the story of this film have any consideration? <br /> <br /> I have to say Aztec Rex is at worst a little racist or to be friendly, at best ignorant. <br /> <br /> And yes, I know it's just a movie. I understand everything to have fun, but in the end we have the idea that Rios was the father of the last remaining Aztec lines. I wonder what native Mesoamericans would have to think about this end ... for myself, I thought it was a bit too lenient. <br /> <br /> The best supportive feature of the film is for Ian Ziering's wig - though eye-catching - it has at least changed Ziering's appearance so much that I did not think I would watch the 90210 yuppie when he entered few conquistadors led into the heart of darkness. Ziering actually turns out to be a more than capable actor in this film, I actually bought it, or at least I forgot that it was anyway Ian Ziering. I do not know who his agent is, but he should get more work. <br /> <br /> Finally, it was a pleasure to see Jim McGee again. I've been a fan since his all-too-short scene in which he stole a scene in Scrooged in 1988. <br /> <br /> Alexander Quaresma - DeusExMachina529@aol.com
