Tyrannosaurus Azteca played in the sixteenth century when the famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of his best men, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez). They also intend to invade the country in the name of Spanish and steal some gold when the opportunity arises. Within a few minutes, they have their first glimpse of the local Aztec savages, within minutes, Cortes and his men are captured. If that is not bad enough, it turns out that a few Tyrannosaurus Rex live there and like to eat the locals. To win their lives, the Spanish offer offers the locals to solve the monster problem, but with different hidden agendas and other motives, it's not just the dinosaurs they have to watch out for ... <br /> <br / > Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (who happens to have made one of my most popular review films: Turkey Shoot (1982) which I can thoroughly recommend and is also more commonly known under the spoof-sounding title of Aztec Rex (the title was written by the Sci-Fi channel changed when it aired, maybe because the original title Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like it's a foreign movie) This is another idiotic and cheap-looking sci-fi channel 'Creature Feature' and that's all What you really need to know Based on & around the real Spanish Conquistador Cortes during his expedition to Mexico, the movie definitely does not strive for historical accuracy, though i I must admit that the story is trying to do something different here, but in the end, Tyrannosaurus Azteca is still a "creature feature". with a group of people running from a monster's poor CGI computer graphics despite its time period. Not quite sure what I can say, even though the stereotypes were set centuries ago, the usual cardboard cutouts are stupid decisions to make and the selfish, the heroic, the conniving, the faceless sacrifice that just exists to be eaten & the pretty woman is all here and easy to recognize. The movie is predictable, stupid, boring and is not entertaining at any level, even though it moves at a decent pace, and there are one or two decent moments if you're interested in that. The story is not so good and also has many holes, this is also the kind of movie that you have completely forgotten in a few days. <br /> <br /> Now I've seen a lot and commented on Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' & usually the CGI computer effects are horrible and while Tyrannosaurus Azteca is not quite opposed to the trend, I'll admit that there are some effect shots They look good, but they are usually shot dead by absolutely terrible effects right afterwards. There are also some decent gore effects, there is a cut out heart, a man's leg is bitten off, there is some blood spatter, a cool attitude of a man who still has his own gut after being attacked by the dinosaur There are a few corpses and someone is stabbed with a spear. The T-Rex also eats a few people. The production values ​​are really cheap. The Aztec set looks like one of those styrofoam attractions, and these Spaniards must be trapped in the worst environment in film history. The fence supposedly holds it below the waist of a man I could just have stepped outside and run away, it was so low. <br /> <br /> With an alleged budget of about $ 900,000, I can not see where the money went, shot in O'ahu in Hawaii in apparently fifteen days. Acting is not great for anyone I've ever heard of. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca is really no better than any other cheap sci-fi channel 'Creature Feature', though it's almost interesting and unusual. The premise is that this basic statement should be enough to decide whether you will enjoy this or not (in case of a guess probably not).
