EPSILON, AS A VISITOR, is not what I expected. This is an Australian no-budget movie with no special effects except fast-track movies and fast scene cuts. The female alien (who is immediately able to speak a perfectly accented Australian) can "flick" from place to place or from time to time, changing her perception of the flow of time to suit the "faster" people. <br /> <br /> An elderly grandmother tells her two granddaughters about a story that a wandering man told 40 years ago, when a nameless "she" came naked and completely disoriented to the planet and could not tell which one Star in the Sky she originated ... She meets a man camping alone in the Australian Outback, apparently confusing him. She's out of "mistake" here and gets angry when she's told she's on Earth. The Earthlings are known as consummate despoilers of the environment and a metaphor for the most offensive that is imaginable for the rest of the universe: those who "breathe in the evil air" but do nothing about it and stick their heads under the sand like a bunch. In another amusing metaphor, Earthlings are "frogs." From there it is a film about dialogues, since the stupefied man tries to understand She's peculiar psychology and viewpoints, even though she calls him unintelligent and unobserved "quaint". The man begins to realize that it may be people who are irrational and do not think directly. But while she waits to be "beamed" at home, she sees that this person is not completely flawed in his thinking and even falls in love with him. <br /> <br /> The dialogue about perspectives is interesting in some places. But it's all stuffed with a harsh environmental message and a low budget (there are only two key players bubbling in various abandoned scenes, and the evil people who live on Earth are not seen at all). The environmental message offers no solutions, but draws one or two gloomy metaphors about what will happen to nature and man when something is not done. The logic is not related either: the rest of the universe has "given up" on earth, but a spacewoman mistakenly trapped on Earth is making a positive change by completing the film. What would a battalion of aliens deliberately sent here do against pollution and waste?
