This is one of those films for which the British Lottery Fund wastes its money. The main problem is a wandering script that gets nowhere. The characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and bland, the only thing of interest is the location: the city of Genoa (Genoa in Italian). I had only a superficial acquaintance with Genoa. I had no idea of ​​the winding streets of the old town and the fact that the city is so interesting. I thought Genoa was boring. I'm glad to say that I proved wrong. From the point of view of the travelogue this movie is interesting. The movie contains a great performance by a little girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. She has already made seven films, even though she was only 12 years old. She seems determined to pursue an acting career, and judging by her performance in this film, she should go far, as she is a natural and talented person. Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was on hand for the shoot, and when he was asked to be serious, he became serious, and when he was asked for fear, he was desperate. But someone forgot to give him any valuable dialogue. The script is a total mess. Catherine Keener is exceptionally good in a supporting role, and it is natural for her to show compassion so that everyone would like to have her (I would like to tell her whenever she has a cold, as she knows she is me) would get a soothing hot drink). There we have it: Genoa's fascinating narrow streets, an interesting little girl and a sympathetic woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Willa Holland is such a disgusting figure that the fact that the young actress does a good job as a defensive agent is not exactly the kind of acting tribute she likes to hear would, I suspect. The idea that this family goes to Genoa to forget the mother's unfortunate death is so banal that if we have such a movie, all dead mothers have the right to complain about exploitation. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a movie about how interesting the old part of Genoa is, why did not he just go to the BBC and say he wanted to make a travel movie with a rash celebrity? Why waste money on a feature film that is nothing more than a vanity project with empty and meandering vacancy?
