The people at Disney have a lot to explain. First of all, why anyone thought this less sitcom material would ever make a half-decent movie. In the crazy 60s of the telephoto, the unique idea of ​​the Martians among us had not yet been given the sophisticated X-Files treatment. Original visions of little green men have long been driven out by ET, CLOSE ENCOUNTERS and ALIENS 1-3. <br /> <br /> Every charm that the property had was mainly due to the lovable relationship between the late Bill Bixby as Tim and Ray Walston as a stranger to the world. The imagination that the Martians have an antenna at that time seemed stupid. Now it seems positively idiotic. But the uncle Martin of Christopher Lloyd carries the metallic appendages. In an early setting, the antenna on a sign for the TV station on which Tim is working will cause us to think "Mars"! When was the last time you saw a rabbit-eared TV? Disney does not trust quaint relationships or relationships, and stuffs this movie with youth-effect special effects, including a space suit called Zoot! Yes, you read that correctly. The silver space suit of Uncle Martin speaks. He should be a really funny cut! Once again. I've got stretch socks that are funnier than Zoot. Whenever the action subsides (and it runs constantly), computer graphics is used to liven things up. Tim is played here by the lovable Jeff Daniels, who can do nothing to save this messy mess. Zesty Christine Ebersole brings some comic zeal into the role of her neighbor. Even Ray Walston himself is painfully involved in the processes - all without success. This extraterrestrial visitor is dead on arrival. <br /> <br /> Constant talk about sitcoms turning on the screen just lets me hope the movie I DREAM OF JEANNIE does not bring a harem outfit. I pray that Samant's cat has no lines in the movie BEWITCHED. I live in fear that I'm proud to present LUCY LOVY - THE MOVIE with a CG Conga drum called Bongo. <br /> <br /> Paging Michael Eisner! Mickey Mouse - take me to your leader.
