This movie is very exhausting, but it lacks the fun of the TV series of the 1960s, which people are sure to remember. Although I was 17 years old, I've seen some of the series on YouTube a long time ago and I enjoyed it. Unfortunately, this film does little justice to the series. <br /> <br /> The special effects are rather inferior, which was not supported by the flat camera work. The script was also boring and lacked any sense of wonder and humor. Other sub script movies include Home Alone 4, Cat in the Hat, Thomas and the Magic Railroad and Addams Family Reunion. <br /> <br /> Now I would like to say that I liked the idea of ​​the story, but unfortunately it was done badly and exhausted way too soon, and frankly I am not sure why this is for the Family. And despite the vivacious vocal work of Wayne Knight, the talking suit annoyed me. <br /> <br /> However, what annoyed me most about this movie was that it was wasting the talents of Christopher Lloyd, Jeff Daniels and Daryl Hannah all very talented actors. Jeff Daniels has done some good things, but he seemed to have no idea what he was supposed to do, and Elizabeth Hurley's character was sadly useless. Daryl Hannah is a loveable actress and is generally ignored, and I liked the idea that she is the love interest, but unfortunately you see very little of her (not to mention that the monster attack probably frightens children rather than enthuse them) as well as Wallace Shawn as a kind of government employee. Christopher Lloyd makes himself better, and as an actor I like Lloyd a lot (he was in two of my favorite movies Clue and Who Framed Roger Rabbit and I love Back To The Future), but he did not get much work to do it. and had a tendency to act quite wildly. All in all, as much as I wanted to like this movie, I was not impressed. Rather than having fun, it did not make sense, and that's a shame, because it had a lot of potential, some talented actors and a good idea, but was wasted with bad execution. 1/10 Bethany Cox
