I've discovered over the years that if a rock star releases his last album before he dies, that album, if it's not his best, is usually somewhat productive and at least listening. The album is usually good enough to cement a legacy. But when it comes to comedians, especially mainstream comics starring in their own vehicles, their graduation film is usually horrible. John Belushi had "neighbors", John Candy had "Wagon's East", Chris Farley had "Almost Heroes", Phil Hartman had "Small Soldiers" and Rodney Dangerfield had this movie. Back By Midnight "Although it may not have been Dangerfield's final film, it is literally weak, according to this site, the filming was completed in 2002, and it's safe to say it would have stayed on the shelves if Dangerfield I'm a big fan of Dangerfields since I was in my early teens, and it hurts to see how lazy this movie was. <br /> <br /> What surprises me most is that The fact that a number of other talented people took part in a film with a very weak premise at the beginning: Dangerfield, a great comedian who usually plays his cartoon character in the film, is a prison guard who houses a close-knit group of inmates. As the prison's owner, Colonel Tom Parker and Sam Walton billionaire Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), cuts funding for the prison, the warden sends a group of vo n Inmates robbing Rockwood's convenience stores of consumer goods and returning to jail with their loot. By taking what is in the convenience stores, they (I believe) take what they believe, what Rockwood owes them. <br /> <br /> With this flimsy premise, the film often bubbles. In addition, the jokes you think are the salvation of this movie are not even funny, not even by Mr. No Respect. It's also incredibly disappointing, as one would expect a film with Oscar nominees (!!!) Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Yeardley Smith and others to be at least a little bit funny. Instead, Quaid plays a character we've seen in countless other comedies. Alley plays a British heiress with a terrible British accent (could not this film afford a real British person!?!), And every joke was badly set up and badly timed by virtually every member of the ensemble. It just was not a good comedy in the truest sense of the word. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" was rated R above all for language (and a scene of nudity). The irony of this fact is that many of the jokes are so insulting that even children (if you cut out the language) would leave this movie. The physical gags are also incredibly predictable, especially if Alley's pet monkey torments Quaid's character. When the monkey snaps a pair of scissors and jumps on Quaid's couch, who would not have known where the gag hung? <br /> <br /> As a direct video comedy, of course I had no expected Oscar-winning material here. The truth is that Dangerfield has already done some great, timeless comedies. "Easy Money" and "Back To School" are still funny and were by no means Oscar-worthy. However, there is a difference between a silly comedy that is funny and a stupid comedy. With the latter type of comedy, it seems the filmmakers are not even trying, what exactly is the lame excuse for wasted 90 minutes. Rest in peace, Rodney, but add this movie to your cast of forgotten comedies like Meet Wally Sparks (1997) and The Godson (1999). This movie, I dare say, is not even worth seeing.
