I'm not sure what to make of this misshapen drama in 2007. The film seeks to be a new crossroads between On Golden Pond and The Prince of Tides and eventually becomes an unpredictable jumble that moves so uncompromisingly between comedy and melodrama that the emotional mood is always different. The main problem seems to be the unbridgeable difference between Garry Marshall's sentimental focus and Mark Andrus's dark, rather confusing script. The story focuses on the enigmatic relationship between Mother Lilly and daughter Rachel, who has driven all the way from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where grandmother Georgia lives. The idea is that Lilly must leave Rachel for the summer under Georgia's taskmaster jurisdiction with her draconian rules, as the young 17-year-old has become an incorrigible Hellion. <br /> <br /> The line-up is clear enough, but the characters move quickly and often inexplicably between sympathetic and shrill to suit the fictional outlines of the plot. It randomly changes through alcoholism, child abuse, and dysfunctional families until it finds its way into its pat resolution. The three actresses in the middle take some of the dramatic turns, but to varying degrees. Probably because of her off-screen reputation and her raspy smoker voice, Lindsay Lohan makes Rachel's promiscuity and manipulative tactics palpable, though she becomes less credible as her character reveals the psychological wounds that underpin her hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly with two stern tones - as the irritated daughter of a mother who has never come near her, and as an angry, alcohol-critical mother who begins to recognize her own responsibility in the mind of her daughter. She does what she can with the role on both fronts, but her efforts never make a person of flesh and blood. <br /> <br /> At nearly seventy, Jane Fonda looks great, even if it's the weather. beaten as she is here, and has the star presence to flee with the cartoon-like dimensions of flinty Georgia. The problem I have with Fondas casting is that the legendary actress earns far more than a series of singles and maternal looks. Between this and the vile monster-in-law of 2005, the question arises as to whether her best work is behind her. No wonder that the male colleagues of the actresses are completely overshadowed. Garrett Hedlund looks a little more surfer than the naive Harlan, a devout Mormon whose sudden love for Rachel could delay his two-year missionary mission. Cary Elwes plays a familiar suspicious note as Lilly's husband, an unfortunate case in which foreseeable casting seems to telegraph the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> There is also the ubiquitous Dermot Mulroney in the dumbfounded Triple Play role of the Wounded Widower, Lilly's former flame and Rachel's new boss as City Veterinarian. Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf has a barely existing role as Simon's sister Paula, while Marshall director Hector Elizondo and songwriter Paul Williams appear in cameos. Andrus' dialogues are sometimes terrible and the wavering seriocomonic tone never advocates for something that feels right. With the 2007 DVD, there are several little extras, none of which is too exciting. Marshall offers a commentary that distinguishes his typical laconic humor. There are several deleted scenes, including three variations of the end and a gag role. A seven-minute making-of feature is included as well as the original movie trailer, a six-minute short film for the three actresses and a five-minute tribute to Marshall.
