The Zombies' uprising begins with Armand Louque, who tries to convince General Duval that his buddy Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and them under his Turn control into thoughtless zombies (a bit like the people I really work with). Tsiang is definitely murdered by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy), but does not gain the knowledge to turn people into zombies. An expedition was set up by General Duval to search for the secret, since Tsiang will not tell them much anymore. General Duval leads the expedition together with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone), who is engaged to Louque, who also comes along. During the expedition, Claire Louque tips for his buddy Clifford Grayson, about which Louque is not too pleased. In a way that could only happen in a movie, Louque finds the secret of turning humans into zombies themselves and starts using his new power to avenge Claire & Clifford ... Co-written & directed : Victor Halperin Revolt of the Zombies has a bad name and after seeing it I can see why. Halperin's screenplay, Howard Higgin & Rollo Lloyd, all uncredited, has a good idea, but is coldly contested by a boring and exciting look like drying the paint. Not much has happened for ages, and not much happens after that. How Halperin depicts his zombies is different from what most modern viewers would consider a zombie. These zombies are only brainwashing personnel in the Night of the Living Dead (1968). After only about an hour, the rebellion of the zombies still feels too long. Technically speaking, the movie is okay, considering that it was made 70 years ago. Black and white cinematography is appropriate, though some scenes look like they are shot in front of a photograph of the background. The spectacle is made of wood and largely unimpressive. The Zombies rebellion may have been hot stuff in 1936, but it did not go well and in 2005 it was an absolute duty to prevail. I think the movie is now in the public domain, as it appears on many ultra-cheap DVD compilation & budget labels, but it's still not worth it, no matter how cheap you can get it.
