This is not really a zombie movie when we define zombies as the dead walking around. Here, the protagonist Armand Louque (played by an incredibly young Dean Jagger) gains control of a way to create zombies, even though his method is to mentally project his thoughts and control the thoughts of other living people in order to hypnotize them To make slaves. This is an interesting concept for a film and was written by Fritz Lang in his series "Dr. Mabuse's Movies, including 'Dr. Mabuse the Player' (1922) and" The Testament of Dr. Mabuse "(1933). Here, unfortunately, it is subordinated to his quest for the love of his former fiancée Claire Duvall (played by Anne Heche with a bad hairstyle, Dorothy Stone), which is really the main theme. <br /> <br /> The film has a fascinating beginning when Louque is sent on a military archaeological expedition to Cambodia to end the cult of zombies that came from there. On some site (where we get great sets and clothes of the '30s), he announces his engagement with Claire, and barely five minutes later she returns his ring to him, explaining her love for his friend Clifford Greyson (Robert Noland) , It is unintentionally funny when they talk to each other without seeking eye contact. This would have been a great movie for "Mystery Science Theater 3000" if they had not already roasted it. <br /> <br /> It's never been shown how Louque actually learns the secret of "zombification," but then he uses it. To kill his enemies, set up a huge army of rifles with soldiers and bodyguards. Such a sheer willpower will not be seen until John Agar is in "The Brain From Planet Arous" (1957). Finally, Claire agrees to marry him if he lets Greyson live and returns to America. Louque agrees, but actually makes him one of his hypnotized slaves. On her wedding night, he realizes that Claire will only love him if he gives up his 'powers'. In order to gain their love, he does so and causes the "revolt" of the title, in which all his slaves awaken his abilities and attack his plant and kill him. Greyson hugs Claire and we seem to be at the end of a parable: "Whom the gods would destroy, drive them crazy first." <br /> <br /> So, really, it's not a bad movie, despite the low IMDb rating it currently has. With repeated visits (?) One sees the artistry in the well-formed writing! Dean Jagger still had to develop into a good actor and is almost unrecognizable in his youth. Is that really his own hair? We remember even more his bald, old man roles in "White Christmas" (1954), "X The Unknown" (1956) and "King Creole" (1958). The story lends much of its basic themes to the Halperin brothers, earlier film "White Zombie" (1932), in which the unlucky Robert Frazier (as Charles Beaumont) uses "Zombification" to describe the love of Madge Bellamy (as Madeline Parker ) to win. , <br /> <br /> If you'd like to have real zombie movies (of which there are hundreds!) I'd start with 'White Zombie' (1932), 'King of the Zombies' (1941) Me with a Zombie '(1943),' Night of the Living Dead '(1968),' The Last Man on Earth '(1964) and his two remakes. In the modern era of classic films, there are "Horror Express" (1972), "The Serpent and the Rainbow" (1988), "28 Days Later" (2002) and its sequel, and many, many others to mention. <br /> <br /> This movie is not really a zombie movie. Judging this film by its own criteria is more of a semi-Gothic romance. As such, it ranks a little below some of Universal's calculated B-horror movies of the late 30's and early 40's. So I give a 5.
