Well, first of all, if you look at Revolt of the Zombies as a very early movie of the Night of the Living Dead (1968), forget it. These are "zombies" in a psychological sense, which term refers only to someone who does not control his will, but must follow someone else's will. The "zombies" here, as little as they are in the film, are largely metaphors for submission to the state or authority in general, as in wartime. It's pretty long to call this movie a horror movie. <br /> <br /> The movie takes place during the First World War. A "French Cambodian" contingent had heard strange stories about zombification - allegedly, Angkor Wat was built by using zombies - and there are stories of zombie armies easily overcoming enemies. Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) brings back a priest who allegedly knows the secret of zombification, but he does not speak. Louque and an international military contingent go on an archaeological expedition to Angkor Wat to discover the secret of zombification and destroy the information before zombies have the chance to "wipe out the white race". <br /> <br /> One of the oddities about Revolt of the Zombies is that writer / director Victor Halperin has decided to change his schedule as he twists the script. The movie begins as if exploring the zombie / military metaphor and may even have some adventure elements, but after about 15 minutes it changes gears and becomes more of a love triangle story. Halperin sticks with a subtext about will and power (and a Nietzschean "will to power"). The film is interesting at this level, but the script and editing are very choppy. This is another older movie that I would not be surprised to see if footage is missing, especially as some scenes even fade or get cut while a character initiates a dialogue. In the midst of the invented romance, Halperin tries to refer to the zombie thread again and again, but little zombie material makes much sense. Louque discovers the secret of zombification, but does not mean much to the viewer. The mechanics of the zombie material is vague and confusing? Halperin even resorts to superimposed recordings of Bela Lugosis Googly eyes from his 1932 film White Zombie, but never explains what it has to do with anything. There are big gaps in the plot, including the love story. Promising, interesting characters from early roles disappear for a long time. A potential villain is simply dumped before he can do much. <br /> <br /> If you're a big fan of old, creaky B movies, maybe the Zombies rebellion is worth at least once - the plays are not that bad, and if you have a good idea, you can make an interesting one Put history in your head to fill in any gaps. But this is the second time I've seen the movie, the first one was about five years ago, and I could barely remember it - so it's not memorable.
