Although the title contains the word "zombies", this movie is not what you would expect from a movie today, although for 1936 the concept is played as well as you would expect. Dean Jagger portrays Armand Louque, an officer of the French Army of the First World War, who has stumbled across an age-old story of soldiers who have become automatons or "zombies" who are undecided in battle and may hold the key to victory in the war whose side is not safe. Initially he struggles to convince his superiors of this phenomenon, but French General Duval (George Cleveland) finally orders a non-military expedition to the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find and destroy the zombies' secrets. <br /> <br The story takes place in the context of a love triangle between Louque, Duval's daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), who are all part of the expedition. When Louque complains about his lack of strength and determination, Grayson offers him the advice to follow with all his might what he wants in life. This advice begins to turn Louque, especially after he has managed to get a stone tablet, which resembles a photo from the old city. After following a temple priest into a swamp, Louque now seems to be keeping the secret he was looking for, though it is not clear how he was able to master the power of "zombiefing" right away. All you have to do is place your right fist on your forehead, simulate a third eye, and pass on your thoughts to those he wants to control. This is convenient for regaining his girl and following Grayson's early advice as he comments to his servant: "Buna, we learn to be ruthless." <br /> <br /> Fans of early "B" horror flicks will recognize the use of Bela Lugosis' unmistakable gaze, taken from the movie "White Zombie" (1932), also by director Victor Halperin. Of the two films, "White Zombie" is preferable to both the story and the undead portrayal, where the zombies look eerier and more threatening. In "Revolt," the zombies are enemy soldiers with a glassy look that only reacts to their mentor's orders. In fact, the actual uprising of the title takes place only when Louque frees the soldiers from his mental command out of respect for his love for Claire; They overrun his plant and kill him. <br /> <br /> In order not to be too hard in the movie, it plays well within the parameters of the story, but if you think "Zombies !!" ! "In the traditional context you will probably be disappointed, if you want to try an early treatment of the subject, the already mentioned" White Zombie "with Bela Lugosi is the way to go.
