Darkman 3: The Darkman The is led by Bradford May, who also made the first Darkman successor. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2 and in my opinion nothing special. Larry Drake is no longer just a main villain now being played by the great Jeff Fahey, whose character is once again seeking Darkman's work and this time wants to create some ultra-strong people to take over the leadership of the entire city. The movie is pretty much the same in action and execution as Darkman 2, but I was mostly confused because there were many scenes from Darkman 2. These sequels were done in a short time and with little money, so these decisions had to be made. Some scenes are pretty stylish and exciting, but still this movie is pretty tired and often irritatingly stupid. The characters scream and laugh too much and it is very annoying. There is no philosophical depth in the film, and this is like a remake of Darkman 2, which is not up to it yet. Darkman 2 had many great scenes and stylish camerawork and Larry Drake's ability to play great baddies. Darkman 3 only has some nice scenes and moments, but mostly this movie is tired and full of clichés. The few positive things in this movie are flashback edits (Westlake's nightmares) and some really surprising twists and turns. And worth mentioning is the main villain's pretty ugly death scene, which was pretty weird and uninspired without any kind of ghost. Far more interesting than the death of the main villain in the second part. <br /> <br /> Darkman 3 is the worst in the entire series and we have to keep in mind that these two extensions were shot directly on video and are not near Raimi's Original Darkman with Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 was a good actioner with lots of great scenes and suspense, but this last one (?) Is tired and often stupid and boring. As I said, it has some merits, but the general feeling is that this should not be done in advance. May is a talented director, so hopefully he will receive more notable projects in the future. <br /> <br /> 3/10
