I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be, to some degree, a big action star like Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Damme. He had some big moments in his career, but he also made some bad decisions and this is definitely one of them, though he was hit later in his career. The weird thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I honestly think that they seriously believed they were going to make a provocative and serious thriller? It shows in the way they describe it on IMDb, on the DVD sleeve, in the comments, and this movie is not meant seriously. It would be a huge understatement. The film tries to be complex and intelligent, even though it is actually only superficial, confusing and unfounded. In addition, they make Lundgren, who is known for action films, in an attempt to play a serious role, which makes him even more annoying, because his range as an actor is quite limited. The entire movie revolves around the nasty sex world and yet they try to make it a serious thriller? But the action and the premise make him immediately a B-movie porn. Dolph Lundgren plays former cops and raging alcoholic Matt Sorenson, who is accused of playing detective when his brother is murdered. I mean, set aside the numerous action holes through which Lundgren runs free to investigate crime scenes and witnesses and everything else, even though he is no longer a cop and you still have a rather strange and rather lustful attitude from Lundgren. Danielle Brett is Lundgren's last love interest and his brother's widow. Brett plays her role decently, given the scenario and campaign story. The cast is huge and no-one can stand out in their performances unless it's on the downside, like the absolutely dreadful performance of Victor Pedtrchenko, who appears to have multiple names in the film, and has a terrible accent really awful is villain. <br /> <br /> I honestly tried to dive into the mystery and the movie and look closely, but there was no reason, because it was all a mess of ridiculous storyline and free sex games, including a ridiculously funny scene where Lundgren takes cover and is almost naked on her head. To explain how noble and good this movie is (sarcasm ... sarcasm), the back of the DVD I picked up (it was really cheap) has Lundgren 's character as "Murray Wilson" (not the name of his character in the Film).) While Lundgren somehow manages to be seen normally, the film falls on his face and tries to be serious. Considering that director Anthony Hickox is really known for B-Movie horror-flicks, it only makes sense, though I think he really tried hard. Hard core cult Lundgren fans have to see it ... No one else should do it ... certainly for any kind of mystery or suspense. 3.10
