This is one of those movies where people keep saying, "This is a great idea!" about the worst ideas you've ever heard. Then they act on them. I like that. This picture is funnier than all three dozen Seth Rogen projects. Well, that's SHOAH. <br /> <br /> Gojira films have been faking their own lineage stories since the 1960s, but this one goes further. What can you say about a culture that is willing to rape its own sacred cultural icons for a quick buck? This travesty features a World War II suicide brigade on "The Last of the Marshall Islands," which presents weapons to a dinosaur who drove out the US Marines. Then, inexplicably, the Japanese decide not to fight to the last man and instead leave the territory that was annexed to them by this giant lizard. They retreat to the mainland, where one of them becomes a business tycoon. Then it gets complicated. Blonde Men of the Future Who Are Irritated If They Still Can not Heal Male Baldness Return in a kind of flying saucer and ask a failed writer and famous celebrity for help in eliminating Godzilla before he destroys Japan. The "help" is questionable, since all of these citizens returned from 1992 to 1944 to watch some TV channels, but they did the script. One might think that the Japanese would know better in the 1990s than to trust people with spaceships. Fortunately for Nippon, the white boys - you can say that they are Americans because they say "Nucyal" - that they bring the Japanese girl who was abandoned in the future back to the past. In a touching depiction of ancestor worship, she outstrips her duplicity after putting on a flight suit made from a piping suit glued to a Sailor Moon rucksack. It turns out that these time-traveling, fashion-impaired Caucasians are jealous of the imminent take-over of the known world by the imperialist state (in the 22nd century, Japan will buy Africa, which sounds more like a liability than a fortune). These blondes in padded Chintz suits with non-functioning straps and super-zippers want to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorah, who will destroy Japan, with the exception of Tokyo. A strange choice, but Toho has done everything he can to avoid rebuilding the Tokyo skyline. <br /> <br /> Of course, we have the alternative spectacle of Fukuoka ("my garden city") and some other gulf-monsters intact big cities were devastated by a flying gold metal flake 1/3 of a Hydra. In a surprising revelation, we learn that King Ghidorah was made up of a few hand puppets standing in the microwave too long. Godzilla also does some of the demolition as the movie unfolds. Wait-have not the spaceship blondes destroyed Godzilla? Yes, they killed him in the third role. But no one had expected the Japanese of 1992 to have a secret submarine full of nuclear missiles - "Ha ha, do not worry, we will not keep it in Japanese waters" - with which you can build a new Godzilla out of the bones of an old one let dinosaurs start. But they do not have to, because a leaky atomic shipwreck has already made Godzilla complete again. Oh, and Godzilla finally comes to Tokyo, where he unites with his old buddy in a heartwarming moment full of tears. They look each other in the eye, and Godzilla nods as if to say, "Must, man." The tycoon nods understandingly. Then Godzilla blows him up. <br /> <br /> I should also mention here that in order to prevent Godzilla's reworked angry self from fulfilling its destiny and destroying Japan, the Japanese girl from the future returns to the future to ask for help from - yes - a bald white man. Probably because he regrets her as the only Asiatic figure of the 23rd century, he agrees to build a Mecha Ghidora and send it back to the 1990s, so that these two huge monsters can fulfill Godzilla's fate and destroy Japan. The girl controlling Mecha-Ghidora has difficulty controlling the joystick. <br /> <br /> This Godzilla suit design owes a lot to sumo - its thighs are limber enough to double for Rush Limbaughs, and its stomach and chest are thick and cumbersome. But in this picture, there are more exploding brickworks than in most of his adventures, which makes up for a lot. Also includes a man who, like Robert Patrick, plays a killer robot. Yes, in the future even the robots will have bald spots. Also, Megumi Odaka, who repeated her role as Micki, the only Japanese woman ever born with ears bigger than her Disney namesake and an even bigger acting style. It's not their fault: many Japanese directors seem to feel that a seventy meter screen is not big enough to show the emotions of a human face. I played for Japanese TV and I can tell you they are pushing you to do it. Obviously, they challenge their writers the same way. Thank God.
