Is there any other period of time that television (or the media in general) has treated as comprehensively as the 1960s? And do we really need a journey through this turbulent time? Not really. But if we have to have one, does it have to be as flat as "The 60s"? <br /> <br /> I like to think that co-authors Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield thought more about this two-part miniseries than what ultimately resulted, especially considering Couturie's involvement in the great HBO movie "Dear America: Letters "Home From Vietnam", which used little original music and no original material and let the sights and sounds of the time speak for itself.This presentation blends file material with dramatic production, but it's no use to anyone to try To do too much in too short a time Like so many of them, it is from the perspective of a family, but the children of the family seem to be tangentially involved in almost all the great events of the 1960s (it is amazing that one of they do not go to the Rolling Stones concert in Altamont), which makes it look less like a time drama and more like a Cliff Notes version of the decade Doers storm through so much that little or no time remains for the characters, with the stick figures our protagonists have been on the screen for ages Time - the child-father is particularly cliché-and then, when he's back at BLAMMO! It's Different Garry Trudeau could teach the filmmakers a thing or two how to do it right. For the sake of fairness, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material to the old college attempt, but they are wasted (especially the last two). It is undoubtedly good to see David Alan Grier in a rare direct role as activist Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (in an unspecified cameo in part 2) is always welcome. <br /> <br /> What's unwelcome is how "The 60's drown the soundtrack with so many historical songs that ultimately reduces the already minimal effect (and this may be the only time that an American television program has over America never mentioned the British invasion after the 60s - no Beatles, no Rolling Stones) ... and then there are only so many songs that you can put into a soundtrack album, right?). Because the surface and the plot with With the time and plot ending with an almost endless happy ending, "American Dreams" and "The Wonder Years" have done a lot better, with nothing to see that you will not see anywhere else, folks ... except Julia Stiles that makes the turn.
