The premise for Circle of Two is fascinating. A forbidden love between a sixty-year-old painter Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and a fifteen-year-old girl Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable in the light of social standards. The problem with Circle of Two, however, is that it does not deliver what it promises. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley should have been more involved with the script. When I saw this movie, I wanted to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I got boring dialogues, a pointless lecture on art, outings where Sarah seemed to have more fun outside of Ashleigh, and a final scene that was so artificial that its emotional impact was lost. This script makes good actors look bad. One can imagine, then, how the problems of the film were exacerbated by the largely amateurish cast that Jules Dassin assembled. Tatum O'Neill was not in her element. I did not believe for a second that her character Sarah was in love with Ashleigh. Her appearance seemed superficial, as in a beauty contest. It was like forcing herself to be happy when the script asked her to be happy and sad when the script asked her to be sad. The only scene I liked with her was at the end when she said nothing at all. That was probably the next thing Tatum Sarah Norton ever was real. But not only Tatum was to blame. Richard Burton's Ashleigh lacked the charm, charisma, and complexity to even attract women his age, let alone a fifteen-year-old. The rest of the cast was also grim. Even their argument was unconvincing as they waited to alternate alternately. Who does that? Michael Wincott as the jealous ex-boyfriend Paul was probably the best in this movie, but his role was small. In order to be fair to the actors, Dassin's direction failed them all; But it's also true that a great movie goes beyond the script. Kubrick's Lolita did that with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konchalowski's Runaway Train was beyond the script. Jon Voight and Eric Roberts played convicts. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about the characters in them. Despite his own result (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle of Two never succeeds. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between an elder painter and teenage girl is a good one, but the execution in Circle of Two is terrible. In many ways, is it a shame that a controversial, lolita-like story? What would most directors prefer to avoid for obvious reasons? have not received any smarter treatment; that a script that actors would have liked to rehearse was not written; that actors who were committed to their role or had talent to realize their characters could not be found; and that the director Jules Dassin (who was able to do so much better with films like Rififi and Topkapi) did not have to have the will to lay down his foot and say, "Before we film, we need to rethink the love story and revise the script." The only silver lining is that one day an intelligent movie about an older painter and a loving teenage girl can be filmed. If such a film ever appears, it will certainly trigger controversy, debate and questions for many years to come.
