That's the question you have to ask yourself when watching this movie "What was the point?" This movie was confused for only one and a half hours with totally unlikely people (who will not use the word cast) and a script that could be said did not exist. <br /> <br /> One of the things that made me laugh the most about this movie was how it was titled "Victorian History Written by," which means there actually was a script for that part of the story , The entire Victorian section had no dialogue and consisted only of shots of a man staring at a girl and vice versa. Make this part of the movie as a script, like at a train station. OK, time for the story. It starts with a man sitting in a chair and never coming out again. Oh, block, who needs you? These newspapers come to his house and practically ask him to tell this story about these dead girls. So he starts the story at Victorian times. and here's the scene (guy and girl are in a field.) Pretty music starts playing) (guy stares at girl) (girl stares at guy) (guy stares at girl) cut to the movie. This happens pretty much for about half of the movie. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is an incredibly unpleasant dialogue about a number of models who want to buy an apartment. So the broker shows them one, and if I say the dialogue is awkward, I mean, if he were a dancer, he would stumble during MACARENA. None of the characters in this movie is sympathetic. The models are incredibly irritating, the Victorians do not speak and the guy who tells the story has the personality of a bag of onions. At some point, all the girls are killed. and with killed I mean drugs offscreen. Oh. you have shown a death? and by death do i mean to hold her face until she makes up the blood? awesome. <br /> <br /> HOW this guy knows this story baffles me. He says it's because he saw it. but how? There was no man in this apartment! The door was locked, no way out, the windows were attached to a fire ladder that was too lazy to work. How the hell did he see all this? Oh, plot holes. we love you So the film ends with the newscaster: "I think you did it, you're wasting our time," even though she even asked him for the interview. What ever. This film was stupid, meaningless and made no sense with many action holes. I could go on and on about this movie, but I do not see the need. I prefer spending my time doing something useful. How to blow something. "Hell's Threshold" belongs more to purgatory with 2 stupid models. from 10.
