When I look at Floored by Love, I immediately think, "God, this looks like a really bad sitcom." Sure, it turns out that FBL is a pilot for a series that can start this fall in Canada, poor poor Canada. Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) live in a lesbian couple in Vancouver. Janet has already come to her mother, but Cara's parents are still in the dark about her daughter's homosexuality. However, the pressure is on itself when the parents from Malaysia come to the wedding of their younger brother. In the same week, British Columbia legalized gay marriage. Since Janet wants to marry, Cara has to decide if she should tell her conservative Chinese parents if she is gay. Will she? Would she? Could she? Cara's situation is in contrast to Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse just declared his homosexuality at the age of fourteen. Soon his biological father Daniel (Andrew McIlroy) comes to visit. His stepfather Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of being fully accepted by Jesse are being damaged by the fact that Daniel is gay and not. Does choosing 1-800 makeover help? <br /> <br /> Dialogue and delivery come directly from a smaller program of the 50s together with exaggerated physical emotion. The full house style melodrama is enough to wince you on occasion, and the comedy's attempts largely fail. McIlroy, Millar & Sky are the only performers to deal with this miscalculation, but given the material they need to work with, it's no surprise that no one impresses. It is possible that the campiness was purposeful. It often seems that the performers are by no means so bad that they have to try to imitate the inferior sitcoms of the past few days. If this is indeed the case, this review should probably be rewritten. The new version would focus on Floored by Love as a poor and ineffective broadcast of old sitcoms. <br /> <br /> The author / director Desiree Lim has put together an undisputed fairy tale according to the numbers. There was a time when it was just enough to have an openly gay protagonist to make an impact on the screen. This time is over. On this day we also need quality.
