I sat through this movie expecting a thought-provoking, fact-based movie. Instead, some of the least thought-out arguments have been given against the imaginable Christian faith. To prove that Christianity is inherently violent, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible without indicating the context and thus changing the meaning of the text. Jesus is quoted as commanding the execution of those who disobey him, though the quote actually comes from a parable Jesus told, involving a king who is then quoted. So the narrator gives the impression that Jesus is saying something when he actually tells a story in which one of his characters says so. This is dishonesty in a very obvious way. Is it really what the atheism of the world has to offer? This film also seeks to use the success of Christ's Passion over Jesus Christ: Superstar and Christ's last temptation as proof that Christians are bloodthirsty. He does not mention the fact that the Passion was historically the most historically accurate biblical film. He does not mention the fact that it was best loved by critics of the group. He then works on a series of violent images of the Passion, as if he wanted to hammer his point. Ironically, he does not mention the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, which came out a few months later and plays violence for entertainment rather than dramatic effects. <br /> <br /> One thing that really bothered me was his ridicule about the people who actually knew more about the subject than he did. All the Christians he interviewed were average dope in the parking lot of Billy Graham's New York Crusade. Atheists he interviewed for the film were notable authors and scholars. He asked the Christians how the Christian movement began, and of course they said that the Holy Spirit came to the disciples at Pentecost. Which is correct (Acts 2). Then he gives the comment: "Is not it funny how so few Christians seem to know the origins of their own faith?" and goes on to explain that the apostle Paul began Christianity after being stopped on the road to Damascus. The poor fellow seems to be convinced that Acts 9 takes place before Acts 2. More scams? Or is that just ignorance? He also casts nonsense about Paul not believing that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding me? 1 Corinthians 15 describes how Jesus testifies to the death and resurrection of people (whom Paul calls Passage) and asks the Corinthians if they have doubts! <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of how crap this "documentation" is. But because I have no time or patience to handle all, I go right to the end. Throughout the film, it is obvious that the narrator has an emotional revenge against his education in the church. And the highlight interview is HIS CHILDHOOD PRINCIPLE! In a last attempt to disprove the Christian faith, the narrator tries to fool someone who arrested him as a child. Is this what is considered intellectual documentation for the atheist community? Surely there are intelligent atheist filmmakers who can make a documentary that is not polluted crap called "facts."
