First let me say that I do not believe in God (if you want to use the word atheist, alright, but I do not like that word because it describes what I'm not, not what I am), but I hated that "Documentary." The production values ​​were almost non-existent, the premise was extremely shaky and the whole thing seemed to be an exercise in the uncertainties of Brian Flemming. The production values ​​were terrible and Brian Flemming is at best an amateur director. The story sounded like he was only telling the movie in one shot, and he did not train at all. There were many umms and breaks when he should have talked in the movie. Animation was too bad. <br /> <br /> The whole idea that Jesus is a mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and biblical scholars. As I said before, I do not believe in God, and I do not believe that the fact that Jesus was a real man or not does not say anything about the existence of God. In my personal view, Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived in a time when there were many Massias (see Apollonius of Tiana) and that the stories of his life and his sermon were disproportionate the further one went from his Death came. According to the Wikipedia article on the historicity of Jesus (and there is a good quotation for that, therefore it is garbage) "" Virtually all scholars of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee who, as a Healer was considered. was baptized by John the Baptist, accused of indictment against the Roman Empire and sentenced to death by crucifixion on the orders of the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate. [1] "At the end of the documentary, I wondered if this was more about the Director's uncertainties than anything else, and I wondered if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else, the most vivid example being the final interview, He is not even shy about it, the way he bombards the teacher is unfair, and although I partly agree with the director, it is a bad thing to teach the hellfire to the children Flemming had the chance to maybe start a good discussion if he was more tactile with his interview, instead he aggressively comes up with "it's not bad teaching kids this stuff." The guy stops the interview and I mean What did he expect, the client said, "Oh yes, I see it's, I've seen the light, that's going to be a secular school now?" It seems like Flemming is taking care of himself to avenge what he did wrong in his childhood. It's not about the documentation, it's about the uncertainty of Flemming and has nothing to do with the supposed topic of documentation. Flemming shows what he really does here, and that is the true downfall of this so-called documentation.
