It's not as if I remember the overwhelming memory of Verhoeven's original downshock shocker - it always seemed like a shiny, well-made airport-novel-of-a-movie. Exciting, sexy garbage, but still garbage. It was also a movie that attacked a certain sexual zeitgeist. After a decade of anti-AIDS-related hysteria, a movie about a wild-sex hotbod that kills thrills to increase its sexual pleasure was quite tempting. Basic Instinct 2 has always struggled to achieve the same social relevance and immediacy. The fact that there are desperate attempts at being so miserable can therefore be seen as lame and overlooked. All it really had to offer was the thin swing veneer and a slightly compelling story, and all would have been seen. It is truly extraordinary that it fails so terribly on so many levels and is a career paradise for everyone involved. Let's take the obvious for beginners - Sharon Stone is too old for the sexual magnet Catherine Trammell. The lens so photogenic through Verhoeven's lens looks like a lamb dressed as a lamb in the hands of the Michael Caton Jones, whose flat, sombre colors and static camera completely irritate her undeniable beauty. I really like Sharon Stone, but when the first movie started her career, BI2 could kill it. She has no chemistry with stuffed animal David Morrissey - her only sex scene is embarrassing to see. The character of his young man, with the character of a dough-faced mum, made me yearn for the boastful machismo of Michael Douglas with orange peel. The supportive twists and turns of David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling waste these good actors on crazy exposure scenes and stereotypical attitudes. And what about the much-vaunted sexual phenomena? Badly enlightened, glimpsed, as thoroughly mainstream as a consequence of Desperate Housewives - the European sensations that Verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film are painfully missed. Do not look at this movie for carnal thrills - there is none and what is tragic. Overall, the movie is so confused that it is completely confused, boring and ridiculous. In particular, the last 40 minutes in which you realize that the movie is actually nowhere interesting, are equally exciting and funny. As a failed sequel Basic Instinct 2 will take on a similar cinematic ground as Exorcist 2 The Heretic, Beyond The Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. As a vanity project, it rivals Battlefield Earth in its misunderstanding. As a piece of film that produces millions of dollars in Hollywood, it is a travesty that will be hard to beat in the worst of years.
