One of the most popular rental deals in my local video library is not Borat or The Departed, but a 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ titled The God Who Was There There by director Brian Flemming, a former Christian fundamentalist. Flemming claims in his 62-minute documentary that Jesus was not a historical figure, but a legend based entirely on pagan traditions. In interviews with authors, philosophers and historians to expose the longstanding Christian belief that Jesus, the Son of God, lived among men, was crucified and revived, Flemming compares the history of Christ with those of the cult figures of Isis and Osiris Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology and Roman mystery cults like Mithraism and find many surprising similarities. In addition to his evidence of pagan cults, he also notes that the earliest sources for the story of Christ, the four Gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the date on which Jesus was crucified, and that the letters of St. Paul has little evidence that Jesus is a flesh and blood figure. Unfortunately, Flemming does not seek to thoroughly investigate the truth about the life of Jesus, but to use the subject only as a starting point for a full-throttle attack on Christianity and all religions. Most interviews are with those who are philosophically attuned with the director, including professed atheists such as biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians surveyed are those on the sidelines, such as Scott Butcher, the creator of the Rapture Letters.com website, and Ronald Sipus, head of the fundamentalist Village Christian School, in which Flemming participated as a boy. <br /> <br /> Like Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Heston in Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus is in the middle. In a sarcastic tone, Flemming tells how wrong Christianity was wrong with regard to the sun turning around the earth and points to atrocities committed in the name of Christianity, such as the cult leader Charles Manson, who killed eleven people , and Dena Locksmith, who cut her baby arm for God. He also highlights a statement from a book by LaHaye and Jenkins stating that Christians "look forward to the day when all non-Christians are thrown into a lake of fire that howls and yells." To further turn against Christianity, Flemming presents expanded clips from Mel Gibson's The Passion of Christ, detailing each scene of violence and torture. What could have been a serious discussion on a very interesting topic eventually becomes a childish cry and a polemic against all religions. In condemning those who have used Christianity for unspeakable deeds, he ignores such people as the socialist Muriel Lester, a famous Christian pacifist, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, a Guatemalan Mayan Indian who helped find and revolutionized the Christians has received the Nobel Peace Prize recognition of her work for social justice, and Mother Teresa, whose work was about respect for the value and dignity of each individual. His most striking argument is his comparison of Christian doctrine with pagan cults and he does make some good points, but Flemming does not tell us that some aspects of these cults may resemble Christian doctrines, but that long after No texts or sources for these cults in the New Testament until AD 300. gives. It is also important to note a significant difference. The immediate goal of the initiate was a mystical experience that made them feel united with their God. This is a contradiction of Christianity, which believes that a church hierarchy, including priests and bishops right down to the Pope, is required to interpret God's will for humanity. <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian and have some doubts Whether Jesus Christ was indeed a historical figure or not, the truth is that it may not matter in the long scheme of things. What matters is that a message has been introduced to humanity and spread throughout the world that has contributed to the spiritual development of humanity. Regardless of the distortions and crimes that were later committed in their name, there were many, Christianity, as it was thought, a teaching of compassion and love and a moral and ethical code that promoted respect for our fellow human beings Welcome the fact that the film was made and a taboo subject was discussed. What is needed urgently is not another dubious attempt to use religion as a battlefield but to see it as a common thread that can bring people together in the world. While Annie Besant has room for debate and discussion on religious issues, "spiritual truths" are best seen in the clear air of brotherhood and mutual respect. The God who was not there is only recommended for those whose idea of ​​it is a good time to destroy the religion of others.
