First of all, let me say that I fully agree with the basic thesis of the film, that there was probably no historical Jesus, and that Christianity is a farce. With this statement, this film proves a pretty bad work to prove this thesis. There are good arguments - the gap between Jesus' theoretical life and the writing of the Gospels, filled only by the writings of Paul, who does not point to a historical Jesus - and then can not convincingly argue them. It makes far-reaching statements without presenting the evidence on which the statements are based, and it resolutely ignores the counter-arguments put forward by Christian apologists. Intellectual dishonesty, emotional manipulation, and the lack of serious arguments are obvious and dazzling. The only Christians we hear about in the film are the director of the filmmaker's old school - who is cut off like a sensible, sensible person trying to deal with a jerk with a chip on his shoulder - and various Christians which are apparently hit by chance a parking lot. I'm sorry, but the realization that average Christians do not know much about their religion is not clear evidence of Christianity's deceit. You might as well argue that Jay Leno has refuted the existence of Michael Dukakis in his jay-walking segment. The interviews with experts may be interesting, but the film is too much filled, frankly, the filmmaker is just a nutcase. In the first five minutes, the film has already mixed Jerry Falwell with Charles Manson and the authors of the Left Behind series with the branch Davidians. And in the end, the movie becomes so selfish that there are no rational arguments left, just an angry former Christian who beats down on the people and places he blames for his nasty childhood. You know, maybe this movie was interesting, but it was misplaced in a documentary about the historicity of Jesus, and he is so complacent that he dissolves all sympathy. This is a film by Michael Moore without the humor or cinematic acumen combined with a Richard Dawkins book without the joke or intellectual rigor. Skip it.
