Born in Italy, Eleonora inherited from her deceased lover Karl, a state-of-the-art and isolated house in the middle of the forest. It's winter and she meets the mysterious caretaker Leslie who, in the end, cares not only for the house, but also for Eleonora as she tries to adapt to her new environment and the growing appeal between the two. <br /> <br /> What did I expect? A thriller, but it was not like that. That's just the promotion on the package for you! I'm pretty baffled about everything. The title, the story and the motivation. How can you classify it? Well, this wooden character drama is more of an enigmatic, melancholy, romantic story in which alienation, possession and dependence are interwoven into a complicated passionate relationship between two masked individuals. Co-Writer (along with William Dafoe) and director Giada Colagrande's art-house film is just too clinical, distanced and calculated with its mysterious metaphorical story that makes you wonder what that really means? But when the sudden conclusion manifests, you think why I should actually care. What we are going through feels aimlessly with a clumsy representation of dead air, centered on insignificant details and images. Sterile dialogues can contribute to many uncomfortable developments, but they mostly provide lead-based experiences because they never go deep enough. As it believes, it does. The sexually salty activities that are filtered are never convincing and are by no means erotic. They are a kind of bump in the already sluggish river. The plot's plot makes something interesting and fresh, but it's never fulfilling, and I thought there was more to it than anything boring. Colagrande's direction is professionally stylish and appropriately bleak, if you want her to introduce herself, but everything feels like it's in slow motion and can catch up and admire the same views. Most of the action stays in one place? the House. The camera work is very tense, but the sombre music can be a little ridiculous if it uses dramatically stabbing musical features that make the scenes little sense and purpose. Giada Colagrande plays it sensually and William Dafoe sleeps by the role. He looks dog tired! While Seymour Cassel now and then pushes his head into it. <br /> <br /> Just where is it going? Well, if you can wait for that. I think I give the doubt the benefit, because it is definitely not what I would have expected from this indie movie.
