I respect the filmmaker Alex Cox. He's like the kid in school you think is a bit too hard to be "different", a literary punk rocker who's more than just his feet in spaghetti westerns and science fiction culture The world is ready to defend itself ... but then you see what he really can, the talent and the raw feverish artistry and moments of true absurd joy that are capable of him and you are ready to see what he has to offer. But his proverbial coin has two sides: he can either really beat him out of the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker), or just try a little too hard and pull out too many pretentious rabbits (straight to hell). Death and the Compass falls into the latter category, and although I respect his (mostly) original approach to a detective killer story, it also falls on her face and her comedy gets strangely boring. <br /> <br /> has a strange structure and a disrespectful style that he can follow: A detective, Erik Lonnrot, is after a murderer with Hellfire voice, red (something), and it seems like the Murderers with their victims leave disturbing clues: scrawled on the walls are messages that, according to eyewitness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston, who looks as if he had just left Shallow Grave without changing his appearance), are of religious importance Have Kabbalah. We follow Lonnrot in his case and his methods of following the offender. This includes a triangular and then compass-shaped pattern on the card, despite protests from stunned commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), who also looks back in fleeting seats at a desk and the audience in distraught but sad descriptions of his former employee and colleague to talk about the fact of the case. Oh, Cox has its moments of creativity and interest. For example, a shot of seeing the full extent of the shocking depths of the police station, where Eccleston's character is handcuffed ("For his own protection," says Lonnrot if he does It was followed by a long camera movement - perhaps the best or just the most curious - in which we were led through very dark corridors with very little orientation and lost in the labyrinth of twists and curiosities between the figures , And it's never something that's not fascinating, because Miguel Garzon's cinematography is a morbid treat. But the plot goes through hoola-hoops to keep things so absurd that they might as well bang together. The performances, aside from a self-confident Boyle and at the very end for Eccleston, are pretty bad, especially Sandoval, who seems to be squirming in his seat and reciting the stupid dialogue given to him in front of the audience. <br /> <br /> While the murder plan itself implies an intention for the audience, this is not something we have seen before, that it is in a society with many turmoil and architecture that points to Alphaville's next dilapidated wave it is too fast that it burns out quickly. What is the conflict here? I've never been so busy with Boyle's personal mission to find this killer, and I've been just a little concerned with the few flashes of confused scenes of the murderer (and / or murderer) that people are experiencing early in the building (Cox himself has done that) a funny cameo). And just when I started to think that this is going to make something great, with Boyle and Eccleston in that big building ("not as big as you think") in the southern part of the city, it suddenly gives us a "TWIST" We know the coming is coming in the back of our mind, but there is no hope, and it unravels each of the human drums to which it has led. For all the scary touches of Cox as a filmmaker, for all opposition to the spoon-feeding of the audience with a "conventional" approach that I respect, death and the compass finally cut off on the brainstem; it's masturbation.
