The name Uwe Boll is automatically linked to the bad horror / cult movie and every new movie he releases. Which is about two, three per year? immediately receives negative reviews and sharp criticism. You're almost tempted to believe that this is just a contemporary hype. You know, it's popular to hate Uwe Boll, whether you like his movies or not. Let me just assure you that this is NOT the case. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer / director and an ambitious threat to the entire film industry. "Seed" is another unfortunate proof of that. Here Boll tries so desperately to be controversial and shocking that he overlooks numerous other elements that every movie must necessarily have, such as an action, a narrative structure, character development, build-up of tension. "Seed" is a hideous movie full of unsatisfactory filth and incompetent filler. I once read that "Seed" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of today's popular horror trend of torture porn movies, but that's not even close. The film undeniably borrows some of the influences of "Saw" and "Hostel," but basically it's just another boring Slasher with an indestructible killer and violence against video games. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" are anything but boring and just confirm the obvious things that you knew would happen. You see, Boll was stupid enough to start his film with a (hyper-fast) scrolling text explaining that there is a US law that says jail prisoners have to be released on death row if they try three times to kill, fail. So you know this will happen later, but the first three quarters are still wasted catching a serial killer and putting him on the electric chair. Seed is a dumb serial killer who reportedly killed 666 victims (much exaggerated?) Carrying a bag over his head. He looks at real animal cruelty (and WE look at real cruelty to animals, thanks for that, Mr Boll) and videotapes that slowly decompose in their basement (including a crying baby who is really sick and twisted). When he is finally caught, during the most amateurish and implausible police hijab ever filmed, and on death row, the film becomes even more restrained. After Max Seed was buried alive because the electric chair could not fry him, he crawls back to the surface and goes for a brand new Murder Madness. This time he focused mainly on the people who arrested and executed him. <br /> <br /> The film's senseless conspiracy and the total lack of depth in the history of this film go far beyond the bad; They are downright annoying and insult the intelligence level of an average horror movie fanatic. Multiple twists and negotiations in "seed" are simply unacceptable to the reasonably functioning human mind because they are just too stupid! No one believes that cops and jailers bury a mass murderer alive without first firing a few bullets through his head. Nobody will admit that a fugitive convict can not be found for another six months, even though he has returned directly to the same hiding place where he first caught him! "Seed" is full of lingering little things like this and the movie gets dumber with every passing minute. Personally, I refuse to accept that the Cast & Crew members did not notice. You can really believe that Uwe Boll simply neglects all advice and criticism and turns his films only as stubbornly as he wants. I imagine his screaming things like "shut up and do as you're told" when they realize that the scene they're shooting makes no sense. <br /> <br /> Just for the fun of disturbing people, there's a gigantic overlong sequence in which Max Seed beats an elderly lady to death with a hammer while she's shackled to a chair in the middle of her living room. Instead of shocking, as Boll intended, this sequence skilfully embodies how pathetic and wannabe the whole movie is actually controversial. "Seed" is terrible, it is disgusting, it is unfortunate, is it? Boll
