Last year, Uwe Boll, as a filmmaker, showed a slight improvement by crafting the competent "In the King's Name" (a "Lord of the Rings" clone) and the proudly vulgar post-9/11 satire "Postal". "But then came" Seed "and the counter was reset to Zero, leaving his bid for legitimacy and respect even more out of reach, and I'm a fan of the guy - his films show a unique screwball vision and are never boring. <br /> <br /> Out of his frustration at the wild notes his early films have received, "Seed" is a colossally misguided attempt at social commentary and an even worse attempt to create a legendary Slasher mythology (Boll often seems to take a page from Rob Zombie's successful reboot of "Halloween.") The antagonist is Maxwell Seed (Will Sanderson), a dumb, limping thug who kills 666 people and sits on death row waiting for his execution When he has fried an unsuccessful animal, he rises from the grave to avenge himself on those who have laid him there ... and begins a series of completely unfounded chaos Creating New Millennium Slasher Unlike Michael Myers or Jason Voorhees, Max Seed is too unassuming and boring to make an impression. He ultimately resembles a washed-out professional wrestler making "The Toolbox Murders" on a succession of just as boring victims. In addition, Seeds character and Boll's "message" contradict one another: The death penalty is wrong, but is it really to be expected that we sympathize with a soulless murderer who left a few hundred bodies? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Michael Pare looks like a listless, long-lost brother of James Remar's character on "Dexter": a policeman who sits at his desk a lot, leafing through clippings and watching pointless stop-motion scenes, in which animals and humans trapped in Seeds camp were decomposed. By the time he and a few bullies storm Seed's hideout, the sequence is so lengthy, ill-thought-out (the lighting is almost nonexistent) and (despite a healthy dose of gore) unimpressive that I would almost like to sleep. <br /> <br /> The sloppy movie production is not limited to just this sequence: "Seed" seems to have been shot by a drunken cameraman, as the camera wiggles and weaves endlessly, a technique that is more stomach twists than the gussets even; These lengthy, very small processes only draw attention to the meandering, almost non-existent narrative. At 90 minutes, the movie is stretched so far that it's considered a kind of torture, which Boll's intentions have always been. <br /> <br /> Pure genius ... I guess the joke is mine.
