Think about what it must be like to be Uwe Boll. Somewhere, perhaps in those places where Jack Nicholson said that people do not talk at parties, Boll knows that as a child, David Lean had lice that had more talent for filming than he did. Gore Whores, Metalheads and the socially dysfunctional people may come across him on the racetrack and tell him something else, but the general public finds the output of the Teutonic helmsman so original, funny or unimaginative that he has become the bogeyman of the Internet. an online discursive synonym for photochemical excrement. Boll is doing his best to ride these naysayers, using tax credits in Germany and Canada to keep working, and collecting money from a network of dentists, like Zero Mostel did with old ladies in The Producers. The difference was that Mostel's character knew he would fill the gut. Maybe Uwe knows too. <br /> <br /> As hostile as they are every new "Bollbuster", IMDb users vote their ratings at 1 before they see them. Boll's attempts to silence his critics by challenging them to a boxing match and leaving them made them more determined. In fact, he is probably the only filmmaker to boost sales of thesaurus when critics searched for imaginative descriptions of trash. This rush has made Uwe a very thick-skinned man, so much so that he needs to feel a rug, but one who feels bullied by the whole world. Like most people in this situation, he's determined to annoy as many people as possible with the memory of a tearful evening holding Variety's account of the House of the Dead, never too far from the surface. This strategy, "I know you are just what I am" to win back the initiative, created Postal's dull satire, which tried to persuade the dissenters with jokes about September 11, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, the To conceal National Socialism and pedophilia. For such anecdote, it takes a satirist with the notion of Peter Cook and the visual notion of Chris Morris, but Boll comes closest to any man who is the O in his surname. In Seed, shot back to back with the aforementioned game adaptation, Boll is back with a story about a sadistic serial killer (is there any other style?) That gets the chair only for two tries to permanently prune all vital signs. Considering the fictitious law that says anyone who is still alive after three attempts must be free, even though, if you fried with so much electricity, why would you do that, he is legally declared dead and buried just so the morose killer reappears and start a whirlwind tour of his followers. <br /> <br /> Boll starts his "exploration of nihilistic rage" with Seed and looks at footage of animals being tortured for experimental purposes. From there we are treated with the merchandise of the killer. Kidnaps dogs, babies and adult women and starves them in front of the camera to become maggot food. We're invited to think about what a rotten race of Amoral meat sacks we all are. Our inhumanity among ourselves and our fellow humans, who act as a staff of light, act as a catalyst for the most disgusting traces of the human situation. Yes, we are worthless, gormlose sadists and worse, we give Uwe a good rating of the IMDb. In short, humanity is a bunk. <br /> <br /> Of course, one might think that Uwe relies on our worst excesses for his livelihood, and in this sense, it is a bipolar part that on the one hand hates its audience and the other hates the acidic milk of human goodness make-up The milk that poor old Boll had to drink for so long while whipping his member at the same time and those who had a pornographic lust, on the screen inviting the depravity to marvel at their pure ass gap belt. <br /> <br /> The result says nothing about the company and its dissatisfaction, rather the caustic effect a bad press has on its director. Poor Uwe is obviously a very angry man. A scene in which a poor woman gets her brain hammered into a porridge while she is tied to a chair, no doubt a substitute for her own fantasies about sending out various Internet critics. That it is there, but pursuing an avant-garde approach, by not being tied to a narrative thread, shows that Boll is a pornographer who likes to deal with the bloodlust of his audience and knows that the conspiracy surpasses the requirements. He has made a film that is competently shot, but completely desolate. "I wanted to make a horror movie that was not fun," Boll told the audience at the film's world premiere, and he'd made it with this flimsy manifesto, but if that convinced the director's critics that he had a serious genre Filmmaker was, He needs to say something real as well as a better, more original way of saying it.
