"National Treasure" (2004) is a thoroughly misleading hiccup of conspiracies that is based on almost every cloak and dagger of a government conglomerate cliché ever written. The movie stars Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious is that, I ask you?); a seemingly normal guy who, for no other reason than a series of like-minded, misguided fortune-hunters, decides to steal a "national treasure" hidden by the founding fathers of the United States. After a bit of subtext and background playing ridiculously (unintentionally) like Indiana Jones and The Patriot, the film degenerates into one misguided mood after another? In an attempt to create a "Stanley Goodspeed" excitement from Nicholas Cage, and to bring the whole confused mess with a series of high-octane, but incoherent mishaps. The Relevance and Logic for George Washington and His Colorful Crew Director Jon Turteltaub never gets rid of patriots who have buried the ransom of a king somewhere on home soil, and then go through the meticulous plan of scattering clues in the artworks of the US currencies explain completely. Could Washington not find a better use for such wealth during the country's construction? So we have a mystery built on a puzzle that is already shaky when Ben appoints himself the new keeper of this unimaginable wealth. Ben's intentions are noble? if confusing. He wants to protect the treasure. For whom and when is your guess as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there are a few issues with Ben's crusade. First of all, his friend Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides that he can not wait for Ben to decide to steal the Declaration of Independence from the National Archives (oh, yes, a brilliant idea!). Presumably, the back of this famous document contains the secret answer to the ultimate fortune. So Ian tries to kill Ben. The assassination attempt is of course unsuccessful if it is overly melodramatic. It also gives Ben the opportunity to pick up and record the very sultry archivist Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). She thinks that Ben is clearly a nut? at least in the beginning. But true to the action / romanticism, Abby's determination melts faster than you can say, "Is that the Hope Diamond?" The movie switches to X-File-ish mode. The FBI falsely believes that Ben is behind the theft and takes vengeance in various ways, resulting in a multi-layered action sequence reminiscent of Mission Impossible and The Fugitive. Honestly, do these guys never get information that's right? After all, "National Treasure" is not a great movie, rather it's a patchwork remake of tired, old pieces from other films woven from shreds like those that would make IL 'Betsy Ross blush. <br /> The Buena Vista DVD offers a far more generous treatment than this movie deserves. The anamorphic widescreen shows a very soft and finely detailed image with very rich colors, natural skin colors, full black and pure white. The stylized image is also free of errors and digital enhancements. The audio is 5.1 and delivers an intense and realistic sound for your side and rear speakers. The extras include a variety of advertising material for promotional material, which is explained quite profoundly and exaggeratedly in explaining how and why this film was made. If only the public had more clarity on why Ben and co were chasing an illusory treasure, this could have been a good movie. Extras complete with the movie trailer, audio commentary and deleted scenes. Not for the faint of heart ?? only the stubborn ones.
