I saw this movie in one of the pay-per-view channels last night, and as I looked at it, I quickly wondered why I was bothered. Honestly, I really expected something more from this movie. Maybe something like "conspiracy theory". Why? Maybe because of the casting. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel, after all. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I'm wondering, why did you bother? Instead of a gripping action mystery drama, however, I was entangled in a devil's land with breakneck stupidities like the Goonies, which, to my great surprise, actually caused critical praise. Perhaps it is because "The Goonies" was clearly aimed at the audience of young people and adolescents. While 'National Treasure' was, in the view of the previews seriously intended to address an adult audience. <br/> <br /> The suspension of unbelief is one thing. So you can enjoy sci-fi and horror. But I actually refused to withstand the heaped tablespoons of paranoid and conspiratorial triplets that were hit on the audience. Oh, the scriptwriter threw everything around the jargon, which was meant to provoke serious, committed wonder. "Wow, the Masons, the Knights Templar, you know, that could be true!" I think the writer really lost me when Gates said the Founding Fathers hid the treasure to keep him out of the hands of the British! Where did the Knights Templar come from? New Jersey? I forget. From France! That explains how it ended up in Philadelphia during the revolution. It was brought there by Napoleon's agents! At any rate, you can see what I'm after. The premise of the film is interesting. And I really believe that it could succeed as a serious mystery drama. But it just so happens when another child puts on adult clothes. In the end, I think it encourages the public not to simply suspend the faith, but to purposely make oneself ignorant in an insulting measure. It's a shock to switch from fine dining to Hollywood Big Mac and French fries. <br /> <br /> Okay, okay. If you're chasing chases, explosions, and "Gee-Whiz" gas, enjoy "National Treasure." But it's a kind of movie. Well, have you ever stood in front of a movie theater and waited for the previous audience to come out? And all the kids are talking excitedly and saying things like, "Wow, did you see this thing blown up? It was so cool!" "National Treasure" is such a movie.
