John Carpenter's career is over when this sad excuse for a movie is a clue. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and the two vampire girls Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover probably all fit in the same clothes. In short, it was hard to say which guy was lean-as-lean as a ramp model. Bon Jovi has the most charisma. At least he looks happy when he smiles. The two vampire girls, however, are all cramps and discomfort. At some point they give themselves a wet kiss, but stop. Amazing how each vampire movie contains Morays for each vampire. At some point, Arly Jover gives fellatio to a very stupid vampire hunter and sucks his blood during the sex act. It would have been an erotic moment except that it was filmed like a total fool and the male actor looked slightly amused as he watched Arly Jover move her head to imitate something that obviously did not happen. When it comes to blood, some heads are torn off and the blood splatters. These scenes have so little tension or agglomeration that they are almost funny when they happen, and there is no "horror" pay of the scene. All you get as a spectator is a sense of "Wow, that was certainly a lot of red paint splattering on the walls, I wonder who needs to tidy them up." Throughout the movie, these vampire hunters who are obviously trying to kill Arly Jover (the top vampire in the world?) Are constantly following her. Once Bon Jovi walks into the deserted church and after shooting her with an arrow (and on other occasions as well), he says, "I'm not trying to hurt you, I just want to talk to you, I want get to know you. "HUH ?? Of course, the stupid vampire Arly jumps out to say hello, and Bon Jovi puts it back with another gagging device. "Why can not we be friends," WAR's hit song of the 1970s was the title song of this film. Apart from all the other stupid moments, there is a transfusion sequence in which Natasha Wagner has removed all her vampire blood and the city dwellers all set themselves up to donate blood for their transfusion. I think the blood type is not important? Anyway, all vampire blood is removed. Bon Jovi then decides that if this blood is carried into him, he can beat Arly by also becoming a vampire. Of course, if the vampire blood is transferred to him, no healthy blood will be removed. Apparently, Bon Jovi runs around twice as much blood as every human in his body. And just like the first VAMPIRES, this one also has the vampire flame special effect.
