Live Feed is located somewhere in an unnamed Chinese / Japanese Asian neighborhood, while five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood), one enjoy night in the city and sightseeing. After a row in a bar with a Japanese Triad boss (Stephen Chang) they decide to visit a porn cinema. Inside, they are separated and quickly find out that the place belongs to the Triad boss, who uses people to torture and kill people for reasons that are not clear. Can local boy Miles (Kevan Ohtsji) save her? <br /> <br /> This Canadian production was co-written, produced and directed by Ryan Nicholson, who also receives a prosthetics designer prize. You have to say that Live Feed is another pretty bad low-budget movie that was filmed on a camcorder-type horror movie. He just seems to be there to pay for the popularity and success of Hostel (2005) and the mini-craze for "torture porn," as it is known. He wrote, after hearing about certain activities in live sex theaters, according to IMDb's trivia section for live feed author and director Nicholson. In my opinion, he wrote after seeing hostel! The script is pretty bad, there's no reason why this porn cinema has a fat, ugly freak dressed in bondage gear running around people torturing and murdering. Was it for the Triads? Was it for his pleasure? Was it snuff film making to sell? A kind of explanation would have been nice. Why did he end up addressing the Triad boss? If you are looking for a movie with a coherent story, forget about the live feed. It seemed to me an uncomfortable, misjudged mix of sex, S & M, horror, torture, gore & action movies that does not lead to success. I mean, if you shoot a horror movie in a porn movie, your movie does not turn out well. It still has to be a decent script and a good story, right? The characters were pretty bad clichés and some of their actions and motivations were more than questionable. It moves at a reasonable pace, it is quite ambiguous, but it looks cheap, which reduces the effect. <br /> <br /> Director Nicholson does not do anything special here, the editing is choppy & annoying he seems to think that lighting almost every scene with neon lights is almost a good idea and the film looks cheap. Available in the versions "R" and "Unrated". I've seen the shorter "R" version, which is not really that bloody, but I'm willing to voice the doubt of the "unrated" version a lot, a lot of gorier, but I can not say for sure. There is also a lot of nudity, if that's your thing. I would not say that there is a lot of atmosphere or fear here because it is not or not, and although it generally has a dark tone, which I think is going well. <br /> <br Technically, Live Feed is not particularly impressive, the blood is a bit too watery for my taste. Entire scenes immersed in annoying neon lights sometimes make it hard to tell what's going on, it often looks like it's been shot with one hand. The camcorder & the choppy editing at least on the 'R' rated version is at times an annoying mess. Filmed on location in a real porn cinema somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. Acting is bad, sometimes I could not say if the actresses should cry or laugh here. Live Feed is not a movie I'd recommend to anyone to overthrow and buy or buy rent, I have not thought much about it, with its very weak, predictable storyline that lacks exposure, and that goes nowhere, bad spectacle and less than impressive Gore (at least in the 'R' category). Watch hostel movies again or instead, as they are superior.
