First and foremost, the actor they have to play Jesus has blue eyes ... Half of the actors they play as Jews have blue eyes. Are not there enough brown-eyed actors out there? Since Jesus is depicted with blue eyes, he is one of my favorite games. He was a thoroughbred Jew! Second, what about old English-language films that are supposed to be in non-English-speaking countries, and everyone has English accents? (Another example is David Lean's "Dr. Zhivago.") Are not there enough Jewish actors or actors who can have an Israeli accent? Often, the film does not agree with the scriptures and seems to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus' claim to be Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, a voice comes from heaven, "This is my beloved Son, in whom I am most pleased." - Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22. In the movie, John the Baptist says this! The scriptwriter also seems to be trying to portray the believers as crazy. In the Bible, for example, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will become pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the film we do not see or hear an angel - Mary seems to speak to him a moonbeam, and as Mary's mother hears her speak to someone and looks at her, she does not hear or see anyone. When Jesus talks to the Pharisees in the temple in Jerusalem in the film, he says, "You will not see me again here, not until you learn to cry." Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord, 'cause I and my father are one and the same. "The right line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is," You will not see me again until you say, 'Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord.' Jesus never claimed to be God. The film cuts out many important parts (the Sermon on the Mount is greatly re-released), but then spends a lot of time with what is not even in the Bible (a whole scene in which Mary Magdalene talks to a John). It seems that instead of making a film version of Scripture, the screenwriter wanted to make a film about what he thinks he really did happen behind the scenes (and between the scenes). However, the film has a jewel - during the scene in which Jesus tells the parable of the prodigal son and Matthew, the tax collector's house, I had tears in my face. It's the best movie I've ever seen about Jesus' ministry (but that does not say much because the others are just terrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite film about the last days of Jesus ("The Passion of Christ" is too graphic), though I like how "Jesus of Nazareth", instead of just ending with Jesus' death, goes on and shows his resurrection ,
