Scary Movie 3 is not as funny as its predecessors, but it still has its funny moments. It all starts when wandering reporter Cindy Campbell finds harsh news on television. She soon discovers an unprecedented onrush of world-famous developments, including extraterrestrial invaders, killer band shoots, fancy crop circles, and more. With the conspiracy of massive proportions and a crew of very strange people following her, Cindy must fight to keep the evil from conquering the world again. The plot is not an issue here as the first two actions were less. This time, they're focusing on Signs, The Ring, Matrix Reloaded, and 8 miles, as well as many others, just not so much as the ones mentioned earlier. The first was one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The second one was not that good, but still funny. The third is mildly pleasing, but nothing special. Let's just say that I did not mind seeing it, but I probably never want to see it again. The jokes are either hit or miss and the ones that are funny usually affect Charlie Sheen. The lame are usually Anthony Anderson, who is overrated. Why he is always occupied is unclear because he is not funny. Anna Faris gives a funny idea and is somehow underestimated. Simon Rex shows potential as he was not that bad after all. Regina Hall also returns as Brenda and she gives a pretty funny performance. The rest of the cast consisted of quite a few cameos. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had the funniest scene among all cameos. Her spoofing in the opening sequence, The Ring and this scene, proves to be one of the more enjoyable in the movie. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others also have cameos. David Zucker is a director, and while this is not another plane, it is not another daughter of My Boss. It is pointless to really analyze a pure comedy as the main thing that people want to know, whether it's funny or not. Like I said, if you like it, you probably will not really like it. In the end, I found it a bit disappointing, as the PG-13 rating weakens it, but it can still be enjoyed. Rating 6.3 / 10
