Director Sun-Woo Jang was disgusted at first because I felt he had cheated on me. Jang had the potential to create a strong, deeply emotional film about sex and its impact on humans, but decided to focus his strength more on the pornographic element than on the actual human element. I could not see the characters at first, and his sloppy introduction, which combined realism and cinema, was amateurish at best. However, I remembered this movie for days after watching it. What stayed with me was not the story, it was neither the characters nor the obvious pornographic character of the film, but the transition that Jang demonstrated between Y and J. If you look carefully at this movie, you will see that both begin in an exploratory phase of their relationship, that like to leap into the unknown, but are not sure about the next step. As they continue to meet and explore new ways of pleasure, they are constantly jumping between the attacker and the attacked. At first, Jang thinks that J is the one who controls the situation, and then reversal becomes explosive when J is obsessed with Y. It's a very small change, and due to the graphic content of this movie, this is easily missed, but it's there. It obviously becomes clear in the end that J can not live with Y as their meetings become less frequent and J tries to become part of the normal society. This was a huge and very exciting element that this movie could see right before your eyes, but unfortunately it was the only element that was worth seeing. <br /> <br /> I will ignore those who speak of this film as pornographic, because at the heart of the film are human elements, as underdeveloped as they are, they are there. It is a film about a facet of our lives that is rarely explored in the cinema or mentioned in the newspaper. What happens behind closed doors is never known? or so we should believe. While the act repeats itself after some time, director Jang tries to change it with something constantly changing scenery. Our characters are constantly moving from hotel room to hotel room to quench their thirst for the other's flesh. That's fun at first, but even here, Jiang's repetitive series seems boring. This leads me to the biggest problem I had with this movie. Jang had a great story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (apart from the obvious choice of focusing directly on the pornographic side) was that he made scenes and repeated them over and over again without ever changing allow us to know the characters Where did Jang go with this movie? Did he want the sex to tell the stories, or did he think the characters would do it? He failed in that sense because at the end of the film we know so little about Y and J that we do not care how they dissolve. The end seems almost random at best, as Jang tries to create a final resolution for our two absolute unknowns of this film. I have to give some appreciation to Jang, but not much. He tried to create some sub-stories that would create the personal element we lacked, but they just could not work well together. Y's brother and J's wife were those points of action, but again, these stronger sub-stories became imperceptible and boring because he was so focused on the sexual element. Maybe I just saw this movie, but outside the sexual scenes nothing else worked. We did not know anything about J and Y, and that's why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would say that this film could benefit from a strong score or a distant music genre. Bring us, the audience, closer to the feelings that J and Y feel. As far as I can remember and I try to push this film out of my mind, I do not remember musical undertones. Gojitmal might have been a stronger movie, if Jang stylized it with music or did something to allude to the characters of our character. While I understand that he wanted sex to speak for himself, there was only one technical element missing in the film that might erase a stronger desire for more. Technically, that was a bad movie. Obviously an independent film in nature, it felt like director Jang was trying to make symbolic references out of nothing, rather than your type, which is independent of this nature. I saw neither a social message nor a human element as mentioned above. I just had the feeling that he threw this movie together over the course of two weeks and understood that the sex would sell him enough. This was not a Larry Clark production; This was below average and definitely required some more technical clicks to make it stronger than the final release! <br /> <br /> I think I could have liked this movie, and there were smaller elements that I enjoyed, but I felt that this movie was rash and repetitive and played too much taboo instead of them to break. The obvious pitfalls of this movie can be seen in the last scene of this movie, if we know how the title of this movie was conceived. Our characters were uneventful, our history underdeveloped, and we could have used something memorable to turn events between Y and J into something more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang was trying too hard to capture the art house and pornography? and it failed miserably. This was not a movie that was worth the time and effort it took to make it. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** out of *****
