POSSIBLE VERY MINOR SPOILERS <br /> <br /> This movie will be the first Russian horror movie to be billed. Unfortunately, "The Witch" (her Russian title) will take an unworthy position in the gallery of horrible Russian films. It is based on Nikolai Gogol's story "Viy", a classic in Russia. "Based" is the keyword here because no knowledge of the story is required. The less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> It's a unique production because we're used to directors taking stories from other cultures and adapting them to their own culture. The flood of American remakes of foreign films is a prime example, but then Sturgess Kurosawa's Seven Samurai turned great into The Magnificent Seven, and Kurosawa transferred Shakespeare's Macbeth to Japan to make an incredibly powerful throne in Blood, while King Lear became a captivating one Ran. However, with "The Witch" we have Russians transplanting a Russian classical story on American soil. The film was shot in Estonia in English with the aim of copying it into English with American actors and making his lip movements reasonably synchronized. <br /> <br /> As a natural consequence, the colorful Ukrainian background has been lost to the story. In a dreary American town that seems to come from an outdated horror book manual. Gone is the drunken seminarist Khoma Brutus, instead we have a nasty journalist who wants to win the Pullitzer Prize and at the same time writes about X-Files-like events and Miss Boobs contests. (I never thought that the Pullitzer Prize would be awarded for this type of writing, now I am humbly corrected.) In a strange nod to Russianness, the journalist Ivan Berkhoff is called. You should have named him John Smith because it's impossible to get more fantasies, clichés, and generics than in this movie. <br /> <br/> Berkhoff goes to a town called Castleville, sits on a dirt road, staggers on until he finds a rundown house and is not greeted by an old woman. All this to accompany a broadcast announcement that the forces of evil are strongest and people better stay indoors and avoid water. Do I have to mention that it rains really hard? After some supposedly frightening scenes in which I had to laugh, the story finds our journalist disguised as a priest, he is considered a priest, and the local sheriff tells him that his daughter, who died after a brutal attack, becomes the new priest for her wanted to pray three nights. At this point, the action supposedly begins. Those who have time to kill are welcome. <br /> <br /> What's up with this movie? Everything, from the dialogue to the props department. The dialogue I heard in Russian was obviously originally written in English and was composed solely of clichés and platitudes selected from American films. The actors had to struggle as clearly with English because the timing of their speech was tedious and unnatural, and the Russian dubbing followed their example. Acting is mostly cruel, and not only because actors often find it hard to speak, but because they do not remember a series of facial expressions. Mostly they are just empty or you wish they were. The only exception is the sheriff, played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​an outstanding Estonian actor, and Arnis Lizitis, a wheelchair user from Castleville. Oh, and of course a cock that is totally natural in front of the camera! I know that actors have complained about dogs and cats, but when Nikolaev is struck by a tap, that's a sad proof for the overall quality of acting in the movie. <br /> <br /> There was not a single scary moment in the movie, and there was not a single original moment in the movie. The comment comes from someone who is inexperienced with horror. The film is filled with standard moves that have been used in horror film since the founding of the genre. At a critical moment, the camera hangs affectionately on a kerosene lamp. The lamp goes off immediately. It must have seen some horror movies as well. An example of extreme idiocy comes at a different time: a character jumps out of the bathtub and runs into the camera. He wears something that looks like loincloth! Idiotic does not work! <br /> <br /> Those in Russia who like it say it should have been promoted as a mystic thriller. I was not thrilled either. It was normal from beginning to end. I particularly enjoyed the fact that the entire population of the small town behaved as if they knew exactly that they were living in a horror movie, unless they were not sure if there were zombies or not. Therefore, some of them acted zombie-like just in case. <br /> <br /> The makers of the film say it's about finding faith. Such a beautiful collection of idiotic acts, foolishly invented moments and yes clichés does not deserve to be believed. The film is so thorough and completely unreal that it deserves only an exhibition in a wax museum.
