What's in here ?! Let me tell you. It is the presence of (Alec Baldwin). He is not a great actor, but maybe a nice star with some good movies, of which this is not one of them. He did nothing here except before or after. Not to mention (literally!) The thing that (Steve McQueen) plays the same role in the original, because I do not want to make that comparison. I am not a big fan or a fan of (Kim Basinger), she has a lot of bad movies and even in her best condition she looks average! And it gets on my nerves when they talk about their seductive, rare beauty !! Well, if I was blond, I would dye my hair yellow as soon as possible! And what about all the weirdness about Miss Basinger's Legs? !! It is certainly madness or a bad taste? Since I do not feel them both not only as sexy, but also as ugly! And if you hate that, shoot me down, but you know what ?! I just saw this movie, so I'm already dead! But what would really make you suffer unbearably is that none of the credits are part of what they most deserve? And of course I mean (Jennifer Tilly). Now we are talking about a real seductive chick with such an unforgettable body and a unique feeling of attraction like a slutty brunette (Marilyn Monroe), but much healthier !! (I can not resist, she was the only new and observable thing here!). (Michael Madsen) as the villain was much more attractive and effective than the good guys, (James Woods) is here to summarize the early events next to the pool (so the trailer would later be by his voice!) And he knew it above all, what the whole Hollywood stuff is, so "Do your thing, take your money and good luck as an actor in other movies!" The main goods of it (The action, The thrill, ..) are done here and pretty well, though any echo is not so strong for deep meanings about (the types of betrayal) as the dramatic main motive of the whole thing is not waiting for it. All in all, another remake without anything special (except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!). I think I tried to be as objective as I could. So I should not finish my review and say that (Basinger) or someone here was better than this movie .. It would be an insult, because honestly .. Everything is better than this movie!
