Renowned cameraman Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) directs this pretty bad horror / drama movie. 19th-century England takes a different view on how to handle the practice of medicine, as opposed to Dr. Catherine. Thomas Rock, the law that states that only the bodies of hanging criminals can be studied and experimented. But the supply of these bodies is small and rock needs more - and he prefers it fresher. Since he is an outsider in his circle, he begins to pay people to find corpses where he can study and test. Desperate sleazebags Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom take advantage of the opportunity to start murdering people and selling them to Rock. Of course, this type of action has even worse consequences than practicing on the bodies of non-criminals and causes problems for all. While the whole story on paper sounds intriguing, almost everything about The Doctor And The Devils is ridiculously bad. After the first fifteen minutes of the movie, you're already starting to question your decision as to whether you want to sit down and watch the movie. The overall look of the movie is just ugly. Since the film was set in the slums of England in the 19th century, the filmmakers probably had an "ugly" look, but they do not do so artistically. Everything from set to cinematography just looks cheap, weak and disgusting. Pretty much everything in the scene is filled with something you just can not take seriously, and that mostly has to do with somebody (in both the small and the big roles) who does something that looks or sounds absolutely ridiculous , Francis certainly did not help his actors much. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play the twisted buddies of the movie, Fallon and Broom, and are very bombastic, but very bad. Her characters are naturally crazy, but Pryce and Rea overreact the pieces to death. Above all, they have difficulty keeping the same accent from shot to shot - especially Pryce goes from Cockney over Irish to Long John Silver to a kind of lagoons creature and so on and so forth. It's also a humor that Twiggy is even featured in this movie, let alone a sought-after street whore, as she can not act to save her life (though her song is not so funny during the credits). Boy, she was certainly a long way: from "Flower Power" to "I'll take my clothes off for a shillin '!" As bad as these three actors are in this movie as well: Julian Sands takes the price for the worst performance of the movie home. He is just as lame as he gets, making a laughing attempt after another to express anger, love, happiness, fear - choose an emotion, every emotion! <br /> <br /> There's only one good thing about The Doctor And The Devils: Timothy Dalton's appearance Skirt. Although Dalton is surrounded by cinematic wastewater, it is very good. an electric representation of an overly driven but good-natured man. Too bad the rest of the movie could not have been as good as Mr. Dalton ...
