I can understand what Barney is trying to achieve, but after sitting in a college movie house last night, I could not help but think ... when will that end? A very long and cumbersome two hours and fifteen minutes. I had only seen part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and thought I knew what to expect. However, experimental films like these are better digested in small steps. There are a few beautiful / horrible pictures ... including the title sequence (no joke), but if you count on these types of actions or meanings, you will experience a long, slumbering ride. I managed to stay awake (if that's a compliment), but mostly I waited for a meaning or narrative ... big mistake. Among the collection of images is a very ornate gift-wrapping ceremony, creating a disgusting bowl of petroleum jelly plates that are shaped with a cookie cutter and sprinkled with shrimp (this is served to the crew of the ship shown) throughout the movie) Bubbly cheesecake with a large tentacle herb in the center, and the mutual evisceration of Bjork and director Matthew Barney, which eventually leads to a bizarre type of communion, followed by their transformation into whale-like creatures. The soundtrack is sometimes nice and annoying ... sometimes even irritating. Once a song is sung by Bjork to accompany the ephemeral rituals that are played before us, and at other times there is only a constant roar of a high instrument in which a mysterious woman plays in music at the beginning and end of the film. If that sounds like it makes no sense, it's because it's NOT DOING! If this sounds like a cup of tea, you will absolutely love it! If this sounds like something that you probably do not like, then you are a long way off as you will probably be leaving the theater during the halftime, as several people in the screening I attended. This is the definition of an art film. You get what you take from it. But apart from a few curiosities and constant construction and deconstruction rituals, there is not much else. I am glad that there is a place for films like this, but I can not say that I would like to have a look again. However, I can not say that I did not want to see and compare any of Barney Cremaster's films from start to finish. I think, now that I know what to expect, I could enjoy something more. To give you an idea of ​​the understanding of this film, I would probably have liked it better if I had been stoned. On the other hand, it could have been twice as long as it had been then, and then it would have been REALLY difficult. Definitely not for everyone.
