Winter Kills is a terrible, incoherent and very disappointing conspiracy comedy thriller by unknown director William Richert. As I watched the movie, I honestly felt like I was the emperor in the classic fable, The Emperor's New Clothes. In the movie, I felt like an idiot because I could not make a head or tail from either the serpentine or the nonsensical characters. But it was kind of embarrassing to admit to myself that the movie is tying my brain into knots. So I stayed there until the very end, hoping that the whole clutter would resolve itself. Then I realized that the film is considered reputable, nonsensical and illogical, because that's the whole point. This is a satirical look at conspiracy theories and theorists, where the conspiracy of action serves as a metaphor for the entanglement of truths, half-truths, and lies that govern any conspiracy. Even when I knew the joke was on me, I felt that Winter Kills is a pretty horrible movie. The young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of a former US president who was murdered in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a dying man says he shot the president and gave detailed information about where he hid the gun. Nick follows the clues, but the people who help him seem to die every step under mysterious circumstances. Even his father Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and disgusting businessman, keeps bothering Nick's investigation. The deeper he delves into the assassination, the more Nick realizes he is descending into a web of complex lies and red herrings, where nothing is as it seems and no one can trust. <br /> <br /> The Movie It's an absolute nightmare to follow, and in many ways it's not worth following for the reason given above because it's deliberately involved. The cast is full of extraordinary talents, but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most pointless cameo roles in film history. Elizabeth Taylor does not appear in the credits and has not a single line of dialogue; Richard Boone gets a seemingly interesting role, but his character goes nowhere. John Huston has the best role as a powerful patriarch and delivers the few enjoyable moments of the film with his exciting delivery. Anthony Perkins also gets a scary role and deals well with it, although his screen time is far too short to fully meet the character. Some nudity and sex scenes are thrown in for no real reason, and although they are pretty graphic and appeal to voyeurs, they really belong in another movie. The semi-comic climax of the film is grotesque and disappointing, but in its strange way paradoxically memorable. There's obviously a cult crowd somewhere for winter kills ... but I do not count myself among its numbers.
