Altered Species starts on a Friday night in Los Angeles, where dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and his lab assistant Walter (Allen Lee Haff) burn the midnight oil as they continue to perfect a revolutionary new drug called Rejenacyn. As Walter taps the last failed attempt into the sink, the pipes drain the fluorescent green liquid into the basement where escaped lab rats start drinking it. You can step on a rat, Gary (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hofman) Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decide he has worked too hard and has to get out of the car so they can get it off and celebrate the night. Back in the lab & Cleaner Douglas (Robert Broughton) was attacked and killed by the now murderous rats in the basement as Walter injected the newest batch of serum into a lab rat that squirts out of her cage as she grows at an astonishing rate. Walter's friends appear, but he can not walk while the rat is still missing. Everyone helps him to search for it. All six become potential rat food ... <br /> <br /> Also known as Rodentz Altered Species, which has been co-edited by Miles Feldman and has been little recommended. The screenplay of the producer Serge Rodnunsky is bad and in connection with the general shabbiness of the entire production Altered Species is really lame. For one, the characters are stupid, annoying and clichéd. Then there's the unoriginal plot with the mad scientist, the monster he created, the isolated place, the stranded human cast and the compulsory showdown between hero and monster. It's all here somewhere. Altered Species moves at a reasonable pace, which is actually the best thing I can say and fortunately does not last that long. It's basically your average killer mutant rat movie and not very good either. <br /> <br /> The director Feldman films like a TV movie & the whole thing is bland and forgetful Some of the special effects and attacking scenes leave something to be desired. For one, the CGI rats are awful, the attack sequences have jerky camera movements and quick edits to hide the fact that all rats are only passive. In various places in Altered species, the rat cages must be shaking because of the rat's movement, but you can see all the rats sitting there while someone shakes the cages off the screen. The huge rat monster at the end looks pretty poor, because it's just a guy in a dodgy suit. There is no fear, no tension or atmosphere. Since when do basements contain bright neon lighting? There are one or two beautiful pieces here, someone has a nice, big hole where his face used to be, there is a severed arm and beheading, many rat bites, someone who has torn his eyeball & a dead maimed cat. <br /> <br /> Technically modified species are consistently below average. It takes place inside a building, has cheap-looking CGI effects and low production values. Acting is not much, but it's not that bad. A special mention of Leah Rowan as Alicia, as she is a bit of a baby and makes Altered Species a little nicer and easier to see ... <br /> <br /> Altered Species is not a particularly good movie in which Did a pretty bad movie, but I think you could make it worse. Not great, but it might be worth a watch if you are not too demanding and have nothing else to do.
