Nell Shipman has been paid a sizeable sum for the off-road capabilities of the Maxwell automobile. The plot of the movie is pretty simple. Nell plays a writer who has a bad block of writers and needs inspiration, so she goes to Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There she meets the hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who prefers to drive a car rather than a horse. While visiting her mining partner's partner, Nell abducts a band of local bandits and takes them deep into the wilderness to their camp. The hero has to come to her quickly and decides to go there with his car. Here the film makes a funny turn. Bert continues to drive over every imaginable terrain, huge rocks, small streams, heavy brushes, rugged tree stumps, steep inclines, and so on. For the most part of the movie, we see how this car struggles to crawl over obstacles. Well, you know, this is not a modern ATV, but a 1920 Maxwell car, so it looks very inappropriate as a SUV. And for some of the terrains it encounters, of course, there are limitations. We see that it is stuck in this movie more than once. But the filmmakers struggled to show how they beat the odds and finally overcome all obstacles. As soon as the hero reaches the hidden camp and rescues the girl, he jumps into the car with her and drives off with the bandits in hot pursuit (on horseback), and at that point it became hysterical for me. If the car slowly rolled over huge rocks, got stuck in gravel and mountain brush, back and forth to have enough momentum to pass over fallen branches, the bandits would have had plenty of time to catch up. But they never do, though we're supposed to believe that hunting in the wilds goes on all night. And at a stupid climax, the car climbs up a mountainside and helps Nell and the hero push a huge boulder at the side to smash the pursuing bandits. <br /> <br /> After watching this movie, you would think the army should invest 1920 Maxwell automobiles because they clearly have better off-road capabilities than Hummers and Bradley tanks combined. Just look at this movie for a laugh. It pays to see Nell clinging to the grill and saying, "You did your best, brave little car."
