This was assigned to the fans as the "winner takes all" match between two separate "companies" (World Wrestling Federation and "Alliance") has taken place: a merger of former WCW and ECW superstars. Because The Last Match Is The Superior Enterprise Was a tag team match, the wrestlers were limited to throwing opponents from each side of the ring to another. Each wrestler concludes that to discourage his opponents and intensify the match, Interfernce is required to stamp, perform a special move and mark tags in a partner. The plot had previously been tarnished by the embezzlement of Vince that became a member of Allance would be unhappy and join the WWF. It was obvious that the WWF would do this. Overall, there is a very innovative storyline, but the execution is bad, since the match format consists of Tag Team only. The remaining matches are just disgusting: edge against T est: potent "big boot" from Test, but this did not show the true talents of the two stars. <br /> <br /> Al Snow Versus Christian: good game, but super-fast on the pay-per-view principle </ br /> Taji vs. William Regal: The Worst Match Of The Night <br /> <br /> Immunity Battle Royal: This was an exceptionally fun match, but because the main stars of both companies were involved in the main event, Just one wrestler who characteristically appears on "Heat" and is probably a WCW Light Heavyweight committee (ie the hurricane, who is only hired as an entertainer) Hardy Boyz vs. Dudley Boyz: The best match of the night: Jeff Hardy completed a "Swanton Bomb" from the top of a cage and through a wooden table and Matt was clamped in the cage, which seemed extremely painful. <br /> <br /> Because Stone Cold was the WWF champion, Rob Van Dam was the hardcore champion and Kurt Angle was a "mole" in the Alliance. All main stars of the main event on the Alliance faction received after the Result of the game work, with the exception of Booker T., who has recently attacked a wrestler on "Raw" and will inevitably get work. Shane McMahon will somehow return to television and everyone wants to witness the fall and death of "the Alliance" to see Stone Cold jobless. The WWF has done much better. A match where all leanings were put on a faction would have been better, and what ever happened to Casket and Iron Man matches?
