To make a film audience - I'm definitely overwhelmed by the amount of positive comments this miserable film has collected here. I can not believe it, I can not help but be suspicious when it comes to critics who promote Annette Bening for an Oscar. The hole in the kitchen ceiling might be more akin to chewing its landscape. She is a wonderful actress, but this is an unfortunately unbalanced performance that does not lack essential movie actors who must master the cadence of the script and maintain it for the duration of the disconnected madness that is a movie shoot. > I do not really want to accuse Miss Bening or most of the other artists (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her muzzy work), as this is a terrible adaptation, a classic case of mistranslation (I'm ready for it I do not have the book read and do not believe that I will do it afterwards, which puts us in the middle / jumble of unpredictable behavior and extreme emotional fears emanating from mystifying characters who have not built relationships with us or each other a grotesquely-excessive tsunami attack that tarnishes both characters and audience, leaving me like a survivor shaking my head over the detritus at the end of each repeating episode, shocking and awe-inspiring my response to hectic, bipolar mood swings between resounding and reverberating oh so quiet sensitivity describe, with the last It's not geared for ridiculously contradictory incidents - old stuff, you know, but it was chosen with an astonishing disregard for the sound of the scenes. <br /> <br /> I do not believe how this fine cast mingled with this mix. I can not believe they saw the script before signing. They certainly use their skills with dedication - I was so sorry for the wonderful Jill Clayburgh saddled with a cartoon pocket costume and a wig trying in vain to extract something important from the sketchy and clichéd dialogue. In contrast, Alec Baldwin somehow rises above the material to deliver a consistent, differentiated, real performance. Can someone please give this man a major role of substance? And how about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? One might think that industry could make better use of it, and without being as touching as Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My voice? Everything alright, but no connection to heaven.
