When trying to assassinate the Emir of Ohtar, an Arab potentate visiting Washington DC, his life is saved by a cocktail waitress named Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national heroine and media celebrity, and as a reward she is offered a job working for the US Department of State's Protocol Section. However, she is unaware that Foreign Ministry officials offering her the job have a hidden agenda. <br /> <br /> A map we see shows Ohtar, located on the border between Saudi Arabia and southern Yemen, in a barren desert known as Rub al-Khali or Empty Quarter. In real life, a state in this place would have a population of virtually zero and virtually no strategic value of zero, but for the purposes of the film we must accept that Ohtar has immense strategic importance in the Cold War and that the American government is a military base there, must do everything possible to stay on the good side of his ruler. It turns out the Emir has sought after the attractive young woman who rescued him and reached a deal with the State Department; They can have their base provided he can have Sunny as the newest addition to his harem. Sunny's new job is just a ruse to make sure the Emir has more opportunities to meet her. A conspiracy like this might have been the occasion for a funny satire, but the satirical content of the film is rather toned down. Perhaps the American public in 1984 was in no mood to appease their country's foreign policy; After all, this was the year in which Ronald Reagan brought forty-nine states from fifty countries to the presidential election, and his hard line with the Soviet Union was obviously well received by the voters. (If the film had been filmed a few years later after the Iran / Contra affair, his tone might have changed tone.) The film is less of a satire than a vehicle for Goldie Hawn to show its trademark of cuteness and charm , Sunny is a typical Goldie character - pretty, gentle, naive and not too bright. However, there is a limit to how far you can go with cuteness and charm alone, and you can not automatically turn a bad movie into a good one just by You turn the main character into a stupid blonde. (Actually, that sounds more like a recipe to make a good movie a bad one). Goldie tries her best to save this but never succeeds. One reason for this is the inconsistent way in which their character is portrayed. Sunny is on the one hand a sweet, innocent country girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman who works in a shabby bar and wears a revealing costume. The effect is like imagining Rebecca from Sunnybrook Farm as a Bunny Girl. <br /> <br /> The more important reason why Goldie is unable to save this movie is even the best comedian or comedienne of his / her material and "Protocol" is just not funny. Whatever humor is, it is tired and tense and relies on offensive clichés about Arab men who apparently all aspire to western women, especially if they are blond and blue-eyed. In the mid-1980s, there were a lot of such things, because at that time was also the terrible movie "harem" by Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski about a lustful Nahostherrscher, who abducts a young American woman, the miniseries of the same name, with a Period setting told a nearly identical story. The filmmakers seem to have realized that their film would not work as a mere comedy, because in the end it turns into a kind of new "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington". Sunny transforms from a blond bimbo into a source of political wisdom and begins to pick out all sorts of platitudes about democracy and the constitution and the duty of citizens and we The People and how the price of freedom is eternal vigilance. but in truth, film as a political parable is no more successful than a comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawn has done a number of good comedies, including "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "Housesitter", but "Protocol" is not one of them. I have not seen all of her films, but from those I've seen, this horrible comedy is by far the worst. 3.10
