With tons of stock footage, not just of Trader Horn, but also the first two films in the series (for example, the alligator fight was exploited last time), this is one of the weakest films in the MGM series. It's a big disappointment after the classic Tarzan and His Mate, which is possibly the best movie in the series. <br /> <br /> The plot makes Jane's cousins ​​come to the jungle to tell her that she has inherited a fortune to come back to claim it. They are somehow in the bind since the relative who left them with the money took them out of their will. When they hire a big white hunter who secretly captures Tarzan and wants to sell him, the couple goes into the jungle, where they meet the usual jungle problems (all the more because of the stock footage). After many conversations, Jane decides to return to civilization, and we get long sequences of Tarzan and Jame making a kissing face. After all, in the last half-hour, the plan to capture Tarzan is set in motion, and things finally get interesting as the plans go awry and things look very bleak for everyone involved in a restless production. The film seems to have been composed of several different films, with the first half hour being almost an exact repetition of the previous film. The middle third shows signs that things need to be stretched and that there are plotting lines that eventually did not go anywhere. The final third, in which Tarzan is captured and the party in danger, is the point where the film is finally brought to life (it also shows signs of violence that caused the repetition of the film for the most part). For me it's a big miracle how the series went on from here as this movie is not very good (except at the end). It would be difficult for me to explain, unless I had to say that it was the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane that made the people come back. It's a beautiful couple and really one of the big couples. <br /> <br /> (I should probably also mention that this is the point that the movie with the look of the Tarzan tree became less real and more fantastic house.) I really do not like the first hour of the movie and think so It's a big waste of time and energy. If you can come in towards the end, I would recommend trying the movie. Otherwise, I would just skip the whole movie and move on to the next movie in the series.
