In the American town of Meadowvale, Dr. Ing. Anthony Blake (David Gale, the IMDb list for this character is wrong, it's definitely Dr. Blake and not Dr. Blakely). He is the director and founder of the famous "Psychological Research Institute" local television program called "Independent Thinkers". He uses this TV show to hypnotize viewers and make them commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has the help of a big brain with a nasty face that uses his spinal cord as a tail thing. Normally the brain only sits in a tank, eating mice and the weird bad actor, every time it eats someone it gets a lot bigger. Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan), a gifted but laborious teenager, was caught at the local high school as he put sodium in the restroom. Jim joins the PRI as Dr. Blake sent to help with his posture and behavioral problems. While Dr. Blake's busy with Jim, I do not really know what. Whatever it is is related to the brain. First, Jim can resist the mind control of the brain. The brain perceives Jim as a threat to himself and his plans. As soon as he's out of the PRI, Jim starts with bizarre hallucinations and crashes his car. Jim makes it to his waitress girlfriend Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston), but shortly thereafter is told by Officer Marks (Harry Booker) to Dr. Ing. Blake's assistant Verna (George Buza) returned. The brain wants to kill Jim because he's the only one who can withstand the techniques of mind control. When the "independent thinkers" become national, the brain wants nothing or anyone to stop its evil plan for world domination! Jim quickly realizes that the brain controls the whole city and he has to stop his brain alone before conquering the world! <br /> <br /> Under the direction of Ed Hunt, who calls himself Edward Hunt, the brain was not as bad as I thought it would be. Do not get me wrong, it's certainly not that great. The script by Barry Pearson attempts to bribe the satire with the brainwashing and mind control of TV story. It moves at a good pace and is not boring. There is no explanation for the existence of the brain, it's just there and that's what we have to accept. The story is a bit choppy and never explores a single element, there is the mind control for the TV, the brain itself, Jim is being chased by the police and his misconduct, and various other trifles here and there, including a bizarre revelation of Dr. Ing. Blake, that's not explained at all. Production wise, this film looks cheap and was probably cheap. Acting is not great, but I have seen worse and what is David Gale doing? In fact, this role resembles the role of Gale in Re-Animator (1985), even until the death of his character in both films. The brain itself first sits in a shell and begins to grow when it eats someone, and in the end it is quite large. Each level is made of rubber only. It does not look very good and is not scary or scary, just cheap. With the exception of a blink, there is no blood or blood in it and you will miss the decapitation. The nudity is Dr. med. Blake's assistant Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) provided before being eaten. The brain had some entertainment value for me, but I would think most people would not like it. Maybe worth a watch if you can see it on TV for free.
