To say that Thunderbirds is a terrible, forced, ugly look, angry and painful to look at would not say enough. There are only two reasons why I can watch this movie: 1; You've seen Thunderbirds when you were young (like me) and you're curious about what it's like, but you're only going to watch to see how badly they messed things up. Or 2; You see it with someone under the age of ten. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds manages to supplement everything it tries to do. The list goes on and on, but there are other more subtle, humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. From the off, Thunderbirds is wrong, wrong, wrong. The whole moral message and "goal" are set in a torturous way: Jeff Tracy (a new low for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son Alan that he has not yet turned out to be Thunderbird after Alan happens to be stupid and stupid had decided to get into the matter Tracy Island's guts to launch Thunderbird One. The entire film is a series of events and failures in which Alan tries to prove himself while his father and other brothers aboard the Thunderbird 5 are trapped in space. The film relies on child actors The film: A 16-year-old Alan Tracy (Corbet), a 16-year-old Tin (Hudgens) and a 14-year-old Fermat (Fulton), who is Brains' son. To say that it is painful to see the "adventures" that they experience is an understatement. Often, one tries to play and use the script as it fights ridiculously uncomfortable and hammering ways against the evil 'Hood' (Kingsley), and serves as entertainment for the duration of the film. it only differs when everyone is in a different location. In addition, the whole thing of mind control was very tiring and basically pulled the movie down because it was overused and offered our heroes a chance to see a weakness in The Hood. forced and accidental. <br /> <br /> I know that most of the "children's films" are nowadays trying to incorporate a kind of material for adults, but in Thunderbirds this is done in a way that fetishes Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's no coincidence that she's a bit older than the rest of the kids? At 24, it's almost too good to be true. Her scenes are often very charged and erotic. We see her in the bathroom, bubbling up to her neck in front of the TV; In comes her butler, sneaking a look as she seductively changes channels with her wet, bare and bubble-covered foot. Frequent shots of her massive, light pink high-heeled shoes filling the screen during various scenes: this happens for the first time when she is actually tied up with another woman during a secondhand fistfight! Along with this, her light pink costumes, which show just enough but just enough cover, are particularly outstanding, as well as the way she moves and speaks with this posh, dominant English accent. Sounds like a ruling mistress (well, she's LADY Penelope and you better call her like that) The whole thing is ridiculous, but the editing is so fast that the kids do not realize it, but it sure as hell is there , <br /> <br /> The actual storyline of The Hood, which does everything it does to rob only a few banks, is very bizarre, the characters that its bodyguards are: a geeky-looking woman and a tough one black man who gets a lot excited Are we going to laugh about it? What about the fight scenes? Badly choreographed stunts and what the hell was with those stupid noises? It is absolutely ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The list goes on. The way Bill Paxton plays everything as seriously as if he had been told they did it in one way, but another was done, just as the Ford Motor Company splashed its logo all over the area. News Bulletin: Sponsored by Ford, the camera even moves several times to assist Ford when cars are in full swing. So the CGI looks like a video game from a computer game? it is annoying. The fact that we are told that a 16-year-old girl in the icy Thames can swim against the current, save a rundown monorail (monorail over the Thames !?), return to the hatch and such; Save the day all the time and hold your breath. It is an absolute bull and the makers know it? I do not even know if a 10-year-old would swallow it. <br /> <br /> In short: Avoid, Avoid, Avoid. Thunderbirds is annoying, inglorious, poorly written and even the Rolls Royce has been taken out and replaced with a flying car. Everything went wrong, went wrong.
