The original Thunderbirds earned a place in television history. It was and is very popular - in fact, the entire first 10 minutes of the Wallace and Gromit movie (the Wererabbit) is a direct lift from Thunderbirds, right through to a direct replay of the original Thunderbird 2 boot sequence (if you do) Do not believe me, get the movie and then get a copy of the original episode where Thunderbird 2 is launched. <br /> <br /> This movie was a blatant attempt to make a children's movie - as the original was loved and enjoyed by children and adults alike! In the original, the Thunderbirds spent all their time saving people who were often imprisoned when Mother Nature or Technology went horribly wrong (yes, there were occasional crimes). The Thunderbirds endanger their own lives and resources without rewards - the essence of heroism and selflessness. There was little physical violence. The Thunderbirds challenged imagination to some degree - how many of us would dream of someday building a Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment to do so - many Japanese explain their fascination for humanoid robots of the old Astroboy cartoon. <br /> <br /> But this movie was a bad re-image of the original. This movie looked like a mix of Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards as a brain imitating Porky Pig's stuttering ????? Much of the action is Kung Fu / Power Rangers. There were actually funny sound effects when someone was nailed to the head with a frying pan. The technique that fueled our imagination was absent - instead, we walked around these children and used a plotter that was NEVER in the original series (when the entire team immediately takes off and the base is occupied by the children and the brain). Then there was a dose of "Use the Force Luke" mystique as TinTin hovered something or other, coupled with The Hood, using aerodynamics that looked like they were taken from "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon". The only thing missing was that The Hood was wearing a breathing mask voice "TinTin, I'm your uncle." The heart that made Thunderbirds unique was GONE. <br /> <br /> The only bright point was the depiction of Parker by Ron Cook - he understood it perfectly. But the actress who played Lady Penelope came on as a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> And that's why we hate this movie. If someone exhibits something popular with a fan base, and expects fans to spend money to watch it, and then deliver something that does not quite live up to fans' expectations - well, I'm sorry, that's just plain NOT CORRECT! OK, so if you're going to make a kids movie - well - next time distribute it directly to video, where many of them belong. However, do not pack anything in a familiar wrapper and change the innards.
