"Thunderbirds" was a hugely popular sixties show that has passed the years and generations to the point where it is equally popular today, both in adults and children, as in its heyday. One could assume, then, that the opportunity to produce a movie with a million-action Hollywood movie was a great opportunity to revive the series as in "Spider-Man" and "The X-Men." But a terrible plot and a dull drama eroded that opportunity, and it soon became clear that all that was intended for this film was a trip to the Bargain Basket of the Children's Department. Instead of a film that focuses on the film, five Tracey sons, their father, and the faithful geek Brain, who tries to save people and protect the world from bad guys, our hero in this jerk is a dissatisfied and brave thirteen-year-old Alan Tracey, fourteen-year-old pewter and year-old Brainbox Fermat, son of Brains (yes, Brains' son, although this is a man who certainly could never make a wife if he tried, maybe he bred the child in a petri dish). As evidenced by the confusion of our three main characters, the 2004 remake of "Thunderbirds" clearly aimed to entertain only children under the age of twelve, rather than trying to reach out to a broader age group than those who were at the far superior revival from Naples were involved "Spider-Man" did it. The plot itself was so boring with chunky, awkward conversations and faint jokes that brighter predecessors would probably not enjoy. The scriptwriter seemed more interested in ripping off "Spy Kids" (which was at least bizarre and original) rather than recreating the show people know and love. <br /> <br /> Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were awarded Miss Penelope and Parker only had about three lines between them, their presence was barely noticeable. Bill Paxton's Jeff Tracey was just boring and the other four Tracey guys were mentioned in the least, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley as Brains and the Hood were just embarrassing. In particular, the Hood is by no means threatening or scary and acts instead like a rickety two-bit villain who is as flabby as a rotten salad. Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey, may be a good young actor, but it was hard to see that in a movie in which he plays goose bumps that just goosebumps and the same applies to Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin-Tin because she looks pretty most of the time Be it Girl Power. Ironically, it's Soren Fulton's young Fermat who is the only interesting character in the film as Fulton delivers a natural and relaxed performance. <br /> <br /> The series 'Thunderbirds' will forever be remembered as an excellent show that proves dolls can give solid performances! "Thunderbirds" will forget the movie of most and be remembered by some as a single flop.
