I've always thought that most big movie thumps usually recommend something, but after the remake of Around the World in 80 Days and Thunderbirds, I start to doubt it. For those who are unfamiliar, it is based on a puppet show about a family of astronauts using rockets, spaceships, and state-of-the-art submarines to prepare people for various disasters (falling bridges, battered planes, burning buildings, etc.). save every week. Well, the dolls are gone (replaced by far livelier teenagers), and also the premise - just an improperly staged rescue and a conspiracy shamelessly demolished by Spy Kids without any imagination, joke or entertainment. The young Alan Tracey feels excluded from any rescue work that we will not see in the other Traceys since Dad does not let him play with a real rocket until he passes his exams. Founded on a beautiful tropical island (some punishments!), There's a chance to shine when the rest of the family - a bunch of identical bleach blondes who look like a gay neo-Nazi boy band, are without a single feature between them stranded in space and he has to have the day over, um, walk around in the jungle, make a phone call, fire a hose at the incompetent comedy relief villains and drop them off for a bad move in Gunk. <br /> <br /> The good points are rare. One of them is that the film is usually the focus. Second, they all have to go to Seychelles, which looks nice. <br /> <br /> The bad points: Where should I start? Ben Kingsley's career bottom line performance? The above-mentioned inappropriate comedy help attendants who would shame the Children's Film Foundation in the worst case? The almost complete lack of action or effects in a $ 70 million science fiction movie? The terrible script, the lifeless direction, the vile moralization? Above all, though, is the fact that the movie is so patronizing in every possible way. Forget the lessons for life and off the shelf. This is a film that is aimed directly at the under-eighths by people who know that they are making a children's film and is constantly talking to their target audience and using five jokes and routines that would offend most of the children who have just recently started Mastered language art. This film could replace the early donation without dinner as a parent's favorite punishment for children. <br /> <br /> The biggest flop in British film history (not even the printing and marketing costs). It can only be seen, if only as an object lesson, how to make NO summer movie.
