Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and if he does not shoot a family movie, he's a good director. But he should not have staged this film, and the script should have been rejected. The director and the authors need to understand what the original TV show was about, who the characters were, and how they worked. The original series had many episodes of crisp writing with good dialogue and situations that American producers would never use for children's programming, let alone a movie that was so well received by the original adult series. I mean, the Tracys were college graduates and some of them even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! And there were characters who were killed, even though most were evil. If they had written it the way it was originally done, which is not mutilated by bad dialogues, kindergarten humor, and a weak plan, this joint venture Universal / Studio Canal would not have such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This movie is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarionations series, you know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that was inappropriate and annoying was the constant references to the Ford Motor Company, which even went so far that Lady Penelope rode around in a disfigured Ford Thunderbird that looked like FAB-1 instead to use what would have been more appropriate, considering Mrs. Penelope's station (not to mention fidelity to the original), a ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. She is said to be a respected member of British society, hence the fondness for England's best car brands in the original series. Another critic stated that Penelope would not be caught dead in a Ford. He is quite right in the context that the idea of ​​riding in a Ford does not work. At least they could have let Penelope drive in a Jaguar like FAB 1, since Jaguar is a British car brand owned by Ford, but NO! You had to use a straight FORD! But the Ford product placement is not there yet. Every single car you see is a Ford! Even the news shown on the televisions in the movie was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, Ford! The dominance of Ford vehicles makes this film an obvious advertising vehicle for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and is still ahead of its time. However, the futuristic design of the original series worked because the design should look practical and functional. This type of treatment did not exist in the film, where everything is overly stylized and surpasses the sense of functionality and practicality. Many things that were done in the design of the film were made strictly for the style, often without any sense of function, to give meaning to this style. <br /> <br /> The original series relied on good acting performances of vocal talent to overcome the limited expressions in the puppets and bring them to life in the episodes. Barry Gray's brilliant and lively musical score helped to connect the audience with the story, the characters and the way everything came together to achieve the super goal (a bit of Stanislavski's speech). On the other hand, the film had overly scratchy performances. Anthony Edwards played Brains wrong, Bill Paxton as Jeff Tracy did not work despite decent acting (one of the few), there were better choices for the Hood than Ben Kingsley and many others I would not mention (it would take too long) ). The puppets were just more believable! Second, the overly generic and repressive music score by Hans Zimmer, which sounded more like a mix of "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13". <br /> <br /> And of course the hood. The hood of the original series had the ability to communicate via a Kyrano statue with Kyrano as a contact point for ESP. But here ended his extraordinary ability. He is a master of disguise and deception, allowing him to sneak undetected (mostly anyway) to gather information about the Thunderbirds vehicles for his own purposes. He also uses weapons for his own defense, including pistols, and usually gathers information with a movie camera, even though he tried to use Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the United Artists releases of "Thunderbird 6" (the last Thunderbirds show in the 1960s) steal Supermarionation and was the second Thunderbirds theatrical release). However, while he is an opponent of the international rescue, the Hood is not the villain in any episode of Thunderbirds and he avoids direct confrontation with the International Rescue. He's obviously the main villain in the film, but he and his cohorts seem more like idiots, along with the Hood, who has an expanded mind-control ability, including the ability to move objects and flee for a short time move. This is completely different from the Hood as a character in the original series. One that can make children laugh and people are familiar with the series, who puzzles in confusion or leaves the theater in disgust. <br /> <br /> There are further criticisms But the limit of 1000 words for IMDb reviews does not list all of them. I'll close with the point that was made that I did not enjoy this movie. I think that's shit! After watching the original and super-fantasy movies (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I hoped for something better than this. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than this live-action farce. (And that's nice.) - Kip Wells
