I'm not a fan of the Left Behind book series - the books are written on a sixth grade reading level, lacking in research and understanding of science, technology and politics. While the books manage to remain faithful to scripture, their methods of fulfilling the prophecy are often ridiculous (an example being their explanation for the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). Also, the books have an unmistakable sermon tone that will scare off unbelievers, rather than bring them to the gospel. Nevertheless, I read these books because of my interest in the events of Revelation. For a similar reason, I looked at this film. It is sad to say that it is a rather mediocre film that borders on arms. Acting is usually pretty decent with occasional misconduct and over-functioning. The script is pretty bad, although it's hardly unexpected when starting the novel. The characters are poorly drawn and underdeveloped. Events feel distracted and disconnected. The dialogue sometimes sounds rushed. At least the book was able to substantiate its hokey conspiracy theory. The viewer is left with an incoherent confusion that makes sense only after reading the book. The tempo of the film is also very poorly executed, and the opening and closing seem to be extremely hectic, and the middle draws to a tormenting slow trudge that makes it feel like it's padded. The music is schizophrenic. Sometimes it successfully underlines the mood and the appropriate sounds for a movie. At other times, it's reminiscent of sitcom and mini-series music. And other pieces remind me of a poppy MTV soundtrack that just does not belong in the movie. I can specify the movie spots for the panic scene aboard the plane, but that's it. The other scenes with the disasters after the Rapture are anything but compelling. The film also suffers from the sermon of the book, though its message does not quite match your face. Overall, the movie was just as disappointing as the series. This is not the movie to gather around Christians. I hope that this movie will NOT get any attention in theaters next year. It would be unnecessary bad advertising for Christianity. For an example of a compelling, intelligent, well-researched series based on revelation that presents a realistic and Christian outlook without insulting the worldly reader (who, after all, should be a Christian trying to reach out) reads the Christ Clone trilogy by James BeauSeigneur. It's a great read and a much better choice for unbelievers or believers who value quality.
