Never before have the motives of film producers been more transparent. Let's see: First: They make every willing televangelist hype this movie as the biggest since slicing white bread. NEXT, encourage as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to obtain copies of the film in order to reduce the low cost of production and increase the advertising budget. And, FINALLY, when the movie hits the cinemas, get as many said Christians as possible to see it again, and if necessary bring it to the multiplex buses, NOT to the film's merits, but to a # 1 initiation fund seen as a kind of profound spiritual victory. <br /> <br /> But of course that will not be enough. I imagine any film critic, with the audacity to give "Left Behind" anything but a glowing review, is labeled "anti-Christian." <br /> <br /> Of course, this shamelessly manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise anyone. After all, there is a good old-fashioned capitalism at work. What surprises me is how many people have been drawn into the whole "left behind" way of thinking. As someone trying to balance his spiritual belief with a sense of reason and reason, he's scratching my head. It seems that there are many, MANY people who actually believe that there will be a "Rapture" sometime in the near future, and that millions of people all over the world will disappear IN THIN AIR at the same time. In what kind of reality, I wonder, do these people live? Is this "Rapture" something you really believe in, or do you really want to believe it? And when they reach the end of their lives and realize that this "rapture" has not happened, will they be disappointed and disillusioned? Will there still be people in 100 years who insist that the "Rapture" is imminent? <br /> <br /> In a way, I almost wish that such an event would happen! What an interesting day that would be! It would be even more interesting if the apocalypse were to appear in a more spectacular way, not in the anthropological sense presented by the authors of the "Left Behind" series, but rather as Stephen Spielberg's production of boiling clouds and trumpets of angels from heaven , Moon turned into blood, the whole nine meters. Imagine having come to the realization that everything is fulfilled, just as the evangelists warned for years, and that there was something greater than just the cold, hard, physical reality we inhabit. Would not that be something? <br /> <br /> But in the end, it's this cold, hard, physical reality that will make me happy. My life is not so meaningless that I need the fear of a "Rapture" and the "end times" to understand everything ... and I do not need Heaven or Hell to bribe or scare me, to behave properly. Thank you very much.
