It's been a while since I saw this for the first time, so I saw it again with the second movie in the series. While I realize that there is a third film I have not seen yet, I will read under the original title ... <br /> <br /> Only in terms of production value, screenwriting and filmmaking. This film fails on many levels, although it succeeds on a few levels as well. What can you expect from a low-budget movie "B"? Not much and it works from the point of view of production. However, the writing is certainly disconnected, with little character development ... exactly what I would expect if there is a movie. I had no problem with acting ... the cast is solid; However, the script in both films gives the actors little opportunity to really stretch. Since the film is "Christian," this is predictable, as one can not well portray violent chaos of the "end times" without breaking the ethics that is usually associated with Christianity. In other words, the mistake of making a G-rated film out of it would be if the content, even in the most conservative biblical interpretations, was rated R-rated by any measure. So, if the purpose of the film is to intimidate people into the Christian faith, the movie should be a bit scary, right? However, you can not comment on a movie adaptation from a book without commenting on the book or, in this case, the book series. There are certainly many Christian materials that are worth recording in movies ... but not the "Left Behind" series ... and these films ultimately fail because they are bestsellers but are poorly written novels, that are based on a bad theology. <br /> <br /> As a preacher of the Southern Baptist, I confess that the books were a guilty pleasure to me, even though I have not completed the last two books in the series yet. I have described them as decent fiction, and if the books held the view that this was a "possibility" or interpretation of the theme of biblical eschatology (study of the "end times"), I could live with it. This series is in Christian circles disagree because it promotes the "literal" interpretation of all scriptures beyond a more appropriate hermeneutic. This inevitably leads to the "pre-stemmed, pre-meal" standpoint of dispensation. Also in the world of humanity a mighty god. In other words, God, as I've always said, should not use our helicopters and bombs for his ultimate work, but because many people, especially untested Christians, can not think about their own worldviews, we have a pro-conservative, fundamentalist attitude to the interpretation of the Bible and to try to impose it as the "only" interpretation. So the books carry an agenda, not so much to understand the "lost" as their need for Christ, but to say that the fundamentalist viewpoint is the only valid way to understand the Bible. I remember very well reading (a few years ago) in the second novel of a scene in which the characters refer to a person who has been "left behind" because they do not follow this viewpoint; as if "real" Christians who are worthy of being "caught up" could not possibly adhere to another eschatology. This is worrying for several reasons. The least reason is that a "rapture" in Scripture is mentioned only briefly and the connection to true end-time prophecies is at best low. <br /> <br /> But the real problem These books are about how they share the Christian community and how they present "true" Christian behavior. Ultimately, I believe that they harden more people into an otherwise legitimate belief / religion rather than gaining people for it. It transforms all Christians into caricatures that are both despised and laughed at by the world, though there is the theological space for a wide variety of beliefs within Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body, we have, by and large, caused such damage to society over the 2000 years of history ... and we certainly do not need to promote it through films by thousands, perhaps millions, others. <br /> <br /> Therefore, the "Left Behind" movies fail because the "Left Behind" books are not worthy of being interpreted in movies.
