Playing in the Alaskan wilderness, The Legend of Bloody Jack begins as the relative of a murderously deceased occultist Lumberjack who reads incantations (The Evil Dead (1982)) from an old magic book to revive him. He is successful and will not A great belief in the unity of the family kills the lumberjack type its relatives. Two days later, Ray (Travis Quentin Young), along with his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of her friends, sit in front of a cozy log cabin (The Evil Dead style ...) for a relaxing weekend in the wilderness. Unfortunately, the killer Lumberjack Dude turned up with his ax and starts slaughtering his friends one by one ... <br /> <br /> Edited, written, produced and directed by Executive Portugal. This is a pretty lazy, modern slasher If I kill like the horror genre, I'm just not a big fan of ultra-low-budget horror movies with the production values ​​of a holiday video. The script is absolutely terrific in every way for 80 minutes, it has every bad slasher cliché, the character is awful, the dialogue is awful and it's hard to get someone or something in that pretty worthless apology for a teen slasher movie interested. The teenagers are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the script is moronic, more predictable and flawed than usual, and the killer lumberjack guy is just lame. Then there are the last 10 minutes or so, which, if you can get this far and think that it's difficult, trigger one of the worst twists in Slasher movie history, which, as far as I'm concerned, the paying public has , Fun I just had to spend 90 minutes crap. I'm going to spoil the end now so anyone who does not want to know will stop reading. Shortly before the end of the film, it goes back to Ray, who tells a story. It turned out that he told the story of what we had just seen and Nick & Dawn and everyone else insulted him for telling such a bad story (I felt their pain) & then getting more holes and about it to laugh. After I said why they were standing around and arguing why they did not pick up the ax and things like that, I felt the audience was fun, because that was the kind of thing that I asked myself while I was doing this Crap saw I shoved it in my throat and made it very clear that the creators knew the script was crap, could see all the holes in it and went for a twisted end that accidentally intercepts the last 80 minutes (which we just had to go through, to remember) is just a bit scratchy. To add insult to the injuries, the lumberjack buddy turns up and kills them all within two minutes. Why did not he do that right away? It would have saved everyone a lot of time. <br /> <br /> The director Portugal turns into a real mess, this has the worst continuity between day and night in a movie I've ever seen. The whole movie is supposed to be set at night and I guess the creators tried to use the day for the night, but it did not work. Most of it looks like it's set during the day. Take a look at, for example, when Lisa is trapped in the bathroom and she gets out of the window. It is pitch-black when we look out of the bathroom, but when it falls to the floor and cuts the films to an outdoor shot, it is bright daylight. Then there's the fact that Ranger Vince says we can not get a search group out here until 'the morning', suggesting that it should be night, then a few minutes later, when he goes outside and it looks like as if it were the middle of the day that he is he actually carries a torch that is clearly on and he clearly points in the directions he looks like it is night. Whenever there's a scene in the cabin, look out the windows, it's pitch-dark outside, and if the ranger walks through the door at the beginning, that's another clear example. The continuity in this movie is just the worst thing I've ever seen. There's not much Gore, there are a few scenes where an ax penetrates a person's body, but nothing memorable. It's not scary, there's no tension or atmosphere, and the frightening continuity of day and night is just so distracting, because it's so obvious. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is an absolute low point, the continuity between night and day must be seen again to believe how bad it is. The special effects are bad and they could not afford to blow up a car, although it is crucial to the plot. The amateur lesson was described throughout from start to finish. The acting is absolutely awesome and everyone involved should get an Oscar, just kidding, not really, they were really horrible and even the girls who kept their breasts out did not look very good. <br /> <br /> The Legend of Bloody Jack is just a horrible teen slasher movie that looks like it was shot on a camcorder without a tripod or steadycam. It has terrible effects, is boring and has a twist ending, which is the most offensive in horror movie history or I totally misunderstood it and it is the smartest. Not recommended. Watch a decent slasher from the '70s or' 80s to remind you how to do it.
