I should say at once that I have chosen the spoiler box only because I give this comment the amount of thought that is proportional to what this mess in a movie deserves and should not be held responsible for any plot point that accidentally slip out. <br /> <br /> This commentary will take the form of a tirade, for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this film after watching it, and because of the unique effect that has led to it , one is incapable of foresight and paragraph structure required for coherent, reasoned criticism. That's not a compliment. It's not the narcotic effect of a really hypnotic or thought-provoking movie. The emotions it stirs up merge like an uncomfortable emotional Voltron, made up of a bewildering mixture of a form of anger, the indefinite desire to take a shower, the rudderless, sinking sense of true betrayal that comes when they realize that they have given 109 minutes their lives into the hands of a man who not only wastes it, but in such a pompous, inanimate way. And with those 109 minutes, I probably would not have done anything super productive anyway! But even if I had spent it on something trivial, like a power block for masturbation and online poker, I would have been satisfied if all was said and done. <br /> <br /> The problems with this movie are countless and in better times I would articulate exactly what they were in half adult fashion. But in line with what this film deserves, I will most likely stay in the field of masturbation jokes and cartoon references. <br /> <br /> The most annoying and monstrous thing is that you watch this movie while looking sharp, knowing that the creators and participants believe that they are making a much smarter movie than they are. The wealth of knowledge that one could gather in a month-long survey of Western art history at a community college or trade school is stacked on thick and omnidirectional, much of it delivered through conversations between our hero. the tortured detective Stan (Willem Dafoe, whom I will forgive this film because he is Willem Dafoe) and his accented antique dealer Pal Blair (Peter Stormare, who takes a break from a sociopath for whom the murder easily falls over dimensional plot in a movie a sociopath for whom murder is easy). And talk to them. In fact, we've fallen into this story at a crime scene that may well have a serial killer Stan killed years ago. Therefore, the entire background story is partially determined by an unclear flashback, but above all by stilted conversations between Stan and his son, dealer or Stan and his colleague, the unforgivable irritating Carl (Scott Speedman). And although I differentiate the character Carl (Scott Speedman) from the actor who plays it with braces, I have to admit that I despised this character very early in the movie, so I really wanted to seriously, the actor who got him represents harming (Scott Speedman). Nothing too fancy. Not necessarily death or paralysis. But maybe herpes? Or maybe a stage light could fall on him and crush his arm? This is a dangerous digression, but I do not work on it, because I want everyone who reads this to pull the train for that train wreck of a movie with a clear sense of the awful desires and feelings that it awakens in most cases, thinks a peaceful man. <br /> <br /> Well, I'm running out of energy. While writing this film, the sick feelings that this movie has shown in an I have faded, my head has sorted out a little bit. Now that I know I've still spent time on something to do with this piece of shit, it's astonishingly similar to waking up after a selfishly heavy night beside the formidable form of a sleepy 200-pound college girl , Her first urge is a desperate desire to flee. This is natural.
