Still stupid, if possible, than the original (I hope I can say that under the IMDb guidelines). THE FRENCH CONNECTION, at least, attempted to absorb European influences in order to complicate the conventional view of the American police officer, even if the attempt by Friedkin's ambivalence, American and general indirection had failed. The (relative) arthouse boom of the 1960s (especially with the nouvelle vague) made for a major impact of European cinema in Hollywood. This gave a tired medium new momentum and complexity, and in the best case (eg, BONNIE AND CLYDE, formerly Scorcese) a new subversion of the received practice. The original CONNECTION was part of this set, with a heavy distanced style and an anti-detective figure. TWO is the right-wing extremist repetition of American values ​​in old Hollywood. <br /> <br /> This is reflected in the tiring dialectic of America versus France. For example, TWO is shot dead like a French police officer in the 1970s. It was, of course, the French who insisted on the size of the American movies when they were ignored at home, and this is in a sense a reclamation, a warning against the Gallic conjecture. This can be seen in the pattern of the two films. CONNECTION has French gangsters marching into New York, with the French style stifling the American thriller - resulting in the detective's dissolution and dissolution of the conspiracy - the villain escaped. <br /> <br /> TWO lets the American return to France, with American Thriller values ​​imposed on the local genre - the detective's power is re-confirmed and conventional dissolution achieved. This is further dramatized by Doyle's relationship with French Inspector Barthelmy, whose dominant influence he has to shake off before he can control the conspiracy. Two seems to follow the original by undermining her detective hero. From the beginning, Doyle's meaning diminishes with every step. Despite the end of CONNECTION, he is considered a hero. But he is an American in a foreign land, and his inability to control language or morals means he can not control the conspiracy. He even misunderstood the signs of the police, mistook an informant for a criminal and killed him. <br /> <br /> The strength of a detective rests on his power to see and interpret the subject, but Doyle spends much of the film with it, an object, a corpse (literally in the scenes after being thrown by Charnier ) are viewed and interpreted. In CONNECTION, he initiated the action, chasing after the criminals and forcing the action; Here he is passive, tied to a bed, locked in a cell, an addict, a relative. This loss of phallic power is expected to symbolize the loss of his weapon, and the film follows a depressing familiar oedipal trajectory. In the heroin sequences, he is consoled by an old lady who says he looks like her son. His drugged condition is like a return to the womb deprived of adult pressure. Their observation highlights the timelessness of this state, which is important for a man whose career depends on schedules and precision. Oedipus was the first detective, and to avoid his fate, Doyle must reject this false mother who dissolves his unitary identity and kills the father (Charnier) so that he can take his accepted male role in society. Psychoanalytic theory was popular among academics in the 1970s (ironically instigated by a Frenchman, Jacques Lacan), but it is rare for a movie to be so full. <br /> <br /> If all these facts tend to minimize Doyle, the style of the film is not. Friedkin distanced us from his hero by rejecting empathy or character motivation and focusing on the mechanics of the conspiracy. Here Doyle is a very conventional Hollywood hero. Instead of getting lost in the dull vision, it becomes understandable and understandable to viewers with the traditional devices - point-of-view shots, close-ups, connectivity, etc. <br /> <br /> TWO is all about that Fall and Rise of Popeye Doyle. The plot in this case is subject to acting, which is the usual hackman showiness. The cold turkey scenes are therefore not disturbing despite their boredom. We are allowed to share rather than coldly; This is a far less unpleasant experience. The scenes are also recorded with a very American lachrymosis sentimentality. <br /> <br /> While CONNECTION tried to mimic the complex thrillers of Jean Pierre Melville, TWO does the complete opposite. Melville's LE SAMOURAI introduced a gangster who started the film as a whole, powerful, out of the language and recorded its final resolution. TWO starts with a disintegrated character, partly due to incompetence with the language whose dominance begins when he leaves the language - the concluding action sequences are largely wordless. <br /> <br /> In the film, the locale and language are important as they fixate and undermine the detective, but when he regains his power (shown in the return of his weapon and the cathartic burning of the original place of vulnerability, the skyscraper in which Charnier held him), the attitude of Marseilles no longer plays a role and the mythical distance that could take place anywhere prevails. Compare the ends of the two films: one allows ambiguity and despair, the other absolute certainty. <br /> <br />
