I went to a video store and looked around for horror movies. After about 30 minutes, I just fell and picked out a few. I stumbled upon "Masters of Horror," which contained "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die." They seemed to be alright, the same cheesy horror crap, but for some reason I was interested. It was about Pro-Life being a classic, a return to form for John Carpenter (I loved his "The Thing", so I thought that was good) and all that. So I turned to that Thoughts, it would be something great and interesting, I was very wrong ... It started off casually, only a girl ran through a forest and was afraid of something. A car stops and picks them up (just to be the people she needed to see, stunning?) They take her back to a clinic and examine her, at the same time her father appears at the gates, and they do not Allow him in, he is not loud in the vicinity. Probably something he did in the past, but right now you do not know about it. He really does not want his daughter to be an abortion center in this place. He is very much against such acts and believes that he is ill and not what "God" wants. He "supports" what I heard is called "pro-life". If you take action against abortions and go to extreme times for babies to be born, they are sick. They do not like the life of an unborn child, but did they kill people in the past to allow birth? Justice is just an imagination of the mind. Anyway, getting back on track after the girl was examined, she learns that she is pregnant but well ahead of her time. She is only a few weeks pregnant, but has months to go. She always tells them they do not understand her and she wants an abortion and everything, but finally she tells the truth that she was raped by a demon from hell and that her father wants this baby (but believes "God" wants this) Baby, not who really does). He gets his 3 sons (they arm themselves with pistols and shotguns) and start taking them to the clinic (shooting down anyone who does not cooperate). The head of the clinic, who has had problems with them in the past, is well prepared this time. In the end, one of the fathers kills the sons, but is eventually shot several times (with a bulletproof jacket). The father then does what he believes is done to women. He cuts a hole where the vagina would be if he was a female and sucks in there and sucks all that blood out. While all this is happening, the girl gives birth to a demonic baby with many legs, and some demons rise from under the ground (not in the same room) and look for their child. The father sees this later and begins to question why this happened, he has done what he should do and does not understand why it is. The demon had killed his two sons before and now goes to the father ... While the girl kills the baby and the demon takes it away (not in the same scene). <br /> <br /> Yes, it probably sounds pretty cool and an exciting horror movie, but that's not it. The drama is terrible and lacking in enthusiasm, the script is boring and not even creative, they pick the wrong characters and do not even rely on it; just everything together, all the small parts do not even make a great thing, wasting time. I would not call that a horror, though it does contain elements of horror that ultimately fail at what they try to be successful. It felt more like a "beginner" short than John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> Sorry for my lack of information and detailed review, I just did not have time to lose to write something exciting. I am also sorry if my spelling and information are wrong.
