I was looking forward to watching John Carpenter's episode in Season 2 because his first, Cigarette Burns, was by far the best of Season 1 (and I like other episodes of this season). Oh, how I was disappointed. <br /> <br /> In fairness to Carpenter, I think the main problem with this episode was absolutely terrible writing. Aside from the subject, the characters seemed to behave and speak as if they had been written for an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. Acting was bad and I usually like Ron Perlman a lot, but I can only blame her so much because the writing was so awful. I will not try to guess what the authors were trying to do because it would be useless, but it seemed they were (obviously) mixing horror with a form of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, it did not seem surprising that it was a chance to beat a certain strain or religious nuts as well as fanatical abortion opponents. And I support both goals, but it was so terrible that I was embarrassed to watch characters act and talk with such stupid contradiction. This offered no rewarding opinion on the subject, and the horror element failed alongside such inappropriate writing as well. Although I do not believe that Carpenter can be held responsible for much of the wickedness here, I'll say he's decided to run the television game, so he's responsible. There are a few little things that I found nice, hence the 2 stars I gave him. <br /> <br /> The actual gore and monster effects were good, but the CGI gore (two separate shots upside down) were so obviously of poorer CGI quality if they had never been allowed to get the OK. I'm generally very critical of CGI, but not because I have a problem with it. I have a problem with the execution. In some ways, the technology is intriguing, but not good enough to tune for "real" effects, whether they're miniatures or bruises, especially if they're supposed to match something organic and / or vivacious. CGI can be used well in small quantities or obviously when the entire movie is animated. <br /> <br /> I will also take this opportunity to note that the show title Masters of Horror is a bad title. There are not many "masters of terror". Maybe two or three. If the show was called "Tale of Horror" or something like that, that would be fine. But, as it seems, the criteria for directing one of these episodes, and being criticized for not being a "master of horror", is that they directly have at least one horror movie in their careers. And it did not even have to be a good one.
