SLIGHT SPOILERS (but does not matter anyway). <br /> <br /> An exercise with catastrophic proportions that is not even worth the 10 lines, I have to put those remarks on the net waves. This is the hitherto worst episode of the Masters series and the first to qualify for the defunct mystery science theater treatment. Even though it took me half an hour to realize the intended ironic angle, it was still a very lame mess. Their only value lies in the perspective that forces them to recognize that the genre can only succeed alongside bloody and ugly masks when the classic cinematic notions of photography and light, dialogue and drama, editing and timing are used. Here they are missing and John Carpenter is not a master. Period. And no banal analysis of simple social commentary will change that. Strangely, Carpenter was never more than a B-director, but at least movies like 'Fog' and 'The Thing' had a great atmosphere (the latter is one of my cult favorites). <br /> <br /> Abominable acting. Camera angle glued in cement. Suspense-free rhythm. But perhaps the most disagreeable element of the episode is the plot, which of course JC can not really be blamed for (unless the writers were buddies of Cody.) The initial two-minute slo-mo of a girl running through a forest To be almost From a run-down Scully-Mulder duo is the first and the last thing that works in the movie. But come on, a girl races through lonely woods, especially nowhere where it is urgently necessary that an abortion be accidentally met with the fender of a pair of women's law graduates whose clinic is just at the end of the street corner. Oh, and I will not even pick a bit as the doctor lashes the victim into the car and lifts him from 0 to 60 in six seconds. Wonder for possible broken ribs or concussion. <br /> <br /> Then things are falling apart quickly. The vague dialogue "I just want to help you", the endlessly slow back and forth at the gate, terrific battle tactics like disconnecting the phone line (in the age of cell phones?), Followed by shooting: a born Ramboesque clinic director against Ron Perlman and high school fail at the Easter break for a few kicks. Another nice line: "What are we going to do now?" from the boy who was sitting on a stack of assault rifles in the back of the van. Uh, no, it's not a pheasant season yet. So who needs these teenage boys anyway. What about the good old-fashioned method of the lonely madman meandering through the gate with his all-American SUV? <br /> <br /> As for the exchange of shell scenes themselves, the cuts here were as stiff as staccato of a DC comic. All that was missing was Wham, Bam and Whiz the balloon title. And all this to a soundtrack that is worthy of an old Mannix episode. <br /> <br /> At one point, we learn that daddy is not really the father, but at that point we do not have much interest in it anymore. The only source of the story in this story is the conflict between the pro-life father and his pregnant daughter, who is only grateful that she has no twins. However, there is not a single scene (flashback or not) in which they are actually found together. They only remain abstractions among themselves. <br /> <br /> With the exception of the gatekeeper, every single character is absolutely disinclined. Fad, hysterical, stupid, macho. As perfect as a human wallpaper. None of the doctors seems to have anything medical about them. And there is this angry dad who nudges his pregnant daughter as if he were the stressed friend himself. Luckily he got his. There are two great MST-worthy comic moments: the bumper when Angelica's plumbing runs out, and later the newborn lobster with a baby head taped to its head. Sweet was also Angelica's rugby ball belly, before finally ripping the pretty little monster out of hell. As for the bold, male abortion scene ... Well, they should have kept Miike's episode and instead forbid it. Episode. This stinker alone, which is only relevant to today's permissive U-16 generation, will ensure, as someone else here said, that this series will not be renewed for a third season. Too bad, because there were a number of brilliant productions, including really decent parodies like Dante's 'Homecoming' or McKee's deliciously quirky 'Sick Girl'. Not to mention the great pictures of Malone's "Fairhaired Child". Sorry John Carpenter, I think your days are over. It's time for President to run.
