* MANY MANY SPOILERS IN THIS EVALUATION * This movie was awful. I'm a big baseball fan so I thought I would watch it and I was very disappointed. It started very well. Seeing the bad influence that DeNiro had on his little son, I hoped he would become a better father in the course of the movie. In the beginning it seemed as if DeNiro should be the protagonist. He was the only one who believed in Bobby, and he had his adorable son, whose custody he lost, which gave me a reason to feel bad for him. He wanted to help Bobby by talking to Primo when he brutally killed Primo ... Not to mention that sketchy, recurring song "I WANT TO **** YOU !!!!" In random, inappropriate moments. <br /> <br /> Later, when DeNiro rescues Bobby's son from drowning, I hoped the movie could save itself. He could forgive himself for killing Primo if he saved Bobby's son. But of course that goes far beyond the depths of the film because it's all about getting CREDIT for the murder, and this by stealing Bobby's son, car, and dog and holding them hostage - Bobby just needs a homerun Execute and proclaim that DeNiro is a "real fan" while he shows a picture of him biting a knife. Now we come to the totally unrealistic scene at the end ... It's pouring like hell and we're expected to believe that the game was not called. Then DeNiro magically appears in a referee's suit on the field and calls Bobby at home. He pulls out his knife and begins to sting anyone who runs on the field. There are apparently no officers on the field (but the police are on their way), and DeNiro steps onto the hill and prepares to hit Bobby a knife when he is shot. But do not worry, this happy and enjoyable movie has a happy ending because Bobby finds his son. <br /> <br /> This is NOT a sports movie. It's NOT about a fan. As far as I know, fans are not rabid psychopaths who threaten, rob, and knife their admirers. This is probably the sickest movie I will ever see in my life. The plot was flat, the soundtrack was bad, the movie had no purpose at all. I'm warning you not to waste your time on this disgusting apology for a movie.
