The London Underground has something inherently scary, with its long winding tunnels, the escalators that lead you deeper and deeper underground, and of course the rats that roam the tracks. It was used in the 70s of the horror Deathline alias Raw Meat. It featured a cannibalistic tribe living in a disused tunnel and the famous chase at American Werewolf in London. I was pleased to see that someone else had tried to use the atmosphere of the subway at night with Creep's most recent British production. <br /> <br /> I thought the movie started off well, with a very effective credit sequence that was really disturbing, followed by a scene in the sewers that made it possible for something evil to lurk beneath the streets of London. However, Creep went downhill from here, and I wish I'd shut it down after this opening scene, leaving me with a positive impression of the movie. All the characters become disagreeable and unlikely, even Potente himself, and the director felt the need to slap us with social commentary on homelessness. He also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full light, where he no longer becomes creepy from a distance, and reveals that his name is Craig. How can you have a monster named Craig? It becomes an X-Files type thing, reminiscent of the episode Tombs. In fact, I wished that Mulder and Scully would show up and sort them all out for me. <br /> <br /> As for the notorious sexual violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and completely unnecessary. It just seems to shock the audience, rather than any intrinsic plot value. The problem is, it's so over-riding and horrible that it actually stuns you to the rest of the horror, which is a mistake, since it's only half of the movie. The only redeemer of the film was a rare performance for me by Ken Campbell, one of my occasional favorite actors. You do not see him very often, but when he's on the screen, he kicks everyone else in a corner. It was a stroke of genius to throw him as a wastewater inspector, which unfortunately was the only one in the film.
