I like watching movies about UFOs, which is why I recently decided to re-watch EYES BEHIND THE STARS after seeing it as a kid in the late 1970s. And now I'm forced to write a review because I'm afraid I'll forget everything quickly. You see, even though EBTS is not bad, it is VERY boring and inconspicuous. The story is kind of interesting, but flat. The actors are good, but their roles are boring and a bit confusing. The FX are awfully amateurish, but I can overlook that if the movie is convincing, which unfortunately is not the case. <br /> <br /> There is also very little violence and there is no nudity to do this. This 1970s Italian science fiction opio is a TRUE curiosity, because if there is one thing, the Italian genre films out In the 1970s, unlike genre films from other countries that emerged in the same decade, it is the amazing amount of violence and sex that can be found in them. Strangely enough, the EBTS stands out from the rest of the pact because of the almost complete lack of exploitative elements. I do not know if this can be considered a compliment. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think EBTS needed more violence and some sex here and there to spice things up, because it's so deadly and dry. And the special effects are not that special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is really interesting. It is a combination of THE X-FILES and Antonioni's BLOWUP: A photographer holds an alien on film during a fashion show from a country during a fashion shoot. The aliens know that they were being held on film. They kidnap the photographer and a model and then destroy all evidence of their presence on Earth. The problem begins when the model meets a man in the home of the recently abducted photographer (this happens before she is kidnapped herself). The man takes some of the negatives and leaves, the aliens do not know the missing negatives. The whole story is about this man who wants to know more about the aliens and a secret spy group that wants to get the negatives. The majority of the film revolves around boring political intrigues in the spy-spy variety. The UFO element of the story is almost unimportant and could easily have been replaced by any McGuffin from the Cold War. But as boring as the eyes are behind the stars, they resemble the X-FILES MUCH! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. The best thing about EBTS is the POV shots, which are scary and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgotten, including the stupid-looking aliens. <br /> <br /> Although I have rated this film mostly negatively, I still appreciate it. I still remember the effective advertising campaign that scared me when I saw her as a kid. And I own the video. The movie could have been so much more if done right. Well ...
