Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), an extremely unlikely bourgeois bitch who somehow sleeps and wakes up to the subway station due to the noise of the last subway train. After meeting with her colleague and a potential rapist who was on a mysterious train after closing the lines, things are going awry and she's being followed by what lurks beneath the city streets. Her story is that of George (Blackwood), an ex-con who works in the sewage system. They meet in the last third of the film, brought together by their attempts to escape the monster they are pursuing. <br /> <br /> The couple goes through a series of increasingly unlikely places. From the subway station, they get into the treatment plant before they are somehow in a kind of underground operation. Most subway stations have no toilets, so it's a question of how to operate. Of course, the film must explain that the operation has no running water. But it has electricity? This is just one of many inconsistencies that counteract the atmosphere of day-to-day credibility that the film seeks to create. <br /> <br /> The monster itself is a problem. There is no argument for his actions, it only kills people for no apparent reason. And then, of course, it stays alive for no real reason, maybe just so that they can eventually escape and give the film an extra runtime of about 15 minutes. I understand that the natural evil is supposed to be scary, but then the movie tries to explain through a photo of a doctor and his son and a few shots of some glasses with babies, and yes, it's just as tired and pathetic as it sounds. Nor can it explain how long the creature was underground to lose the ability to speak. She only communicates in raptor screams, but not long enough to disintegrate her shorts. Hmm. <br /> <br /> This medical profession leads to a scene that is the movie's desperate attempt to implant itself in your memory, and though it's bloody and uncomfortable to see, it's not enough. The last third of the movie depends on an emotional relationship that never existed, and the characters collapse and recover for little or no apparent reason. George breaks down, unable to cope with anything, even though he claims he wants to flee to see his daughter again, and Kate gets emotionally hard seconds after being torn for a person for a card has, breaks. Yes. <br /> <br /> After starting as a movie, "This can happen to anyone", he quickly falls apart as he introduces ideas that make him increasingly unrealistic. A complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and a lack of tension make this unnecessary.
