Originally called The Changer. The Nostril Picker is a poorly constructed story about a loner named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who likes "em young". Unable to interact socially with girls, he encounters a trample that teaches him a special Vietnamese song. This "song" includes the whistling of "London Bridge is Falling Down" while hopping like an epileptic Morris dancer. Nevertheless, Ugly Joe tries it and hey presto! He is a girl now. Ideally, he must be a young man to attract girls. But let's not talk about ideals here - this movie was produced in 1983 and released in 1993. In an ideal world he should NEVER have been published. Ham passes on history. "It's worse than that, the Nostril Picker really takes the biscuit, in fact the whole damned biscuit tin, terribly scripted dialogue between brain-dead actors, a ridiculous conspiracy, and a predictable turn, just as things could not go back to absurdity. For example, Joe decides to kill the girls by turning himself back into himself, but I thought he wanted to approach them, not content to be a murderer, Joe changes also in a cannibal and eating some of his victims, of which there were only about 3-4, Steven Andrews) then brought her to her apartment.What happens next, defies belief ... Joe turns into a man, but also discovers that the hooker is a man, how does he react? Well, in a sort of Benny Hill fashion, he chases "her" with a bunch of dirty dildos A flat just to stumble upon an inflated doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge thought. At the very least, this scene paved the way for another inestimable moment. The male hooker reported the incident to a curly police officer wearing a 2-bit joke uniform. The comic acting is a must. Especially the Hooker's inability to say "dildo" and his demand for "satisfaction". Apart from the above incident, this monotonous slash strip was a total boredom. They know that a movie is bad when the DVD trailers were more exciting. Normally I would fast forward to the good parts, only there was none here. Joe was involved in the main sequences, just stabbing his victims repeatedly. Forget fast cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one during a stitch scene) to limit any kind of tension that may already exist. A girl's reaction to chopping off her fingers is ridiculous. Normally I would enjoy the words "uncut", but in that case they were anything but a blessing. Only agonizing cinematic torture. The whole movie felt like an unedited episode of Midsummer Murders, just less entertaining. I would hate to see the shortened version. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the Nostril picker is the least significant thing I've seen since Richard Hammond's 5 o clock show. Gloomy performances worsened by a terribly narrow soundtrack and bad synchronization. Do not be fooled by the box label, it's NOT a cult classic unless it qualifies for the Lets-Use-shitty horror DVD for Coffee Coasters cult. What I think does it. If not reprocessed for up to 30 minutes, stay away from this coma causing clutter.
