Sometimes a film comes out that is unique. The Nostril Picker is one such movie. The Nostril Picker is like no other movie I've ever seen. Unfortunately, The Nostril Picker & I is unique for a variety of reasons, as the filmmakers originally intended. Read on and everything will hopefully be clear ... The Nostril Picker, as he is well known, although apparently filmed under the title The Changer, begins with extremely boring shots of an American city somewhere, streets and works of this kind, like the leader plays. When The Nostril Picker really starts, we, the viewer, are introduced to a real loser named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering), who is over 40 years old. He lives alone in a crappy little flat where he watches TV and beef taste eats dog food & listens to old records while dancing with a rubber doll. Joe likes teenage teens, he has different porn magazines, but he likes the real one more. As an ugly idiot, however, Joe can not tempt any young ladies to go out with him or do anything else with him. On a fateful day, an old homeless Vietnam veterinarian (Horace Grimm) sees the agony and pain that Joe has to go through (in fact, he sees Joe being approached by the cops for bothering a young girl) and decides to kill him to help. He tells Joe about an incantation he has learned from the "gooks" in Vietnam and that turns Joe's appearance into anything he wants. A process he calls Morphosynthesis, but at the same time he warns Joe that "it drives you crazy if you do it too much". That night, Joe decides to try for some reason in a public podium position. Joe says a few words, does an extremely stupid dance and starts yodelling. Joe whistles while whistling that London Bridge is Falling Down. Listen, yes, I'm not feeling well either. At first, Joe is visibly disappointed when nothing essential happens. To comfort himself, Joe tries to buy a porn magazine, but he is shocked when the employee (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell it to a minor girl. Joe, the bright spark he is, realizes what has happened and speaks out, claiming his father sent him / her to buy. Joe, who now calls his alter ego Josephine (Ann Flood), recognizes the possibilities and goes straight to the local high school. Joe befriends four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg), and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro) School by simply teaching sports teacher Miss Van Dyke ( Vicki Hollis) ask. At first, Joe seems harmless, he just likes to hang around the girls' toilets and stuff. But things will soon change as Joe Brenda brutally murders. Father Armstrong's father (Edward Tanner) is a detective, so the pathologist, along with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden), are determined to catch the culprit responsible for killing his friends Joe strikes again? The IMDb list for The Nostril Picker is wrong. I saw her a few hours ago. She clearly states that she is led by Mark Nowicki, who was also a co-producer & definitely not Patrick J. Matthews, who was named as a cinematographer & The Cinematographer, not that it makes a big difference. However, I would have thought that Nowicki would have been more than happy if Matthews had taken the "credit" for this bitch. No one involved in making The Nostril Picker should ever be allowed to get close to a camera again. The Nostril Picker is without doubt one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It's absolutely terrible in every possible way. The script of Steven Hodge is cruel, there are no narrative structures, excitement, suspense, drama, character development, and the things that happen that the mind is so stupidly stupid that it is untrue. The plotter and event chain in The Nostril Picker are completely incomprehensible. The scene in which Joe finds out about his hired prostitute (Steven Andrews) is indeed a man. Joe starts chasing him in his apartment with two squirting dildos. The following scene, in which the transvestite reports the police incident, is hilariously written and laughed psychologically at the dialogue. I also hated the end, it was not just predictable, it leaves the door open for a sequel, I shudder at the very thought! Technically speaking, The Nostril Picker is awful, point & hope photography, bland & inappropriate music, forgotten places, badly edited (Brenda is killed in the kitchen, but her blood spurts on the TV screen, which is clearly in the opposite room) worst acting I've eaten & very nondescript special effects that consist of a few cut off rubber fingers, a slit neck and a fast scene where Joe eats some meat. It's no surprise that the cast and crew who worked on The Nostril Picker have virtually no IMDb credits for anything before or after. Even at 76 minutes, the Nostril Picker is way too long and really boring to prevail. I could go on all day, how bad the nostril picker is, I really could. One thing I can not quite figure out is the intention of the filmmakers? The Nostril Picker is indeed a unique film, unique in its horror and incompetence. In the case of The Nostril Picker, I hope it will remain unique. I said it's still not the worst movie I've ever seen. To avoid in any case.
