The character of Tarzan has received so many clichés and so many bad interpretations that those who hope for a different version (people like me who liked the Tarzan books as a kid and have always wanted that) have made a movie version of the books just followed a bit, should know how the recent renditions are composed. Some of the IMDb reviews deal with this point, but here are my $ .02. <br /> <br /> I only know two counts of Tarzan's cinemas, namely Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and the animated Disney movies version that try Edgar Rice Burroughs's rather interesting character (the son of a downed English noble couple who was picked up after her death by a monkey tribe who rears him as one of them and becomes the "lord of the jungle" because of his superior human mind before he returns returning to England and asserting his other identity) and not the usual Hollywood jungle man, whose lineage continues to be dark and whose trademark is his famous reputation, his mysterious inability despite long contact with people who know English the language, his habit of swinging on vines, his strength, his heroism, etc. About these the characters are just the name Tarzan and the fact that they both have a wife named Jane, in common. Ron Ely's TV version is a compromise: like Burroughs' character, he speaks good English and is a kind of James Bondian in both cultures, but he is not a Lord Greystoke and there is no Jane. <br /> <br Well, this movie belongs to a third category of Tarzan films, and I hope it stays a category because it is terrible. This category uses the character as a vehicle for soft porn. Jane, played by legendary bad actress Bo Derek, is in Africa looking for her father, the absent professor, who combs the jungle and looks for something that is never specified. Although her father has long been missing, she finds him effortlessly. Richard Harris as a father is the best here; He sees the movie is stupid, and he enjoys playing and hammering in a way that reminds me of Peter O'Toole's intentionally stupid performance in What's New Pussycat. Dad explains the legend of Tarzan ("a kind of ghost or spirit," he says - either a theft or an inarticulate attempt to pay homage to King Kong) to his daughter, who at this point does not know the ape-man. Shortly afterwards, we hear the notorious stereotype of the Tarzan scream. Daddy dies, which does not seem to bother his devoted daughter. And then ..... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan appears, but says nothing. In fact, he says nothing during the entire movie. He and Jane fall in love, and they romp about, carrying almost nothing while reciting Doggerel love poetry outside the screen. The end. That's the story. <br /> <br /> Well, not exactly; There is also a scene where Tarzan wrestles unrealistically with a boa constrictor - a most unusual boa, as it is the only poisonous one ever seen. Jane treats the bite with the help of a chimpanzee who helps by wringing out the garment with which she ties the wound together (I do not do that!), And this is just one of many excuses for her to take her clothes off /> <br /> I always like to conclude a review with something positive, but this time it's hard. Let's see ... Well, it's unfair to criticize this movie for showing an orangutan, even though we all know that orangutans do not live in Africa. The classic Tarzan movies used all Indian elephants, right? You also have to admit that Bo Derek is pretty in face and shape. (But why did not she just make a career as an art model? What does it say about a movie when it gets boring to look at a pretty woman? I did not really decide if that's a positive or a negative, that she's taking her step have never shown.) But now I realize: try as I can, I can not end on a positive note. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie if you have a bad movie fan. I'm out here.
