Bo Derek might have had a career if she had not taken over her deceased husband John as her director. It's really a shame, no, with the right direction and the right part (see "10") Bo was fine. She would not even win awards at her best prices, but she is no worse than many actresses who have made it a great success in the last 15 years. But that was the problem: John was determined to ride the wave Bo had created with her appearance in 10. Bo was the "perfect 10," "the hottest woman in America," "the sex symbol of the 1980s." The problem is in John's hands that this wave crashed in just a few years with a thump. Perhaps he knew her limitations as an actress, perhaps designing films for her that focused on her body, not her acting skills. But it was getting old quickly. It did not help that the films of John and Bo Derek are really (really honest). And badly sums up Edgar Rice Burroughs literary icon, the lord of the jungle, Tarzan the monkey. <br /> <br /> Do you know what's worst? This movie is boring! Make me laugh, make me cry, do not bore me. Not even Bos impressive looks and characters can arouse any interest, and that's why the movie is built of course. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, he and Bo were previously in Orca) puts it on and makes his scenes at least a little interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes a physically impressive Tarzan. Maybe he got the last laugh after Miles was hit with a lot of poison by the critics about this movie. Miles made a solid career as a B-movie icon, in films that were not great art, but this one million times more fun. But other than that, it's Bos's body, and you can only see him so often, until you're longing to find something else. Tarzan the ape-man has nothing else. John Derek was a really dynamic actor, he was not a director. He should have stayed with his power. This movie unfolds at a slow pace and nothing really happens in the action scenes. Burroughs Tarzan was all about excitement and wish-fulfillment (who does not want to be as agile, strong and handsome as Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You do not get anything here. Take a look at this and you've wasted 107 minutes of your life. The second thought may be a valuable lesson on how you can not handle someone else's film career. <br /> <br /> But Bo Derek is fine in my book. She stood with John until his death, has a true love for animals and nature and even looks with a giggle for their time in the spotlight. She also proved that she is not the stupid blonde who many want her to be. If she could survive Tarzan and Bolero, she can survive anything. So come back Bo, everything is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And by the way, is Steve Strong playing the bad guy, the same Steve Strong doing a short wrestling career?
