This is a new production of Tarzan in the epoch of Soloflex and Apocalypse Now. There is nothing inherently wrong in using films to mitigate moral constraints to give the Tarzan legend an erotic side. There is nothing inherently wrong with the premise that Tarzan does not speak. It is a great mistake to accept a woman who could go to an African jungle in 1910. This could be offensive stupid and plastic. Bo has as few lines as possible when researching bodies, as this movie is just a video centerfold, as neutral as possible, so you can project yourself and your lustful fantasies into the project. If it succeeds, National Geographic has influenced the way in which the images of a Tarzan film are constructed. <br /> <br /> It would be ridiculous to argue that movies should not use sexuality as ONE's of many tools to draw viewers. Some really great movie moments involve it. But this movement is at the other end of the spectrum - inclination is the only thing going on here; at the time of its publication and now. They sit through horrible, stupid scenes that are not of interest, and miles of shots of bad action to drool over the next look on either body. Yeah ... Bo Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (um, congratulations on a working libido), but if that's your excuse to give this shack a good rating, you should definitely visit a porn store and be yourself shopping. There is only one difference between the two formats, and (I only guess), a horny viewer would probably really enjoy the latter. The question is whether a mainstream film is the best place in the market for viewers to find products that only satisfy the lust. As a showman, John Derek has successfully exploited the sexual mystique that has developed over his wife Bo, the movie "10"; and created a media event from a flat project whose only merit was the sharpness of the two leads. The movie itself was not that important. He was about 20 years ahead of his time when he thought the audience would applaud him for making a threadbare, flat film showing only superficiality. As a director, John Derek seems only to demand that Mrs. Derek looks pleasant, empty and hunchbacked in every scene. It is abominably shot. The positioning of the camera is annoying. In terms of processing, the entire swipe catalog is exhausted. The credit sequence is garish. And it's an indication of who commits the worse screen crime. Bo Derek, he's such a fool that she can not even figure out how to play a fool, or Richard Harris, who calls every line (as he likes) until you shoot him. At least at Bo, you can imagine how she made a great writer responsible for exchanging them for a moment.
