Surely one of the worst remakes of a classic in film history - especially because the promise of his saying "The most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all time" is not even properly exploited! Although this film has been screened on television regularly since my childhood, its reputation (for terrible, non-erotic content) kept me from doing so - and I only gave in, because I recently had fun with Bo Derek's The Last Movie, 10 (1979). , has also looked over the Christmas time a lot of fantasy material. <br /> <br /> Lead actress and producer Bo Derek is pretty ridiculous in playing the schoolgirl-sexual innocence (witnessing) the incapable banana scene) and, as was to be expected, she has to undress a couple of times, but as welcome as these scenes were, she was as sensual in 10 as she was here; So Richard Harris chews the landscape incessantly as Jane's obsessed explorer father, but John Philip Law barely lends himself as his adviser, meekly showing an initial interest in Jane herself; The newcomer Miles O'Keeffe has the title role and makes only 45 minutes in the film. He is completely silent except for his famous yodeller (who was probably already replaced by Johnny Weissmuller anyway) and is as expressionless as he is from the trees on which he regularly dangles in the second half of the film! For the record, he later starred in two ATOR films (or possible CONAN imitators) for Joe D'Amato and the King Arthur era, SWORD OF THE VALIANT (1984). <br /> <br /> When still an actor, director John Derek (who is also his own cameraman here) had with some good filmmakers (Cecil B. De Mille, William Dieterle and Robert Rossen) and some great (Otto Preminger , Nicholas Ray and Don) worked together), but he clearly learned from them, because his direction is a great danger: sometimes abominably presumptuous (witness the absolutely gruesome Python attack sequence) with pointless overuse of slow-motion technique and cheesy transitions; This was Derek's seventh film as a director (and his second in four with Ms. Bo), and eventually he would only be able to make two more. <br /> <br /> The complete failure of the film has to be measured only by the movie fact that the Tarzan legend was once again tackled in the film - in GREYSTOKE: THE LEGEND OF TARZAN, LORD OF THE APES (the I surprisingly did not see myself yet) - only three years later !! Nominated for six Razzie Awards (including John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keeffe) and for Bo Derek himself, TARZAN, THE APE MAN was co-written by Gary Goddard, the future director of another highly anticipated but ultimately disappointing rendition the screen of a (this time animated) heroic character, MASTER OF THE UNIVERSE (1987), which I will visit again now (yay)! Despite a charming closing sequence, in which Tarzan and Jane play with an orangutan, and a music that is not really that bad and occasionally rousing, all belated good intentions are defeated by an extremely stupid climax, the native Bo complete paint White and, fatally, John Derek's clear lack of interest in the character of Tarzan himself, which makes him an insignificant minor character in his own, self-titled film !!
