It is a great tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But that should not mislead anyone into seeing a pretty ugly spot in the lives of both men in 1981. Undoubtedly, John Derek conceived this film for his wife, which did "Some Like It Hot" and "One Million Years BC" for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh, creating an iconic sex symbol for the new decade. After Dudley Moore was embraced in the '10' Bo's call on the beach, an all-star cast and filming in Sri Lanka meant nothing could go wrong. As they say, mortals plan and God laughs. It is said that when the film premiered in 1981, the film attempted to take legal action against him. Bo Derek plays Jane Parker, who goes to turn-of-the-century Africa to unite with her fraudulent, abusive dad, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is a discoverer who has set out to find "The Great Inland Sea" as the stuff of the local legend, whose existence was shaped by conventional wisdom. It's well worth seeing Harris for a wonderful, hulking, stuffed performance that includes singing an Irish song to an Indian elephant who somehow found his way to Africa (did he come at the same time as the orangutan from Sumatra? ) Although Jane admits to despising Parker, Bo and Rich's relationship, Creepy Incest is a testimony to the effects of the tropical heat. After a short time local legends circulate about a 'Great White Ape' and Jane hears the famous yodeller. This is the script for Miles O'Keefe, a future B-movie star making a strange debut as Lord of the Jungle. Unlike Johnny Weismuller with his pidgin English or Ron Ely, who speaks the language fluently, O'Keefe Tarzan is mute. However, given some of Bo and Richie's dialogue, this is probably not a bad thing. Harris and his caravan finally reach the Great Inland Sea, located on a gigantic plateau halfway across Africa. Are not seas, lakes and other water areas generally located in lower areas ?? Nonetheless, it's just one of many anomalies in the John Derek universe. The crew tries to climb the cliffs, and as the ropes break, Harris drones as the hapless men who have died are abused. On another occasion, Jane decides to swim naked at Inland Sea, and gives another opportunity to see unfounded nudity. Out of nowhere emerges a single male lion. Now, lions usually travel in pride and never near beaches, but later Tarzan will fight with a (venomous) Boa Constrictor. Zoology does not seem to have been one of John Derek's strengths ... Since Jane is a Tarzan film, he is enchanted by the Lord of the Jungle and decides to take his virginity. But if you've seen his closeness to some of these chimpanzees, you have to ask yourself ... If you're talking about that, not only the estate of Edgar Rice Burroughs could have complained. It is very likely that certain primates talked to their lawyers: The chimpanzees make you miss Cheeta very much. Especially when they do ridiculous things, riding on the backs of elephants and clapping their hands when Tarzan and Jane finally tackle it! The culmination of this film was captured by some rather stereotypical cannibals, Bo and Harris, who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice / eat / execute her. Suffice to say that The Great Wooden Ape gets his girl and * SPOILER * Harris gets impaled on a giant elephant tusk! This does not prevent the dying Parker from providing Jane with a sprawling monologue. As far as I know, the lawsuit from the possession of Rice Burrows was never implemented, but "Tarzan, the ape man" was crucified at the box office (no joke?) Too bad. John Derek would have been able to lead 'Tarzan the Ape Man 2' with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe in domestic bliss and Dudley Moore as 'Boy'.
