I saw this movie today (2006) on the History Channel. First of all, I realize that this is not a documentary, but a drama. However, one could hope that at least the critical "facts" that history addresses are based on actual events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The movie did it right. From then on reliance on facts expires. I had never heard of this movie before. I was a television reporter at the time of these events and was stunned that I had never heard of Secretary Biz Haig's bizarre behavior as presented by Richard Dreyfuss. The whole nation had heard of "I'm in control ..." and so on, but Dreufuss' Haig bugs a crouching cupboard and is personally out of control. After watching the movie, I started researching the topic on the Internet, and quickly found the current tapes and transcripts of most of the conversations in the Situation Room that this movie wants to impose. Incredibly, many of the film's key "facts" that show a white house, intelligence, etc. in total chaos - and the leadership of the nation that behaves irrationally and brings the world close to nuclear war - are demonstrably wrong. They did not happen! Of course, there are internal conflicts. Haig makes mistakes, his press room performance is historically unfortunate and he is "difficult". However, there is nothing that approaches the scenes shown in the movie. There are too many blunders to list, but a fair comparison of the recorded and written record and the fantasy of this film raises the question of what producers really wanted to achieve. Enlighten? Inform? To chat? I think they failed on all three fronts. It is difficult to attribute motives to others, but one has to seriously question what is behind a shameless invention. And the episode documentary "Reel to Real" by my beloved History Channel almost did not mention the themes that were the focus of the film - the events within the administration on the day of the shoot. The viewer was therefore able to research them without much help - if any - from the network.
