This 1970 TV production with Susannah York and George C. Scott is further proof of how difficult it is to bring Jane Eyre to the screen and how much can go wrong. It's true that the film has suffered DVD transmission - some scenes that were complete in the original have been shortened and edited so poorly that there are conspicuous continuity gaps and even a crucial scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of a sentence ! But even if the cut were better, the movie would not be. The script is bad, the characters are not in line with the novel and almost all the actors are wrong. As a result, one does not feel at all to see an adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's novel at all. The problem is not only that some scenes are shortened or omitted - this is the case with all brief adjustments - but also that the other scenes do not capture the tone, the mind, the atmosphere and the concept of the novel at all <br / > <br /> This Jane Eyre, for example, completely omits Gateshead and begins with the arrival of Jane in Lowood. Although this is perfectly fine, as some scenes need to be skipped, it is incomprehensible that instead of using the time gained (as it were) and thoroughly portraying Jane's friendship with Helen, the influence that Helen has on Jane's development, in which Lecture she teaches her in Christian stoicism, the film focuses almost exclusively on the physical abuse of Helen, which in this adaptation is driven to absurd extremes. What Helen suffers is bad enough, as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison department that Helen deliberately wants to prematurely kill. And that's all about lowood. Comparing that with the deep influence of the years in Lowood on Jane in the novel, one regrets that the film does not even touch the surface of this episode in Jane's life. And that is the problem in this adaptation: it races from scene to scene, often without transition, and does not approach the nature of the novel anywhere. The dialogues are an odd mix of compound lines and lines from the novel, which are very clumsily patched together, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so shortened that they both share only five minutes on screen before falling in love, and the Little conversation contains nothing of the brilliance, intensity and humor of the conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But screenwriter Brontës not only spoke unfairly, she also managed to ruin her moral outlook in one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to Rochester's wife after the wedding, she says, "Nevertheless, I once loved her (his wife) as I love you now." The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is indeed an innocent victim of amoralism and has been arrested for marrying a crazy woman he never loved, and for his endeavor to find a true life partner when it is not sanctified according to the law of God and man, but understandable and forgivable! But this one sentence completely undermines Brontë's holistic concept of morality and makes Rochester a dirty old man who wants a new young woman because his old wife no longer benefits him. <br /> <br /> From the mistakes to the script to the casting errors: Well, I am by no means one of those who insist on a physical similarity between an actor and the literary character he writes, but through no imagination you can imagine pretty, blonde, blue picture Susannah York as a perfect heroine of the novel. Also, Ms. York was in her thirties when the movie was filmed and looks like this. The novel's timid, restrained and inexperienced young Jane becomes a perfectly balanced, graceful and mature woman who is absolutely sure of herself and her deserts. I'm not saying that Susannah does not play York well and convincingly, but the woman she portrays is not Jane Eyre of Brontë. Occupying George C. Scott as Rochester must have been motivated by the desire to have a Rochester who looked old enough to make the age difference of 18 years between Jane and Rochester plausible. Scott looks like he's in his 50's, but he's acting in various scenes as if he's 70. <br /> <br /> To complete the "maturity" of the lead actor, all passion, desire, and despair seem intentionally driven out to be of the script. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional climax of the novel, has become a quiet, rational conversation between two middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester fell asleep. When Jane returns to him in the final scene, he is happy as much as a grandfather who has just been visited by his favorite granddaughter in his retirement home. The only character showing a fair amount of emotion is St. John. Ian Bannen plays him so passionately and his eager request for Jane's love is so touching that one gets the impression that Bannen modeled his St. John after the Rochester of the novel. But good, though Bannen is, his St. John is as far removed from the novel as York's Jane and Scott Rochester. The only redeeming features of this very disappointing "Jane Eyre" are the locations and the score, and I would recommend this production only to those who want to see and compare every single adaptation of "Jane Eyre".
