I saw this film at the Rotterdam Film Festival (jan '06) and then followed the discussion between the director and the audience. Many people reacted shocked and protesting. He will get many negative critics. But: The world is so cruel and not funny. People do not like it. That does not mean that the movie is bad. I can see that difference. Do not shoot at the messenger who will show us the world outside of our "bumble bee"! Nevertheless, I think that's a bad movie. Film technically it is good. Nice recordings and screenplays, best fitting music, great actors. The director pretends to make a psychological film, but the psychology is of poor quality. To describe such violent violence is not art. Art would be a powerful description of the psychological process of this violence. How does a shy boy get into such cruelty? The director pretends to describe this but is not good at it. <br /> <br /> The director repeatedly used the word "selfishness" of people, for example, mentioning the teacher. Only: This teacher was not selfish - just someone in several roles who cared for his students and worried about his script. I think it's a simplification to call it selfish. The atmosphere in the village is scary, and the mother has made terrible mistakes ('You've let me down terribly?'), But it does not make me credible that it causes a lot of pain, that the shyest boy comes to such a dreadful Things; matters. In fact, the reality is far more complex than the way this movie describes? and it needs much better descriptions. The interesting thing would be: how does it work? Please describe this process to us so that we understand it. <br /> <br /> With the written phrase at the end, the director said he wanted to point out an alternative way of life. It was the other extreme and it was confirmed to me that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists and foster black and white thinking. The connection between violence in films and in society has been proven. Such a use of force is the responsibility to use it properly. There are enough black and white thinkers in the world who cause a lot of war and misery. I hope this movie will not be successful.
