Violence, whether real or not always has an impact. In this movie, the violence is about as blatant as you wish. In the "Great Ecstacy", the director has successfully shown what extreme violence is capable of. But what was the point? The violence seems like a mixture of Noë's "Irreversible" and "Kubrick's Clockwork Orange" ... both noteworthy films. Do not get me wrong, I'm not against screen violence at all, and I've seen a few nasty things in my cinematic years, but this movie as a whole is totally youthful. The story has never been developed enough to provide any reason for the extreme violence. The rizla paper reason we give for Robert's death is his introduction to drugs. Danny Dyer plays the character, who is partly responsible for Robert's drug use, despite being on the silver screen for less than 5 minutes. Lesley Manville is no match for Robert's mother. I'm not sure what one of these actors is doing in a movie of this low caliber. The acting is made of wood, the scene in the kitchen with the TV chef and his wife, for example, is just as painful, if not more than the shocking finale - who wrote these dialogues ?! Some of the comments the boys make ... "Looks like they enjoy it," are so banal that letting you laugh if Clay's passionate desire were not for us, with shocking images of mutilated female genitals to bomb. Why we need to be so detailed, possibly up to the director's youthful obsession with sadistic pornographic images ... one can only wonder at the psychology of this young man. <br /> <br /> The 'political meaning' of the film was repeatedly made aware of us by the amount of scenes; In the bar in front of the TV chef's house, the war in Iraq was reportedly too obvious in my opinion. Yes, war is violent, social determinism causes frustration, we are all vulnerable to terrible violent acts, whether you are in politics or on the street. E. If you put all these things next to each other, this is the real problem is the meaning of human violence. We still have not understood this issue, and certainly not in this movie. <br /> <br /> My opinion: rejected, bad and meaningless.
