I always hate to take a too quick aversion to a movie. Look at it a month later and you may see it differently or dig it up on another continent after 50 years, and some cult followers will find something stylistic that is remarkable and initially went unnoticed. After sitting at The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael's British premiere, it came as no surprise to me that I found the Q & A session more interesting than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival) supported with the support of the director and producer of the film, the vivid defense of a film when it was received negatively by the general public. Visitors to the Edinburgh Festival are not easily shocked. Only one person walked out in disgust. The criticism of the film included very articulate and constructive criticism from the layman as well as an actor and a woman, the directors of M.A. This was not a too "shocking" movie. There was a certain amount of uninterrupted sexual violence, but far less extreme than in many films (the actual weapon contact was concealed, as well as the agitated genitals). The audience did not like it because it was two hours long, pretty boring, where the acting standards were not high, the plot was bad, predictable and tedious, and where they were exposed to awkward and presumptuous movies on stage promises of a controversial movie. The metaphors for war in Iraq are imaginative, overemphasized and sloppy (apart from a general allusion to violence, any deeper meaning is unclear). and the "fig leaf reference Marquis de Sade", as an audience puts it, seems to be a mere tokenist apology for the lack of action towards the finale, a certain amount goes to him (he excels at school through his musical skills ), but it uses drugs and is linked to young people who have little or nothing to offer and whose criminal activities lead to rape and violence. If pushed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence in him. <br /> <br /> The movie is not without merit. The audience has to decide how Robert got involved: Was it the influence of his colleagues? Why did not all the good influences and the concern of parents and teachers succeed in involving him in a better attitude towards life? Cinematically there is a carefully assembled scene in which he hangs back (be it through too much drugs, shyness, a latent sense of morality or just when it's his turn?). Several of his friends rape a woman in a back room, partially visible and framed in the center of the picture. In the foreground of the bare bones, a DJ is more concerned that the girl's screams interrupt his cheerful family music than any thought of the woman. After all, he is somewhat annoyed when their activities attract the attention of the police. The rigorous juxtaposition of serious earphone enjoyment with his music, even though he knows a rape is going on, points up his deeply unsettling manner. Robert falls with his back to us in the foreground. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the movie, including its supposedly controversial climax with significant (though not too realistic) sexual violence, does not meet this standard. Some people had a strong reaction to it (the filmmakers' intention: "If they vomit, we managed to evoke a response"), but mostly - and as far as I can judge, Edinburgh's reaction seems to be in line with the Cannes reports reflect - they feel: "Why did programmers subject us to so bad filmmaking?" Director Clay Hugh can lead the conversation but has not developed an artistic vision. His answers to bringing a mirror to life to tell the truth about things that are swept under the carpet, even his defense that little development is imminent because he did not want to shoot a standard Hollywood movie - all good answers Criticism, but unfortunately they do not apply to his film, as well as, for example, by holding up a mirror while someone is defecating or wasting film while improperly playing with symbols. I wanted to give him some more doubts and talked to him for a few minutes after the show, but I found him just as uncomfortable as his movie and soon went to the bar to rinse my mouth with a little more content. There are many truths. One aspect of art is teaching, entertaining others, inspiring others. I asked him if he had a social or political agenda, and he mentions Ken Loach (one of the many big names he means in vain) without allowing himself any agenda. He then resorts to his mantra, after which he should tell the truth. I feel that this was an overwhelmed project for a new director, or an insincere attempt to get on the map, by advocating for second-rate work soup and it was art. Clay Hugh wants to emulate the great directors who created the controversial cinema and crossed borders. Unfortunately, his ability at the moment only to make high-profile excuses for a commercial film.
