I'm not sure what dragged me to the movies to watch this movie, but a few minutes after the start I wanted to leave the theater. For a while, at least I hoped that the story would surprise me, but then I realized it was a waste of time, there was just nothing there. I just stayed because I had another show after that. <br /> <br /> Design: Some designs were pretty nice, mostly from the environment, but the characters were awful in terms of both animation and design. They still look good - on posters and screenshots, but not if they need to be brought to life! They simply did not work, mostly because the same mistake that most 3D companies make is technically very difficult to create truly natural materials in 3D. That makes you believe that the character is alive. It takes a lot of effort and knowledge (hence money) to create something that really feels like hair, skin, cloth, etc. These characters in the movie were made of "cloth," and that just did not work! So they had this ugly cold feeling of computer-artificiality in which the cloth stretches or squeezes like a piece of plastic. It simply did not have the feel of a material that made puppets (that's what these characters wanted to be). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for the characters. It just had the feel of a 3D Shoot'n'Run computer game. I do not want to go to the movies to have a computer game on my screen, I do not know you ... <br /> <br /> Animation was also a shame. I am a professional animator and was terribly disappointed with the low animation level in "9". It was stiff and boring, lacking almost any fantasy or mood. It was just a bit over most of the average 3D animations I've seen, and that does not bode well ... <br /> <br /> And all that - the bad character design and the bad animation could be solved with it a good story, right ?! This was not the case here. Actually, the story was the worst in this movie. It was below each level. It starts straight ahead, it goes straight and ends the same. There is no twist, no surprise, no good dialogue, no development. We've heard and seen stories of machines that have overtaken humanity thousands of times, and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends in the first minute of this movie. The characters do not even have time to get involved in the story - they are just there and show up almost immediately, and immediately some of them act without knowing what's going on. It just did not work. There are also many repetitive action sequences that look like they are filling in the time for the absence of a story. Spectacle, sound and script - oh my god, what can I tell you, it was pathetic. Bad story has a bad script and except dialogues like "No, do not do it!" "I will do it!" "But ... you can not do it alone!" "We can do this together!" "But there are rules!" "But we have to save him!" etc, etc., and so on and constantly repeating, besides these terribly pathetic dialogues, there were the uninterrupted "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh" and "Oooh" and "Whatchout" and "Run"! These were almost all the jumps, runs or crashes of the characters, and it even sounded as if they were out of sync or not at all understood Conclusion: bad drama, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script , bad characters, everything expected, no surprises, no turn, nothing, only a few good designs are not worth the time ... BIG NO!
