I can not believe Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, two people I love, have signed to produce this crap. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest, I lost interest in him for a while because his latest films were either remakes or adaptations. He produced the awesome "Nightmare Before Christmas" I've seen many times, and directed movies like "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow," which are great movies. Bekmambetov made three films that I love: Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I've only seen these three of him, but they prove he's a great director. <br /> <br /> These two people have produced one of the many reasons why I got excited to see 9. Today I went to see it in the theater I was so excited to finally see it. I had been waiting 7 months for the movie to come out. <br /> <br /> This movie is the first time I've left a Tim Burton-related movie and said, "I almost did NOT enjoy any of it." I felt deeply hurt, even feeling like that. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov as production manager, you would have expected this movie to be a good watch. At the moment I still can not get over how much I was disappointed with this movie. I had not even heard of the original short film, but now I can successfully say that this film should remain a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp did a great remake of Alive in Joburg titled District 9. What was so hard to get around 9? I really wanted to believe that this movie was great. I really did. But no, it has failed on so many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was extremely confusing and incoherent. I had no idea what was going on, let alone what it was about. Basically, it's about a bunch of puppet robots trying to save Earth. OK, that's what I got from it. But the writing here is extremely bad. The whole movie jumps like a 6-year-old with A.D.D. to tell a story. There is this big, clanking monster robot waking up and causing destruction. This is the main villain. What else is wrong with this film is that EVERYTHING COMES OUTSIDE. There were too many monster robots, most of which have no logical explanation behind them. They have no development at all. I mean, the Pterodactyl like a monster just flies out of nowhere, we have no idea where it comes out and Acker just expects us to know what it is. Even weaker was this snaky creature with its mesmerizing, sparkling eyes. I dare you to give this description to someone else and expect them not to laugh. All 3 people I talked about burst out laughing. Oh, and it's packing up the victims and sewing them in. I AM. NOT. Kidding. <br /> <br /> The twist in Act III is the most retarded aspect of the entire movie. Basically, 9 goes back to the room where he woke up, finds this box with a hologram of the scientist for 9 and he tells him that the big scary machine robot would bring the robot life to earth, but then bad people use it for war, and it should help protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life 9 so he could protect the world with it. And he just says he gives his life to 9. But what about the other robots? WHO GIVES YOU LIFE ????????? This is the perfect example of bad, fast writing. There is only one of the vital devices that exist. How did the other 8 give them life ??????? The characters are not likeable at all. They risk their lives for no reason. The only good character is 7. 6 annoys me with his "GO BACK TO THE SOURCE !!!!!!" Madness, 1 is an overwhelming idiot, 2 we know nothing about everything, 5 kept annoying me with his "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here instead ...?" Ask. And this end? POOH. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks the end is a big WTF moment. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I love the gloomy and depressing look of everything. However, beauty can not save a good movie. <br /> <br /> While it's true that this movie looks very pretty, it's pretty as pretty and 9 does squats. I'm sure Burton fans will no doubt be pouring into the theater to see this movie without a doubt. In fact, his and Bekmambetov's names are thrown around the promos. People will flock to the theater to see this movie. I know I can not make a big deal out of anything, but watching this movie made me realize how much I like movies with inappropriate characters, non-existing conspiracy, and just plain content. And this movie is one of those movies.
