First, this movie is not a complete catastrophe. If you had never heard of the true story of Gram Parsons, this could be a fun distraction. Johnny Knoxville can not really be criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman - he is pretty good at looking relaxed and down to earth, and you can see himself as a root to his long-lived Jedermann. Michael Shannon is honored for the same reasons, in addition to being a hippie stoner. There are a few good individual comedy scenes - the hippie hearse crashes into the airport hanger door. But this is where the good things end and we begin to see the aspects that make this film so disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as Gram's real father is an invention so shameful that it soils the entire movie. We all know that his real father committed suicide at a young age - something that can certainly be compared to Gram's life on the brink of a better filmmaker. Having Forster as his supposed real father and not his stepfather would be bad enough, if not the familiar difficulties that Gram had with the man who had actually flown to collect his body. It was suspected that his stepfather had admitted to supplying Gram's mother with alcohol when she was dying, and that this infuriated Gram when he later found out about it. The controversy over where Gram's body was buried would certainly be reason enough not to invent a benevolent made-up father who would actually catch up with the duo and his hearse, but then push ahead with the burning. Whatever the truth about the man Gram got the name from Parsons, he certainly had no resemblance to Forster's character and it's hard to understand why that role was written. Then there is Christina Applegate as a greedy chick (of course very pretty) who wants Grams body back so she can start on his estate. Her character and acting are nonexistent, and one wonders why the director did not just do everything and add a lesbo scene between her and the girl who plays Kaufman's girlfriend (that would not have lowered the tone much more). When you think of the ingredients that could be used in a good movie about Parsons, the flaws of this movie are easy to spot. Country music was changed by a young, polite, southern gentleman - who was also long-haired, drug-loving, popular with the ladies and ultimately self-defeating. Real events like the impact of hangers and painted hearses and friends like Keith Richards. Instead, we need to focus fully on Kaufman's contribution to Gram's life. Kaufman obviously still sets the cult status he has received (he is certainly a small cult). From interviews it is obvious that he is enthusiastic about the attention. Remember, this is the man who commented on the genitals of the naked body of Gram Parsons as he prepared to set them on fire. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but a dumped consumption of alcohol. If you look at Knoxville and the director in interviews, things will be clear. It is obvious that they neither have nor want the story of Gram's life. They want a hit movie about an event that's notorious and crazy. It was an amazing life with a strange ending. That the end is the only one dealt with in this film shows how little the makers were familiar with Gram Parsons.
