If you're a fan of the late Gram Parsons, this movie will definitely split you! Part comedy, part road movie, but mostly a bad fiction of one of the weirdest stories in rock history. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS-- <br /> <br /> Basically, it's a well-known roadie named Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville), who "allegedly" pacts cult rock / country / Folk music hero Gram Parsons had concluded that when one of them died first (it did not matter which one of the two was), the other living one was to bring the deceased to the desert, the Joshua Tree National Park in California, in fact, to set the body on fire ... to free the mind and become one with the earth, and so on! Sure, his word was to hold the barely sober Kaufman, who, with the help of a self-hating, headed buddy, lifts the corpse of the deceased Parsons, who had fatally overdosed a drug console and an alcoholic cannon the day before, from the airport. And soon after, a damn worthy combination of fiction and truth follows, in which the late Parsons girlfriend, Kaufman's girlfriend, Parson's stoned-faced father, and a barrage of police and other idiotic idiots all try to beat the clock speak) while trying to catch Kaufman and his buddy before they have the chance to burn Parson's body! <br /> <br /> The movie's incompetent direction, its bad spectacle and the unfamiliar unfamiliar tone generally submerge this movie faster than the Titanic. Not to mention the great fact that this movie does not even tell the truth about the actual events. The accuracies that should have replaced the inaccuracies, as far as I've heard them, are Number 1. Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child. So what was it with the girlfriend and the persecution and what not? Number 2, Kaufman's drug-addicted buddy was a well-known willing participant (unlike what the movie is trying to show) on Parsons corpse, and eventually he died at number 3. Gram Parson's real father died when he was a boy, so it was Parsons stepfather (who would have been less concerned with Gram Parsons during his lifetime) in real life, who took care of the body after being lit. was! All in all, probably the thing that bothers me most about this movie is that the real Phil Kaufman was actually on set to help with the facts of the story. And yet, the film was so untrue and so bad that he honestly brings me to mind! <br /> <br /> Even though the mediocre drama of the movie is a concern, its main character, played by the ultra-lascivious Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), is not only a bad actor, but it seems If it was him You've fallen asleep during most of the movie, and the rest of the pathetic cast is largely either hysterical, brain dead or seemingly completely unaware of what they're actually doing there. All in all, if you like Johnny Knoxville or really dig those so-bad-not-good-buddy-flicks, maybe you'll take a kick out of this movie! But if you're like me and a fan of the late Gram Parsons, you can look forward to films that try to tell the truth as well as possible, especially if they're based on a real story and you like good movies, road movies or fictional Slice-of-life material, you will really detest this movie and advise others to do it as well. I obviously hated this movie and wished it had never been done, but since it was done, I would have preferred it if it had changed from what it unfortunately did! Perhaps one day, the true facts of the story will come through and become a truly great biography throughout Gram Parsons life ... not just what happened to his body after his spirit left her. But until then, as spectators and fans of the deceased performer, we are only in this sad waste of film and as the ever-present terrible monument to the musical legacy Gram Parsons left behind. It should also be noted that they have actually used Parsons music, and a few others in the movie as well, but not surprisingly, you never get enough of them to enjoy them in the least. (Turkey-zero stars)
