From the questions and answers before and after I could see the following: An Irishman would like to make a film. Nothing special, just some movie. One night at a party he hears some ex-roadie telling him a classic piece of rock-and-roll knowledge. the one about how the body of Gram Parsons was stolen by his loyal roadie from LAX, so that he can appreciate the desire of Parsons, that he is cremated in JoshuaTree. Wow! <br /> <br /> What a great idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (well, country), Grabraub, escape, friendship, 70s! I think we could get Johnny Knoxville from "Jackass" because it's kind of a joke, or Knoxville wants to do "a movie" too. Why he must have thought he had the next "snatch" at hand! <br /> <br /> But this story is not really exciting ... we need something to fight against Knoxville. Like a psychotic girl looking for his money! But Parsons was married then. That's OK, nobody knows that. Besides, we got Christina Applegate. But what if the audience does not like the idea of ​​stealing a corpse. Well, we're getting his father to join the persecution, but in the end we're giving permission. But Parsons' father died at the age of ten, in fact his orphan status and his tragic childhood. These are key elements of Parsons mythology. Mythology? We're doing a movie! This is a creative problem solution. <br /> <br /> It is an uncomfortable experience for those who are vaguely or knowledgeable about the subject. The presence of Applegate doubles the fright. First, her fictional character is a Beverly Hills bitch before her time - she might just as well have a cell phone in her hand running around the movie, and secondly, what kind of man would Parsons be if he was ever content with that kind of harpy would? Facts are not only distorted or omitted, but reversed. They could easily have found the villain they wanted in Parsons STEPfather, who was trying to bring the body to his home state, where the right to divide his considerable inheritance would favor him. <br /> <br /> And the music, oh, the music that I love. The music is hacked (the bridge of a song here, the chorus there), pushed into the background and in the end terribly obscured by the hip new indie band Starsailor. My girlfriend asked the unnecessary but irresistible question after the movie - was there anyone, the author, the producers, the director, actually a fan of Gram Parson? Well, no. He'd never actually heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, blah blah, I've learned to love, and here are some factoids that I read online in a biography. Another man spoke out for Parsons' coolness when he said that he and Keith Richards came up with acid and wrote "Wild Horses," a mix of facts that were as absurd as the movie. Another person asked if it was not morally questionable to rewrite history, if most would only learn about this film. Well, he had the permission of the real roadie (he was even hired) and the Parsons estate gave the permission, and all the other people who got paychecks said it was great asking in the embarrassingly trembling voice of a really passionate Parsons freak If the movie was made so cheap (one million), would not they have considered the original Gram Parsons fanbase as an audience? The director and writer seemed to think that he was nothing without fanbase, though I doubt any Mojo magazine would read that the country rock music fan would agree. But a few Britons probably made it, and they just do not care about Cosmic American Music or even know it exists. This is not just a true Parsons streak, he is not even in the right spirit - he does not even fit the legend. At least it should have had the sentimentality of one of his songs. And many people would like to be told. <br /> <br /> I should mention that the movie was well received by the bunch of stoned college kids right on the ski slope and in Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a Parsons fan, ignore the title. It's just a movie for Jackass fans.
