Scarecrow is located in the small American town of Emerald Grove, where high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered by teachers and classmates to be the local Nerdy Geek. The poor child suffers from daily humiliation, bullying, squealing, and general esteem that destroys peer abuse. Unfortunately, he does not find much support at home because his mother is a slut and after Lester annoys one of her guys, he chases him into a cornfield and strangles the poor child. But even if something magical happens (no, the movie does not turn suddenly good), Lester's mind is transferred to the scarecrow, which he then uses as a body to avenge those who torment him and make his life hell. <br /> <br /> Co-producer, co-producer & director of Emmanuel Itier, who according to IMDb list also plays a role in the movie as Mr. Duforq, although I do not remember a name of this name. I suppose Anyone who looks at Scarecrow's IMDb pages probably already knows it has a terrible reputation. I have to say that it's pretty much deserved, because it's awful. Itier's screenplay, Bill Cunningham & Jason White, uses the oft-told tale of one of life's losers, who for no good reason is tormented and tormented by supernaturally avenging himself in a relatively straightforward teen slasher movie. We've seen it all before, we've seen killer scarecrows before, we've seen faceless offspring killed one by one, we've seen one of life's losers get his revenge, we've cleverly seen bad guys cracking jokes while killing them first, and we've seen impoverished small town sheriffs make things worse. The only real question to answer about Scarecrow is whether it's fun to watch on a stupid teen slasher level? The answer is a clear no, to be honest. The film has terrible characters, terrible dialogues, an inconsistent and predictable story, it has some cheesy one-liners, like the scarecrow killing someone with a shovel he asks, "Can you dig him?" & so-called twist-ending, which aims to leave things open for a sequel, is only lame. The movie moves at a reasonable pace, but it's not so exciting and the kills are forgotten. You know, I'm still trying to figure out how to stab and kill someone with a cornstalk. <br /> <br /> Director Itier does not do a particularly good job here, the kill scenes are bad They are handled without any build-up, which means that there are no tensions, as they are within two seconds of introducing a character to be killed. I'm also not happy with the killer scarecrow buddy who turns all those setbacks and somersaults in the air into scenes that feel like The Matrix (1999) or a Japanese kung fu movie! To say the least, the real scarecrow mask looks really good & it looks pretty cool, but it has little to do except spit out bad ones and turn it around a bit. Do not you think that it would have been boring to be caught on a wooden pole in the middle of a corn planted all day long? I know he's a killer scarecrow, but I still say he was bored hanging out on a wooden stick all day! There is no nudity, and the blood is not something to write home about, there is a beheading, someone's face is burned, someone is killed with a corn stick, someone gets a shovel in their necks, some sickles are stuck in people's heads , Someone has torn out his heart and someone has put a metallic thing through the back of his head that comes out of his mouth. With an alleged budget of about $ 250,000, it apparently was shot in 8 days, at least they waste no time with unimportant things such as the development of stories and characters. Technically, that's pretty much sense, shoot & hope for the best. If you look at the guy on the ground who has just ripped out his heart, you can clearly see how he breathes ... Acting is shit, the guy who played Lester's mother wears the dumbest wig and the wrong mustache He played two roles in the movie and the creators had to dress him up, but in the end he made him ridiculous and did not make me start with his accent ... <br /> <br /> Scarecrow has a few Funny moments & the actual scarecrow itself is a nice creation with good special make-up effects, but overall the movie is poorly done, poorly played, stupid, too predictable and very kitschy. If you want to see a great killer scarecrow movie, then check out Scarecrows (1988). Not to be confused with the Gene Hackman & Al Pacino movie Scarecrow (1973) or the upcoming horror movie Scarecrow (2008), currently in production. Scarecrow proved to be popular enough with home videos to produce two more direct sequences, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) & Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
