Let's face it, shall we? Al Gore does not care about the environment anymore than most people who deal with foot fungus. It's a catch! Do not make mistakes, Al Gore is a POLITICIAN! Three years ago, in his home country, he drove / drove 70 km / h in a 55 km / h zone and did NOT drive a hybrid, a Yugo or even a GM Metro, but a LINCOLN (google it go if you would like)! Or how about the fact that Mr. Gore and his Hollywood buddy continue to use private, bubbly jets to attend the premieres of "An Inconvenient Truth." So much for nature conservation, Al? Anyway, it only takes a minute to subjectively look at "An Inconvenient Truth" and discover the main flaw. While the film shows many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the audience the effects of the alleged "global warming," there is no scientist to tell us the suspected CAUSE of it. For example: I can put a hundred people in a parking lot and they can alert a car that is not running properly. But can they tell you for sure why? Generally not! A second mistake, how exactly were the weather instruments 100 years ago (the toilet was not even invented)? What did they have, a June mistake in a matchbox? To hell, even 50-60 years ago? So how do we know, with ANY degree of certainty, that the planet is getting "warmer" when yesterday's records are, at best, highly questionable? Or is this man THE only cause for it? The answer is that we do not do it. Science is NEVER a consensus. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine published a "new ice age". The truth is that any sixth-grade Earth science teacher will say that volcanic eruptions, solar activity, and El Niños have more to do with eliminating climate change than global warming. After all, that's what Al Gore can not adequately address; Even if America decides to follow the global gospel according to Al and implement everything it recommends, how can we make the rest of the world follow this example if we can not even get them to embrace something so offensive? how to agree on terrorism? Answer: It is wishful thinking, Mr. Gore & you as former Vice President of the USA know it! If the people who produced "An Inconvenient Truth" were truly honest, they would have called their movie "Al Gore Wants Attention." What I really want is that somebody asks the former VP; Why have two of the world's biggest polluters (AKA China & India) been exempted from the Kyoto Agreements? Anyway, I hear that A.I.T's producers are working on their next movie titled "Gnomes, Fairies & Elves: Our Endangered Friends".
