An uncomfortable truth is as simple and demagogic as the joker created by the rabid and idiotic Republicans, who meanders in unbelievable lines until he tries to shoot you in the face, that in a few hundred years we'll all be dead. That's undeniable, but who cares? Humans are selfish, destructive creatures. I do not waste my time worrying about extinction. I will just call it "natural progress". Let the apocalypse begin, but in the meantime we must listen to the same brazen politicians who suggest another "new society." Well, do not be fooled, we're still controlled by the rich, the powerful, and those idiots who created the catastrophes in the first place. Nothing will ever change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is quite obvious in the film, being driven by a consuming computer alone in a gas-guzzling car, lives on vast acres of land. In a rather large mansion, the country became itself used for destructive erosion purposes, including cattle, tobacco, pig farming (which make up methane traces) and who knows what its wealth depends on exploitation, its greed and its investments are numerous companies in the world with controversial records. I hardly believe that this man is qualified to teach the less fortunate, but his reputation is based on his opposition to another ridiculous political party, that is all while radiating the same rancid qualities that make politics and politicians so appalling , This Bozo happens to be living a comfortable life, and he teaches poor people in Africa about farming and cutting and burning techniques. He travels the world in high-end seats in fuel-intensive jets around the world, uses documented computers in the documentation, and yet finds that everything is a "moral issue." He is completely immersed in his own deluded nightmares, he says he came to this conclusion because his sister died (due to tobacco cancer and the close death of his son by a car of all kinds). Did he fight against tobacco companies or suggest that cars be banned because they are dangerous machines? NO. Everything has to serve the "economy", so why is he different, the answer is that he is not. <br /> <br /> His abandoned and exhausted attempts at humanist philosophy are catastrophic as he is filmed in the forest or along a small river that avoids stale life-affirming quotes. Well, Mr. Gore, why do not you try to live like ordinary people? He is a politician, plain and simple, he has a career in power structure. My question is, why does not he focus on the mighty industrial nations of the world who are responsible for most of the complications? He does not, because this would be unwise for "investments, stocks and companies". Al Gore gives monotonous lectures on the subject in the documentary, namely, to affluent white people in the audience, who, when presented with cue-on-cue while showing diagrams, numbers and percentages and speaking in a bleak tone, can not do without Harvard education (which the elites control) makes sense, but it tells us that everything is going to hell. No kidding, but I think he does not take this problem right into account in the approach that capitalism has chosen for the planet, namely that it is expendable and a landfill. He never once mentions how industrialization has caused these problems, he only wants to put on mild bandages without eradicating the whole system of oppression. It is obvious that he was spoiled and sent to the elite schools. He has the same basic temperament for politics as any other stinging, unruly fool in Washington. Who made this propaganda, since it in no way differs from what the Republicans thought, had only goals in mind, which were determined by the capitalist impulse. That is, someone will benefit, and it seems that the "new green" politicians supporting venture capitalists are buying the hordes of land to try to develop the "new utopian future" with "new technologies." It's the same old story, Al Gore believes in the elitist structure, he actually believes that there is a "democracy" in the US that I find very naive. If we do not pay the oil companies, we pay them to the wind and solar companies. <br /> <br /> I think the speech is pretty rancid in the end, in the sense of something GW Bush has plunged into the silent masses, Gore speaks of "people who have joined together to defeat communism" in the Ninety years ago, which had to do with global warming, absolutely nothing, but he tries to awaken basic emotions in people. With these words, he did not understand that communism never existed in the world, the systems in Europe and the USSR were merely a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less than what controls US interests. Social ecology was not even mentioned here, which is really a travesty. If you want to change the world, you must have obsolete systems based on greed, exploitation and violence.
