Well, maybe the PC version of this game was impressive. Could be. I'm just finished with the PS2 version and it's pretty much a complete mess. <br /> <br /> There are a few elements that are ok or promising. I will mention it first, because it will be over quickly. First, the idea of ​​a historic GTA-like game is great. The game Gun was a historic GTA-like game and unlike Mafia, Gun was excellent. I would like to see a game that was done right in Mafia's time. Next, the story is well written. History makes sense, it has dramatic arcs, uses an unusual device (with much of the game being a backstory) and it's interesting. After all, some of the graphics - especially those used in cutscenes - are impressive. The designers at Mafia seemed to focus on getting the graphics right where GTA restricted the effort, especially the characters. Unfortunately, the graphics stink in many other areas and I would rather have excellent gameplay than impressive-looking characters. <br /> <br /> Gameplay is what makes this title so low. First of all, the controls and the camera suck absolutely. That must be the first focus of all game developers. You can not share a game where the controls and / or the camera are sucking. First, there is no reason that the character of the player, Tom, can not control the entire range of movement of the left analog stick. Unless it's absolutely necessary and almost never happens, I hate the setup where the left stick moves the character "strafing" and the character can only rotate with the right analog stick. Not only is it unnecessary here, it makes the most simple actions a challenge. For example, Tom has to climb on a few missions. But the game is so poorly designed that you have to manipulate the right analog stick and the camera frustratingly, and then press L1 every time you need to climb. Otherwise, Tom will dismount. <br /> <br /> Next I have never seen a worse combat system. The first problem is that you can not automatically target goals. At an early point, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to fixate on targets, but that never worked. To focus on each enemy, you have to deal with the stupid right analog stick and try to adjust both the orientation of the character and the camera, which tends to drift to the wrong angle or make Tom disappear all the time. At this point you will probably be beaten or shot. <br/> <br /> If you touch or almost touch an enemy, this is certainly the case of melee combat, or if you use melee weapons, the combat system - which consists mainly of knocking or holding R1 - is useless. You can almost beat enemies in a bear hug, but you can only move if you do not retreat. In melee, the tendency is for you to yank on the left analog stick and keep the character from moving away, which is not the case in 50% of the cases, and then tap R1 as many times as possible before the opponent comes too close and makes R1 useless. And in the meantime, if the enemy changes his point of view to you, you also have to fight with the right analog stick to get your character in the right direction and position the camera so you can see everything. You're likely to be hit or shot again at this point, and your only option is to remove the character. My struggles often involved running Tom around like a comedy movie in the hope that I could gain enough time to fight the analog stick and take a few shots before returning to the mercy of the AI fell. So much for a realistic fight. <br /> <br /> And there are the same problems and more when you try to fight with weapons. When you touch someone, the controller does not allow you to fire a shot half the time, and it can still stuff you with holes. In addition, there is no automatic aiming and the target system is ridiculously sensitive, even if the sensitivity under Options is set to zero. Gunfights usually consist of trying hopelessly to aim or leave while the enemy pushes you in, shot by shot. Luckily, the damage seems almost accidental. It can take one to ten shots or more to disable a character, and there is no reason for it. You can place five blows in an opponent's head and near the empty area, and they will still catch fire and hurt you. The game designers, however, seemed to care enough about the realism, as they built a recoil in your target system. After shots with strong enough guns, your target will float away from the target and you will have to fight again. <Br /> <br /> As for the acclaimed graphics, they are rather disappointing, aside from the characters and textures that are close to you. The distance always seems to be empty, and driving often has flat colors and textures nearby. The city was not very well designed. It is not varied enough and there are not many interesting things to see or do. The cars seem slow and hard to control. They are all about the same. Some mentioned the music, but that was pretty inconspicuous. A much better job could have been done here. As many others have mentioned, loading times are ridiculous and constant. They are usually longer than a minute and occur between and in the middle of everything - even races. Overall, the mafia port seems to have been very hectic for PS2 at least. The game feels and plays like an incomplete hack job.
