The acting in this movie stinks. The plot does not make much sense, but from what I've learned, it's about this scientist developing the ability to turn people's personal belongings into tiny steel balls that then fly into their mouths and turn them into zombies (or inflate her head, whichever) and the effects are also lousy. The main part of the movie is bad music, with the actors just as bad at dancing to bad music and interspersed with several boring sex scenes. This should be one of the worst things ever done, but for one thing. An element of the Scherbrillanz that keeps "Nightmare Weekend" ahead of everyone else. And this special quality is the presence of George. George is the loveable interface device between the daughter of the scientist Jessica and the security system of the home computer. With his green hair and nose, balding scalp and heart-shaped mouth, George is the guardian / confidant of Jessica, who asks him for advice on how to talk to men in one of the most dramatic dialogues ever caught on celluloid. With his monotonous synthesized voice, George Jessica tells how many percent of men prefer women in white clothes, and that hitchhiking to discos and bars is the third best way to meet men. Of course, little Jessica just does not seem to get into trouble, which causes George to execute "Emergency Program Code: Protection Jessica," which results in the violent death of Jessica's would-be through one of the above-mentioned steel balls. <br /> <br /> Kubrick was an absolute fool because he felt he could give personality to a computer by using close-up shots of a red light. HAL should have been represented by our friend George to better translate compassion for his later death. The light and sound show at the end of "Close Encounters"? Not bad, but how much better would this movie have been if the first communication with the aliens was George the Hand Puppet. Bishop, data, R2? Kitchen utensils next to the almighty George! He may only be 8 out of 90 minutes in the movie, but do not be fooled. This show is all about George. Even with this limited amount of screentime, George is one of Hollywood's brightest figures, Hollywood Montrose, Majai, and Pappy of New Moon Rising, icons of American cinema. "George to Apache"? You are my hero.
