Have you ever had a cool image in your head that you thought it would be nice to be in a movie: As if you were seeing a detective peeking through the cracks in a broken fence in an abandoned house? Or a woman who walks down a street, looks cold and intense and awfully awake? Yes. Imagine, you would extend this picture to a whole movie. They pretty much have Broken's idea, though there are no detectives in this movie. I use it only as a visual example. But the intense-looking woman is here and she has filled in 99% of the screen time. I can not complain about this woman, she is the perfect choice for this role. <br /> <br /> I consider myself a very open-minded person who enjoys all sorts of artistic expressions and I can really enjoy some really moody stuff. It would be really cool if I could frame a scene from this movie and hang it on the wall. Honestly, the show is great. Some of the expressions on the actors' faces are what make me watch. <br /> <br /> Now for the problem of this movie. Beyond the mood there is not much else here. The director basically had an idea and exceeded it. I do not think it's a spoiler to say that the obsession is "mirror". Let's face it, this unique idea is everywhere in the damn place and that's all the director had to work with. Granted, here and there are a few twists. If you have paid attention, you will not be surprised at the end. Obviously, the action holes are set aside. <br /> <br /> Well, I do not take bones with this art style, since I enjoyed them the most. I still believe that we should judge an art base by the medium that expresses what the artists want to express. Film is not a piece of music or a picture or a painting or even a poem and certainly not just a cool picture in your head. That's all plus a good story and character development. I look at the lynch-type of filmmaking. It is irresponsible and cheap and a waste of the medium. We gave films 2 hours filming time for a good reason. Therefore, we should judge it differently than a single picture material such as a photo or a painting. <br /> <br /> This movie is not completely Lynch-style, thank goodness. It has developed linearly and finally came to a conclusion. It does not have much history or character development. It presented itself quite seriously with characters made up of simple people, and so distanced itself from other fantasy stuff, at least from the surface. It has no explanation for the fantasy element and has never tried to build a coherent world around it. The curiosity came from nowhere and seems to be isolated and random. Maybe the coherence stays in the director's mind, but from what I can see, he did not go out of his way to see it on screen. It seems he has made a great effort to build up the mood and improve with the music. The music often created tensions that eventually turned into a jerk. Only in the later part of the film did the fear and the tension materialize. <br /> <br /> In the end, I felt like: OK, I know what you're trying to say here, but that's the point you're trying to spend two hours building up all these tensions? It's pretty much irrelevant who the characters are and what kind of life they have. And we get very little about who the characters are. All we have is this fact that has just been accepted. Disappointing, but I think the director did not have much material to work with and that shows.
