I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I've seen millions of movies and can clearly tell what an intellectual movie with a sexy message should look like. In any case, The Broken is not one of those films. I have to admit that the movie made me think a lot when I tried to understand what the whole thing was about. Despite the explanations I had read in previous comments, they were just an exaggeration, just to have oneself in the intellectual league of people. The photo on the cover picture clearly shows that the fracture is the upper broken face that normally contains the brain. It is a clear message that the rest will be deformed and lifeless once that part of the body is broken. So they start to wait for the movie characters to show their broken pages, and this is not obvious in any of the scenes, as the movie begins without any introduction to the characters and their past lives. Although we see the father holding a rifle when his children try to surprise him, as if he knows he has enemies, this is not a very strong indication. Had the clues planted more in the film, it would have been said that it is indeed a masterpiece. But although the movie was so slow, it was so empty and had no metaphorical scenes at the same time. And the reunion of the evil father with the evil Gena in the end is a strong refutable proof of the existential messages that some people spoke in other comments. If Gena really lives in the flat, as her brother tells her in the end, how is it that she is the bad guy? I bet I can brave any theory about this movie with so many questions that only one conclusion can be drawn: this movie is a presumptuous and a waste of time. Obviously it shows somebody trying to make something out of a meaningless secret that has no value at all. I'm a big fan of horror movies and Slasher movies that some people call popcorn movies. Horror films should not convey deep messages! You should discover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side, which is the truest, I guess. Horror movies should have blood, cries, intensity, skeletons, body organs and parts. Because that's the real horror and is never removed from reality. I've seen almost all horror movies and can prove that each of them can be as real as the sunrise. Nothing is unreal as long as the mind has thought of it. For example, the horror film "Train", with all the mess and its tension and similarity in almost everything with "hostel", speaks of a very real thing, namely the sale of body organs through illegal kidnapping of people in places where nobody is would be asking or looking for them. <br /> <br /> And even if we consider the Broken as a film that contains an existential message, it is still very poorly presented and least scary. I prefer the addiction message presented in Requiem for a Dream that goes beyond the drug addiction to emphasize the fact that any kind of addiction, be it sex, television, security / pampering, etc., can be so destructive and scare the hell out of me , And those who always criticize horror films for meaningless and very commercial are usually just a group of people who are easily scared and just do not like the genre. However, this does not mean that there are fans of these films and that they have a lot to offer the viewer of adrenaline-turmoil, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), Entertainment, most importantly the personal conversation with the essence of life As ugly and frightening as it seems, death!
