If the myth about broken mirrors were correct, everyone involved in this production would now be unlucky for about 170 years, as many mirrors would be too small. If only the script were as fragmenting as the glass, "The Broken" would have been a brilliant movie. Unfortunately it is just an overlong, distracted and boring movie with only a handful of remarkable ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis made a very stylish and elegantly photographed film, but the story is lackluster and the complete lack of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I had a conversation with a friend about the basic concept and the "meaning" of the film. He thinks Ellis found inspiration in an old legend claiming that tracking down your doppelganger is a clue to how you're going to die. Interesting theory, but I do not know this legend and could not find anything on the internet. Personally, I just think that "The Broken" is another x-th variant of the theme "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", but without the intervention of the aliens. "The Broken" focuses on the American family McVey, who lives in London, and especially on Gina. When a mirror spontaneously breaks during a birthday party, it triggers a series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina sees herself drive by in the car and follows her reflection to a house. As she drives home in a state of mental confusion, she causes a horrific car accident and ends up in the hospital. When rejected, Gina feels as if her entire environment is changing. She no longer recognizes her own friend and scary fragments of the accident flash in front of her eyes. Is she suffering from mental trauma caused by the accident, or is there really a supernatural conspiracy happening around her? Writer / director Sean Ellis definitely gets curiosity and excitement in his script, but unfortunately he can not work it out properly. "The Broken" is a really atmospheric and stylish effort, but only after half an hour of film does one come to the painful conclusion that it remains only a nice, but empty package. There is a frustrating amount of "fake" tension in this film. This means building tension through ominous music and sinister camera angels, if nothing has happened yet. By the time the real puzzles begin, these tricks will no longer have a scary effect on you. Some of my reviewers here are comparing the movie and especially the style of Sean Ellis to the repertoire of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but that's it, right? Too much honor. PS: What about this alternative spelling? the one with the Scandinavian "ø"
