This film is pure, distilled, unadulterated boredom. I did not know about it before I entered the dark room and sat down. I was seduced by the "mysterious and exciting" blurb on the poster I take. In addition, Lena Headey is nice and unconventionally sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a dependable guy, and the cast seemed reasonable. It was perhaps his name over the title that convinced me to go with it instead of what else was. I should have visited Valkyrie for the second time instead. <br /> <br /> The thin storyline revolves around Gina McVey, her boyfriend, her father, her sister, and her sister's husband, who for some reason is persecuted in a very loud and unconscious way by their evil doppelgangers, the emerge from mirrors that mysteriously smash. There could be a great movie behind this idea (not an original idea, but still ...) and if the filmmakers had cut off all supportive actors and just stuck to the story of Headey's character, The Broken might have had a decent idea. minute short. As it is, it is desperately unmotivated and boring and terribly inconsistent. <br /> <br /> In one scene, for example, a mirror shatters into a room containing all the main characters; They look confused, but quickly forget it. In another scene, a mirror shatters in an empty room, and a doppelganger is visible as it "steps out" from the shards hanging on the wall. So why not smash the first mirror if no scary crawling should crawl out? Just for a little thrill? There are far too many scenes of the characters in the dimly lit London apartments, looking around corners, thinking they heard something, but saw nothing and moved on. We begin to wonder why this malicious double gear does not really try to scare her? Scare the characters and you have a chance to scare the audience. But we, the audience, in the darkness of the theater, will have to start threatening each other if we want to get a thrill during The Broken. By the way, once we've spent time with these evil doubles, we're totally amused at why one should expect someone to be afraid of them - they just stand around, blank faces on their faces, maybe completely harmless after theirs <br /> <br /> There are a few nice moods and touches, and I dare say that director Sean Ellis could make a really stylish and thrilling mystery movie next time he hires a fanciful script writer should.
