A few days after I wrote about how garbage like MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH received money, while Ange, Duncan, and Theo were completely ignored, I had to prevail in another British movie, * scratching my head over it Why He Gained a Single Penny Some people claim that DEAD BABIES is based on a highly respected novel that has a built-in market, but both THIS FILTHY EARTH and MAD COWS have also been adapted from novels, and it was a ordeal also to enforce. <br /> <br /> I read the summary of the conspiracy in which a bunch of first-rate spendthrifts go to a secluded mansion where they are being followed by an Internet cult, but to be honest, this is not really how it is the story develops and who expects Friday the 13th meets THE SHINING will be bitterly disappointed, since 90-95% of the term is associated with the fact that the persons mentioned take drugs and talk about sex. And what hateful characters too. None of them are sympathetic in any way and in a few minutes you will be nostalgic for Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot and hope that the next time someone commits to Communist Democrats, an egalitarian utopia will be created. Anything that will signal the end of such a decadent bourgeois sense that the hateful characters begin in this movie can only be welcomed. <br /> <br /> You're not content to give us a movie where the storyline wraps and the audience fails Connect with the characters the director continues to spoil by making everything clever and artistically. No doubt, that is to impress us, so that we will fall to our knees and cry: "Oh my God, what a wonderful director, how he bambooziert us with his highly artistic technique, and only a worthless pleb will not realize what a talent this talent has man is ". I'm sure the vast majority of people either shouted, "How come my projects were rejected while crap was not like this?" Or "WTF was the last half hour of all this bitch?" They could defend the film by saying that the original source novel was not filmable, and this makes the film unsurpassed. I agree that this movie is hard to beat. <br /> <br /> * I know the IMDb classes as an American movie, but the style and bugs at DEAD BABIES are clearly British. Americans may think they have a lot to do with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEAD BABIES, MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH. No wonder everyone is ashamed to be British in the 21st century
