This film could be used in film classes in a course "How not to write a B-movie". In a B-movie there are inherent limitations: the budgets are tight, the time is precious (scarecrow was apparently shot in 8 days) and the actors are often green and inexperienced. One aspect that gives you complete control is writing the best possible script within the constraints you set. The scarecrow script seems to have been written in a drunken haze. I could go over about fifteen examples of this film's nonsensical script, but I'd just like to mention one thing: The Gravedigger. The gravedigger's character will be introduced to the movie for about an hour. He seems to have no connection to the other characters that are already in the movie. He is shown with his daughter, who also has no connection to other people in the film. The gravedigger receives a few scenes of grumpy behavior and is then killed to fill in the body count. Why give the gravedigger a daughter? Why give the daughter a friend? Why do you introduce so late in the movie? Why do not you try to make them part of the ongoing story? Scarecrow does not seem to care. <br /> <br /> The "story" of Scarecrow looks like this: Lester is a high school kid (played by an actor I would have at his early age 30), who was picked up by the other kids becomes. He is an artist who draws birds and falls in love with a classmate named Judy. His mother is lush and the city whore. One of her friends makes fun of his drawings (calling him "fagot" for drawing birds as "monsters and cowboys.") If you have a student still drawing cowboys, I think he's gay rather than a high school student pulling crows) and later kill Lester in a cornfield under the scarecrow. Magically Lester's soul goes into the scarecrow. Somehow this transmission transforms Lester's soul from that of an artist into that of a wisecracking gymnast (I know that some critiques called the scarecrow a kung fu scarecrow.) I can not agree with that.The scarecrow does practically a whole floor exercise before going on the truck jumps the highlight of the movie). The Scarecrow then kills those who tormented him, those who smoke in the corn field, who dig the graves, friends of gravedigger daughters, just about everyone who has appeared on the film set. <br /> <br /> The bonus feature on the DVD should be mentioned. The director (a Frenchman) does an impromptu version of rap music, admits that he enjoys not having any executives on set so he can mess up his wife while working, and brings a quote to life ( and I paraphrase): "Life ez a bitch, but et has a great ass" <br /> <br /> Number of beers I've drunk watching this movie: 5 Did it help: No Number of beers to Enjoy this movie: Whatever it takes to get drunk.
