One of the five worst movies I have ever seen. And I'm not exaggerating. In fact, I recommend watching the video for the same feeling of disbelief as showgirls. <br /> <br /> Out of 400 votes, the film gets a user rating of 5.3 / 10. But there is a disproportionate number of voters who gave it 10/10, probably due to the message of the film - nuclear weapons the bane of humanity. Chuck Murdock is an all-star Little League pitcher who gives up baseball because of nuclear weapons. Soon, "Amazing Grace" Smith is an all-star Boston Celtic inspired by Chuck's story and giving up basketball. Soon, all sports leagues from professional level through college to high school to the small league disperse in a worldwide protest. Later, all the children of the world go into a sense of silence. This inspires the President of the United States to meet with the Soviet Prime Minister, who agrees in time to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next Little League season. The movie ends with Chuck about to throw out the first pitch. The president tells his new best friend, Chuck, not to worry about having to knock out any batter since he has not pitched a baseball for a year. <br /> <br / Somewhere along the line, a nefarious underworld boss kills Amazing Grace. When the president finds out, he is told that the FBI can check the murderer, but can never prove it. So the president calls the boss of the underworld ("But it's one." "I do not care, put him on the line") and tells him to step down from all the corporate boards he's sitting in and all the stocks will sell that he has. And not to get out of line again. <br /> <br /> Frankly, this movie was so crappy that I could not turn it off. It was on TV from 2:30 to 4:00 and I saw everything. I was not rejected by anti-nuclear propaganda. I was rejected by the implausible collapse of all organized sports. I do not even understand why "Amazing Grace" Smith was killed. And since all those famous athletes became Chuck's friends, the father was always upset that his son was taking a principled stance. And in the end there was the cliché moment when Papa Chuck said, "I never told you that, but I'm proud of you." Cue hug.
