Well, I'm probably going to be scolded by everyone on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structured films I've seen in a long time. We have a two and a half hour film that feels like three and a half because it has two films in one. The first film tells the story of a family that has to move home due to drought and hunger. You have to travel south to the cities to find food or work. Conveniently, they happen to find a bag of jewels and realize that the drought is over. Yes OK. With this knowledge, they return home with their wealth and everything is fine and wonderful again. <br /> <br /> Well, that takes about an hour and a half of the movie, and although it's unbelievably lifeless at this point, it has a nice bow. You'd think this would be a fantastic place to end the movie. The movie continues for another hour. And in that spare time, it takes a simple story about a family that grapples with the rigors of the world, making it a succinct melodrama about treachery and jealousy between lovers. Oh yes, and in old age, money is the root of all evil blah blah blah. Just because you know you're making an epic movie does not mean that your story can go on unnecessarily, as needed. The main idea that I would sum up to this movie is that the earth does this family good and keeps it together. So why spend an hour telling a story about a rich man falling in love with another woman, and why is the last moment in the movie dedicated to a woman who did not interest our main character throughout most of the movie? <br /> <br /> Oh wait and the movie is not the only thing that was written badly, the main character woman makes absolutely no sense. She complains very much that she was a slave and she never wants to have a slave and Yadda Yadda Yadda. Why is she willing to sell her only daughter into slavery? Even if they starve to death at the time of this idea, it still makes no sense to complain 20 minutes later in the movie that she no longer wants a slave. <br /> <br /> There are other films from the 1930s that should be respected. The only thing he has is cinematography. The land is beautifully shot, oh and the locust sequence is pretty impressive. Too bad that there was nothing to be said in a movie. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know that at this time Hollywood was mainly focused on stars and they thought that a good actor could portray everything. For most of the film, Paul Muni portrays an Asian man to the best of his ability, but once he has reached half the point at which the film goes on for nothing, he loses it and becomes the ordinary old Italian Paul, they even cut his hair he looks like Tony from Scarface (also a better movie than this one). Of all the main characters in the movie, I think maybe three are actually Asians, the rest are just Americans who are stupid. Oh and please, Mrs. Rainer, that was a really nice recording, not if I could rip the Oscar out, oh, I would. <br /> <br /> The Good Earth is an epic waste of time. If you want to see something talentful this evening, get The Grapes of Wrath, a movie that really deserves all the praise it gets. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
