... because they are both pretty bad. I think the best part of the movie is the horrible imperial image of Faye Dunaway on top of the stairs. She looks like she could easily step out of the picture, tearing someone into bloody pieces, and quietly re-entering the portrait as if nothing had happened. Well, you know that a movie is in trouble as part of the set furniture draws your attention. <br /> <br /> I'll admit I paid $ 30 for the DVD just to see Faye Dunaway in a contemporary horror movie. I know what you think - $ 30 in a gaping black hole. And you would be absolutely right. This movie is shit. There it is quite open. I expected real fear and I waited and waited and waited. Nobody came. The raven (probably a crow in make-up) did not scare me, small parts of internal organs did not scare me, and even Faye did not scare me. I'm not so brave, I know, so the movie itself must be the problem. Jennifer was not afraid too. Her internal organs literally fell apart and she seemed more than annoying. Her life ended quickly and she worries about getting more money. Honey, you can not take money wherever you go !!! "I need money," she says constantly, completely ignoring the fact that her lungs have collapsed and are no longer functioning. <br /> <br /> In the meantime I spent the whole damn movie and wondered what was going on with my grandmother (Faye). , At first I was suspicious, Faye played a grandmother and everything, and in the end I was still suspicious. There's another relative in the house that Jennifer and Mary Ellen, Hell's grandmother, have to share temporarily, and I suspect she's the same generation as her grandmother. Here's the weird part - the relative looks like she's just had her eight hundredth birthday. Mary Ellen looks like she just got a new face from a reputed surgeon. Face lifts can not work miracles, but I think Faye's looks are important to the rice paper story. SPOILER!!! It seems that the family is plagued by a disease that affects bad behavior ... Sorry, my little joke. Seriously, there are all the diseases that cause their organs to fail and eventually disintegrate. Yuck, right? Interestingly, Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact. How could she avoid the family curse? Obviously, something is going on with her. <br /> <br /> Another reason to mourn the loss of my thirty dollars - this movie shows one of my all-time movies. I refer to the double end. This movie ends twice. I absolutely hate it when that happens, and in this movie it feels like the director has turned the end, he did not like it and forgot to remove it while editing. I think it should be scary, but it's only if you're a film editor. <br /> <br /> However, this debacle has an advantage and that is one of the reasons why I bought the DVD. The "Filmmaker" commentary shows Faye Dunaway, and I wanted to see how she acted when she had no lines to recite. You know, the movie was so bad that I could not stand it anymore. Drat.
