Jennifer Shadow plays in Argentina. Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) arrives there after the death of her sister Johanna. Jennifer is leaving the big house of Johanna in her will, Jennifer decides to sell the house and return to Los Angeles, although her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) is opposed to the sale. Although strange things happen, Jennifer starts getting nightmares because Ravens picks her up and she starts to feel very ill. After a hospital examination, it seems that one of her kidneys mysteriously disappeared. What happens to Jennifer? Is it an ancient family curse? Will Jennifer be the next to fail ... <br /> <br /> This Argentine-American co-production was co-written by Daniel de la Vega & Pablo Parés and had odd minutes, a boring and predictable modern ghost story of mine assuming she lets more people sleep earlier than scare them. The script by Vega, Parés & P. ​​J. Pettiette is pretty slow and boring, which not everybody wants. I'm sure most people do not want to sit down and get bored out of their skulls. The characters are all uninteresting and fairly faceless with little or no motivation for everything they do. Who, for example, is the cemetery coach? How did he know about the demons? What is his interest and his motivation to get involved? I could not see it Jennifer herself is a rather unlikely and boring lead actress, her grandmother Mary Allen is as cliché as they come and it's surprising that she's so obviously the bad guy. I mean, it's surprisingly predictable and routine for this kind of mysterious horror / ghost story. There are gaps in both logic and history that, along with the terrible twist that is not just a twist I did not like to like Jennifer Shadow One iota, I used the path, almost the entire color of the picture bleaching, which often does not make it too far away from black and white. I suspect they wanted to give it a gothic feeling, but it has been done so many times and often so much better. It has not done much for me and just makes the whole movie boring and lifeless. There's also a certain 40s look, from the costumes to the interior of the big house, but it's rather half-hearted and cheap. Jennifer Shadow is well done, but it's pretty much forgotten, it's not scary or scary and quite predictable. If that's not enough, there's no thrill. There are a few scenes where Ravens picks people and a beating heart, but nothing else The Raven for its US and international DVD release is reasonably well done, but a million will not buy you too much nowadays. Jennifer Shadow proves this theory pretty much. There are also too many scenes in which actors speak with thick Argentine accents, though it may be realistic, I really like to understand what people are saying. Acting is okay, although Dunaway is not overdoing it and obviously is there for the money. <br /> <br /> Jennifer Shadow is a horrible Ghost movie that I thought was totally boring from beginning to end. Creatures that have stopped living and become mixed zombies !!? (1964) instead again. A total waste of time.
