This is by far the most disappointing, least satisfying film of the whole so-called blacksploitation genre, which by the way are films that we usually enjoy very much at home. Instead of being "exploitation" or humiliation, these films actually provide an invaluable insight into an era. Well, not Bucktown. In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to run the nightclub of his recently deceased brother. He learns quickly that the city is completely controlled by a corrupt police and bleed all local shops with protection money. Duke resists, noting that he will save the city from the corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does so by calling a group of his friends (vaguely referred to as former ex-militants who have worked with Duke on Jobs in the past) and murdering the entire police force in cold blood. And literally in front of hundreds of witnesses who do not do anything about it. Ignorance is no justification for murder, and it would have been much fun if the cracker police were suffering from their actions instead of just being beaten in the street. While revenge is a ubiquitous and generally satisfying theme in films of this genre, it is far from seeing Pam Grier find the thugs leaving their families, cursing them, kicking their jujitsu ass, and kicking them set fire to fire. This has art (and a reason for passing) and deserves a respect that is totally undeserved if someone is simply shot in the back. Of course, in this bizarre story, she plays a woman completely under the thumb of the man who is afraid of the crackers who run their city and oppress their people. In fact, her advice to Duke is, "Run, man, they'll kill you!" After the pathetic and unintentional violence, the mayor of the city is expected to condone the deeds of Duke and with all his heart his friends congratulated them and threatened to throw off a parade in their honor, as opposed to demanding the prosecutor to make capital assassinations against them raise and detain her. Duke Posse rejects the parade and decides instead to fill the numerous job offers of the police, which were created by their latest series of murders. They turn out to be even more corrupt than their Cracker Police predecessors (to quote the mayor: "They are ten times worse than what we had before!"). Now, Duke finds he must once again rescue the citizens of Bucktown from corrupt law enforcement officials to allow the decent to run a safe business on the streets. Unfortunately, Duke has already lost all moral highs and sympathies due to a hero, as he was willing to participate in the murder of the original police. I would not have cared for one way or another if he had saved Bucktown or clogged himself up here. I suppose we'll be entertained by the skilful way Duke outwits the new Police Goons, but in reality, the film has just become an opera of unfounded violence, and Herzog murders all his former friends and allies in cold blood with the same Without Compassion, he had shot down the Cracker Police. Duke is a pig. <br /> <br /> When everyone in town except Duke, Aretha and the staff of the local brothel are dead and bleeding on the street, our hero and heroine go into the night even though they had some admirable qualities or saving values; they do not do it Duke is just a murderous thug and Aretha is his capable misogynist. If you are interested in this film genre, I definitely recommend it, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby. However, if you come across this DVD, throw it as far away as you can! Let it fall as if it were hot! It should be treated as treating a glowing puddle of nuclear waste! There is not a single film in the entire blacksploitation era that is not dramatically more entertaining, satisfying, and populated with more likable and admirable characters than this piece of phlegm, apparently written by some hormonally unbalanced secondary school students.
