The night of the comet begins as the world prepares for a unique event, a comet over 65 million years old. Instead of watching the light show, Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to spend the night in his cabin with the movie projector Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) ... They wake up the next morning and Larry tries to leave the cinema he attacked. Killed by a zombie, the same zombie attacks Regina, but she manages to escape when she discovers that almost everyone on the planet has been turned into red dust. Almost everyone, because by chance chance the only other survivor is their sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney), they desperately look for more survivors and meet a truck driver named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). In the meantime, a nasty bunch of scientists need human blood to develop serum to protect themselves from dust, and they are looking for reluctant donors ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Thom Eberhardt, I've found out Night of the Comet is a pretty stupid sight. I'm surprised at the many positive comments on IMDb because I just thought it was boring crap that never fulfilled its potential. The script begins 100 miles an hour with the extinction of the entire earth population and a zombie attack, but then it goes absolutely nowhere and eventually introduces the sinister bloody scientists who are stolen towards the end of the film, because at that time has the slender History it's running. There are also storylines, if these scientists want blood, why they shoot the three or four gang members and rescue the two sisters, if the boys had provided more blood for their experiments, and that they were killed, seemed completely bizarre and almost suicidal Given that they need blood to develop a cure, it just does not make sense to die and you have to experiment with human blood instead of having five or six donors delivering blood or just two. I do not have the fact that the two sisters have survived independently. I mean, what are the chances? When Hector confronts the scientist for the first time, she never mentions Samantha, or where she was, or where the subterranean facility where she brought Regina before she committed suicide. How did Hector know these things? I thought after the first twenty minutes, too, that the movie slowed to a snail's pace and became incredibly boring and boring after hearing so much good from it. Night of the Comet seems like nothing more than an overrated boring piece. Director Eberhardt does a really good job, I liked the look of the movie with its red toned sky and he manages to create a really cool isolation atmosphere to accomplish. Unfortunately, there are far too many shots of empty streets, there are always montages of empty streets, deserted streets and abandoned buildings & it gets extremely repetitive and boring. OK, we understood that there is nobody else who is constantly beating our necks by constantly showing roads without cars. The zombies are totally wasted, there are two zombie attacks throughout the movie. These are also two individual zombies, though there are some powerful nightmare scenes. Night of the Comet is a tribute or rip-off, depending on what you prefer, several other, much better films, including the compulsory end of global shopping in a shopping mall upscale by Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget about any blood or blood, because there is none. Technically, the night of the comet is pretty good, the special effects are decent enough and the production crew was obviously very good at closing the roads. The acting was fine for Maroney, as Samantha, the airy blonde who became very irritating. The night of the comet was a big disappointment for me, I had hoped for so much more. Persoanlly thought I found this movie boring, boring, uneventful, and the nauseating sequence in which the sisters go shopping for "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" is probably the worst moment in the movie. Really bad and I just do not understand why so many people like it. I'm sure I'll be slaughtered for saying it, so let the abuse begin, I can take it ...
