I think a round of applause is alright, whoever put together the trailer for Rogue Pictures' latest release, The Return. Myself and everyone else was deceived that it is indeed a horror movie. On the contrary, it's actually a supernatural thriller. Too bad that it is not the least exciting. <br /> <br /> Sarah Michelle Gellar is referred to by "The Return" as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since she was eleven years old. At this age, she began to pursue visions of murdering a woman she had never met. During a business trip in Texas, she is led by these visions to the hometown of La Salle the Murdered Woman. There she faces another person who often appears in her visions. A man named Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is desperately looking for answers. A search that could ultimately lead to their own murder. <br /> <br /> I really do not know where to start here. What do I have to mention first? The cruel drama, the heinous director or the terribly boring story? No matter which one I choose my point behind everyone, it is the same: you just suck. Adam Sussman's screenplay is downright idiotic. It is not interesting. It is not mandatory. It's just uncomfortable. I have always been waiting for something to advance the "movie" (I've quoted the movie because I do not think "The Return" is considered a real movie because of its ruin.) And give it at least a small chance Hope, but nothing has ever happened. I was left to freeze in an unbearable cold. Not even outstanding performances by the actors could have saved this catastrophe. Of course, they probably knew that they had read the script and agreed to do the film. I suppose that's why the spectacle was so terrible. At least I choose to believe it. I really hope that the performers are not proud of their performances. They need immediate medical attention when they do. <br /> <br /> Now the direction was obviously bad, but I can not quite crucify Asif Kapadia. (Well, I could, but I will not do it because I'm such a nice guy.) I consider 'The Return' as a test for Kapadia, because for those who do not, this is his first appearance feature. " Movie". He's just in the door with his foot and is still learning. Next time, next time, hopefully he will have improved a lot. The only thing he could achieve here was that he almost completely copied the visual style of Marcus Nispel's remake of 'The Texas Chainsaw Massacre' (2003). Well, that's nice that the "film" has done that, but unfortunately he still does not get any praise from me. Copying a strange work is not praiseworthy for me. (Even though this is a movie that I really enjoyed.) <br /> <br /> I think Jim Sonzero's American remake of "Pulse" will now have to be titled "Worst Movie of the Year" The return'. There is no question that the title is earned in almost every possible way. Well, I do not doubt that this will make a small profit, and I mean, very little, profit. No matter what, it will not surpass the fleeting success of Gellar's previous acting performance, The Grudge. In this context, I would like to add something else. I can honestly say that I was never embarrassed to have left a theater until he saw "The Return". This is something I never want to experience again, along with the "movie".
