This makes the third Errol Morris movie I've seen, and I like his style less and less. He seems to find very interesting and varied characters, great personalities for whom documentary films can be made, and then make fun of what they're all about with the wink of an eye. It's never a direct caricature of them, and Morris seems to say most of the time, "But no, no, these people are really fascinating, really!" Techniques that show that Morris seems to mock her behind her back. <br /> <br /> In this film, four people are persecuted, breaking through the traditional boundaries of organic separation. A man examining African hairless molerats to find out they are amazingly ants, a lion tamer, a man holding a garden full of animal-shaped bushes, and a robot designer. The general theme of the film seems to focus on the question of what characterizes animals, humans and lives. The title "Fast", "Cheap" and "Out of Control" does not seem to mean anything to the movie ... right? Apart from that, Morris, of course, seems a little disturbed by the passions of these individuals (he might call them "obsessions"), who make life synthetic. I do not share that fear and honestly do not appreciate what connections Morris makes in the movie. <br /> <br /> But I emphasize its subtlety. Without a spoken narrative and without leaving the words to the interviewees alone, it is not as if Morris is putting this fear on the collective mind of the audience. Instead, he often mixes up circus and ant footage when taken out of the context of circus and ants, and shows some sort of collective absurdity behind what all these people are talking about. I do not find them absurd, I think they are all very neat and interesting. Unless, of course, he did not intend such juxtapositions, which means he's just a bad handyman instead of a silence Subverter Since none of those films I've seen so far has really impressed me, it is I do not really care to find out what he's trying to do. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
