A hard-to-find film that fights on the still-widespread mythology of Senator Joe McCarthy as a political demon king. Boyle (as Joe) gives a convincing, but historically inaccurate, account of the Wisconsin senator, the cartoon McCarthy holds for many. Meredith, as the army's clever lawyer, Joseph Welch, who outwitted McCarthy at the Army hearings in 1954, is, as always, very good. <br /> <br /> In fact, McCarthy and Cohn were rightly concerned about the appalling security situation in the army, and the 1954 Army hearings were entangled in the smoke screen used by the army to avert investigations of their security flaws. who investigated the committee by pointing out that McCarthy and Cohn were trying to please their employees, David Schine, while on duty. <br /> <br /> The film is a self-satisfied polemic based on the ubiquitous myths that for many people have been believed to be true for decades - the "Red Fear." Essentially, Phony and McCarthy, HUAC, etc. have always been the wrong goals. They were nothing more than lies and career-ruining commercial dogs that trampled on the constitutional rights of stunned innocent liberals and who were indicted as security risks / com. <br /> <br /> People who know little about the matter still believe they are repeating false information about McCarthy and the "red fear" to this day - Clooney's Murrow hagiography is an example. The disinformation is omnipresent, no wonder people have swallowed it. An Obit recently published by Budd Schulberg in the left-leaning British newspaper The Guardian has claimed that the Hollywood writer named McCarthy's name - and punished McCarthy Hollywood for being the head of HUAC - was the truth McCarthy was never a member of the HUAC and had little interest in the politics of the Hollywood guys - his investigations were almost exclusively limited to the arms of the US government. The myth that the "red fear" is groundless By recently opened documents of the Soviet Union and the US government, the explosion has now completely exploded, if McCarthy and Co underestimated the sheer size of the invaders of Soviet and fellow travelers in the US, but decades of public Some misinformation about this period will be hard to correct <br /> One day perhaps a truly brave Hollywood soul in a movie will tell the truth about how many American men and women secretly supported and worked on the mass murderer Stalin, his evil System of Governors to enforce In the Western world, perhaps a precise description of Joe McCarthy's career - but I will not hold my breath. Until then we have this mythical, drunken recumbent rogue of popular imagination so familiar in the media ... "Tail Gunner Joe".
