Not only the author of the film, Steven Greenstreet, obviously puts Michael Moore in the foreground, but he also follows in his footsteps using several of Moore's propaganda tactics. However, Moore has experience distracting the viewer from this focus, while Greenstreet is obviously less skilled here. <br /> <br /> After getting to know all the issues surrounding Moore's speech at the UVSC, I was disappointed that the major saw her complaining to the community - that Moore was paid $ 40,000 from the state of Utah's education funds, Promoting John Kerry's campaign and promoting his own liberal film - Greenstreet faded into the background while raising awareness of fewer issues. </ br> <br /> The marketing methods for this video were equally biased and offensive. Promote the film by claiming that "Mormon's tried to kill Moore." Not only is this absurd, it also slanders an important religion that Greenstreet obviously has some personal problems with. I followed Moore's visit very closely, and all the major news agencies found that Moore's visit came and went with no credible security issues or incidents in Utah. Greenstreet has put on this film to start his movie film career so far that he even quit the film school to speed this up. However, this seems to have been a grave miscalculation, as Moore's visits to around 60 other colleges and universities across the country in 2004 weakened interest in this more ordinary event. The assumption of Greenstreet that the American public would be interested in this film because of the promoted religious and conservative orientation does not seem to be well founded. <br /> <br /> Even the name of the film, This Divided State, is a bit of a misunderstanding, as Utah overwhelmingly voted for Bush's re-election and thus appears more politically united than any other state. The subdivision in the film title seems to hinder the gap that exists in Greenstreets ideological differences with its religion and state. If anything, I find a humorous connection between the religious perspective of this alleged documentary and Woody Allen's hilarious assertion in Sleeper (1973): "I was beaten up by the Quakers."
