When evaluating documentary films that focus on a relatively small group of Ugly ultra-right and conservative groups like these in the US, you need to consider the following. The United States of America, with its 270 million inhabitants and its complex history as an emerging democracy and its hopes and aspirations to uphold human rights to its mistakes and drawbacks. It is expected, of course, that right-wing extremist groups and ultra-conservative groups exist in considerable numbers but are very small and isolated in relation to population size. On a per capita basis, there are similar right-wing groups in Europe, the United Kingdom and even Australia. On a per capita basis, the actual size of neo-nazi groups in Australia is actually higher than in the United States of America. For the reasons given above, it is unjustifiable to humiliate and vilify the American people and their level of discussion in the Educated American Society by presenting this ultra-right wing of the psychopaths very fraudulently and deceptively as representatives of the American Society. In this way, Greenstreet purposely chose small and isolated groups at opposite ends of the spectrum to construct a picture of America that is a hideous and deliberately sensational lie. This film is clearly designed to inflame and unleash the views of people who harbor this subconscious and pathological hatred of the American people and their way of life under the guise of a stylistic and clichéd left-wing ideology of cliché. This film was made for profit, not to promote the truth about American society and human condition. Greenstreet can produce documentary films that focus on right-wing conspiracies, the complex of the military industry, but it fails miserably to present an intelligent and balanced factual debate, let alone alternative solutions to the failure of a vibrant democracy. The film show is unmasked by their support for this garbage as an anti-American. SENSATIONALISM shameful at its worst anti-US garbage.
