In all my years of filming, I only went to a movie once, and that was the terrible "Stay Tuned". Fortunately, the cinema refunded the ticket and I instead saw "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (a small improvement). This movie is "Gone With the Wind" compared to "Dick," a comedy so insatiable that it almost became the second movie I've ever gone from. "Dick" was so insatiable that it was impossible to laugh at it, let alone laugh with it. <br /> <br /> Granted, watching a movie with a title like "Dick" indicates that the movie will be filled. Inane "Dick" jokes and makes a big flop, and yet I had high hopes for it the notable cast (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc.) and a premise that promised at least something fresh. What the film provided was, as hinted at, four terribly predictable "jokes", a weird timing that suffered from jet lag, and a premise that got thin after the first five minutes. In short, it was the Watergate scene from "Forrest Gump," which stretched to over 90+ torturous minutes - no, put on a rack and maimed -. Once you understand that the two main characters - airless, dull squeaks that gasp forcibly and roll their eyeballs - participate in every major Watergate event, you begin to mentally shut off the action as you progress: 18 and a half minutes deleted from the Nixon tapes, CHECK; the Deep Throat Meetings with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean gets a change of heart and testifies, CHECK. The process is slower and about as captivating as the real Watergate affair with about as much laughter. And though it's an amusing rededication of the events leading to the resignation of President Nixon, it does not do much in terms of paint-by-the-numbers, one's own adventure, one competing comedy, and even less. <br /> <br /> Even the film's strength - the aforementioned cast - is confusingly unproductive. The most disappointing of all is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy. When he is behind the thick liddy mustache and has a compulsory coat in this deadly sullen script, Shearer mumbles a few lines, desperately trying to get out from behind the prosthetic nose and eyebrows, then disappears. Dave Foley, one of Kids in the Hall's comic masterminds (two more, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney, who also appear in this movie - oh, the blessing of nepotism), is also bad. His H.R. Haldeman occasionally helps to brighten the funeral plans, but the funniest thing about him is the buzz-cut he's wearing-perhaps the funniest movie of all. And then there's Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon - oops, I mean "Dick". (Ha ha how weird.) He manages to play a solid Nixon by avoiding the pitfalls (such as exaggerated make-up, gummy nose, and false teeth a la Anthony Hopkins) while he sifts the essence (the swings between human tenderness and rudeness ). I seem to forget someone. , , oh yes, the two stars of the movie, these bubbly teenagers. I can not remember their names, maybe because I suppressed their performances. Nothing could be further from funny; Nothing could be more painful than having to endure their satisfaction, which flooded the spectrum of "hyperactive" and "super-hyperactive" with an occasional "pout". <br /> <br /> This movie seemed like a bad excuse to put together a '70s soundtrack and parry outrageous garments that nowadays seem to be the norm for "Me Decade" movies and TV shows. But the clothes and the music are a substitute for real characterization and action, a kind of shorthand for extra actions the producers hope will compensate for the anemic writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible use for this film years later, when one of his talented performers appears with David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This terrible cinematic cast will embarrass and hopefully humiliate the stunned guest star. The sad part is that the real bad guys in all of this - the writers and producers - will be far from the cameras' eyes and may cause another disaster like this. <br /> <br />
