When I saw the preview of this movie for the first time, I could not wait to see it. The plot seemed to be good and the environment was great. I mean, a Slasher movie that takes place in the evening, a great idea !! And the plot: A high school teacher who becomes sexually obsessed with one of his students, goes crazy, gets arrested and escapes three years later on prom night! Prom Night, a night to be happy and memorable becomes hell !! However, I saw it and was extremely disappointed. Not only was it the worst "horror movie" I've ever seen, it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen !! At first it was not even scary. There was no moment in this movie when I jumped out of my seat. Besides, the murder scenes were so cheesy and boring. All the Slasher did was to stab his victims several times in the abdomen or cut their throats. Also, there was absolutely no gusset (the PG-13). The scene with the most blood was probably the scene where the killer murders the black girl. He slits her throat and blood splatters on the sheets hanging around her (they do not show that he's cutting his throat). Next, you will see the killers when first introduced to the movie. He is not mysterious, creepy or scary. He is just this guy who kills people. <br /> <br /> Also everything in the movie was a cliché. An example is when the killer finally wants to kill the main character and at the last moment the detective shoots and kills him. Besides, everything in this movie was so predictable. After the victim has seen the man with a knife, he runs for her life, hides, believes she would get away, and then the killer just comes out and kills her. <br /> <br /> Finally, the sequence of the movie was extremely bad. The guy goes to the hotel, kills a few people, the bodies are discovered, someone triggers the fire alarm and everyone evacuates. The main character forgets something in her room, has an encounter with the murderer, runs and flees. That's it! She and her friend go home, the Slasher kills the guards patrolling the house, finds the girl, and then gets killed by the detective. The film sequence was so stupid and clichéd. <br /> <br /> If you remember seeing this movie all because the preview looked good, trust me, do not waste your time or money. No wonder this movie was shown in the smallest theater in the cinema. My friend and I were the only ones in the theater along with these two girls sitting in the back. That should have told me something about the movie before.
