The Little Mermaid is one of my absolute favorite movies from Disney. I'm sorry to say that Disney got completely confused when they did this sequel. I admit that it has some good points. The songs are not bad and the animation is clean and clear. I am sure there is some humor. I do not remember, because after I saw it, I immediately banished it from my eyes. The worst point in this movie is the plot. In this film, Ariel becomes her father. She forbids her daughter to go near the sea (yes, out of fear) just as she was forbidden to go near the country. Personally, I believe Ariel, in the light of her past, kept some of her wayward ways and did not treat her daughter as if she herself had been treated. Besides this fact, Ursula was replaced by a not scary, pathetic one kind of sea witch (the underfed, forgotten sister), which is weirder than weird. She also has too little for her commandments - but she is no scary or worse than Ursula. Ursula spoiled us with her credibility for wickedness. This sea witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, Flounder is a fat, deep-voiced dad (not the cute guppy we all know and love), and Eric's voice is not even made by the same actor ( something that always annoys me in a remake / sequel). (Incidentally, his vocal difference was very obvious to me!) I had the feeling the only reason this movie was made was that Disney could make a few bucks, something I do not like to think about a company that really does Is funny. I felt that this action lacked imagination. I know that this action (child following in the footsteps of a parent) happens, but Ariel was different. That was what we loved about her so much. She had a dream, she fell in love and she made that dream come true. Until she appeared in this movie. Then she became just like the other adults. This is not the Ariel I know. And I do not like her. <br /> <br /> I know some kids who enjoyed this movie and I know some adults who did not mind. But for me and for all those who love Ariel the most, please do not watch this movie. The well-known Ariel dies only for one or two songs and a final scene, which is actually not that bad (where she accepts the water again) - although she is very little involved in the end.
