I loved the first little mermaid. I know the songs, I love the characters and I love the story. I can not say that about The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The plot was a reverse copy of the first movie. Same situations, but vice versa! Ariel wanted to live on land, her daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was tricked by Ursula, Melody by Ursula's sister Morgana. Ursula had a sister? Not sure where that came from. Apart from being a strange copy of the first movie, the movie act was tired and uninteresting compared to the first movie. Now the characters: 1. Ariel- What happened to her ?? !! No longer the spunky, headstrong teen we all knew and loved from the first movie, she's now "grown up" and her personality has gone down the drain. Her singing voice was not that strong because either Jodi Benson was much older or the songs were so horrible that her talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric: While he did not have as much personality as any Disney prince in the first movie, his new voice and his few lines somehow made him even more robust. To top it off, he just does not seem to defend himself, and Ariel becomes the hard of the two. 3. Sebastian - Say goodbye to the lovable crustacean from the first movie, because a weeping, annoying crab has just taken its place. He also did not have any good songs in this movie. You can almost forget the fame he has gained with the incredible "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" from the first movie, and he is very sad. 4. Flounder - you destroyed it !! He is no longer sweet, his voice is terrible and he has children now? Who is the mother ??? 5. Morgana She seems to be Ursula's sister, who wants to take revenge on her mother, who always chose Ursula over her. She plans to make King Triton's trident the new ruler of the sea. Sounds familiar? Anyway, she is a very clichéd villain and missed Ursula's greatness as a villain. In witchcraft she fails epic, she is not very tough and not threatening at all. 6. Melody-Ariel and Eric's daughter. Ironic name, because unlike Ariel, she can not sing. Her voice is annoying, her friends (a walrus and a penguin, really ?!) are not funny or likable, and she's just like Ariel, the other way around and not so nice. Skip this. Do not watch a Disney sequel other than Lion King 2. This movie slaughtered the classic that lives in all our pleasant memories. I will look back on this movie and just laugh.
