Okay, as a longtime Disney fan, I really have -had-to-be-direct-to-video-Disney sequels. Walt HIMSELF did not believe in her. He believed that "AND YOU LIVE HAPPELY IF YOU LIVE EVERYONE" is the end of it. But this ... really ticked the taco. There were so many rip-offs from other Disney movies that it was not funny. Short summary, if you do not know yet ...: Melody, the daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric, was born. Ursula's sister Morganna (who basically looks like Ursula coloring up green and continuing the Ally Macbeal hunger diet) appears, and after trying to put the newborn Tyke in and failing, she prophesies the fall for the characters , After this ordeal Ariel decays like her father and refuses to tell Melody about her mermaid heritage and later forbids her to go near the sea. Well, surprise. Melody finds out that she is the stubborn brat she is and runs away to become a mermaid with Morgana to trade. (Geehr, does that sound familiar?) She becomes one, but in her half of the trade she has to retrieve her grandfather's trident and bring him back to the Sea Witch. While she does that, she encounters some outcast animals, a penguin, and a walrus named Timon and Pumb-huh? wait, no! this is not Timon and Pumbaa! or is it? Could be fooling me. Anyway, I'd like to reveal more, but pretty much anything that you could suspect. OK so ... long story short. This movie "borrows" too much of other (better) Disney movies ... and makes it terrible. Come on ... Tip and Dash? Why not just expose Dash and make it even more obvious? Pooh. Not to mention the total character slaughter of Ariel's Persona. She has evolved from a permissive, wayward woman to a clone of her father. Not good at all ... they basically tell us the sweet, fiery little mermaid that we know grows and love is dead. Plus Melody herself is not such a great character either ... she's damn annoying! And brutal! Not to mention what they did with flounder. Um ... anyway, if you decide to watch this piece - mainly for profit - no fancy stuff sponsored by Eisner, I suggest maybe waiting for the Disney Channel or another TV station. Because it's not even worth the price of a rental. <br /> <br /> * of ***** stars.
