I suppose it was for Temple Matthews who essentially wrote a remake, though there are only a few changes that make it even worse. SPOILERS: It's very similar to the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter, is threatened by Ursula's sister Morgana. Morgana escapes but keeps her promise to take Melody away from them. Did Ursula have a sister ?! And she's not as big a villain as Ursula. Here is similarity. Medoly is kept away from the ocean until Morgana is captured, but she does not know about it because everything happened when she was a baby. A wall surrounds the palace to keep it in and Morgana outside. She goes under the wall every day to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not as funny or funny as the original. She finds a shell with her name on it, runs away from home, looks for answers and finds Morgana. Here is a similarity; Morgana cheats Melody and makes her happy by turning herself into a mermaid here. In the meantime, Eric, Melody and King Triton are looking for her. To remain a mermaid, she must steal Triton's trident. Melody, because she does not know that King Triton is her father. She makes friends with a penguin and a walrus and here it is awful. The penguins who live with them in an icy ocean hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove that they are heroes and fail. That does not fit with the little mermaid. And the dialogue during these conversations between the penguins and these two characters is ear bleeding. you know why? Because the first one had a great story. This is not and is not magic. It's just one example of how bad many sequels are. Melody finds her and they help her bring her to Atlantica to prove herself. As they take the trident, Ariel finds Melody with Morgana. Melody is angry with her mother for keeping her away from the sea. Then she gives Morgana the trident. Then she shows her true colors as soon as she has grabbed him. Poor Ariel and Melody are in their care. The penguin and the walrus prove themselves fighting against Morgana's shark friend. Sorry, I did not mention it before. They finally prove themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive but, thanks to the power of the trident, they have to bow to Morgana. Melody takes it, throws it to Triton and eats Morgana (literally). Then Ariel apologizes to Melody and says it's all her fault. It was not! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never say that. Triton offers Melody to live in the sea or in the countryside. She actually has a "better idea". She uses the trident to vaporize the wall so people and Mer-folk can be together. Then everyone sings a terrible song. THE END. <br /> <br /> Anyone who has seen it and likes it has obviously not seen the original. I do not like that because I'm a teenager. I liked it when I was very little. As I got older, I started to understand what's wrong with this movie. Young, young children will enjoy it, but it is likely that they will forget it in elementary school. Normally I would think that I overvalued a movie, and it was better than I remember when I saw it again, but not this one. It is even worse. Story is no exception. If you thought the story was good, read more of that comment, and you'll know the other drawbacks: Well, you know the story now. I'm sorry that I spoiled it for you, but I had to show some bad points. One of the worst things is the animation. Color is terrible. The original had a nice color. When I saw that, I almost wanted to be blind. Even the illustrations and the landscaping were not good. The original had a beautiful, magical color scheme and a beautiful underwater landscape and land, which makes it a pleasure to see it. <br /> <br /> The music is unbearable. Compared to the first, the music here is crap. Songs are not so well composed and Tara Strong (I think that's her name) did not sing Melody. She either sang too high or did not keep an eye on the melody in the song. So much for "Melody" as a name. And the music is not beautiful or moving at all. Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for that and it really deserves it. This specimen has earned a Razzie Award for the worst score in a sequel, if that would be. <br /> <br /> I did not like the votes. Several people who played characters from the beginning did the same thing. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now that she's older, you do not mind, her voice is too deep and not so beautiful anymore. And I'm really disappointed with her and others who were the first to get involved. If I was selected for this movie, just by reading the script, I can say that it would be a bad movie. The characters are different now. Ariel is smarter now, but annoying. They exceeded their character and made them too mature. In continuations, you are not meant to change the characters unless there is a particular reason. She was sixteen in the first. There is little chance that it will change. At this stage, you become the person you will be for the rest of your life. Scriptwriters should remember. You should think about the character. <br /> <br /> Well, I think that's it for me. I hope you find my comment useful, because I'm sure many of you will agree with my point of view.
