This movie makes me surrender whenever I see him. If you take the first movie and reverse the plot (Ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then the sullen animation and the biggest suction factor, possible you get the little mermaid 2. It's basically a copy of the first movie with a reverse representation. I will guide you step by step through the horror. These are the people from the first movie: First, Prince Eric is still Prince Eric with about 3 lines in the entire movie. Ariel is nervous, annoying and not the carefree, headstrong mind that we saw in the 1st. It is exactly the opposite. Sebastian is still less sweet, less convincing than stressed, and the jokes are just not funny anymore. Flounder has about 2 lines. He has children now and he speaks with a stupid nose voice. Scuttle is still stupid, just not funny. King Triton's character is probably the best, he still has the intimidation and love for his daughter Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric do not seem to care about their daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, they only used the characters of the first movie and copied them. That's what they did: Ursula: The new evil villain is Morgana, Ursula's sister who, as always, lives in Ursula's shadow. I would not be afraid of her if she showed up with a knife at my door. She can not do anything right and as a villain is a failure. She has the same voice Ursula made. Sebastian & Flounder - Have been replaced by the probably dumbest buddies Tip & Dash, a walrus and a penguin. They try to be heroes, but always fail when they try. The plot is so predictable. In the end, they become heroes. Yawning. Flatson & Jetsom - Now replaced by a shark 10 times smaller with Triton. He is really bad too. Morgana and the shark (Sharkbait, I think his name was) have no chemistry, neither good nor bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our beautiful mermaid was replaced by her unwelcome daughter tune. Melody can not sing, her voice is about two octaves higher than she should be, and you want to slap her face because she's so sweetly sweet. She wants to go to the sea, she is awkward and the kids make fun of her, she has to look for herself. yawning. <br /> <br /> The film is not only boring and unoriginal, but also so simple, if you look at this movie, you will be amazed how bad it is. Certain parts of the movie make you want to call Disney and ask why such a horrible movie was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original. Basically, the comparison of the Little Mermaid 2 with the Little Mermaid like Compare and Ed Wood movie is Casablanca. Never look at it, not even when you are bored.
