Okay ... so I've seen a lot of weird / unusual movies in my time. Fear and disgust in Las Vegas comes to mind when I think about it. Well, not anymore ... from here, whenever someone asks me, "Hey, what's the most unusual movie you've ever seen?" Slipstream is what I will say! And I do not mean "unusual" in a good way. <br /> <br /> From the beginning it was obvious that this would be one of those "trippy camera effect" movies. By that I mean little things like flashing pictures on the screen, rewinding and fast-phrasing words and scenes of people, cluttering the color on the screen, flashing forwards and blinking flashes all the time ... then It's the actual action itself. People become arbitrarily violent, shoot things / people, say the strangest things that just do not make much sense, if it makes any sense at all. The film is about a writer who starts writing with the book in which he mixes real life, and for lack of a better way to explain it, you essentially see this "journey" that he goes through throughout the film. The thing is, Johnny Depp did a similar trip in Las Vegas with Fear and Loathing, but the only difference is that his trip was entertaining and not painful! Honestly, I had a hard time even ending Slipstream. It hurt my brain a bit. <br /> <br /> I can see that some movie freaks claim that this film has certain cinematic nuances that not only make it unique but also enhance the feeling of dementia ... bla, bla, bla. The point is, this movie hurts your brain when you look at it ... it makes very little sense, it requires all your concentration to even try and understand from afar what's going on, and in the end, that's the only thing What you can be I'm glad that it's over ... and you can say that you actually sat down! So if you want to watch a movie in which you say loud and in your head over and over again "what the hell", go lose for an hour and 30 minutes and look at that. <BR /> <br /> Mr Hopkins, while applauding you as an actor and praising your choice to make a directorial sting ... please, never make a movie like this again. Next time, try something more based on great storytelling than on camera techniques that give the viewer a headache.
