.... rip off a dozen better movies. Especially Steven Martin's "LA Story", which at least had the grace to be fictional, even though she played his former girlfriend, who played his girlfriend in the movie. Yes, naive boys and girls, "20 Dates" is a mockumentary, although I am not completely sure that Myles Berkowitz was the intention when he started. My impression is that he took the project half seriously and then quickly realized that it is pathetic and not funny if he does not make the situation more and more ridiculous. As a result, the whole thing has a restless, cheap and disingenuous feeling. <br /> <br /> As someone wisely points out, the film has two of the "dates" that sue Myles and make restraining orders appear in the film, which would be impossible, as it requires a consent form. It also seems to me that the majority of women who appear as "dates" are professional actresses (with the exception of Tina Carrere not famous) - they are just too obviously pretty, sleek, thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be average civilians. <br /> <br /> Mr. Berkowitz makes a classic mistake of filling only this kind of pretty thin actress, rather than employing a multitude of credible women, which might have made the premise more believable and fun (even in a mockumentary). He also skates about what's likely to be his problem in the real world, and that both the movie character and the real world, Myles Berkowitz, seem functionally unemployed (his real IMDb credits are virtually non-existent except for this film) , Even in the world of the film, his ex-wife divorced him because he was never employed. I think the viewer (not to mention Mr. Berkowitz's real dates) deserves a statement that he manages to live in one of the US's most expensive urban settings, in a luxury apartment, with a fancy car and expensive dining restaurants if he has not seen any source of income. (Is he a drug dealer? Living from his wealthy parents? No idea!) <br /> <br /> You can get away with almost anything in a movie if the jokes are really funny. "20 Dates" is painful, embarrassing UN-funny. Mr. Berkowitz's idea of ​​a joke is to have his character as he tells his companions at restaurant appointments that the food is likely to be either diarrhea or constipation - the worst kind of childish potty humor. <br /> <It's not very surprising to discover that Berkowitz has never made a film before "20 Dates" and has not made a single film in the last 8 years when an actor appeared in another film OR wrote Production My gut feeling tells me that this movie is not funded by "Elie" (the gangster money man who seems out of the camera), but rather by the wealthy parents of Mr. Berkowitz, or perhaps a shocking misuse of credit cards. Whatever it was, we can all count on the fact that we will never have to see Myles Berkowitz or his creative efforts again. Hallelujah !!!
