Although not a young man when commissioned to work on this project, Bondarchuk was still a novice single-image director, a successful adaptation of a brief history of World War II, to his name. Bondarchuk, of course, had been a well-established acting star for a decade, but the skills of the staff meant little behind the camera, and as a director he was unhappy not prepared to do such a production. And it shows up in jumbled-up recording compositions, which can be seen especially in group scenes, often in unfortunate camera positions. The performance of the kind of film, which fluctuated greatly for the director, seemed so overwhelmed that the sheer size of the task was apparently left to the actors themselves, and these sounds were unpleasantly like broadcast announcements. <br /> <br /> Vidor's "War and Peace" was probably the main reason that led the Soviet government to save no cost on this production. The publication of the Vidor painting in the USSR caused a sensation. Surely Bondarchuk wanted to mimic the greatest strength of the Hollywood movie and find his own Audrey. His last choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, a dark-haired big-eyed thing, actually resembles Hepburn. Unfortunately, she was a Kirov ballet dancer with no acting experience and talent. So it's not surprising that the nicest word I can find to describe their performance is "terrible." <br /> <br /> Although Soviet actors could be expected to speak the same language as Tolstoy's characters, they have a better understanding of them than foreigners, but this war and peace often proves that this is not the case. The revolutionary upheaval has swept away the thin upper layer of the Russian cultural soil from which the world of war and peace has grown. So, a lot of these big Soviet actors involved in this production are often as ignorant as the Americans who play Shakespeare. Of course that does not mean that American actors can not play Shakespeare believably, but you know what I mean, if You have seen in Branagh accommodations American members of the cast. Of the three main characters, only Bondarchuks Pierre is commendable, but even he was too old for the role and feels out of place in the early days.
