Very bad but worth watching sci-fi movie that suffers from hideous special effects, bad drama and a ridiculous story. The film begins with a spaceship returning from exploration on Mars with a woman and a man with green slime in his arms. It begins with a few hard actions to tell what happened on this fateful journey, as almost all the tapes were apparently magnetically wiped off. Four astronauts embark on this journey: a military guy, played by Gerald Mohr, Humphrey Bogart of a poor man who likes to say the word "Irish" and has the acting mind of a cod, then there's Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead and only one female crew member on the flight with three men wearing the most fitting suits to accentuate all their curves, next Les Tremaine, a wonderful character actor from cheap sci-fi films like this ego, and most recently Jack Kruschen as Sammy - the guy from Brooklyn jokes and does not seem to be too smart, even though he was chosen for his electronics skills. None of these performers is really good, and everyone speaks their dialogue with little conviction. See how Tremaine expresses this scientific nonsense! Really, the best of the four is Kruschen - and that says a lot about this movie. But bad, aside, the movie just falls apart when it lands on Mars via flashback. The Angry Red Planet had a cheap budget, because Mars is really the American Southwest with a strong red hue. If the story is looking for something that might look like a Martian, drawings are drawn with a strong red tint above it. You can see that these are drawings. The monsters may be even worse when we get a bat spider over 40 feet in size that looks like some kids are coming together to put dead animals together. The other major creature is a giant amoeba with an oscillating eye. Angry! This is bad. There is a nice drawing of a Martian city, but that was not enough in the movie. Despite all these big issues, The Angry Red Planet is a fun, bad movie. It's really fascinating to see how far civilization has come. Most of the stuff they used in the movie is so outdated. One guy uses an electric razor with a string and I thought they could get to Mars, but they still use strings. Despite the budget constraints, director Ib Melchior gives much of the film an interesting look, but the story of him and Sid Pink does not fly. And how does that end with the music and psychedelic colors? Groovy man!
