A spaceship returns from Mars. About a few months earlier, a four-person expedition had been sent to the Red Planet. Most of the picture is a review of what happened there. The image is saddled with inimitable, melodramatic dialogues typical of many of the 1950s and 1960s science-fiction efforts. Note, for example, how the ship's commander (Mohr) orders another crew member to "stay groundless" there; as if moving to another location in the ship would cause a problem. Later, the commander orders two of the crew to stay in the ship while he and another go outside. The two he ordered to stay said "no way" and followed him. I had no great hopes for the success of the expedition at this time. There is a lot of talk about "ears twitching" and about a freezing jet cannon called "Cleo" (short for Cleopatra of course) stapled. It would be pretty funny, at least unintentionally, if the story did not drag on. <br /> <br /> The whole thing is very slow; The astronauts spend so much time looking out of the window at the ship's portals (changing the color from red to blue) and commenting on what they see while exploring outside. The Martian landscape, as filmed in Cinemagic, is usually reminiscent of animation clips or drawings taken through an orange-red filter to convey the illusion of interacting with the actors who, by virtue of the film, process a strange surrealistic look. But I do not think it's over 10 years old. The one wise note I noticed was that the memories of the surviving astronauts were marked by unreality, which would explain the unreality of the Marsvista. Oh, okay ... <br /> <br /> I was amused by the actions of some astronauts when they started exploring. Right now, they test their frost pistol on a plant and kill it, just to hell. Then, with a machete, the female member hacks what she considers a tree, but turns out to be the leg of the spider rat monster. Nice, lady. Check back next time. No wonder the 'intelligence' on Mars is annoyed and does not mind that one of the lower forms of life, a giant amoeba, attacks the explorers. The spectacle is not too impressive. Especially Mohr had a very annoying technique: He said a line and then abruptly burst into a huge grin that always frightened me - reminded me! the terror from space. The end is pretty anti-climactic; Do not expect any big revelations about the "no more expeditions" with the Cleo freezers.
