For 60 minutes in the beautiful city, Christina Galbo tries to escape the isolated boarding school she was brought to at the beginning of the film. Is she facing a fate too terrible to think about, a monster, a black-skinned murderer or a supernatural evil? No, she's running from a lot of bullying. During the next OTHER 40 minutes, different characters walk through the school in the dark, holding candelabra and looking worried or disturbed, which does not say much, maybe because great movies were made about it, but if you want to walk characters through corridors and stairs , you better be Alain Resnais or you should know better how to light these stairs in bright red and purple apples like Mario Bava. We know a killer is around the school, but his body is wretched and sparse, and since there are no everyday horrors inside the Giallo, we have no sense of weird secrets / unspeakable secrets behind a facade of order and piety and righteousness, as is the case in La Residencia, but do not know how to do it. We know something is going on because girls are reported missing, but we never get that dark, mysterious atmosphere that says "something is really wrong here, man". When Serrador tries to comment on the sexual suppression of the students, he does so with fast hysterical and detailed close-ups of eyes and open lips, while high "this-is-shocking" music plays in the background. Nothing of the ethereal beauty and yearning of PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK can be found here. It's all a bit awkward and aimless, with no sense of urgency or direction. Some people are portrayed as suspects, but there is no reason to worry about the identity of a murderer who is not perceived by the characters in the film. I like the first kill, the image of a knife striking a target over the victim's fearful face as a slumber song in the background, but the rest is too insignificant for my liking. I have to say that Serrador with the killing children and the paranoia du soleil of WHO CAN KILL A CHILD?
