Anthony Perkins is virtually the only other actor who would play Evel Knieval less frequently than Hamilton, but somehow Hamilton manages to make a reasonably effective performance (and as the producer of the film, he probably was not fired or told him was not right for the part! ) The daredevil motorcyclist's early life is told here in several flashbacks. The film opens with a rather stupid prologue in which Hamilton bubbles the world in his white, star-studded aisle to Knieval, as if to say, "Do not worry, this movie is about my youth, but I'll be back in mine well-known costume at the end of the picture. "Hamilton prepares for a big leap, but still licks his wounds from the previous one, as devoted Lyon supports and taunts him. He remembers various vignettes of his childhood and his delinquent teenage years as well as his early days as a stunt driver and thriving celebrity. This flip-flop approach is quite abrupt and sometimes incoherent, but prevents the movie from staying on one of its inexpensive sets for too long or being in a rut with the rather pedestrian characters. Hamilton, usually a polite and weak personality, is very good at portraying the tiny details of his subject's behaviors and behavior, including his walking. His hair is a bit lighter and longer and he works hard to make the right turns in speaking. (He even makes a small tribute to Kniege's injuries by appearing in a tight towel while his shoulders are covered with "scars" from the numerous accidents). Lyon is great at playing the young girl he loves, and then the more secular woman, even though her voice in packs of 3 threatens to give her away at any moment. She and Hamilton found a simple chemistry that far surpasses the movie. Other nice supporting twists are given by Freed as his destroyed doctor, Cameron as an early influence and Taylor as a fledged showman. The movie was done on a low budget, but the story is a relatively low rent anyway, so it will not be overly impaired. The makers used the locations in Butte, Montana wise, to give the film a real small town ambience. Some of Hamilton's antics are amusing, though the character is certainly ruthless and reckless of other people's possessions! Some of the realized and failed Knights stunts are contained in blurred footage, one of which is marked with an overwhelming "splatter" in which the man is rolled up like a doll. Hamilton's then wife (Stewart) briefly appears as a nurse.
