Well, in this movie you may not see any women in love, but you will surely hear women talking about love and men talking about love and women talking about men and men talking about women and men talking about men. and all talk about death and talk and talk until you want to scream yourself and do something that does not need to talk at all, like For example, to paint your bedroom or to water your plants. Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where psycho gossip rules everything, and where no one can live a productive life because everyone is too busy talking about how unproductive their lives are. Spending time with the characters in a D.H. Lawrence novel is like locking yourself in a closet with a group of your most trusted acquaintances who you would run into if you met them at a party. When I read "Women in Love," I absolutely wanted to strangle every single character in it, but since I could not, I hoped that they would at least choke each other. Unfortunately, only one of them dies, not by choking, and I will not ruin it by telling you who you are, if you are really concerned about this story or any of these people. <br /> <br /> To blame director Ken Russell, he makes this filmed version about as entertaining as it is possible to make this essentially unfilmable novel. He casts off much of the psychological hocus-pocus that Lawrence revered and instead focuses on all the naughty spots, making us lots of histrionic sex in beds and fields, two naked men fighting in the firelight, and an embarrassing scene with Alan Bates (yup, again naked) grazes in a meadow and loves shrubs and grass (I'm not joking). Glenda Jackson won an Oscar for her performance as Gudrun, the more dominant of the two sisters in the storyline, and she certainly strives to do something with this material; Anyone would have earned an Oscar just because he had to endure Russell's decision to give her a scene in which she must wildly dance in front of a herd of mystical-looking cattle. Oliver Reed has an expression, an intense look. The whole thing is overriden and overdriven, and it's insane. In fact, this competes with "Mommie Dearest" as a perhaps unintentionally hysterical movie I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Note: D
