"Prom Night" is a title remake of the 1980s Slasher movie starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film is set in a city in Oregon where Donna (Brittany Snow) is just going to her prom and after a few extremely traumatic events in the last few years, has some fun. She and her friends arrive at the prom, which takes place in a large hotel, and try to enjoy the funniest night of their lives. No one knows, a man from Donna's past who has persecuted her for years is also at the prom ... and is ready to kill anyone to persecute him. <br /> <br /> I'm a fan of the original "Prom Night", so I tried to keep a little hope in this movie, but I have to admit that I was pretty disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers from the worst suffering of a horror movie, and that's predictability. There are absolutely no surprises here, and I felt that I had seen everything in this film that had been made dozens of times, often better, earlier. What does that mean for the audience? Boredom. Unless you have never seen horror movies or are part of the youth group, the majority of the audience will most likely be able to guess almost anything that will happen. The plot is simple, but the entire script does not contain any surprises, distortions, atmosphere, or anything, and that really hurts the movie because the audience never really has what it takes. It all seemed very boring. <br /> <br /> Many people seem to complain that this is also a PG-13 Slasher movie, and I understand what they say, but I do not know. I think it's impossible to make a good Slasher movie with minimal gore. Take, for example, Carpenter's "Halloween" - little to no screen violence, but still a very frightening and effective movie. You do not need horror to make a movie scary, but even if "Prom Night" had invariably been violent (which is not the case, it's very tame), it would still have added little to the movie, because not much in the movie is script to build on. The tension and tension here is mild at best, and I spent most of the movie predicting the outcome of situations, and was 99% of the time right. Also, our characters are not written well enough to connect with them, and their numbers are routinely and negligent. <br /> <br /> I'll point out some things that I liked about this movie because it was not completely useless - the camera is really nice and everything was filmed very well and pretty stylish. Among the "jump" fears (which are for the most part very predictable), there were some who were kind of smart. The sets for the movie are also beautiful and the hotel is a decent place where the action can unfold, however predictable. As far as acting is concerned, it is mediocre at best. Brittany Snow plays the main role, but the rest of the cast does not show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the villain and is probably the most experienced performer here, but even he is not that impressive. However, I liked the character he played, which was a nice change from the typical "masked-stalker" type we often see. As for the end, the last fifteen minutes of the movie bored me to the end and it was very carbon neutral. All in all, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. Everything was very numbery, routine and predictable, which is somewhat disconcerting given that this has the potential to be a decent Slasher movie. There were a few nice moments, but the film had no tension or atmosphere and had little plot, nor credible characters. I would advise experienced horror fans to save their money and wait for it to appear on video, or rent the original, as there are no surprises here. Some may find some entertainment in it, but it was far too predictable for my liking. I expected better and left the theater very disappointed. 10.3.
