You can tell a Lew Grade production a mile away? pronounced British in style; Epic in the conception; populated by international all-star casts; usually in exotic climes. It's a formula that employed Grade and its ITC business from the 1970s to the early 1980s, resulting in titles such as The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower, and Raise The Titanic. In 1977, Grade March Or Die, a remarkably old-fashioned adventure of the Foreign Legion, modeled all the above features. Guided by the normally reliable Dick Richards? Who supported the celebrated Farewell My Lovely just a few years earlier - March Or Die is an unfortunate disappointment. <br /> <br /> A company of foreign legionnaires, led by the tough discipline General Foster (Gene Hackman), will soon be sent to Morocco after the First World War. Their mission is to protect an archaeological party, with the dedicated Francois Marneau (Max von Sydow) standing in front of them. The archaeologists are carrying out an excavation in the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear an attack by Arab tribesmen after the decimation of a former archaeological group. Foster is not satisfied with the job? he does not consider historical artifacts as worthy of his men risking their lives. This leads to continued tensions between him and Marneau, who believes that legionnaires should sacrifice their lives to facilitate the excavation. The problems worsen when a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) arrives along with the legionnaires. She hopes to find out what happened to her father, a historian abducted by the Arabs, when they eradicated the first archaeological team. Their presence arouses desires among the legionnaires, none other than the gypsy thief Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a charming and courageous rogue who initially shows indifference to his legionnaire colleagues but is gradually gaining in size. The climax of the battle is a great battle in Erfoud, with swarms of united Arab tribes fighting the handful of legionnaires as they desperately try to defend their lives. On paper, the star duo of Gene Hackman and Terence Hill seem to be a mismatch? Hackman is the Oscar-winning heavyweight actor, Hill is the handsome but limited Italian heartbeat of many low-budget Western spaghetti. Hackman is expected to keep his opponent off the screen. Oddly enough, it's Hackman who delivers the weak and unstoppable performance, while Hill takes his game to a surprisingly high level. The movie is attractively shot at desert locations, but the pace is awfully slow and some of the characters are worth caring. Maurice Jarre's music is also unusually flat? very disappointing of the guy who gave us the Lawrence Of Arabia score. It is noteworthy that someone had the nerve to try an old-fashioned adventure of this type in the 70s (it was a genre that reached its peak in the 1930s and was almost forgotten in the intervening decades). Unfortunately, gambling does not really pay off? This tribute to the Legionnaire strips of ancient times is more like a jerk than a march.
