"New Best Friend" is another entry in the sub-genre "Stealing the life of another woman"; the best of them are "Single White Female" and "The Hand That Cradles the Cradle"; the worse of it you can experience almost every afternoon in the Lifetime Channel. For some reason, this type of identity theft happens exclusively with women. <br /> <br /> There are only two basic ways to play this kind of story. They can make the woman angry in the beginning and knowingly watch the audience hatch and execute their evil scheme. Or you use the misdirection to make her appear as a good person, because a seemingly unplanned series of events breaks in her favor until she proves to be evil in the climate scene. Unfortunately, the creators of "New Best Friend" could not decide how they wanted to play it, and things crashed and burned early. We first meet with Alicia (Mia Kirshner), who cheats the college scholarship office. We now know that she is a bad person and will be wary of all her later activity. The director and editor seem to have forgotten that this revelation was made, and spend the next 50 minutes misguiding us so that we think Alicia is a good person. This introduces the only element of tension, not whether it's evil, but about when the director and the editor become wise and stop wasting our time with transparent misdirection. From the teen movie curse of a cast that's too is old to portray undergraduate students. There are really only two major parts, Hadley (Meredith Monroe) and Alicia (Kirshner). They were 31 and 26 years old at the time of production. It almost works for the 26-year-old Kirshner when she plays Alicia's mousy version, but it gets glaring when she turns into the glowing version of Alicia. Monroe's casting is just a joke, as if Nicholette Sheridan had tried to be a classmate on "Lizzie McGwire." She is much closer to a midlife crisis than a housework. The producers must have owed a lot of favor, as this age issue affects most of the minor characters. Taye Diggs, who plays the sheriff of the city, is younger than most students. <br /> <br /> The basic attitude is that Hadley and two other rich party girls (played by Dominque Swain (21) and Rachel (35)) are classmates in college. They share (as their dorm) a mansion that is nicer and better decorated than the mansion in Real World New Orleans (a premise more believable than football mothers playing students). Alicia moves into the mansion and begins to take over Hadley's life. At least Swain finally gets a roommate from her own generation, so that the two can have a lesbian scene. Swain's supportive performance is the single best thing about "New Best Friend" and her love scene with Kirshner is fantastic, so cool and artistic that she does not fit any of the other segments, maybe she was awarded to a good director and a successor cameraman. <br /> <br /> The unintentionally hilarious story is presented in a series of dreary flashbacks to rampant sex and non-stop parties, each followed by a shot of a coma Alicia in a hospital bed. Kirshner spends about half of the screen time with a tube in his mouth. Not a good career move Mia. <br /> <br /> What else do I know? I am only a child.
