Geez, another lifetime movie, but once again not the worst movie in the world, but far from the best. I think the main problem is that it's pretty obvious who's responsible for what, and it's generally pretty predictable. Worse, some of the flashbacks became confusing, and the viewer wonders, "Okay, how much should I care about?" One thing I like is that the movie shows it's never been so easy, because "the good guys are good and the bad guys are bad," and sometimes it's evil against evil and not good against evil. Hadley did not do what she did out of a sense of justice, she did it because she considered herself a family member and eliminating the competition. Alicia simply proves that sacrifice is not always a good person. Some of them really "let it come", even though "it" was a painful, terrible death. "The Burning Bed" is a great example of this, but the difference is that the vile man in "The Burning Bed" got exactly what he deserved. But had Alicia "it's coming"? Some will say she did, but others disagree and the law generally does not. <br /> <br /> As far as acting is concerned, this is a mixed affair. Some do a good job, like Mia, but others are indifferent to their roles. They were mostly made of wood or simply not convincing. The music was pretty cool and some of the scenes are nice and steamy, especially if you like girl / girl action. The film is not bad at all, but given its blatant weaknesses, the strengths are unfortunately in the background. <br /> <br /> I've heard rumors about a sequel, but in the face of the years I doubt that. 'Will happen But I would not be surprised if a sequel would suddenly pop up. If Alicia is as evil, merciless and terrible as people say, then I do not think she'll think, "YAY, I woke up in a coma! Oh, Hadley was responsible Oh, that's okay, I forgive her completely and wants to drop the fees! "By no means Hadley would sit long in jail anyway, if she did not even time, since no murder actually happened. Anyway, it's worth checking out at least once!
