We see a corpse of a dead girl in a morgue where the coroner tries to close the girl's eyes, but whatever he tries does not remain open. Then we move into the future and follow a group of former school friends who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly they begin to become one in many gruesome ways. Flashbacks tell us about this terrible suicide of a shy girl trying to belong to the group, but she was excluded from them because they dug up their past and found some weird occurrences. Is she back from the grave and looking for revenge? Oh, what a great and always scary story! Well, I hope I could say. And "hope" was as good as it became. This is a forgotten, supernatural horror movie that I've actually seen before, but I thought it was my first sight. To my surprise, it hit me when I started picking up certain things, but as I said, it's a rather memorable mix that feels like a first look. "Nightmare" is just another type of field that adds a few "changes" to the flour. Oh, please give me something that is a bit fresher. It does not have to be original, but this is a formula and a very tired J-horror movie. Even if he orients himself to the usual ghost story that you've guessed right, a nasty-looking, vengeful chick spirit old, same old story and Jolts. This kind of entertainment talks when it's horrible and pops in some creepy images. The deaths are vividly depicted with bite and some originality. A scene with the ghost terrorizing one of the girls is a blood-clotting experience, but really, when it's not about shocking you. I thought it was weird and I thought about closing my eyes. That could be tough, but it's just tough there was no interest anywhere between these shock moments. You could say, because the supposed mystery is really not much, the insecure story is just flat and the characters are a selfish bunch that does not really care about what happens to them. The incoherent story should have been more focused on the mind than those sober characters who have an unconvincing group relationship. It just overplayed its cards by getting overly confused and taking too long to get it to ridiculous at the climax. The haunting end of the film, however, is a highlight. <br /> <br /> The film looks good, although he could not have done without the chic, quick fire processing, and the music score was a bit overbearing when it came to improving the mood. The performances are fine, but Gyu-ri Kim is strong in the lead role. <br /> <br /> It's nothing new and it steals shamelessly, but if you can stop by, it's a bit of a thrill. Although I found the handling pretty lethargic, despite the strange, effective showers. A standard effort for everyone, I think, but it's equally impassable.
