In a variant of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma ventures into an unknown area in which the blockbuster takes on a new form. The Thakur goes south. As Narsimha the police inspector, whose family was killed, Mohanlal seeks revenge for Madrasi style. The accent is in contrast to Thakur from the north totally south Indian. Also the separation of the hands of Thakur by Gabbar is cut in Aag down to the fingers. The cost of makeup is lowered because there is no effort to hide the hands, instead only a long-trained kurta for the cut fingers. Moreso at the climax, where the Thakur uses his legs and says, "Tere Liye, to make Paer Hi Kaafi Hai", here Narsimha uses his finger stumps to fire a weapon and kill the rogue. Babban, Gabbar's new avatar, is also different. He is not from Bihar or UP. He is Bambaiya. Gabbar's notorious laughter is also available in two installments this time and is more restrained. Babban asks for Diwali instead of Holi and Romanes Urmila to replace Helen in Mehbooba. He also enjoys dancing and dancing with Abhisheh, who plays Jalal Agha in Mehbooba. Babban is smarter this time. He throws the apple and asks the question that led Isaac Newton to discover laws of gravity. Basanti is more detailed than the car driver Ghungroo. Nisha Kothari can not play the driver and looks too artificial with words like "Entertain" and "Too much" with gay devotion. Viru was fun while Ajay Devgun is a fool for the role. The god speaks with the incident of Basanti and the shooting lessons and the Koi Haseena song and the sequences of the water tank are painful. The water tank turns into a well, and the drunk Devgun is so bad in the order that the audience would have wished to commit suicide. Jai was calm and serious. Prashant Raj is better than the others because we do not expect anything from him. But he also botched the Mausi sequence. He is not as romantic as Jai with the harmonica. The role of Jaya, who played Sushmita, is changing her career. A pure housewife turns into a doctor this time after her husband is killed. She also lacks the pain that Jaya indicated. Your flirtations with Jai are more open this time. Samba gets a bigger role this time than Tambe. He does not have to point to weapons this time and answer questions from Gabbar. He follows Babban everywhere and is a bodyguard with more visibility outside the cave. Horses give space for jeeps and cars. The Gabbar hideout here is constantly changing and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. All in all, it's more of a parody than anything else. RGV presents itself with its own interpretation of the classic. But even after three decades, we remember the original so well that our minds refuse to accept stylized versions and altered dialogues. We call it a parody. So Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao Jaan) stop making remixes and making originals.
