Sholay: As one of the best movies. I've always wondered if they would ever be the classics. It was the time when RGV announced this movie and I was a little bit excited to see it. I've always thought this might be a good movie, but every week we'd change the RGV a bit. And the movie is a very good B grade movie, something I did not hope for. <br /> <br /> I was really trying to look for positives, but I promised to keep Sholay out of my thoughts. The cinematography is great. The film tries to make its own. But that's the good side. The action sequences are weak. The script had potential. The biggest mistake is editing. None of the scenes teases you. For example, the comedy sequences felt very out of place and forced. Ironically, because the original comedy was just as entertaining. And none of the characters is developed. And no scenes will stay until the end. And the end was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The biggest question is acting. Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh, nothing great. It seemed they were concentrating too much on his look, the character just looks threatening, but you do not crawl. Mohanlal is hardly in the movie, but he impresses in his few scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. It was not so much the performance, he gave it all, it was the weak script. Prashant Raj is very confident and has the potential to get better with better films. <br /> <br /> I had the most expectations of Sushmita Sen, who was probably the best of the most. It was expressive, but that was still not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. She seemed mostly disinterested, but her emotional scene after her friend's death was pretty good. It seems she has to find a director who will help her talent, not her cute looks. What disappointed me most was the chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj did not look like friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. There was no passion between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not have the hate-filled passion they needed. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, they are pretty shitty. Urmila Mehbooba was too crowded and I was pretty much asleep. But it was nice to dance. The Holi number was pleasing, but not memorable. The same applies to the other songs. For someone who was looking forward to this movie, I was very disappointed. I had high hopes in RGV because of its jungle, but it seems he lost his talent while filming this film. Hopefully, he will regain his talent for Sarkar Raj. But this movie is best forgotten. All the positive things still do not make up for the boring movie he's making.
