GENERAL PERFORMANCE: - Finally, the long-awaited AAG appears on the screens. Unfortunately it could not put a progressive fire in the audience. The best thing to say about the movie is the idea of ​​recreating the mighty SHOLAY. And Varma has made a good choice to change the entire scenery of the film. If he repeated the same Ramghad backdrop, people will say again that there is nothing new about it. Different backgrounds are grateful, but the way he presented them is not worthy. Right at the beginning of his career at SIVA in Telugu he had used the same lighting and the same background. I do not know if this guy is going to focus the Varma on the lighting or not, or maybe he has no lighting technique other than Gordon Willis GODFATHER. It is all dutch dutch dutch. Why should a body use so many Dutch angles and extreme close-ups !!!!!!! The firing division is lame. Characters could not carry emotions, performances are not right, storytelling is worse, background is really terrible. VARMA produced great bad guys like Bikumatre, Bhavtakur Das and Mallik Bhai, but this time he did not manage to carve out the best characters in Hindi cinema. There is no comparison between Gabbar and Babban. Babban is more of a psycho than a villain, yet he has a soft corner for his brother (in this movie a gift). Amitabhz performance is not to his mark. His appearance itself is pathetic. The scar on his nose symbolizes the forgotten villains of black and white cinema. Whatever they did to Babban is not successful. Babban is no comparison with Gabbar. <br /> <br /> Narsimha: - The first thing about this character is not to get the audience excited about his hands. If varma had done that, it would be like teaching ABCD to a Bachelor graduate. It's good that he opened the secret early. But the flashback is pathetic. Varma could not use a great actor like Mohanlal for his brand. <br /> <br /> Durga: - The only character with improvement. This character was improved with satisfactory changes and was used according to the story. Heroo, Raj, Ghunguroo: - No body disturbs or at least considers this character. The film's total failure begins when the director could not work on the close friendship between our hero. These characters do not contribute to this movie. <br /> <br /> RAMGOPALVARMA: - Its quality is decreasing, it is decreasing. AAG can certainly be regarded as a C-movie. Sholay is a fire of revenge, a city problem that stands for genuine friendship and highly valued anger and fun of Dharmendra. AAG never had an emotion with his characters. Storytelling is too weak so that the audience can not sympathize with the characters. Do not compare AAG with Sholay, but you will not like it. <br /> <br /> If you dare to watch this movie. They are burned alive in RAMGOPAL VARMA KI AAG
