OK. So I just returned. Before I start my review, let me tell you one thing: I wanted to like this movie. I know I've been negative in the past, but I was hoping to be surprised and really like the movie. I did not do it. <br /> <br /> It's not just the fact that every imaginable horror story is in it. And it's not just the fact that they make every little thing a scare (falling into a baseball bat lying on the floor, are you kidding?). It just was not scary. One thing I was surprised: There was more blood than I thought it would be ... which does not say much. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with Donna being dumped by Lisa from her mother's house. She comes in .. goes upstairs. Camera pans to her dad on the couch. Scary. She goes upstairs where the aforementioned baseball bat scene takes place. Finds her brother on his bed, apparently dead (how could she say that? He had no bloodstain on him). Killer comes in, Donna hides under the bed, mother dies. She runs outside and screams for help. Killer behind her: "I did it for ourselves." Cut to the therapy session. This confused a lot of people - everyone asked if their family had actually died or if they had imagined it - and she mentioned how the nightmares returned. This is followed by a fill dialog. <br /> <br /> They are hunting pretty fast. Few scenes in the salon, they go to the hotel. Of course, the killer is already there (for some reason he escaped 3 days ago, but the police / family was not informed until he was there). This is followed by more fillers. <br /> <br /> I will not go into what's going on in the movie because I do not want to spoil it too much. If you want to know who is dying, Horror_Fan has already written a post about it. But about the deaths: they were not so exciting. The people in the theater actually laughed (an experience I've never done in a horror movie, not even in When A Stranger Calls). One in particular: the Busboy, who gives the weirdest "scary" face I've ever seen. The only death involving any blood was Lisa's, and that was quite rare. Her neck is slashed, blood (if you can even call it that - it was practically black) splashes on the curtain. The only other blood was on Claire when we saw her body. Apparently, Fenton decided to stab her a couple of times after stifling her. Oh ok? The movie was one of the clichiest I've ever seen. Let's see .. obligatory mirror curtain BOOM! Scene. Check. Actually twice (you could say they had difficulties). Obligatory support to the murderer. Check. There's also the back-up-in-the-lamp scene, but you've all seen that. Oh, you say you want a bird hunt? Well, you got it! (Yes, they managed to install one of them here). And of course there's the we-have-security-on-all-exits-but-still-to-escape-scene. Should I continue? I could. <br /> <br /> For those who say the characters are not stupid, are you kidding me? "Oh, though the massive alarm goes off and literally says" VACATE THE BUILDING "and 3 of my friends are missing, I go up to get my packaging." These characters were some of the most flawed and stupid characters ever. The only sympathetic figure - Lisa - has made one of the dumbest features of the film. "Oh, I just realized that the psycho-teacher is here! I have to leave my strong friend to run alone to warn them! Oh, shoot, the elevator is too slow, I guess I'll take the stairs and run away. " in the construction site! At the end of the film, they all deserved to die, the only death anyone felt remorse for was Donna's friend (I can not even remember his name - is that so bad?), And at that point was The audience was completely drained from this fearless, clichéd movie There were some positive things - the acting was mostly decent and it was a good hit, but that's about it. <br /> <br /> I would give it 1/5 and that's generous, just for the laughs (and believe me, the audience had a few) and Brittany Snow. Oh, and the reaction was bad, very bad, people grumbled after the movie ended, and the humming after that was very negative, expect bad legs for this.
