I can not find the appropriate words to describe the horror I felt as I sat in this movie theater watching Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, the director's half-hearted attempt to pay tribute to this classic Bollywood Western Sholay. The biggest problem with Varma's remake is that he does not even try to make a credible movie. In every image of this movie, it's obvious that Varma's heart just is not in it. What you see on screen is at best a bad joke, a gimmick of the filmmaker, and it hurts you to see what little respect he actually shows for a movie he claims to be a fan of his whole life I've seen several bad movies over the years, but I can not remember one that was so hard to torture like this one. Consider yourself very brave if you are able to survive the entire movie, because it tests your patience like few movies do. Varma can borrow his plot and characters from the original film, but his version is banal and hollow and does not have any of the spirit and energy of Sholay. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a ridicule of this timeless gem, because it turns out that it's all that the original film was not - far too far away, too boring and completely pointless. Many popular moments from Sholay are parodied by Varma, and you want to wring his neck for that. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay, in which Dharmendra climbs up the water tank as Veeru and threatens to die, is turned over in this film. Ajay Devgan plays Hero, puts a gun to his head and threatens to shoot himself. As you wish, he would have pressed the pusher and spared us all torments. Not only Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag fails as a remake of Sholay, it's a pretty bad attempt even as a stand-alone movie. The eardrum-damaged background score sounds more like somebody nudging vessels in the kitchen, and the camera work alternates between dramatic and headspin. Partners of this terrible crime to bring this ridiculous film on the screen, are the most dead wood actor of the film. Susquita Sen as Devi, the widow, takes her role as well as the film too seriously, pauses her lines, stares at the camera to make an impact, and in general, her life depends on it. Mohanlal as Narsimha struggles with his Hindi dialogue and looks embarrassed to deliver some of the stupidest lines in his illustrious career. The newcomer Prashant Raj, who plays the Jai equivalent, has no theatrical abilities, of which Amitabh Bachchan contributed in the original film. As a hero, the New Age Veeru exclusively Ajay Devgan hopeless, failed miserably at his attempts at comedy. The weakest link in the film, probably the most shocking casting decision, is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who follows in the footsteps of Hema Malini as Basanti, the lovable airhead of Sholay. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but may also be the worst actress in the world. It gives the word annoyance a whole new meaning, and it lets you cut your wrists every time it appears on the screen. And then there's Amitabh Bachchan playing Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's version of Hindi Cinemas favorite villain, Gabbar Singh. Bachchan is the only actor in this ensemble to recognize the over-the-top sound of the film and play along accordingly. He constructs a threatening figure that can be seen. He's supposed to be a comic villain who growls and sneers, hisses and shakes, and he does it all successfully. But because he's trapped in such a downfall, his performance does not really help improve the movie in any way. No surprises, I'm down with zero ten and two thumbs for Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, one of those painful movie watching experiences you would not even submit to an enemy. It's not like Varma has not done a remake yet. With Sarkar he gave us a smart and gripping look at the Godfather, and it is a pity that he made this Sholay character from such a popular classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst career decision so far. It's also a dark point in his CV that he'll be embarrassed forever. I suspect this film will go down in film history as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
