"Anna," a drama in the core, shows the sincere truth that all actors age and sometimes fade. Anna is a character who thinks America is her safety net, her home, and she can not go wrong? But she refuses to deteriorate for work she does not believe in. She is stubborn, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to her life, without fear of letting others in, and dropping her immediately. Anna flip-flops between personalities, which is why this movie is ideal for an aging star, but no idea of ​​the spectators. "Anna" was praised for her star Sally Kirkland and her ability to become "grungy" for the role, but for a month in 2008, "Anna" is not a staple film culture. It is outdated, boring and formally messy. <br /> <br /> Director Yurek Bogayevicz hid a message in "Anna" about the lies of Czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to let her go on stage. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, highlighting Kirkland with wooden frames, and he's not afraid to lessen the surrounding characters, so you'll remember Kirkland when you move away from the movie. If it's not obvious, I did not like this movie. From the opening of the first act and deep in the second moment, "Anna" felt like a theatrical performance at a high school. The characters did not exist, there was no telling history and there was no definition of time and place. There was Sally Kirkland, who stubbornly said that she is better than the other actresses fighting for the same lifestyle she wants. Coincidentally, she meets a friend, a young girl who has also traveled a long distance to get to America for glamor and glamor, and two of them (within 20 minutes) build a friendship that could break all the walls. It is emotionally boring and unbelievable. Coincidentally, we meet again Anna's friend Daniel (played by the weak Robert Fields), who brings nothing to definition or character at the table. Just to raise the attention to Kirkland's Anna. Over the course of nearly two hours, we observe how more random acts, coupled with unnamed characters, intertwine to create a story held together by loose threads. and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, I hate to say that, but "Anna" could have been a fantastic movie if Bogayevicz had the same amount of time between Anna, Daniel and Krystina. Instead, we are forced to a one-sided game in which emotional scenes speak louder plot. <br /> <br /> Has Charlize Theron found inspiration here for her beautyless role in "Monster" or Halle Berry in "Monsters Ball"? Was Sally Kirkland one of the earliest actresses to discover that Oscar will shine in her direction if he chooses a character? Throughout the film, I was fluent over Kirkland's portrayal of Anna and Bogayevicz's lack of arousal for everything else. Bogayevicz gives us an Anna who does not work hard for her parts, does not care about others and is generally mean? but should we feel sorry for her? At the beginning of the film, she forces others to do what she wants to do, and gets angry if she does not get along. Sure, aging actresses have that charm, but Kirkland creates a childish rather than a mature character. Here "Anna" could have improved. If it was mature Kirkland, I would have swallowed it, but this stuttering childish Anna was impossible to believe. While my favorite scene was about to end, with Anna seeing one of her older films (including absurd make-out characters) and the movie burning, this scene is also one of my least favorite. Anna has made a phenomenal life for herself by producing films and building the dream. However, when someone else wants to step into that limelight, she becomes jealous and outraged. That did not lead to a character behind whom I wanted to stand or win Oscars. Paired with the classic 80's background synthesizer, the outrageous over-the-top wardrobe and the postponed end (where did that come from and what happened?) ?? "Anna" went far into the realm of amazing cinema. It was a showpiece, an opportunity for an aging star to shout at the world once again. It worked in this movie, but I do not think I'll be misled again. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can not say that I was impressed by this movie. "Anna" is not a movie about an aging movie star; It's about Sally Kirkland and ONLY Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do more with the story, but either fails because Kirkland does not allow it or he just realizes that there is not enough to support a full story. There are one or two decent scenes in this film, but nothing that makes this movie as innovative or influential. Bogayevicz did not create a character that the audience would believe would dedicate to a Sunday afternoon, or with one ?? he caused trouble. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress who exaggerated and played crispy on the sides. Maybe I missed the frame of this movie, but what makes movies like this work is the collaboration of all involved. This was not the case here. In "Anna," Kirkland orders Daniel to behave like a dog (apparently as a symbolic act), and yet throughout the emotional scene I could not help but believe that Kirkland was so similar to the people on the set. She did not make a film out of it, she turned her into a production of her own, and that's why "Anna" failed. I can not suggest that to anyone. from one Czech to another ?? skip it! <br /> <br /> Note: * ½ out of ***** (for this annoying theater scene that sneaked me out)
