There are some redeeming qualities for this show. One is that the theme of melody has a decent melody. The show has a nice premise. I'm probably also in the minority, but I like Wanda. I like the fact that she worries and is more of a mother figure to Timmy. Despite all this, I do not like this show, it's not excrement, but I find it very annoying. <br /> <br /> I would not say it's the best animated show on Planet Earth. When I use this term for an animated television program, I think of Peter Pan and the pirates, I think of Darkwing Duck, I think of Scooby Doo, and I think of Talespin. And I hope I'm not the only one who really likes the Wild Thornberrys and takes offense at the fact that it's fun. I also do not think Fairly Odd Parents is the worst animated show on Planet Earth. I accept that it is annoying and in some ways overrated, but it is not the worst show on Nickolodean. This is Chalk Zone, God, the show is unsurpassable. But the worst animated show I've ever seen is Shaggy and Scooby Doo: get a clue that's roughly animated, unsteady and a shame. <br /> <br /> One thing I dislike about this show is the animation. The characters, excuse me when offended, have very strange facial features, and many backgrounds are boring and they lack the color that makes Spongebob Squarepants and Wild Thornberrys look so beautiful. The characters except Wanda, I find very annoying. I can not believe that such a talented speaker as Tara Strong (aka Charendoff) pronounced Timmy. Timmy, I find the main character not very likeable, he is annoying and sometimes condescending and he is also a bad decision maker. And his voice gets on my nerves. I do not like Strong, but not on this show. Another annoying character is Cosmo, the supposedly funny character. Instead, his jokes are as funny as they could become. They are known either a) or b) above. Timmy's parents are terrible characters who do not care about their son, and their personality is very thin. <br /> <br /> The storylines are mostly very unoriginal, and I still think where I've seen that before. The episodes after the arrival of the baby were in my opinion unsurpassable. Even worse are the scripts, very unsteady, childish, funny and suffer from a total lack of energy. All in all, not the worst show ever, but for an animation fan pretty bad and pretty uncomfortable to sit through 3/10 there are redeeming qualities, and I completely understand if people like it. Bethany Cox
