I probably saw this show for the first time around the year 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course I was younger at the time and enjoyed some of the jokes on this show. I was 11 years old in 2003 and now 14 years old (2007). Although my age is likely to play a big part in judging this show, after reading reviews from others, I've seen that after the third season, this show has lost the tube. Exactly. This show is abominable, repeats itself and usually focuses on the same action. <br /> <br /> The show revolves around Timmy Turner, who received two Fairy godparents because his life was basically awful - his parents were never around and he had a nasty babysitter. The plot of the entire show is that this kid (Timmy) and his godparents always want a destruction that can not be stopped by another wish because something in "Da Rules" says they can not. The series has many lines that keep repeating itself, such as "magic can not break true love, awesome lavatory," or even a few shabby jokes that Nickelodeon thought were funny and decided to rewrite the episode several times. <br /> <br /> The show is aimed at children under the age of 10, as it includes rough situations and "child humor" that most children my age would not care about. The choice of character voice could have been better. Timmy has an extremely loud, shrill, female voice like Cosmo. Wanda sounds like an old lady. Timmy's dad sounds like a presenter or game presenter, the voice of Timmy's mother is too over-the-top to sound feminine. Attitudes in this show are: In some episodes Timmy speaks back and looks spoiled and snobbishly. Wanda is apparently smart and wise. Cosmo is stupid, dumb and unable to think like Timmy's father. Timmy's mother, in the end, seems to be doing everything Timmy's father does. <br /> <br /> The show is too far from reality to please me even more. As a young kid, I could maybe see more humor on this show, but when I grow up, it gets really old. And not to be admitting or being "trashing," but the show has the mentality that makes you want to give the characters murderous activity. A show like this just has to be your attitude, if you know what I mean. If not, it basically disgusts you.
