When I saw the trailer for Prom Night for the first time, I have to admit that the trailer looked good and that it was a funny horror movie. So my boyfriend and I saw the prom night last night and I have to say I have to grow up because it was a ridiculous movie. Not to mention the typical horror Slasher movies with the loud noises as an excuse to scare people. There was no suspense, the characters, how should I take care of them? You had no development at all, the murderer ?! Oh my god, that was probably the stupidest serial killer ever. I know it's a movie, but why would a man who has never killed anyone before kill the family of a girl he just owned? I mean, did he want to kidnap her or would he kill her? I have no idea because this movie made no sense and is too predictable and offensive to true fans of horror. Donna's family was brutally murdered by her teacher, who became very obsessed with her and was arrested and put in jail. It's been 3 years and she just got some peace in her life, she even goes to her prom. But the killer escaped and still has Donna in mind, he follows her to her prom, which means bad news for her friends and the hotel maid and the bell boy means boy, so nobody gets so suspicious to see where those employees are are located. Donna is in big trouble, because even this murderer, who is clearly a human being, can apparently invade houses unnoticed and kill people so silently, just, wow. I'm sorry, I really wanted it I love this movie, we did not have a good Slasher movie for a long time, but that was just a stupid movie I was not impressed with. Only the situations were incredible and the actors were disgusting. I know it's a PG-13 movie, but I love how someone was brutally stabbed and he has just a little blood on his clothes? Not to mention stitch holes? I would not recommend this movie to anyone if you are not a teenager. This movie was made for the teenagers and not for adults, and not for those who know a real horror movie, not an insult to those who like this movie, but I do not understand how anyone could. <br /> <br /> 2/10
