"The Hazing" is one of the films that I only wanted to see on the illustrated cover picture on IMDb. Yes, I am so flat! I do not care if ten million people call it a crap movie, the poster looks awesome, so I think I just have to see it? Now, "The Hazing" can be described as something like his alternative title: curious! The poster and title make it sound like a real horror movie that plays on campus and deals with weird initiation rites, but this movie is actually more a mixture of comedy and thriller. First of all, there is something wrong with the slogan of the old VHS box that I have looked at. It says: He had good grades, a good girl and good friends? That's not really the case, as protagonist Gilbert Lewis is eventually accepted by a prestigious campus through an athletics scholarship "Buddy" he has a very nerdy Charles Martin Smith (still haired in this movie). Both are called upon to become a member of the prestigious "Delts" Brotherhood Mount dressed in their neat white underwear? Barney falls off a cliff and breaks his leg. When Lewis comes back with the other guys, Barney is already freezing back from a weekend-ski trip. After Barney's body is tucked away in the cafeteria freezer, Lewis has to take care of him so that Barney's absence does not seem suspicious, the professional here is that the execution could have been much better. The sound is too quiet and too serious for a comedy movie, even for a black one, but on the other hand, there are no real attempts to build up suspense or thrills. The soundtrack is cheerful and full of soft melodies, but that's barely enough to turn this movie into a comedy. About an hour into the movie, the plot and the idea are exhausted, and the creators have no better alternative to fill the void with romantic compilations of Lewis and his out-of-town girlfriend cycling through the country. I did not like the final phrase because it is quite implausible and because it was done before and after several times (though admittedly after that). "The Hazing" is not a complete waste of time, but I'm still happy to have found a former band with a friend instead of spending money on the recently released DVD.
