To tell Funky Forest, first contact is a bad movie and an understatement of incredible proportions. I can really immerse myself in a good art house movie, even a surreal and twisted hustle and bustle like El Topo, Naked Lunch and Survive Style 5+, because these films actually have a point of discussion when the credits roll. <br /> <br /> The FFFC tries in all ways to be so deep and intellectual, essentially there is no substance in this movie. This movie is done poorly, the visuals in this film are not inspirational, the dialogue is worse, the musical numbers destroy this movie. I chuckled for GUITAR BROTHERS, but that was immediately erased by something completely unnecessary and irrelevant. I've tried to be deep and meaningful, I think, but it's just overbearing, nonsensical nonsense. Freshman film students without a camera could make something more interesting. <br /> <br /> Guitar Brothers and the stand-up routines between the skits will each get 1 point, the rest is just unbridled, pseudo-creative, hard-hitting as good as movies from other REAL directors like Sogo Ishii, David Lynch and Jodoworsky. Give me a break. I'm convinced that people who rave about FFFC do so because they have no idea what they saw, because it was nothing but mild, pertinent statements that were mixed with stupidity here and there and mingled until you puking on your own shoes <br /> This movie was an extreme disappointment as it was high on Survive Style 5+. A movie that really has meaning, combined with great scenery, cinematography, catchy dialogue, funny moments, good soundtrack, great performances, fantastic speed and flow. FFFC offers the opposite in every sense, a boring scenery (20 minutes, staring at a bland beach at night - a completely white stage - alien balls floating in white rooms - a shabby school hallway and then a ... school corridor?) Horrible cinematography, unforgettable dialogue, nothing funny or humorous except for the fact that you have wasted your life for only two hours, soundtrack ?, amateur performances, uneven, incoherent, and often cluttering stimulation, zero flow. <br /> <br /> There are those who claim that FFFC is becoming a great movie that is so unconventional on every corner that it is a pure genius. This is simply a way of caressing one's ego, because "unpredictable" could be a good quality for a movie if it were not coupled with "boring," "inside," and "awful." Personally, I talked to two people who admitted to me that FFFC was terrible when they left the theater, but the overwhelming rave of the art house elitist let them watch the movie again and then came up with a ... " Hey, that was pretty good, I liked it ". <br /> <br /> I'm going to let my foot down, this movie is Slop, I do not care if Roger Ebert says that this movie is the best he has ever seen, lost his own virginity. "The new mantle of the Emperor," I say ... This movie is not a reference to the other psychedelic / trippy films that came from Japan in the last 10 years. Taste of Tea, Party 7 and Kamikaze Girls are much better movies (even on a low budget) and no one can honestly compare them to Survive Style 5+. Only look at FFFC if you're interested in making a presumptuous pile of nothing on a tight budget.
