The soloist has all the ingredients to impress the academy. His director Joe Wright has already written a best picture candidate. The main character Robert Downey Jr. played in a much-praised superhero movie. After all, the movie itself is a drama. When it was mysteriously discarded at the end of 2008, filmgoers and critics were stunned. Now that I've seen it, I assure you that Universal has not only delayed this movie to promote Iron Man Oscar Buzz. The Soloist is a weak drama without outer conflict that is far inferior to the best picture candidate of 2009. Downey and co-star Jamie Fox are not responsible for this mishap. Joe Wright is largely to blame, but even he can not save a life story. Many films are too complex and alienates viewers. This one is unusually easy. It is a film about newspaper reporter Steve Lopez (Downey), who is friends with homeless musician Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That's it. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not follow Lopez's traditional approach of friendship. The two become friends. They start this movie as acquaintances and end up being BFFs. The tension is one of those moments: does Ayers bring him from Lopez to a homeless shelter? This material would be better than TV production and not suitable as a feature film. Wright contains many scenes of cheap humor to mask the lack of content. Lopez is fighting the washing coats where I look at a subplot. Do you remember when this happened in reconciliation or in pride and prejudice? These films were structured to be fun on occasion, but nothing so long. Ayers' backstory is refined when it does not have to be. Worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. One can admit that the main story is not well received. Nathaniel was a violin wonder with a strong education (me too). This is a fictitious attempt to convey Ayers sympathy when most of us already have it. He is a homeless schizophrenist because he cried out loud! The film, in a sense, conveys the love of humanity for music, such as Amadeus and Beethoven Live's Upstairs. It is not as effective as one of these pictures. The entire movie is dependent on Ayers' schizophrenia. Ultimately, he interacts with everyone else. His musicianship is a nice touch, but it's not worth it to get involved. The movie does not fully integrate this trait into its person. Take out music from Amadeus or Beethoven Lives Upstairs, and there's no movie left. The soloist is more about friendship than music. Nathaniel could be a writer or film critic, and a few lines of dialogue would have to be seriously changed. <br /> <br /> This is just the third film by Joe Wright, and his first film is not a romance with Keira Knightley. Let's hope that this movie does not indicate how limited his abilities are. There are stylistic nods to his earlier works, but The Soloist is much weaker than either. In his defense, Universal would not have agreed to publish this picture widely. This film seems to be tailored to Imagine Entertainment (distribution of changeling). I would not be so disappointed if I had a limited release. Due to the poor box office performance, it may happen that better dramas are distributed nationally.
