The Prom Night is shot with the artistic eye that someone gives while he finely crafted a lifetime original movie. You know the one. This October, Lifetime takes a break from the brave story of a surviving woman (use the name of the disease here) to tell the weird story of a woman being persecuted by an ex-boyfriend. It is dramatic? is it sappy? it is immensely boring. It does not help to promote a genre, to tell an original story, or to strive after ANY kind of new. Prom Night shares this plight. We watch the killer poke holes in his victims. We sit in silence as they fall to the floor without a drop of blood. I noticed that this was the cleanest killer in film history. <br /> <br /> Our director works with a pretty good looking killer, so he's forced to pour on the camera angles to make him look more scary. Think of Matthew McConaughey approaching with a knife. You would probably go? "Oh, a good guy will kill me, Naaaa." Not even scary for a second, so the director throws Schaech in the shadows and over his shoulder in the mirror. This shot of the mirror is repeated until the illness, as it becomes practically the fetish of the Creator. In this movie, you get 15 horrors, two of which made my date a jump (I could say she's scared of ALL). I also mentioned that she decided to take a nap in the middle of the movie and threatened to leave me at some point. <br /> <br /> As if this movie was not put together enough, it seems to be falling apart. I'm not saying that it looks like key points stayed on the floor of the cutting room when the crew tried to save a semblance of a horror movie; I say that when the film moves from scene to scene, you often get a shocking jump. That's the kind of thing you would expect when a movie burns down and a projectionist is forced to connect the ends, cross fingers and hope for the best. The editor should be turned. <br /> <br /> With one storyline you can pack two sets, a stray blood spray, an emo killer and the thrill of a very special episode of "Silver Spoons". You have no reason to support horror this weekend? at least on the big screen. In fact, this is the kind of movie that should be punished. Is it really that hard to make a scary movie? Was this crew even aware they were making a horror movie? !! A complete waste of my and your time. I bit into the ball to give you this rating. Do not let my sacrifice be in vain. DO NOT GO TO THE FILM !!!
