If you put this DVD in the player and click on "Play", you will experience a brief moment of silence and see a black screen while the laser is guided to the correct starting point in the middle of the disc. CHERISH THIS MOMENT. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something (preferably PMs to help you fall asleep) as you will have a massive headache after starting this movie. <br /> <br /> A bunch of busty girls and with an opening that made me actually giggle a bit, I thought I would spend a good time. Sure, the opening sequence was a bit WEE and most of the jokes went flat and it seemed like this was a screaming rip-off (by the way, my only giggle was from Julie Strain's last comment in this scene). But then I knew there were problems ... the opening sequence had a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I looked through the DVD chapter titles and saw things that were "TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!" and "BETTER THAN SEX!". I knew what the selling point of this movie would be. <br /> <br /> And that's the sad truth: The ONLY good thing about this movie is its attractive cast. Apart from that, it's a sad routine Slasher movie that poses an "innovative" concept about murder clubs, which in the end will still be faked. The entire movie then goes in a different direction to try to be confusing and this huge mystery, but all of it makes it not at all interesting and you feel that you are not interested in any of the characters. I mean, if the main character of the movie killed an innocent woman, can you really feel any sympathy for her when she's worried about her life? The screaming influence is everywhere, with a ghost face killer and some really terrible jokes. We also have scenes with the main character talking to her mom and dad (Lloyd Kaufman! The only other cool part of the movie!) About an abortion or something. Uh. Yes ... This is not a "so bad, it's good" movie, it's just bad. Someone compared that to a Troma movie, but ... you know, almost every movie that comes from Full Moon (or his offshoot, as this movie proves) is awful. NOT horrible in the sense of Troma - I've seen a lot of Troma movies, and I can honestly say they all offer something EVERYTHING you can do with your friends later. However, this movie does not have much fun with it. Beware.
