A murderer wearing a white plastic mask and a black coat kills the friends of Hollywood producer Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske), who inherited his position when someone slashed his former employer from crotch to chest. Perhaps the psychopath is the newly hired Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive, raven-haired beauty with a troubled family history plagued by nightmares. Shawn and his friends joke Maddy about an alleged Murder club where each member happens to choose a victim to kill. When Maddy accidentally murders a woman in a parking garage because that person has put a bump in her car, she realizes that Shawn's friends are pulling her chain. However, Shawn and his comrades are worried about Maddy's admission that they have committed the murder and intend to turn them into competent authorities. They decide to wait for a final decision, and each member falls victim to the white masked psycho with Maddy as the suspect, considering she has killed before. Or is someone else behind these murders? Low-budget Slasher, executive of Charles Band, with murder murders that can not convince. Numerous breasts and all the silly figure of Allen Nabors, Chris, could entertain those with low expectations. The murders are a stomach that opens with intestinal accumulation, a neck cut, an electric cord thrown into a pool that is used to fry a female frying pan that can escape all day long, an ax that can be found in the pool During the sexual climax, a couple is strangled by a rope (.. For an additional effect, the killer uses the crowbar of a socket wrench as an additional lever to turn the rope as close as possible by grabbing the necks). There are enough plot holes to drive through a truck, such as why Maddy has nightmares about murders she did not commit, how she could murder someone so violently (with blood all over), that he wakes up in her bed without anything leaving behind at the scene, which would easily affect her, and how Shawn could progress for so long, allowing her to continue working in the company, even though she was talking about the murder she had committed, and a constant desire to to join the supposed club, which does not belong. exist. <br /> <br /> What bothered me most was the film's desire to somehow sympathize with this protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone and later calling it an accident. The film makes Maddy a potential psycho based on her past. Her family released her for an abortion. It has power outages and is always reasonably shut down at the venues of crime afterward. In many Slashers, the one who is likely to be the most likely killer is often the red herring, but this movie shows everything to point the finger at Maddy. When the fault occurs, we root for Maddy, but we know she's not right in the head. It's a hard sell to take care of this chick. In a men's shirt, however, she looks great. And Rochon is not afraid to let her puppies breathe. Fans of low-budget horror will get a kick when they see cult favorite Brinke Stevens as a religious fanatic who preaches against what Maddy did and calls her a murderer because she's the popular Troma producer Lloyd Kaufman is who does not speak. smart to protect the daughter he really cares about. Cult siren Julie Strain has a small cameo showing her tits (of course) when the man's opening girlfriend was murdered, who got her head squeezed by a hammer. Oh, and look at the office Shawn works for. You will see many full moon posters and artwork in the walls.
