Devin Hamilton is probably known as the new name in the legendary Full Moon entertainment. Unfortunately, his arrival at this independent studio came at a time when budget and production levels were at their lowest for years. In his short career, however, Hamilton has established himself as a creative director who manages to create imaginative and original stories. Well, that does not mean that his films are good, but at least they are different from the usual horror genre. <br /> <br /> In his debut "Bleed" Hamilton shows us a creative twist on the Slasher sub-genre. Maddy (Debbie Rochon) is a young woman who finally gets her dream job. Not only that, but it seems that she has also found a friend in Shaun (Danny Wolske). It seems that life after many sad events for Maddy finally smiles. Until a party with Shaun's friends, they tell her that they've started a "club" where members have to kill someone to get into. Obviously they are joking, but Maddy desperately wants to fit in that she actually kills someone. After this event, someone kills the rest of the members of the "club" bit by bit. It's up to Maddy to figure out what's going on, because anyone could be the killer, including them. Maddy is a very interesting character who is wonderfully played by the beautiful Debbie Rochon. It's a very interesting twist on the genre of having the lead actress as part of the suspects. The concept is so original and the performance of Rochon is so good that it's a pity Hamilton did not make the whole story a little better. The movie sometimes feels pretty slow, and overall the feeling is that of a good idea wasted on a bad movie. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is strange in the sense that all female performers are very good, while the male cast is painfully bad. Danny Wolske is terribly wooden and his performance as a yuppie is quite stereotypical. Julie Strain, Brinke Stevens and Lloyd Kaufman perform in small cameos and are wonderful in their small roles. There's also a lot of nudity (both male and female) and the cast looks very good, so it's a plus. <br /> <br /> The low-budget hurts the movie in the effects section, as there are very few bloody scenes and are not really graphic (probably because they would look bad); but considering the budget, the film looks at least good. <br /> <br /> The recent effort by Hamilton, the "Delta Delta Die!" - Initiative, is a better designed and altogether funnier movie. While not as bad as other well-known films, this film still has many shortcomings and may be interesting only to fans of Debbie Rochon or fans of independent no-budget films. 4.10
