Anachronism is one of the most common entries in the category "Patzer". I begin to believe that anachronism and other idiots in very good films are more acceptable, even ignored, but found in lazy films in the forefront and central. KISS THEM FOR ME is a rotting movie and stinks of anachronism, but when I look closely at it, I have found almost nothing specifically anachronistic. <br /> <br /> The images of airplanes spelling out the movie are certainly not the place to go. The large 4-engined van after the title "Honolulu 1944" seems to be the post-war C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). The fighters that left at the end of the carrier are Douglas Skyraiders, which were put into service after the Second World War and became famous through their use in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But with the exception of these two movie pieces and of course the hairstyles, everything else is most likely authentic. It just feels so wrong. I am an admirer of Stanley Donen, we have the same birthday. In his co-director ON THE TOWN (1949), at the end of a chase, in which the police Fords 1949/50 drives. However, there is not the slightest feeling that this is wrong in a World War II movie. In fact, as I later reflected, there is nothing to suggest that this should be a WWII film. It just feels that way. Based on a wartime Broadway musical based on a ballet (Fancy Free), possibly based on the work of artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934), it's a great movie about sailors on a 24-hour Pass in New York and New York It's so hard to associate with war organizations that it's just assumed to take place during the war, and these modern cars do nothing to break the spell. <br /> <br /> The first problem is the old Cary Grant. Although it's far too old to represent a Navy SBD bombardier, it's a Hollywood tradition that stars like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig) and Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) play younger. It was the role in which he played wrong, not his age. He plays an operator as they were called earlier. A guy who does things and breaks all the rules is still admired and loved. A Hustler A Trader. A de rigueur character in a service comedy. Grant is the comic book center of a service comedy that defies its comedy style. <br /> <br /> If you think of the great Grant comic performances like BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND OLD LACE (1944) and he's the big reactor, its comedy turned from its dignity to a puzzled puddle to be reduced from inert jelly. IN KISS THEM is expected to be the weird spark plug that just is not him. People were already exposed to the guy, most recently Comic Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on TV. The role would later be perfected by James Garner, but here, Grant just is not funny and seems to be a tyrant making his way through aggressive pushing of his Cary Grantness rather than cajoling and finesse. <br /> <br /> But what The anachronism is really the lead role of the leading women. There can not be more real 50s women than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique for the decade. Marilyn Monroe can be placed in a continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and any number of stupid blondes, and Grace Kelly was another first-rate lady (think of Mary Astor), but in films like Mansfield, there would never have been an anatomically exaggerated woman can give. Sure, there were the "Sweater Girls" (eg Lana Turner) of World War II, but Mansfield extended the point. Suzy Parker was THE model that revolutionized the model business that changed the mannequin like Posen to become the first natural girl to move and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957), also by Stanley Donen) , <br /> <br /> In the 1950s style, there seems to be a lot of gender mixing in "wild" parties, but never a touch of sex (think of the '50s TV shows "Bachelor Father" or "The Bob Cummings Show "), in which dinner shrouded men returned from" dates "alone). The original book, which I did not read, was published during the war and appeared at the end of the war as a play on Broadway. The nuances of the situation must have been unavoidable to contemporary readers and audiences and a dozen years later reconstituted and mortally misunderstood, it remains a once-forgotten stain on otherwise exemplary careers until the invention of the VCR and cable television revived that fossilized turkey. goof 'will it be ignored in a great movie like CITIZEN KANE (who actually hears Charles Foster Kane say "Rosebud"?) and in fun dirt like WESTWORLD (why were the robots even with live ammunition?) tolerated in a rotten movie, even if the antics really do not exist.
