In the questionable comedy by Mel Brooks "Ganz Moses!" tries to take over the Biblical story of Moses and make fun of it, resulting in an unfortunate biblical parody that was ever filmed. <br /> <br /> There is no real conspiracy here, just excuses to show a relentless comedy talent in played roles. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a bus trip through the Holy Land as they stumble across an ancient scroll in a cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, which were also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life agrees with Moses. He was sent down the river to be found by Pharaoh's family at the same time as Moses. Herschel's father-in-law, the late James Coco, becomes Herschel's slave after Herschel was rescued by idol-makers and works as a sculptor. Finally, Herschel comes to work for the Pharaoh as an astronomer, is banished and finally takes care of Moses flock of sheep. Herschel and Moses are brother-in-law, the sisters marry, and Herschel believes that God has chosen him to deliver his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received the divine word, but Herschel misunderstood. I'll pause here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... anyway, the rest of the movie is a series of badly written scenes in which Moore and actors play "special gigs." These scenes do not drive the plot forward, they bring the little story that is there to a halt. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom DeLuise may have three lines as he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel who reads only the same line as in "The Paper Chase". David L. Lander is a fake blind man who has been "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's sisters. I was not sure who Madeline Kahn should be, she drives to Herschel and has about one and a half minutes of screen time. John Ritter plays a very listless devil. Richard Pryor has a scene as a Pharaoh, but apparently at a different moment than Moore's scene, because the two do not appear together on the screen! In the end, Zerelda turns into a pillar of salt after looking back to the destruction of New Sodom, ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments and gives them to Moses, who basks in all glory. In the final scenes, the scriptwriter decides to save this shallow film by engaging Herschel God in a quarrel. God comes out as the omnipotent tyrant who guided Herschel to his own amusement. He spoke only through him to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have Zerelda Quip "God works mysteriously", excusing the very unchristian behavior of all during the movie. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. There is hardly a laugh that can be found everywhere. At the very least, Monty Python ridiculed many established religious props in "Life of Brian" in addition to her questionable attitude to Jesus' life, but here the humor is made up of Poo Poo jokes and characters that are constantly stung. This makes Mel Brooks look like a dealer / ivory. Churchgoers are not offended by the film's attitude toward religion, but by the complacency of the film, impressed by its own sovereignty (I know, not a word) about a subject they obviously do not know about. "All Moses!" is totally bad and embarrassing for everyone involved. I suggest you read the book instead. <br /> <br /> This is rated (PG) for physical violence, obscenity, sexual orientation and adult lifestyle situations.
