What a complete garbage. In spite of the plot, when the action of a movie revolves around airplanes, you would think that the authors / producers / directors (or EVERYONE!) Would do some homework to get at least a few details. The mistakes were so noticeable that I was angry at the end of the movie. Here are just a few: I am glad I missed the SR-71 sequence - certainly worse than the F-117 spectacle "Air Force One". Commercial airlines usually have their logos painted on the plane instead of on the Boeing 747 ?? probably the (cheap) use of Boeing promotional material / promotional material by the director. The exposed wiring, which is connected by wire nuts, is at best mediocre for home wiring, much less multi-million dollar aircraft avionics cabling. Aircraft like the 747 rely solely on pressure, instead of supplying oxygen on board to maintain breathing air. If they needed an onboard supply, the canister would be much larger than the fist size. Medical tape is not a suitable replacement for a hose fitting. They were F-16, NOT F-15. Mach 1+ (speed of sound) is hard to reach when a static engine starts up for takeoff (pay attention to the airspeed indicator). "Standard Formation" simply keeps the formation within a nautical mile, "Route" Formation is what they flew - not the most useful formation for an intercept. "Capturing Rocket Lock" is unlikely to attract the attention of an airline pilot - there is no radar detection or countermeasure. "Waiting for my signal" is not communication between flights to prepare to fire something. The pressure release from a door opening in flight is no reason for an immediate steep left bank. If you yell at a headset, it will not be transmitted. Magnetic headlines are given as "headings" rather than "bearing", and headings range from 001 to 360 degrees (compasses in the air are like compasses on the ground!). So if you turn to the left (not "port"?), That's a boat thing) from a "camp" from 618 to 502 is just stupid. In most cases it is impossible to "just turn the yoke to the left until the correct heading is reached". This sort of thing leads to 360 degree rolls until the yoke is centered again. The likelihood of a flight attendant finding the autopilot immediately and successfully stopping it is only slightly greater than the likelihood that she will actually land the jet safely. Aircraft do not stop immediately when they pull the throttle back, and the 747 has more than a small lever to control the thrust of the multiple engines. As a rule, the flaps are lowered in steps shortly before and immediately after the landing gear is extended and not seconds before the landing (good crash). Wheel brakes are required to stop an airplane. If you just pull the throttle (this time another lever in the movie) to idle, you can leave the runway at slow speed. Did I mention that this fighter aircraft was F-16 and NOT F-15? Guess I did it? And that's exactly what I remember about this horrible movie.
