French director Jean Rollin is not known for making great movies, and this confusing mess is one of the reasons. One of the most confusing things about this production is the title. For a director known for erotic films about lesbian vampires. You would expect a movie with the word "nude" in the title to be very nude. But in fact, there is not much nudity here. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires without clothes; We have an arduous conspiracy about a man who wants to uncover the mystery of immortality, a young woman whose grief may have the key, and a suicidal cult that has not much to do. The film opens promisingly with a sequence in which a young girl is taken away by a mysterious pile of people in masks under the watchful eyes of a young French man who happens to be the son of a great man. Through his research, he soon discovers that this woman is not just a normal woman, and the deeper he goes into the cult; He discovers that he can not be killed by bullets, drinks blood and can not go out in daylight ... That sounds like a clear case of vampirism to me. Jean Rollin ensures the fantasy mood throughout the building movie, but it's not interesting because the plot is performed so poorly. It is possible to stay up to date, but only because there are so many other films that follow similar actions. The director seems to know that he messed up the conspiracy as well, since the climax is basically an excuse to explain the film to the public. In the end there is also a turn; but the movie would have been better without it. I think this was Jean Rollin's attempt to be a little original, but it comes out as a shocking attempt, rather than a logical continuation of the story. The cinematography is pretty neat, and the action takes place in suitable gothic places. The girls on board complete a pretty picture, and what Rollin's film lacks in logic and consistency makes up for it stylistically. In the defense of the film it was made in 1969; which explains the lack of shock, but I can not recommend this movie as it does not have much to say about it.
