This review may contain some SPOILER. <br /> <br /> Just when you thought they did not make them that bad anymore, Rae Dawn Chong comes as a space vixen and Willie Nelson as a witch doctor of the Indians! It's even worse, considering that these two are the BETTER aspects of Starlight, a movie that should be considered just laughing, half-man, part-man, and partial stranger. Apparently the earth is in dire straits. Something is wrong with the genetics of humanity, and in a few decades the world will become a polluted desert. Only by duplicating the hybrid's DNA can the friendly alien race save the planet. Do not ask me what that is because the film gives the impression that the world is being destroyed by pollution caused by human beings. You'd think Earth could only be saved by getting rid of the polluting creatures, not saving them! Anyway, the hybrid is Billy Wirth, a man who lives in a small town in the southwestern United States and is part of the Native Americans, even though his mother is a red-haired Caucasus and his grandfather is Willie Nelson. Was not this the kind of Malarkey that made the bombastic Carmen bomb "The Chosen One" howling? Chong arrives on her ship when Wirth nearly drowns after driving his motorcycle into a lake in a lake of recklessness for breaking up with his girlfriend. Before you can express the word "Hogwash," Chong Wirth reveals his secret, which is not surprised for a moment, and spreads the word to Wirth's family. Chong also makes friends with Wirth's mother, who seems to have lost some of her marbles over the years. Well, that's because Wirth's dad was an alien who left her. Of course, he is the standard villain alien who chose this moment to come to earth for Wirth so he can use Wirth's DNA to make the Earth's humans his slaves. (Huh?) His ridiculous attempts to use his telepathic powers and realize that Wirth burns most of the time on the screen are the worst scenes in the movie. Not only are they boring, but they are also the scenes where you'll spot most of the flubs. <br /> <br /> The ideas may be nice on paper, but they are treated here with utter stupidity, especially in the aforementioned scenes with the rogue alien. But the effects are the bane of the movie. In the opening scene, Chong communicates on her spaceship with his supervisor, someone we do not see, but who communicates with the chong through a tub that emits pink light. They do not use spoken words but telepathy, so we are treated with subtitles. The problem is that both Chong's subtitles and their superiors look the same, and the director gives no indication as to which of them actually "speaks" at any given time. The spaceship is the worst effect on this side of an Ed Wood movie from Hollywood. Well, I tend to be lenient with effects when it comes to a low budget movie like this, but those effects really impressed me. The most offensive was the simplest: a wrong night sky. The stars in the sky are so fake that they almost sound like a dial tone. Most notable are the moments when Chong tells someone that she's from Pleiades, and we see the seven stars. In fact, the seven stars in the movie occupy half the night sky, but every stargazer knows that Pleiades is a star cluster between the constellations Perseus and Taurus, and the cluster does not take up much space in the sky. These effects only get so bad that your jaw hangs lower and lower with each moment. Be careful, because it will go through the floor in the finale, when the effects make Willie Nelson turn into a human headlight. , , Oh, it has to be seen to be believed! <br /> <br /> Starlight, Star Bright; Last star I see tonight; I wish I could, I wish I could; I do not have to pay attention to this garbage today. <br /> <br /> Zantara's score: 1 out of 10.
