This film starts promisingly with an early scene in which Frank Morgan advises Gary Cooper's marriage to his daughter Anita Louise. Frank Morgan, who plays an unencumbered gold digger, loudly complains to Cooper about his misery perceived by his family - including his daughter Anita Louise. I'm a fan of all 3 actors. Frank Morgan is (in my opinion) a Hollywood sweetheart, Cooper a legend and Louise a very loveable, versatile and undervalued actress who is rarely seen in the lead role. I also have nothing against Teresa Wright, and although she is not blessed with a long reach, she usually delivers heartwarming performances. <br /> <br /> From a promising opening, the story slips down to the end. I found nothing humorous about burning down the home of Cooper's parents-in-law. The butler in such a demanding, smoke-free household would never simply run away carefree, which would allow Cooper to smoke, or he would certainly provide him with means to eliminate his poorly timed cigarette. Moreover, no one with common sense would allow him to hold a burning cigarette in his hand without asking for remedies. And in the end, no one who's wise crushes a cigarette in a handkerchief and puts it in his pocket! This entire sequence only made Cooper stupid and gagical. It's a faint device - poorly designed and filmed in a way that makes you laugh and does not laugh. <br /> <br /> Cooper's forced medical exam is equally thoughtful. Nobody undergoes a full medical examination without being informed of its purpose or given its consent! That Cooper did that is too far from reality to be funny - it's absurd! Stealing babies from hospitals is a serious infringement and there is nothing to laugh about that. After all, the scenes of Cooper's overly demanding, neurotic attention to the feeding and weight of his baby may have struck a nerve in some people who were afraid of their own newborns. But for me they are just boring and slow. The wardrobe and prop departments were exaggerating in these scenes while the screenwriter paradoxically went to sleep. <br /> <br /> The lines just are not written in the script to create humor. They just miss all the cylinders. The laughter does not come a mile a minute, but more like a light year per minute. The film has only energy or humor when Frank Morgan is in front of the camera. <br /> <br /> The scene, which is totally wasted, is when Cooper's love interests and their respective fathers are locked up in the same room together. There's probably a lot of humor somewhere in this mine, but none of it has been extracted. <br /> <br /> In the end, one of the two very sympathetic girls is injured. It is predictable that it is the character of Anita Louise who is repelled on her wedding night! It's not in front of the camera, that's their fate, and it's not particularly funny - even as a casual ending. She had done nothing in this movie to make me unsympathetic (unlike Gail Patrick, for example in My Favorite Wife). So I expected (maybe "hopefully" a better word in the context of the movie!) That Anita Louise also has a happy ending. The fact that such a beautiful character is essentially wiped out at the end of the movie really undermines the effect of the "happy ending" for Cooper and Wright. I've always been waiting for something to happen to the funny dialogue so characteristic of films of the era ... and it was never delivered. A good performance by Frank Morgan in a slightly different role is completely wasted here.
