I realize that bringing a novel to the big screen is always problematic. That's the only positive thing I can say about this really terrible adaptation. <br /> <br /> Do you have "Wise Blood?" It is an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about the South like no other. She was herself a Southerner, a devout Catholic, and a remarkably gifted writer. In her first novel, she weave a dark and deeply disturbing story of faith, doubt and salvation with a macabre humor and surprising indifference. The characters in this book may seem outrageous to those who did not live in the rural South, but I can assure you that such people exist. Not only do they exist, they are people with families, feelings and worries like everyone else. Flannery's intentions were misunderstood so often - she did not burn these backwoods fanatics in flames - she saw in them the wonderful effect of what she called "mercy" ... even in the most violent, agonizing and irritating circumstances. Reading "Wise Blood" means being overwhelmed with a sense of fear and impending demise. After all, it is necessary to think long and hard about our judgments and prejudices - our entire world view. <br /> <br /> None of this is reflected in John Huston's "Gilligan's Island" -like adaptation. None. It is a farce. A bad farce. The entire film is oversaturated with a skin conditioner that turns the stomach. Acting is bad, the southern accents are spurious and insulting. The filmmakers have no insight into the thinking of religious southerners. Ms. O'Connor's intense prose is reduced to low vision and cheap amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mix of hayseed dilliness and clockwise cheeseball electronics that does not fit the story or the MOVIE. I had free entry into this movie and almost went out. Really, really awful. <br /> <br /> Besides, I do not agree with the religious views of Ms. O'Connor, and while I grew up in the deep south, years ago I headed north and did not look back , But the South is a beautiful place full of fascinating individuals (just like any other place on earth) and the caricatures that deal with Southerners and their attitudes in this film are offensive. If you are insulted (which I am not) then this movie DEFINITELB crosses the border. <br /> <br /> I do not like to talk about the work of an artist - John Huston was a man I did not know, and I'm sure he was a sincere and gifted filmmaker, to whom his respected place in film history points. My views are clearly distorted because I read and loved Flannery O'Connor's work. So I do not pretend to come from a different perspective. Maybe as a stand-alone movie for Cinephiles. But for Flannery O'Connor fans - and I would add - for Southerners and open minded individuals of all sorts - this movie is a waste of time.
