The film is full of religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion by commenting on it. In my opinion, this film pretends to explore deep issues, but lives from stereotypes and prejudices. with little real insight. What the people in the movie (and therefore the author) could not see was grace. They could not understand that God is the author of beauty, and He is the creator of passion and sexual gratification in the proper context of marriage. To claim that the people in the society in which the story is located believe that nudity is sinful and that both the man and the woman enjoying the act are dirty is only a simplification. Such clichés really do not exist, because even Jewish scriptures speak clearly of the caring husband, who will seek the joy of his wife before his own. Scripture says that a man should love his wife as his own flesh and that no man would have hated his own flesh, but he nourishes and cares for it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the authors and characters completely ignore that there are passages in the Old Testament such as the Song of Solomon, and even the Book of Proverbs, which says, "Rejoice in the woman of your youth, let you always satisfy your breasts "! How can this be read in any other way than that God knows and approves of marital union and its enjoyment? Real men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. Those who deny a basic doctrine of the Christian-Jewish religion. God NEVER said these things. It is absurd. Sonia rebelled against the false application of the teachings of the true God of Abraham. It did not have to be that way. How sad. What Sonia urgently needed was TRUTH, not tradition. When we know, love, and obey God, we love others more. This is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph. once delivered to the saints for all; bought and paid for by Jesus Christ the righteous. But alright, ignore all this and give up the old scripture and apply the wisdom of the homeless and ghosts. Thats a good plan. I would never recommend this movie. First, because the sexual content is unnecessarily graphic, but also because it really does not provide valuable insights. Take a look at "Yentl" if you want to see a much more useful treatment of Jewish tradition compared to society.
