In his first script, based on his own short story "Turn About," William Faulkner delivers a bizarre story about loyalty, sacrifice, and really strange relationships. Originally, the story was only about the characters Tone, Young and Cooper, but MGM had to put Joan Crawford in a different frame to fulfill her contract, and Faulkner pledged to create a female role. Crawford insisted that their lines be written in the same style as their boys 'Young and Tone', which led to much unwanted amusement as these three communicate in a telegraphic abbreviation that sounds like a Monty Python sketch ("Wuthering Heights ") in the semaphore). Seriously, the sentences, which consist almost exclusively of pronouns, let Ernest Hemingway read like Henry James. The film also reflects some familiar Faulkner themes, with an almost unnaturally close relationship between brother and sister (as in his "sanctuary" and elsewhere). When Young suggests Crawford, ALL THREE, in the presence of Tone instead of an engagement ring, trade their childhood-engraved rings together. The proximity of Ton and Jung is also noticeable, especially as they go to their fate of Thelma & Louise. Honestly, it's scary. <br /> <br /> Not as scary to this New Yorker as the recurrent theme of the massive cockroach Wellington that Crawford happily catches (and gamboling at her hands) had to turn!) and Young turns into a gladiator , Sheet. <br /> <br /> Apart from that, there are some nice ideas. Young is particularly involved in a scene where he was inducted into Cooper's fighter plane, and Roscoe Karns is delightful as Cooper's flying buddy. Despite his inability to express himself through a realistic dialogue, Tone has a great moment sweeping away his insidious tears over the fate of his buddy, Young. Crawford, who is also deprived of meaningful dialogue, usually works either in wood or melodramatic, which is a balancing act for a role. <br /> <br /> The fight scenes - not surprising for a Howard Hawks movie - are the most exciting part of the entire picture. But not enough. For me that's 75 minutes of my life, which I'll never get back.
