I am so appalled by this documentation. I am deeply embarrassed and ashamed of the way Puerto Rican people were portrayed. This documentary was not about Puerto Rican culture. It was about the culture of the Nuyoricans. Puerto Ricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not be generalized to the population of Puerto Rico. Rosie, before you make a documentary, you must do the research. You also need to check if your sources are credible. The Puerto Ricans are not all loud and they have lessons, which the documentary came too short. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie on the View and Rosie on Martha Stewart, I was very curious to see what I saw. I even made sure that my parents knew about it, because they love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes, I could not believe the documentary hit the United States and Puerto Rican looked like a bunch of guinea pigs. You must visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not a third world country where more than 50% of the population lives in poverty. Puerto Rico has colleges and well-known universities, roads, cars, malls, shopping malls (the biggest Kmart and JCPenney's I have ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton etc.), casinos, churches, agriculture, Auto Expresso and restaurants, just to name a few. Poverty? NOT 50% of the population is. The Puerto Rican culture is about family, music, food, celebrations, and trying not to go backwards. Oh, and new cousins ​​do not just show up like that. No, that's not a Puerto Rican thing, it's a ghetto thing. We are not bastards. Parents of Puerto Rican descent who want to teach their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a family trip so they can see first-hand what Puerto Rico is all about. You will see its beauty, people and culture. Please do not show them this documentary as this will only cloud their minds with negativity. Oh, and please do not tell your American friends to watch this documentary because it's just that the Puerto Ricans are ignorant. Yes, I was born and raised PUERTO RICAN from the island. Just so you know!
