You have to respect this movie. It may be "just a stupid kids movie," but it's the most requested movie title in online movie forums, requested by people who remember the story but can not remember the title. Therefore follows a much needed, detailed description of action, because I have not found such a description on the Internet. <br /> <br /> In the suburbs a typical two-story house is shown. Seven-year-old Bridget says that something is suspected, as she and her eleven-year-old brother Andrew are getting presents from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's present is a stuffed penguin she calls Sweet William right away. Bridget describes her relatives: Aunt Ruth, a domineering nurse who looks after Grandmother, Grams, the embracing grandmother who makes socks out of dolls, and her brother Andrew, who loves electronics and is grumpy. Grams accidentally sets up the lieutenant governor, suggesting that she interferes with the family. The two children have breakfast while the adults talk about moving Grams to a retirement home. Bridget makes a terrible-looking pancake sandwich with cereal, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, while Andrew watches in disbelief. The two children then discuss grief, and Andrew bluntly says that grams are being "put on pasture." Bridget talks to Grams in the attic, arranges a tea party with Sweet William in her bedroom, then unexpectedly pops a living doll out of her mirror cabinet. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the living doll get to know each other. The curly living female doll is called Huggins and lives in the Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap from Andrew's room. Huggins is hiding under some laundry when Bridget's mom passes by. Then the mother throws the laundry with Huggins in the washing machine. Bridget rescues Huggins and dries them off with a hair dryer. They discuss the problem that Grams is getting old and has to move away. Huggins says Bridget can talk about it with the bookworm in Huggaland because he knows everything. They walk through the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes stays in the mirror. <br/> <br /> Instead of walking around with a shoe, Bridget goes out in Huggaland without shoes. You immediately meet Hugsy, a curly living boy doll in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsy the baseball cap. They also meet with Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the puppets sing a song while sitting on a bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins in his car and sees the bookworm that lives on a pile of huge books. The bookworm consults "the old encyclopedia" and notes that age can be cured by eating the fruits of the "Youngberry Tree". However, there is only one such tree, and he is in the land of shrugs ruled by the Mad Quartz Queen. After shrugs you can only jump through a deep hole, which is in a nearby huge book. Bridget and the two dolls swallow three times, jump out of the hole and rush out. Soon they walk along a sidewalk sidewalk, hear the glass break and fall off the sidewalk when the lateral gravity ends. They encounter "the hairy giant," who looks like a mastodon, has four tusks and triggers his trunk. But Hugsy boldly walks over and hugs the giant, who turns into a baby elephant called Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge had been mesmerized by the Queen and owed Hugsy a favor, so they all ride on Hodgepodd's back to the castle. They enter the castle, are surrounded by troll-like creatures, the queen (Queen Admira) comes, and Bridget asks for some young berries. The queen refuses, then eats one for herself, bragging about her own youthful appearance as she looks into a hand mirror. Hodgepodge faints when the queen says he should be "digested". The queen is upset when Bridget mentions that evil witches should have warts. The Queen freezes Bridget and orders the other three to be taken to the dungeon. But the queen leaves the key to the dome of the young blueberry tree through the lock of the dome lifting device. <br/> <br /> Hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and pulls down his "noodle" (trunk) door of the prison and free himself and the two dolls with him. They find Bridget petrified, the dolls embrace her, reviving Bridget. Before escaping, Bridget finds the left key to the dome of the young blueberry tree, lifts the dome, and they pick glowing young berries and place them in a glass. The queen catches her, but the Queen's arm is trapped under the descending dome and reaches for the key Bridget left on the floor. The queen suddenly becomes very old because she is deprived of juvenile berries and seems to die. Soon, Bridget returns through the mirror to her bedroom, but stumbles to the bottom of the mirror, spilling the berries on her floor, and the berries quickly disappear into smoke, one after the other. Her mother asks her and Andrew to say goodbye to Grams, who goes to a retirement home. Andrew drops his usual grumpy, unconventional facade and hugs Grams. He says he loves her and that he does not want her to go away. Her father is moved and decides to keep Grams there and everyone hugs and weeps, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person who had put pressure on Grams. Andrew asks Bridget about his St Louis Cardinals cap, Bridget starts explaining how she gave it to Huggins from Huggaland, but Andrew does not want to hear what he thinks about their fantasy stories, and then turns around to her in her bedroom to search. One of the dolls secretly gives Bridget the cap through the mirror, Bridget puts the cap on Andrew's head, Andrew is confused and leaves her bedroom without saying anything. Bridget happily waves to the mirror.
