I had high hopes when I heard that it was done in 2001 because as a kid I read "The Devil and Daniel Webster" and I found it very interesting. You have made some changes to the story that are not very meaningful to me. Daniel Webster has been a famous New Hampshire lawyer in history. In the movie he is an editor. A lawyer makes more sense, as he represents Jabez Stone himself against the devil (he was a man in history, but he was a woman in the film), in a process in which both souls are in turn. As an editor, it seems unlikely that Daniel Webster has the capacity. <br /> <br /> The acting was decent of all but Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. These are two actors I like, they just did a terrible job in this movie. It was as if they thought they were acting in a comedy, but the movie was more serious than comedy. This could be partly due to the fact that the film was shot with a certain vision and then edited by someone. Given this fact, it is surprising that it was coherent at all. I was surprised to see a number of SNL performers in the film, which further leads me to believe that he was originally filmed with the intention of being more of a comedy. All in all I would say it was not terrible, but it was not very good. If I could get the one and a half hours back and do something else with it, I would do that. The end was especially disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in the process. Jabez then starts again at the beginning of the film ... literally we are brought back to the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie ends abruptly. It actually looked like they were going to replay Jabez's first scene and called it the end. There is no indication that Jabez benefits from the knowledge or experience gained. So who says he did not repeat his mistakes over and over again and maybe in an endless loop over and over again? It was a very disappointing ending and did not make much sense. The decent cast and acting of all persons except Baldwin and Aykroyd are the only things that do not make the whole thing a complete manure sandwich.
