Was it a comedy or was it a drama? I start this review with this question because the movie I've just seen, Hollywood Shuffle, was neither funny nor dramatic. Although it tried so hard to formulate a point because there was a lack of definition (comedy or drama), the clever topics and sharp remarks were lost. I am firmly convinced that there are still too many racial profiles in Hollywood today, but I do not think that the directorial debut of Townsend has done much to help. Instead, I feel that only more fuel is added to the fire. Townsend's comic timing in this film was catastrophic because the elements he was supposed to make fun of were instead promoted and vice versa. The parts that should have been meant seriously were somehow destroyed by the lack of funny comedy. Townsend had a decent concept with this movie, but unfortunately the execution eventually hurt the movie. If you look at the preview before the movie (which I am constantly doing) you will immediately get a false impression of what you are going to see. The preview gives the impression of a very intelligent, comic film that prides itself on the intelligence of the audience, but the actual film could not be further from the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem with Hollywood Shuffle is not history itself (because it lacks elaboration); it's the direction of Townsend. He had a wonderful concept with this movie. Exploit the Hollywood exploiting our race. Decent idea, but why could not he do it very well? The first reason is that his ideas are too random and sporadic. The structure of this movie was like a heart attack on a monitor in the hospital, we are literally everywhere without warning or card. It was obvious that Townsend had a lot to say, but only a short time to do it. Instead of defining his characters, developing his themes, and actually creating a smart movie, he just throws everything together to make it work. Unfortunately not. Instead of a smart comedy, we have a flood of so many ideas, weird sketches, and under-used actors that this movie is going from decent to almost unsurpassable. What Townsend hurts most is his short, funny interruptions throughout the movie. From a fight against a rogue named Jerry Curl to the parody of Siskel & Ebert - Townsend's attempt to make fun while delivering news about the movie industry. This is because these little intermittent sketches actually distract from the central focus of the movie and actually destroy it internally. While Townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about life in Hollywood, he simply associates with every cliché and cliché in the book. What could have been a beautiful satire turns into simply generic humor that never stands out from the rest. So, if you do not laugh at the humor of this story, there may be some consolation in the knowledge that some of the Wayans brothers are there to spice up this boring story. NOT CORRECT! The Wayans are in this movie, but Townsend shows he can make the worst of it even in this fun family. In any case, in their Pre-In Living Color moments, we see that comedy was something that needed to be constantly improved. Maybe it was the direction of Townsend or just that cruel story, but these typically funny comedians were obviously abused and ignored when it came to critics of the movie. I just thought, with the talent pool that Townsend had to pull out of this Hollywood shuffle, it would have been fun, bright, and a real stab at this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, this was none of the above. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this is a working film. There were a few moments (while they were few and far apart) that had a smile on my face, the end product just did not feel good to me. Townsend can be funny, but in this movie it just felt like he was playing against himself rather than through his personal experiences and problems. I realize he probably told the truth, but it never got through. Instead, we're led by a weak story that supports idiotic Flash clips that were suitable for a sitcom but certainly did not work for that movie. Even for those who comment that this was his directorial debut and that he learned from this film, I would not have to agree. When you start over, you either have a tight script or defined topics. Townsend had none of those possibilities, and combined with the inability to control his actors, he simply failed in a flame ball. Overall this was quite disappointing. It reminded me of a primary school spelling contest where it's finally time for your child to spell. The word is hard, but when the first two to three letters come out, you think it will work perfectly, but then there is the random "P" and the quiet "R" that forces your arousal to fall down , That's how I felt with Hollywood Shuffle. At first I saw the potential, I saw the subject and the motive behind the picture, but through blurry and inexperienced technique and after the first scenes I experienced this deep fall feeling. Townsend has sunk its own ship, and I do not think Hollywood Shuffle will ever again sink into Hollywood cinema as a defining moment. <br /> <br /> Note: * out of *****
