'Set It Off' crashes into the gutter after a brisk but predictable opening scene and continues to sink. This is a film that deals with unpleasant, threadbare stereotypes instead of characters, absurd manipulation instead of coherent conspiracies, and a vile cocktail of resonant sentimentality and unfounded violence rather than thought, joke, or emotion. In short, it's no different from 90% of the Hollywood product. But it is the ethnic angle that makes 'Set It Off' a particularly sad example of contemporary film art. The film is a celebration of the "Sistahood" and is actually a celebration of the most virulent forms of devaluation of the African-American "gangsta" stereotype. The gimmick this time is that the gangsticks wear drag. Not only does the film suggest that gangsterism is a standard identity for all African Americans who have cash or are a bit annoyed by the man, but presents their sistas as superficial materialists who praise money and above all bling. Even worse, 'Set It Off' uses the issue of racial discrimination and deprivation simply as a means to support its weak action structure. Serious race-related social problems are rolled up in a clever and opportunistic manner to justify armed robbery. Once the film has produced the inevitable conventional end in which the crime is punished, it turns out that the LAPD is the case A bunch of caring, guilty liberals (say the Rodney King) and Jada Pinkett Smith, the up-and-coming " "Good Sista, follows the path of upward movement out of the hood into a world of self-centered middle-classness was opened for her by her Buppie Bank Manager friend. "Set It Off" shows the miserable state of contemporary blaxploitation film that leads to inhumane gangsta stereotypes and pretends to celebrate life in the "hood" while always despising it. While "Shaft" and "Superfly" may have had stereotypes and worn-out conspiracies in the 1970s, they had a freshness, an energy, and an innocence that convinced audiences across all races while still making it fun. "Set It Off" would not be worth resenting if it had not been a symptom of the tragic decline and ghettoization of Afro-American filmmaking since the promising breakthrough days of the early 1990s.
