I saw the second part yesterday. And I have to say, it was actually better than the first. In the beginning I realized that it is indeed a sequel, not a remake, but not a good one. I do not like Galactica's old films and series because the Cylons looked like toasters (as mentioned in this new movie) and were completely harmless to the old Galactica. This movie turns the pages - the people were harmless, but the whole movie was totally chaotic and stupid to me. Many scenes were unnecessary, for example the story of the "computer expert" - absolutely a crap. If I was a scriptwriter, I would let him die in his house, killed by the Cylon woman. And the evacuation from the planet? Oh, please, if it were bombarded by 50 megatons (why exactly 50 MT ??) of nuclear weapons, they would be dead by the radiation. And how is it possible that the great Cylon fleet was completely hidden from the attack? Aha, it was possibly this computer virus created by the Cylon - the script was probably written by a ten-year-old schoolboy. The good side of the movie is that people are finally defeated !! Truly defeated, the population is on the verge of extinction (children die - twice in the film explicitly: 1. a baby !!! maybe a month old and a girl up to 10 years old - what a force ...). And the bad guys won, and I think it's the first time in such a science fiction galaxy battle movie. I also appreciate the design of the Cylons (not just of the humanoid Cylon) :-) A good job with these ships - I like the design of the ships of both - humans and Cylons. The human ships are a good version of the old ones. And Galactica - really pretty with these docks, I liked that. But that's all, only the design is not enough. The acting was really bad, the whole action was to be expected (only two things not - the human Cylon on the Ragnardocks and the Human Cylon at the end). The dialogues were trivial (and in the Slovak speckle just stupid no fault of the film). The whole movie looked like a pilot for a series, but who would shoot such a series? What would it be about? One star for design, the second for the extinction of humanity.
