This movie is a mess, but at least it's not overbearing. The boxing art for the video markets it as "fun" for the huge bug films of the 1950s. In fact, this is a transparent deal of "aliens" in the basement. <br /> <br /> The producers clearly wanted to make an "alien" picture, but they did not have much money. In fact, it does not look like they really have any money. I hope everyone got paid who worked on this thing. <br /> <br /> The basic conspiracy is maintained - a group of people isolated with a murderous insect system - and an earthbound location is added for budgetary reasons, I suppose. Instead of taking the movie to space where nobody hears you screaming, the movie is shown in a hospital where everyone can see your budget. The funny thing about "Blue Monkey" (and there is only one amusing thing) is that the filmmakers did not abandon the aesthetics of "ALIEN". Although we are in a hospital, we still have an incredibly serious outhouse where science fiction experiments are performed, in this case the venerable "growth hormone" plumbing. The extension also serves as a boiler room (or so), so we can have an explanation for the monster looking for the heat. The boiler room is so large that it is equipped with multi-level steel bars that are perfect for dropping slime between the slats. The idea is that a man who works in a greenhouse is attacked by an attacker hanging flower from a rare imported plant that grows in an exotic location. He touches it and says "Ow," so we know he got hurt. The incision on his finger causes him to lose consciousness within a few minutes, and in the hospital he produces a white worm through his mouth (in an "ALIEN" image, one would call it the "mouth burster"?). The worm is isolated, but some naughty little children (leukemia patients) sneak up on it and "accidentally" give it experimental growth hormone. They know that everyone is in trouble when some criminal hospital staff members are attacked by a camera on a crane, and soon a maintenance worker finds obligatory cocoons just before being grabbed by two half-convincing insectoid arms. The rest of the movie is dominated by a monster in field mode, partially obscured by the semi-darkness. <br /> <br /> This brings us back to "ALIEN". How, one wonders, can a movie that plays in a hospital record all the flashing strobes that are always in the "ALIEN" movies? No problem ... In the event of a power outage (or so), the electrical system will lose power, causing strobe lights to flower in every room in the hospital and flicker constantly throughout the movie. This is a comfortable coat for the less than special effects (although the bugs look pretty pretty, they do not move so well and the baby bug looks charming like a co-op toy). <br /> <br /> OK, well, what "ALIEN" basis we did not cover ... Oh, water is dripping down the walls! Check ... we divide the huge hospital into two and then send some of the characters through the damp, dripping basement to get to the other side. Problem solved, we now have the opportunity for numerous "unsuspecting tunnel" shots. And do not forget the fog ... well, in horror movies you never really need an apology, right? OK, maybe in a hospital you do, so we make smoke by igniting and burning many things. <br /> <br /> I did not say anything about negligible acting, not that actors are given any kind of script. I suppose "Blue Monkey" should be carefree and funny, and if so, then it's a nice try, but the parts do not come together and the movie becomes a real draw. Watch a movie titled "Return of the Aliens: The Deadly Spawn" if you want to see a movie of this type that does it right, with even less money and even more marginal acting talent. This falls flat on his ALIEN.
