* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * take place in the Pacific Northwest at the turn of the century. Into a muddy, muddy mine warehouse comes John McCabe (a predatory Warren Beatty), full of cigar smoke and big ideas to build a proper salon / whorehouse for the city, full of a trio of saddest whores in film history. He also has an undeserved reputation as a gunslinger: he is too shameful to openly promote him, but is not afraid to use him to claim Alpha Men ID cards among the locals. And so he wrestles the boys with 15 cents per hour in the construction of his salon. <br /> <br /> It seems to be a rather sad operation until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) encounters a startling device half railway car, half car (where did Altman find the thing?). Mrs. Miller immediately accepts McCabe as a business partner, with the goal of organizing the new fugue with the right whores and insisting that all visitors take a bath before they enter. Since McCabe does not know how to add something, she also insists on dealing with the accounts. It's not clear what McCabe's role will be. <br /> <br /> The story is thickening as some oily mining company representatives show up in the city and offer McCabe to buy it for five giants. McCabe tells them to swim away - he holds for fifteen thousand. The company finds negotiations unpleasant, which is why they hire a trio of assassins to simply kill McCabe. , , As unclear as McCabe's look at the Whorehouse partnership, they believe they could manage to assassinate a man in broad daylight in the city center. (Apologizing for this overwhelming plot hole on the grounds that the locals are too shy to speak does not mean that the mustard is out of the question, bearing in mind that the rewards the local marshal offers would be quite tempting.) <br /> <br /> * McCabe and Mrs. Miller *, supposedly "classic Seventies cinema", should be much better than it is. The film tells a pretty good story; The main characters can be interesting. There are some eye-catching scenes, especially one involving a 14-year-old rock-cold murderer. But it's really hard to enjoy a movie when you barely hear what someone is saying and when you barely see what someone is doing. Once again this director kidnaps his own movie with sheer laziness and sloppiness. According to the trivia sheet here on IMDb, the editor of the film Altman noted that the sound was muddy; Altman did not agree; and when everyone said that the sound was muddy after the release of the film, Altman accused the publisher. (Fine.) In addition to the bad sound of the film looks cruel. Only Robert Altman can hire a first-rate DP like Vilmos Zsigmond and make a film that looks like they're spraying the camera lenses with dirty rinse water. Reviewers here, who praise the "dark brown glow" of this picture, have to fool me. The interiors are shot through a seemingly dark scum. The outdoor photography is even worse: It's as if Altman had set up 500 smoke machines behind the lush trees. During the climax of Beatty's escape from the assassins while the local church is on fire, Altman insists on veiling the view with an animated snowfall reminiscent of a Rankin Bass Christmas special. <br /> <br /> Look - I can not watch a movie under these conditions. If you learn how to place boom microphones, if you remove all the annoying "Altman-like" dialogue, and if you wipe the lenses with Windex or something else, contact me. 3 out of 10 stars.
