How they got Al Pacino to play in this movie is incomprehensible to me. This movie is absolutely terrible. After reading some of the other reviews, I discovered that a few people really enjoyed the movie, which deeply confuses me because I do not see anyone with brains enjoying a movie as horribly as Revolution. Not only is it a bad movie, with a lame plot and a very weird totality, but it seems that the filmmakers are either mentally retarded (which is a very good explanation of why this movie is as shitty as it does) is probably still poor even compared to other retards' films, or has consciously made every illogical decision to suck this movie as much as possible - for example, we see Donald Sutherland walking around with a huge, fat ugly mole on his face The mole does not contribute to his character, it's extremely ugly and distracting, it's not like the mole of Robert De Niro, it's much worse, why the hell does he have this mole? Filmmakers just say, "Let's see, how can we make this movie any worse than it already is? I know, let's give Mr. Sutherland a huge, ugly mole right on his face. "<br /> <br /> Another example of the stupidity of filmmakers is the character Ned. For the first three quarters of the movie we see the young Ned. At one point, "six months later" appears on the screen. We'll see Ned again, and of course it's the same actor who plays the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen, and suddenly we play another actor than the now older Ned. What do you think, are we idiots? Good God! It's as if the filmmakers say, "How can we possibly make it worse? I do not think we ... Oh wait, I just had a terrible idea!" I know that a child does not grow much in half a year, which is okay, but at least it is growing faster than in three weeks. Just do not take another actor, or take him at least five minutes when he's three weeks younger. In addition, the child playing the "older" Ned does not look any older than the "young" Ned. In fact, he just looks completely different, much thinner and no bigger or older than the original actor, which is very confusing since, like any reasonable person, I first thought it was a new and different character. <br /> <br /> What did the first child die when they made the film? Because he spent the first hour and a half, and suddenly, three weeks later, the guy from Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels plays the last five minutes of Ned. And even if the original actor had died, the filmmakers would have at least gotten an actor who looks like him to play the rest of his role, and resume the five minutes of "six months later" scenes. Better yet, just kill the movie completely, never finish it, never publish it, never tell anyone about it, because at that point, they should have realized that their movie was shit, and at the end they would just be wasting more time, money, and success to make one of the worst films of all time. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that this movie is so bad that you should not watch it. It's so bad that you should see it, just to see how bad it is. It's terrible, terrible.
