Brilliant actor like him, Al Pacino is completely revolting the revolution ?? His Method Acting approach is totally unsuitable for the role of an illiterate in the American Revolutionary War. Much of the blame should be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who had made Chariots Of Fire just a few years earlier?) About a comeback !!). One of the many tasks of a director is to march the actors and to lure them credible performances. In this case, however, Hudson allowed Pacino to run amok without demanding any restraint. However, it is not just Al's career hurdle that is hindering the film: there are many other shortcomings of the revolution, of which more is said. <br /> <br /> The illiterate trapper Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north-eastern region of America with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). He leads a simple life? live off the land, raise his son and survive against the elements. The country is ruled by the English colonialists, but during a period of eight years (1775-83) a revolution takes place that ends with the defeat of the British and the birth of the independent American nation. Dobb gets involved in the events when his boat and son are drafted by the Continental Army? Torn by the events that they can barely understand, the Dobbs fight for their lives and their freedom in one bloody mission after another. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and fiery wife of British aristocracy. Their forbidden love takes place against the larger historical context of the fighting. <br /> <br /> Where should the mistakes of the film be started? Most leading actors are wrong? Pacino has already been criticized enough, but Kinski does not fare much better as the renegade aristocrat, while Donald Sutherland is hopelessly lost as a reckless English soldier with a rickety Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's script is confused in his attempts to bring massive historical events to a personal level. At no point does anyone seem to have decided whether this should be an intimate character study of the American Revolution as a background or an epic war movie with a handful of sharply drawn characters tearing the story. As a result, the narrative falls into the no-man's-land and flutters indiscriminately and meaninglessly from the "big drama" to the "little story". John Corigliano's score is pretty scary and is neither thoughtfully nor subtly cast over the process. Hugh Hudson's direction is consistently awkward, both in terms of his mismanagement of Pacino and the other leading actors, as well as the decision to use disturbingly shaky camera work during the action sequences. The idea of ​​the handheld camera is to create immediacy? the feeling of "being there" in the confusion of fight and musket fire. Like so many other things in the movie, it does not work. The only section where the film gains a degree of integrity is the details of the period, with costumes, sets, and weapons looking consistent. However, if it is about time details, you are interested in a trip to the museum. This would be a better way to spend your time, because as a rousing cinematic experience, Revolution does not even begin to rank. No more than a £ 18,000,000 bomb that the battered British movie industry could barely afford in the mid-1980s.
