What a great word "thinking" is. Is not that what they call Dawn of the Dead (2004)? A smart word indeed - it obscures the notion everyone has grown to hate, that is, "remake," and it almost sounds like the process of creation is creative and involves imagination. Well, damn, I was misled. At least, I was more seduced by the idea of ​​countless bruises and unrestrained violence than by the idea of ​​"re-imagining," though it did matter. <br /> <br /> Why should you make a remake anyway? Directors do so for just a few reasons: to update a movie for a modern audience, or because they personally love and appreciate the original. A tribute, if you want. However, in general (I admit to granting exceptions), it generally goes one far: stealing a person's idea and transforming it (or "rethinking") so that those who would never see or understand them would pay money. It's like Coles '/ Cliffs' notes; Drain everything in a blender, clean up everything puzzling and curious and add a few artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing program. <br /> <br /> So what's up with this one? Well, I start with what I liked. I liked the opening scenes. Thanks to CGI and a larger budget, we could actually understand the chaos of the zombie holocaust that Romero attempted to communicate through minimalist means in the original. We see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look beautiful on the screen. Then everything falls apart. <br /> <br /> This setup does not lead anywhere. The movie makes like almost every remake. It adds more of everything except character, atmosphere and history. It is louder, (in a sense) bloodier and full of main characters that seem to die only in nonsensical subplots. The setting, the mall, which has played a crucial role in the history and theme of the original film, is purely by chance. The idea communicated in Romero's film, the sheer ecstatic joy of having "a mall for itself as a fortress" has disappeared here. Besides, this "re-imagining" has no moxie, no ghost, no balls. It is (probably quite right) assumed that the audience has no attention span and is not interested in the characters or the story. The film is rushed and misses the quieter interactions of the four characters of the original. In fact, they did look after these people in Romero's version because their existence, despite the madness outside the mall, had a certain amount of realism. Here you do not care when or who goes: what counts is how they go. <br /> <br /> What else can you say? The movie is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and tries to balance the rest with gore and loud special effects. As a story, it's really too choppy to be followed, and the conflicts between the characters are too underdeveloped to save them. The humor is reduced to a few one-liners (and a really good character: Andy). What is left after that? An ending that is simply ridiculous and far inferior to the muted, inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But though this is a pretty bad movie (albeit not as bad as other remakes), remember one thing above all: it's kicking the Passion of the Number One at the box office. Well done zombies.
