This movie is a pure Hollywood hokum. It's based on a novel called "Not Too Narrow Not Too Deep" by Richard Sale, which may have been interesting or not, it would need to be researched to find out! The story of the film requires many incidents and background that The film was either brutally edited or the script was a mess from the beginning, and there is not a millisecond that is realistic in the distance, either in terms of events It's pure Hollywood fantasy in every way, and two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are so little used and wasted that it makes no sense at all to be in the movie, they have to into the mixture, where a piece of omelette is sprinkled with chopped chives in the hope that the taste will be improved is a cumbersome attempt to produce a "moral story" and is so hackneyed that it is ridiculous. The story is about hardened criminals who are imprisoned in French Guiana and want to flee their French colonial prison through a jungle (in the Hollywood jungle with a rubber band). Of course, there must be a woman in the story, and Joan Crawford calls it a shitty fool who, for some reason, becomes irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the escaped criminals. While escaping through the jungle, Crawford wears high-heeled shoes and keeps her make-up fresh. Gable flirts and grimaces and makes a dirty expression. He frowns, as was his habit, grinning and watching everyone what his acting style was. It's hard to treat such a character as a hardened criminal if he's always trying so hard to be Clark Gable that he certainly will not have time to be a thief. (People who seek attention are by definition too busy to steal and unfit for a task that requires people NOT to see them.) The whole escapade is so ridiculous that it can only be considered light entertainment. An attempt at religiosity and "depth" is made by injecting into the story a mysterious "angel of mercy" who voluntarily goes to jail and pretends to be an inmate. He helps with the escape and accompanies all criminals and ministers to their different deaths and helps them to find "peace" in their last breaths. This character is played very well by Ian Hunter, who preserves a convincing atmosphere of secret knowledge, enigmatically smiles, makes cryptic prophetic remarks, and has a small spot on his face that gives him a heavenly glow. The theme should be redemption. You could call it the Donald Duck version of Hollywood Goes Moral and Gets Heavy. For true depth, Hitchcock's 1953 "I Confess" shows how it really should be done. In contrast, this trivial nonsense shows how nifty the cabinets of Meaning were in Tinsel Town, and that if they were looking for something that might mean something, all they could imagine was just tinsel.
