The author of numerous novels, plays and short stories, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965), was one of the great authors of the world during his lifetime, and although his reputation has waned over the years, his work still has critical respect great reading audience. THE RAZOR'S EDGE was released in 1944 and tells the story of a World War I veteran whose quest for spiritual enlightenment flies in the face of flat Western values. It was Maugham's last significant novel - and he was immensely popular. Since the conflicts in the novel are internalized spiritual and philosophical issues, this was also a very strange choice for a movie version - but 20th Century Fox's Darryl F. Zannuck fell in love with the book and grabbed screen rights shortly after the release , <br /> <br /> According to tradition, THE RAZOR'S EDGE was directed by the legendary George Cukor after a script by Maugham himself - and it seems Maugham wrote an adaptation. However, when the film went into production, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a director less known for artistic touch than for a kind of worker, and the Maugham script was replaced by Lamar Trotti, the author of such memorable scripts as THE OXBOW ACCIDENT Tyrone Power, who had recently returned from military service during World War II, was cast as the Spiritual Conflict of Larry Darrell; Gene Tierney, one of the great beauties of her time, was cast as a celebrity Isabell Bradley. The side cast was particularly noteworthy, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lanchester. Both the budget and the schedule were very elaborate, and when the film debuted in 1946, it was admired by audiences and critics alike. <br /> <br /> But time has a way to put things in perspective. THE RAZOR'S EDGE is a beautifully produced movie today. Apart from that, one can say that it reaches a fairly consistent mediocrity. As in most cases, the main problem is the script. Although it is reasonably close to Maugham's novel in terms of plot, it is noticeably wrong in character, and it completely misses the basic issues driving the story. We are told that Larry is in search of enlightenment; we are told that he receives it; We are told that he responds - but despite the occasional and largely superficial comments, we are never really told anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes behind it. In particular, we are never told anything essential about the nature of the Enlightenment itself. It has the effect of cutting off the story on your knees. <br /> <br /> We stay with the shell of Maugham's plot, which focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabell, a woman Larry loves, but leaves her growing ideological reef that opens between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were more known for physical beauty than for talent, but both could do well if they received solid support for directing and scripts. Unfortunately, this does not happen here; They are extremely monotonous and power is a big mistake. Fortunately, the side cast is pretty good, especially Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb, and Lucille Watson. However, the then famous performance of Anne Baxter has not worn as well as you would have hoped. <br /> <br /> With a running time of just under two and a half hours, the film also feels unnecessarily long. There are seemingly endless banterings of a cocktail party, and indeed the whole Indian sequence (which reads as something weird) would have been better cut completely - a weird situation, because that very sequence is at the heart of the entire movie. Regardless of the scene, everything seems to be going to a real point. <br /> <br /> As far as the DVD itself is concerned, the movie was not remastered, but the print is extremely good. The bonus package is not very memorable and not too bad either. All in all, I give THE RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for production values ​​and the willingness of everyone to accept the material - but to be honest, this is a movie that has left the best power and Tierney fans to enjoy for the stars and those whose ideas of spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the movie itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazon Reviewer
