What if Somerset Maugham had written a novel about a miner who decided to seek transcendental education by trying to join a country club? If he had it, he could have called it The Razor's Edge because the Katha Upanishad tells us, "The sharp edge of a razor is hard to cross, so the wise men say the way to salvation is hard." But Maugham chose to stay with the well-bred class, and so we have carefully maintained Darryl F. Zanuk's version of Larry Darrell, who recently returned from World War I, well-connected in society, and determined to become a miner Find. <br /> <br /> Or, as Maugham says, "This is the young man I write about, he is not famous, and when his life finally comes to an end, he will leave no trace." From his stay on this earth, when a stone thrown into a river on the water surface, it may be that the way of life, which he has chosen for himself, can have an ever greater influence on his fellow human beings, so that this takes a long time After his death, it may turn out that at that time lived a very remarkable creature. "<br /> <br /> The Razor's Edge has the cultural flavor of Zanuck that money can buy, it's so serious, so sincere ... so important, while Larry does his quest for wisdom, in mines , working on merchant ships, climbing a Himalayan mountain to learn from an ancient wise man, we have his selfish girlfriend Isabel, played by Gene Tierney, his tragic kiddy pal, played by Anne Baxter, the snobbery of the girlfriend and the perfectly dressed uncle , played by Clifton Webb, and Willie Maugham herself, played by Herbert Marshall, notes The film is so insatiable in terms of kindness that Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton is the only thing that cheers him up a bit. "When I turn a hundred years old, I'll never understand how a young man can get to Paris without formal wear. "Webb has some good lines, but we appreciate Clifton Webb and not Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck wanted a Pr estige hit for Twentieth Century when he bought the rights to Maugham's novel. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was dismissed from military service. He made sure there were dozens of well-dressed extras, a score that sounded like a cathedral, and he even wrote some of the scenes themselves. The effort is as confident as a fat man holding a rented tuxedo wearing. Despite Hollywood's views on things in The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that hard work does not educate most people, just fatigue and low pay. <br /> <br /> After nearly two and a half hours, we finally see Larry carrying his bag aboard a tramp steamer in a storm. He will work his way back from Europe to America with a satisfied smile on his face. "My dear," says Somerset Maugham at the same time to Isabel in a lavishly decorated salon, "Larry has found what we all want and what few of us ever get, I do not think anyone can feel better." nobler, friendlier, to know him. You see, my love, goodness is the greatest power in the world ... and he has it! "Larry and the audience need a healthy dose of Dramamin. <br /> <br /> Maugham was a good writer of plays, novels, essays, and short stories, and to see how the films can do it, look at them like some His short stories in Encore, Trio and Quartet are brought to the screen and instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, spend some time with Lawrence Durrell and the Alexandria Quartet is a good read.
