In the summer of 1979, when this movie was an integral part of HBO's new movie medium, Gas Line Summer & Iranian Hostage Crisis Summer was. A shift in sentiment was nearing the end of low-budget feature films, though "Smokey & the Bandit" took a couple of years to make fast turns as roadrunner cartoons with live action. "Corvette Summer" is as quirky as any other movie like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry", though lighter and sexier than most. Kenneth (Hamill), a graduate high school automobile genius, hitchhikes to Vegas to track the car thieving ring that destroyed his shop-class masterpiece, a right-hand drive super-custom Vette. In the spiritual limbo of the I-15 desert (see "Fear and Horror in Las Vegas") he climbs into a custom van (yes, this was also the end of the Van Craze) who was tricked as a mobile brothel naughty, aspiring hooker Vanessa (Potts), on her way to Sin City to make her, well, whatever it is, make ambitious hookers. VANESSA, do you understand? The shy, innocent Kenneth has gone nuts in Vegas, only with his very American determination and his new boyfriend to help him, although the hard-hitting young call girl is probably less worldly than it seems at first glance. Why, at the age of "I am a woman", Vanessa invested her talent, her money and her future in the oldest, but least worthy profession in the world, such as college or the hairdressing industry. This can be explained by young men who all like to believe women at least consider the joys of this career path. Do you remember the target group, right? Hamill is a good choice for the white bread Kenneth (the car does not even belong to him personally, but his school), who does not let himself be diverted by violence, money or even love - until he finds out why the car was really stolen. Potts acts with style and energy, but Vanessa is too unbelievable to be the most credible testosterone machine. The bad guys are made surprisingly human, especially the always good Brion James. But there is not much action and this is not the kind of movie that can be worn by dialogues, plot twists or heavy topics. You could always reach up, turn the TV, and connect your Pong console. The similar but meaner vehicle "Stingray" by Chris Mitchum, which appeared around the same time, consisted of lamer drama, but more skin, speed and chaos. The best features of any movie could have been a Vette movie worth remembering. So the Trans Am stayed in the Muscle Car Showroom at the cash register. Lost Drive-in is another forgotten car movie released from the Weekly Speed ​​Weekly series.
