54 is a film about a club with this title in the environment of the 70s. It features the classic handsome bartender. The sexy women. The powerful owner. The Party When everything is intertwined, chaos ensues, and the bartender (played by Phillipe) seems to be the brunt of everything. <br /> <br /> I will be as dull and honest as possible while excluding any unfair or untrue comments (like, it's an "ok" movie). I think it's really a totally horrible movie that is complemented by its terrible cast. Every time I sit down to watch a movie in which Salma Hayek is casting, I'm always looking forward to seeing her beauty, which is simultaneously beaming with a great performance, but reality always reminds me all of a sudden, how completely talentless she is. I mean, really, how has she ever left the masses apart from her immense table dance in "From Dusk Till Dawn" ...? The same goes for Ryan Phillippe, another poor actor who does not put anything on the screen, except for his good looks and his ludicrously blunt exterior, otherwise known as "drama." Mike Myers, is not quite as bad as these two, he gives the film at least something worthy. She played the shabby, extrovert co-founder of the club. The way the majority of viewers would hate (ie, do the job well done) brings him to a somewhat convincing performance that gave me rare enjoyment of the movie. But it is not enough to save the film from the groundless and flat nothingness. The most "bad" bad movies I find out of the movie, but that really does not mean anything. Neve Campbell is not that bad, but she's just "there". The plot is boring, it seems the writer is more interested in a film of this style and embellishment and forgot to add anything else. Every meaning. Anything at all. Because like most of the ornaments, these are only hollow, meaningless objects that are only pretty to look at, very similar to the basis of this catastrophic film. <br /> <br /> Really one and a half hours I could have spent spending it is better to do something much more exciting talking to the 90-year-old relatives by phone about the weather.
