If you met your teenager like you did in the 70s, you probably remember the stories about Studio 54, whether you like disco or not. An exclusive club that was the perfect symbol of 70's culture overflow and absorption. There's even an excellent VH1 documentary about the club that could tell you everything you wanted to know about its heyday, and the stories are light enough to make a very compelling film. Unfortunately that is not the case. 54 follows the lives of some of his employees, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a busboy by the name of Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a rock girl, Anita (Selma Hayek) and, of course, the master's ceremonies themselves, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers ). While the buzz in the club is well represented, this film is more about the personal lives of the workers, coming closest to Shane's story. <br /> <br /> The film works in bursts. Sometimes it perfectly captures the superficiality of the culture of nightlife (for example, when Shane is taken to a dinner party and does not know who "Errol Flynt" is), and sometimes she grows into hokey melodrama. Part of it is included in the premise. to follow the subhumans as they mingle in the world of the rich and the fabulous? However, much of this is due to the child-treated treatment that will treat both the club and Rubell throughout the movie. While Rubell electrified the scene in New York every night with his penchant for exaggerated spectacle and his exclusive handpicking of the crowds, the rampant drugs and sexuality are only briefly touched on; and Rubell himself, while mentioning his excesses, is strangely positive for a man who was a liar in life, a cheater, a drug addict, and promiscuous as hell. Not that I was looking for the man to be pilloried here, but his ego contributed directly to the fall of his club and the decline in the nightlife culture he had raised. A final scene, in which he looks paternal down on the patrons, is so emotionally wrong that he is obviously absurd. Meyers strives to capture Rubell, but he has so little to do that it is surprising is effective; but he is good and helps to anchor the film. Philippe, whom I generally find to be a good actor, is hampered here by the superficiality and stupidity of his character; He's limited to a smile with a deer in the spotlight or a grim, uncomprehending frown, and even he can not translate that into a strong performance. Hayek and Meyer are both fine again, signed by the script, and Neve Campbell? prominently on the DVD cover? So short does she really seem to have a lengthy cameo. <br /> <br /> For some reason I still find myself interested or even fascinated by the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But even if it is, this is not a movie that keeps me busy, in spite of the inclination to like it. I would say that if this era or club has any interest in you, look for the VH1 special rather than this mid-of-the-road melodrama.
