At first glance, Ruiz has set out to make a psychological thriller. Although not as satisfying as a classic piece in this genre, there are compensations. The tensions between Huppert and Balibar as women arguing calmly but calculatingly about a boy both claim to be compelling; However, in a true European style of arthouse, Ruiz does not relieve us of this tension, as the women, in turns, also try to be compassionate to one another. The only sublime voice is that of Huppert's awakening from a nightmare (an undisputed irrational event in the movie). If we follow the title, the thriller skeleton of the movie is as little as Jane Campion's on average. Instead, it is an inter-psychological psychological study focused on men. Young Camille (Nils Hugon) chooses a practical joke by playing his mother against an emotionally vulnerable other woman. Both women seem to sneak rather than scold, and this reinforces the problem. In the background is an excessive psychologist (Charles Berling), who quickly deals with the women of his life - his sister Huppert, the nanny or his father - and acts as a symbolic adult against the quiet and (we learn) manipulative Camille. It is particularly interesting that, as the father of Henry James, The Turn of the Screw, the law enforcer of Denis Podalydes is absent for the duration of the film. Ruiz transforms an oedipal moment from Huppert's reaction to his return to the film's conclusion. <br /> <br /> The film, read as either a thriller or a psychiatric essay, is ultimately rather disappointing. I'm officially pretty tired of Mme Huppert's screen method, which is to be buried. So I'll see her on stage before returning to her (European - Heaven's Gate) movies. The support is good. Ruiz does not do the occupation any favor. Aside from a few low-light conditions and some mind-boggling attitudes, it's as if his direction has left the characterization completely out of reach - I especially think of Edith Scob's shamanic neighbor to Isabelle, who seems knowledgeable but confused. The set pieces are not connected to a forward movement - the tension that I have already pointed out is not only weakly dissipated, but also wasted in their directional potential. Do you want to see a good contemporary French thriller? Go to L'Appartement instead. 4.10
