I absolutely despise this movie. No wonder Jose Larraz once rejected it and declined to talk about it. I admire Larraz's work, especially his obscure slasher / sex-maniac thrillers like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work has an inescapable artistry that he apparently can not shut down, partly due to his side career as a painter and caricaturist. It's too bad he never made a western, his vision would have been perfect. <br /> <br /> BLACK CANDLES is without a doubt his infamous film and probably his most famous film after the masterpiece VAMPYRES. The notoriety revolves around a scene in which a Satanic convent performs a bizarre rite, extracting a goat's reproductive fluid - symbolizing the beast - as a form of disgusting balm used to make the Waif a sister of one murdered man prepare her role as the bride of Satan. The scene in question is staged in a way that looks quite convincing even without the depiction of a plumber's gadget fitted to the goat. She relies on the histrionics of the recruited actress to play the supplicant in the ritual, and many guttural songs The film's recycled music comes from a half-dozen films attributed to Jacinto Molina. The perverse nature of the scene is more implied than shown in graphic details, somewhat enhanced by the knowledge that the petitioner is indeed the daughter of the satanic priest in his teens. Mine, but they enjoyed putting together this movie. <br /> <br /> The problem is that there is not much to deconstruct or to think about, except for the thin story derived from ROSEMARY'S BABY, in which a woman was weaned into her role as Satan's bride by a sophisticated one League of Satanists who live in the hedgerows of a very uncanny Great Britain. Led by Eurohorror Sensation Helga Line, these satanists are made up of doctors, lawyers, landowning magnates, and other upper crust dignitaries who owe their professional success to their veneration of the devil. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours. Just watch who you sell to repay minor personal conflicts, or you'll end up being tortured with a sword. The film seeks to combine this intoxicating satanic journey with oodles or cross-border graphic sex, and rightly should be a kind of climax or climax of the Spanish sex and horror traditions, some of which were made public by Mr. Molina & Ms. Line Amazing bloomed under the disapproving eye of a generalissimo Franco, the dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. During his life, his decree lived that the Spanish cinema should be free of graphic representations of sex on the canvas. Spanish directors have often made two versions of their films, one with sex for their own screens and one with the fornication for export. As difficult as it was for the filmmakers to express themselves, the result was a kind of interesting tension that usually arises when artists flirt with the forbidden: the Spanish horror of the '70s has a very special taste, which is, so to speak, an acquired taste , It is not for everyone. <br /> <br /> But in a bizarre turn of events, without Franco's influence on their culture, the Spanish horror of the late '70s dried up when his Gothic castles and demonic orgies suddenly turned out to be passé compared to new sensations like JAWS and the STAR WARS phenomenon. And without Franco's compulsion, they were suddenly a barrage of open-hearted graphic thrillers that fell out of the pipes in the late '70s / early' 80s, of which BLACK CANDLES is perhaps best known for preferring sexual deviancy with an animal on the barn. Larraz's great horror films have always revolved around sexual taboos (the Lesbianism of VAMPYRES, the incest of SCREAM AND DIE & DEVIATION), but this is where the depravity affects the rest of the production. Nobody cares about anything but the traditionally censored trip to the Goat Barn, and watching a cut version without a scene in the barn is almost an exercise in futility. The sex is not graphic enough to be rated as porn, and the showers are not intimidating enough to be considered horror. <br /> <br /> So, BLACK CANDLES is essentially a behavioral study. Here's how senior British Satanists might behave in their remote villas in the West Midlands or whatever. Between the sex scenes, the actors / actresses sit around and lead many discussions. The best the movie promises is an undeniably oppressive atmosphere of claustrophobia. Most of his actions take place in the narrow interiors of Ms. Line's Villa. Almost all of the ways of fornication are hinted at, so fans of softcore sex trumps will be amused with a touch of supernatural horror, and of course, the deputy sex criminals among us will choke their chickens in the goat barn scene. But the film's final conclusion is stupid, presumptuous, insulting the intelligence, and probably perfect for such an otherwise oblivious exercise in applied sleaze. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without the goat barn this movie is just not the same and with the scene it is probably too much for most viewers. Larraz was right to deny it.
