Note that a movie is alien and dark and the stars of Catherine Zeta-Jones are not necessarily good. This is the case with 'Blue Juice', a British film from 1995 about an unlikely group of surfers who seems to be an even less likely place for surfers (for a stupid American): Cornwall, England. You may think that this is the prerequisite for an amusing, quirky little comedy. If only. The movie is just over ninety minutes long, but it seems endless. The easiest way to describe it is a kind of '90s' British version of 'Grease' without dancing, but even that sounds better than it is. No, the best way to take it is a little piece of life in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman who lives with a surf instructor JC (Sean Pertwee, you remember him). Pertwee is actually the star of the movie, and his character is something of a surf legend for a small group of surfer followers, the necessary dwarfed group of free spirits who inevitably inhabit such films. In this case, it's a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former nightclub DJ who wants to become a record producer, and a fat nerd guy who gets stoned into an unnecessarily extended scene and loses all his inhibitions, of course the best out of what ever happened to him. I can not honestly say that everything that happens in 'Blue Juice' is predictable because it is in one place and reflects customs and customs that I'm not very familiar with, but it's certainly nothing surprising or even interesting What happens there or there with the characters. The comedy, however, is very predictable and tired. You can feel the setups a mile away and almost recite the dialogue (of course in American form) before the actors do it. The relationship between JC and Chloe is just as choppy. She wants him to grow up. He wants them to remain the boisterous teenagers who they were originally. He is afraid of losing face with his gang; she thinks he prefers to prefer her. You have the idea. As I struggled to focus on the topic of "Blue Juice," I ended up finding that this was one and a half hours of my life and that I would never come back.
