After about five minutes, I saw where this was going to lead. A bunch of schoolchildren are angry at the school administration and stir up the idea of ​​rebellion. I said to my friend: When it falls below 5 at IMDb, I read a book. It was 5.0, so she persuaded me to keep watching. What are the good things? Well, it's a good thing that this movie has no story, because the editing would certainly distract you from it. It's like the drawing of a student who was torn to pieces by one of the teachers. The entire footage for this film was cut in an unusual accident with a meat grinder and destroyed half of the warehouse, while the other half was put together in two seconds bits. Even in a ten second scene of local television news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. And then the montages. This is all set to electronic music, which warns you against further mounting, so that you like Pavlov's dog every time you hear them twitch, which is about every three minutes. Oh, I should say, what's good about this movie. Well, the movie was shot very well, with a nice color palette that matched well with the emotional content of the scenes. Okay, now with the main flaw of the movie, and it was not the story or the absence of it. The director has made this fatal mistake of misleading you about people and situations, not by clever storytelling, but by being very picky about what to show about the main characters. That's just scam. I think he did it to make the central character more sympathetic. But it just got annoying. If the story is full of holes, repairing it by trying to misguide the viewer is not a good way to fix it. And often it did not make sense. And then the end. Basically, it turns out that the main villain of peace is an okay man, albeit a coward. Besides, it turns out what the whole point of the film was, that you should turn yourself upside down for a just cause, through the aforementioned misleading, and make it a point about the kind of revolutions that has already been done , and much better from the pet farm. It was also committed what I call the Bill Cosby sin: No matter how things look at first glance, adults are always right in the end, and children are always wrong. And let's be honest: if you're not me, that's just not true.
