Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the head chef and owner of a famous California restaurant. He has a pretty wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant, and a beautiful son of about five. Sammy, in fact, loves his family, but like Dr. He has a double life with Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, he has sex with many different women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) tries to help him. OK, it's my fault: I've read the summary of other IMDB user comments, I've seen the IMDB user rating, but I really did not believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could attend such a bad movie. I have decided to check it, and actually some comments are very confident. The story, the script, and the dialogues are so stupid and ridiculous that even in some X movies we can find smarter stories. The photography is so amateurish and naive that it was apparently taken by a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres has no sense of ridicule: an old bald-headed man would be acceptable in an ad for Viagra or the boy's grandfather. But as an attractive man, who has sex with every woman and has sex, that's scary. He may have had a chance in Wood Allen's comedy, but in a "serious" movie that's funny. I'm trying to figure out why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski have agreed to take part in this horrible, amateur and trash movie. Do you need money? Lack of opportunities in better movies due to their age? Are you friends of the "director" (sorry to have used this word) and decided to help him and promote him? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette's intention was to show her breasts full of silicone, but it's unacceptable for such a great actress to accept such a script. The same applies to the beautiful Nastassja Kinki. It is presented in bold, without make-up, without glamor. A total disrespect for one of the most beautiful actresses in cinematic history. One fact really intrigues me: how can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this garbage, give higher ratings or write favorable comments about this film? Are you friends of the "director" (again I use this word ...) or the cast? It sounds very strange that a normal IMDB reader can like such a movie. My voice is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Viciado Em Sexo" ("Addicted In Sex")
