This trashy B-movie tries to mask itself as a study on sexual addiction, but is really a bad excuse for a sexplo movie. The story revolves around Sammy Horn (subtle name) by Michael Des Barres. Sammy is a restaurant owner with an unsuspecting wife Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a small child. He is sexually addicted and has to have senseless sex every five minutes with a woman in his field of vision who will agree (and of course every woman on the planet is irresistible even though he looks old enough to earn social security). <br /> <br /> At the center of the story is a conversation with his therapist (Nastassja Kinski), in which he describes each of his sexual exploits through flashback. This is nothing more than a convenient starting point for a serial sex act parade that takes up at least 75% of the screen time. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know where to criticize a movie so badly. The production values ​​are miserable. The film is shot on video with a look between a TV soap opera (at best) and an amateur porn movie in a garage. The direction of Joseph Brutsman is terrible with poor lighting conditions, uninspired framing and bad direction. The script is vapid and the dialogue mindless and vulgar. <br /> <br /> Women are generally portrayed as sex-obsessed nymphomaniacs who are just waiting for an addict like Sammy to come over and shake them up while feeding their insatiable appetite with some impersonal copulation. As an example, Grace's sister comes over to inform Sammy indignantly that she knows he has slept around and that she will tell his wife about it. His answer is to throw her against the wall and rape her. After about three seconds she has an epiphany and is immediately converted to one of his sex disciples who asks him to give her more. Just as they're done, Grace walks in and sis tells her, "Oh, nice to see you, I have to go to pick up Timmy" and Mama's word about Sammy's indiscretions. The bond of loyalty was sealed with a good ramification. No spoiler here, because it is so typical of the film's obvious nature that anyone who had seen the first fifteen minutes could have predicted it. The sex images are all exaggerated, mechanical and so poorly simulated that they are weird rather than erotic. Most of them are finished with both participants. The spectacle is miserable. Michael Des Barres presents the depth of a puddle of rain. He really seems to be concerned with the thrusting and obscenity of sex games, but when it comes to actually acting with Arquette and Kinski, he stays behind. Rosanna Arquette is closest to the actor in this film. She gives a tolerable performance and looks really hurt when she finally discovers that her perfect husband is a lustful beast. Nastassja Kinski is too sympathetic as a therapist, but at least we have something to do here. The rest of the cast is just a collection of elevated body doubles that make them think, like "Strike me stronger, is that the best you can do?" and "Oh, God YES". <br /> <br /> This film is one of the worst I've ever seen, a dubious distinction in the face of the thousands of films I've seen. I gave him the extremely rare disgrace of rating them 1/10. Not to be seen within three hours before a meal.
