You can not deny that we have an affinity for speed. That's why films like Fast and the Furious, Dhoom and Rempit are played to the satisfaction of the public, especially the local. We live on a tiny island, and I can not understand why most of us want to owe debt because of the relative efficiency of the public transport system by owning a set of wheels that are taxed at 100% when they reach our shores the innumerable Taxes and invoices payable at the service. Not only that, the top sports cars were once berated by a prominent politician in the north, that they will never reach the fourth gear, so they do not reach the sea. <br /> <br /> And these films are relatively easy to do. Hot Wheels and Hot Chicks always work well together to reach the required target group. For once, these deep necklines, showing sinister triplets and short skirts with two-meter-long legs, can not compete with the attention of those beautiful curves that exotic cars have in movies like these. Of course, among us (um), there are those who opt for sexists to portray women as mere sexual objects (otherwise, explain why motor shows come with truckloads of models, and movies like these can not get along without a long-legged model in a frame ), But they do not guarantee the kind of collective orgasmic sighs when the four-wheelers appear on the screen, even if they do nothing exactly and bring their gears into park. The guy sitting next to me, I swear he wet his pants every time his dream cars pop up, and scratched his pants even more as he groaned that growling engine. <br /> <br /> The fan boys who have come in droves to see which of the coolest cars in the movie can be seen. With the Fast and the Furious franchise, the Japanese models such as Evos and Skylines are as much in focus as the GT. Here the Ford GT gets an incredibly sloppy facade modification that impresses me, alongside the latest models like Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GTs, Koenigsegg CCXs and every car that has wings for doors. But seriously, my heart goes to the cars every time they mercilessly destroyed for the sake of entertainment. I mean, these are perfectly good, high performance models that are at the forefront of motorsport, but still, because whoever funded the movie had to blow up millions, they do it because they can. <br /> <br /> There's no story about Redline, just apologies to put together a movie full of beauties (the cars) that can rip the tarmac in the most boring way, with the usual pedal recordings (always that Accelerator, mind you, apply the brake) Pedal is synonymous with blasphemy and does not deserve respect), steering wheels, gear changes (always up and not down) while the actors pretend they are the worst asses with a motor, growling and give everyone else dirty looks. Not a big task for an actor, and that's why we get the saddest performances of all time, with lines that seem to be written by elementary school children. The heroine (yes, she made a statement that girl can drive) Natasha (a very plasticky-looking Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those million-dollar finds - a girl with model looks who does not mind settling on fours, Being immersed in oil, having a racing pedigree, singing songs with just a ridiculous lyrics with a rock band (every line had something to do with cars, and when you sang about love, all you had to do was make allusions like switching of gear shafts, lubricants and rides). Introduced into illegal races by a gangsta named Infamous (Eddie Griffin) against her will, she faces family struggles involving a terrible Iraq war veteran by Leo DiCaprio and a shabby, cool-looking rich uncle. Everything else is, as I said, only an excuse for the movie to go from race to race. <br /> <br /> And it's almost always the same, because there are very few ways to increase the tension between the race cars, especially if you know that the race is rigged (for narrative reasons) and the result of the race Race is one mile from the finish line. Although Fast and Furious had quite charismatic actors, and I'll put my head on the chopping block by naming Paul Walker, Sun Kang and, of course, the star he created - Vin Diesel and Redline had none, just pretty faces with a lot Air unfortunately. It looks like a TV movie in its treatment from the beginning, with a very bland opening sequence, with a man, a car and a 105-minute race against time to get to Vegas. If not For the cars, this movie is really a piece of trash, with bad actors, bad lines and bad actions. Only for the car fans or those who like their films with countless beautiful beauties who pimp their bodies without spoken lines.
