After about 42 minutes there's a scene in this movie that's one of the worst I've ever seen. As F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) laze on the beach, things suddenly get tense and Sheilah starts to cry - then she tells her lover about her dirty past. This "dramatic scene" becomes so grossly exaggerated and histrionic that I could not help but turn to my wife and say how stupid it all was ... as dramatic music on television swelled and everything became a false crescendo , NEVER experience moments like that - nobody. Well, how much of the rest of the movie is true, I can not say, but that moment was ridiculously bad and as fake as an $ 8 Rolex - and I'm assuming some of the other reviewers were right - the movie is a lot Bunk. However, I am not an expert on the lives of these two people and the internet did not seem to clarify that either. <br /> <br /> Just who were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and how was their relationship really? What I know about Fitzgerald, however, seems to be different from what I saw in the movie. Was he the polite and decent man we first see in the movie? Considering that he was married at the same time, as he drove on with Graham and drank like a fish, I would assume that he was not. Was he so obnoxious and awkward as we see later in the movie? Maybe, but when he was so bad AND yet Mrs. Graham stayed with him, she makes it a fool - not someone you want to see in a movie. If this is not the case, the film suffers badly from his memory. In any case, it made a painful and not very pleasant viewing experience. <br /> <br /> The overall amount of this film seems to be a story of two not particularly likeable or healthy people. In a dark and slippery way, some may find it all very entertaining, but most will certainly see this as a train wreck with no surprises on the way! Unpleasant, but with brilliant production values ​​(especially the music that is irritating, but far too exaggerated), she raises the question, "why did you even decide to do it?". The bottom line is - it's a pretty bad movie and probably not worth the time - even if you, like me, are a big Gregory Peck fanatic.
