This is a bigger budgeted movie than usual for genre director Honda (with obviously more elaborate sets)? although the special effects still have that characteristic cheesiness (testify to the exhibited giant bats and rodents). It also uses a surprisingly large number of American actors: Joseph Cotten plays the visionary scientist, looks awkward and frail (but then his character is said to be 204 years old!), While Richard Jaeckel is an innocent photographer. Main villains are Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both essentially Campy). As I have said many times, I grew up watching English language films in Italian. But listening to Hollywood actors in Japanese is something completely different! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO feels like a youthful version of a typical Jules Verne adventure and is quite entertaining at this level; In fact, due to the inherent, rustic charm of the line-up in this case, it's preferable to the Honda variations of the Monsters-on-the-Rampage formula. The plot involves the kidnapping of a famous scientist by Romero? he should establish himself in the technologically advanced underwater city of Cotten (where the world's leaders are recruited). We have many stupid battles between the rivals, but the funniest scenes are certainly the attack on Romero's Cave. In fact, Cotten, who drives somersaults and fends off men in rubber suits (through flames and lasers emanating from his glove!), Must surely be considered the nadir of his acting career; the other older one in the cast, Romero, is more in his element? After all, he was The Joker in the BATMAN TV series and in the movie of the 1960s! Cotten has a lightly dressed blond doctor on his team and is supported by a huge Asians; Romero, on the other hand, is flanked by an oriental femme fatale. But whoever gets a rough deal for their efforts (the girl's brain is finally transplanted into a mix of lions and condors - which is among the best-looking creatures you've ever seen!). Apparently a 2-disc set of Media Blasters streets that day !!
