The plot of 7EVENTY 5IVE involves college kids playing a cruel phone game that unexpectedly (for them, if not for fans of horror) tears them over their heads. 7EVENTY 5IVE's HISTORY, on the other hand, is that of a horror movie that had a small promise that unfortunately was outweighed by bad writing. What could be fun, even if something stupid, old-fashioned Slasher fairy tale is derailed early on by the misleading beliefs of the filmmakers that the audience would enjoy watching a bunch of louder, lachrymose kids, each other during the movie's running time cheer. With the exception of a policeman played by Rutger Hauer (in a minor role that is primarily to add the film's only star power), every character on the screen is a different kind of young A-hole. <br /> <br /> Male and female, black and white, straight and gay, a whole ensemble of flat and shrill college kids carries most of the narrative of the movie. Worse, since the story is a failed PARTY game, the scenes are mostly completely filled with these little things. For this reason, there are few breaks for the viewer, who has to endure with the angry snippets of the thin drawn protagonists. Although at least some of these people are supposed to be friends, all the characters always interact in a very hostile way, long before any real conflict has actually arisen. This leads to the worst possible result in a Slasher movie: The audience wanted to take care of the leads, not only cheered the anonymous murderer, but wishes that he had arrived to take the empty bladders much earlier. <BR /> <br /> The real disgrace of this poor characterization is that 7EVENTY 5IVE actually has some potential. Visually it is good. First directors Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor know how to build an exciting atmosphere. They also manage to create some competent, albeit sparse, moments of the classic 80s. Surprisingly, the occupation of the production is also quite capable. It's not that the actors are unable to express realistic human emotions. It's just that the script (shared by newcomer Vashon Nutt and director Hooks, who was much better behind the camera than a keyboard) falls short of such moments. The familiar premise and the few thrill-seekers can reduce the bad taste of a story, which is driven by a disorder of unpleasant characters, do not outweigh. In this humble whodunnit, the true mystery is why someone should look after a group of young people who can not even love each other.
