This movie, though supposedly a comedy, is dead serious. Its theme is imperialism (with a capital I): how Britain foolishly tries to humiliate itself, to convince itself that after the Second World War it is still a great power. At home, the Empire is run by lovable boobies, benevolent Tories, so conceited that they can not distinguish close relatives; The government offices consist of long-forgotten archives (a pit in Orwellian paranoia?) Inhabited by indolent rats, and vestibules where lounge-bored Synacures read and read popular novels. Abroad, Britain holds on to old pomp; But pomp out of context looks threadbare and stupid, especially when embodied in limping twits. Carlton-Browne is an unsentimental image of decline, without the lachrymosis rot that has damaged the supposedly anti-imperialist jewel in the crown. The film is also about the Cold War and bravely admits it's a cold war, a dangerous farce whose participants deserve ridicule and scorn, not fear and respect. It is about how colonialism, more characterized by neglect than by tyranny, destroys the colonies it colonizes, robbing them of amenities, power, and, above all, self-respect, making them vulnerable to the machinations of dangerous cowboys. <br /> <br It's of course the seriousness that kills it. That does not mean that weighty topics can not be treated in a comedy - the miracle of Morgan's Creek, Dr. Ing. Strangelove and The Life Of Brian have proved it all. In fact, one could say that serious issues should only be treated with comedy - this allows for a clearer view. <br /> <br /> The problem with Carlton-Browne is that any situation beyond the mere comic has meaning so it is weighted and useless. In the three films above, much of the comedy originates from the character's response to an extreme situation, not the extreme situation itself. Here, the script is too bad to sustain rich comic book characterizations, and some of the greatest comedy talents that have ever been assembled - Peter Sellers, Terry-Thomas, Raymond Huntley and John le Mesurier - are being criminally wasted. <br /> <br /> Terry Thomas, so often sublime, shows that he could not handle the lead parts and he had to play taunting, arrogant boundaries, no mindless toffs. The music is made to carry much of the comedy, but their strong irony only draws attention to the lack of serenity on the screen. (To be fair, unlike most British comedies of that era, which were amazing and underproduced, the Boultings often try to score through film, montage, and composition.) Only Huntley manages to laugh seriously, and that is an attempt A character he could have played in his sleep. <br /> <br /> None of the boulting farms have gone well - they are never thoughtful enough. Although Carlton-Browne enjoys the decline of the Empire, it also appears to be anti-democratic and militaristic. I am sure that was not intended, but these mistakes will inevitably happen if you allow dignified intentions to prevail over weird intelligence and film form.
