You may want to know in advance that I am not a Mormon, unlike a large number of those who have already read this film. I mention this to help you understand that the way I look at the film may differ greatly from the beliefs. For some it may be critical to watch the movie critically - and that is NOT my intention. So my review is that of an outsider trying to look inward and learn more about this man and his people. Well, after watching the movie, I doubt I've learned much. Since becoming a history teacher, I have a good understanding of Young and Joseph Smith and the teachings of the Church. Those who really want to see and learn this movie will probably be disappointed because the movie seems so awfully nice - too beautiful and too unrealistic in its depiction. In addition, you learn about the faith of the church, except that they are nice people, hard working and have some women (and this last part is only hinted at in the film). Instead, in their simple depictions, people are almost like cartoons. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angelic, the non-Mormons were all devils, and Brian Donlevy (the exact same role that Edward G. Robinson later played in THE TEN COMMANDMENTS) is the troublemaker who claims to be Mormon but just over so that the movie can have a bad one. It's all so easy ... too easy. Almost like an indoctrination movie or an infomercial. <br /> <br /> Especially Brigham Young was a very complex man - with many good points (an excellent organizer and visionary) as well as a bad (not even starting to let his views on blacks within the church or mixed marriage) , To portray him so vaguely is simply stupid. It's also very similar to how Gandhi was portrayed in the Ben Kingsley movie - only the facts that led to his almost superhuman nature were highlighted. Heck, now that I think about it, the problem is with most religious films - they are often one-dimensional, banal and bland. Let's have a full and complete movie about these men - one who sticks to facts rather than emotional appeals. Well, if you can ignore the fact that you will not learn much about faith or be your second leader, the movie is fun enough. It's obvious that someone at 20th Century-Fox was really interested in the movie because it's a wonderful cast of both the lead actors (Tyrone Power), the emerging actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and the wonderful character actors ( Dean Jagger), John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also had wonderful filming locations and a lot of shine. There simply was not much to tell except they were all "swelling". There were also many factual mistakes and a few simple, stupid scenes. Among the mistakes is that Young took the helm immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (it was three years later), no mention of the various Mormon denominations and factions, the talk of "Gold in California" - although this was the case in 1847 and Gold could not be discovered until 1948, nor was polygamy or Smith's many women. One of the simple stupid scenes is that Carradine pulls out a gun and swirls her around in the courtroom - and it did not seem to interest anyone - though it was a very hostile audience! Do you think the judge would at least tell him to put it down and stop threatening people ?! <br /> <br /> A final comment. Do not watch this movie if it's shown on American Movie Classics (a great station that has dropped a lot in the last few years). While critical of the film for its simple message, I was appalled by the station's total disrespect for the church and its traditions. What I mean is that. The movie was interrupted with ads for penis enlargement formulas as well as tons of pop-ups (some showing a show with the "sexiest cast"). Talk about disrespectful and rude and I would be just as offended if you were to do this for another religious movie. Not only do they insult the faith, they also marginalize their market - who listens to these things AND the life of Brigham Young ?! Is this a movie in this form you can show or recommend to your children ?!
