Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager who was sentenced to Satan (and LSD) by her archaeologist, Fiancé Richard. There's a neighborhood hippie demon cult hanging in the old, rundown old castle where Leila and Richard drink blood, drop drugs, sex orgies, go to psychedelic rock, and participate in black mass ceremonies in which the men wear pants, masks and capes and the women do not wear anything. Unfortunately, these extra-curricular activities have opened Leila to the demonic possession of the dreaded "spirit of evil." Leila also comes from a rotten family, which does not help. Her older brother John is a recluse who seems to be in love with her. Her mother Patricia (Maria Perschy) is depressed because she believes to be responsible for her father's death. To top it off, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a nasty semi-professional named (gasp!) Debbie Gibson. There is a lot of help, which is also set to lose more time. Two maids (a young woman who undresses a lot, and an old one who spies on everyone), plus Udo (Luis Induni), a bald voyeur craftsman who spies on Leila while changing clothes, takes nude pictures of her and turns herself into the pool house to sniff her freshly used bathing suit. Oh, and Borg, the German shepherd. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy is Father Adrian Dunning, the dubious priest (zzzzz) who starts sniffing after John and Richard both turn their heads back. Leila says to him, "They say I'm perverted and I'll prove it's true!" At her birthday party, she tells her guests, "You make me sick, I hate you all!" and when mom suggests a doctor comes by, she screams, "I do not want to see that fat ass!" Debbie suggests that they commit Leila to a "sanitory," but Leila runs away and rejoins the cult. She is (again) rescued and brought home for the third time. <br /> <br /> There are only ten minutes to go before this time of the movie, and all we've basically seen is some boring scenes in which the characters talk and moan about how terrible and excited their lives are is and how Leila behaves funny. It's almost as torturous to sit through like an Andy Milligan movie, except for the bloody laugh. But finally, in the last few minutes, we get the movie the title implies - an EXORCIST-like possession strip. Unfortunately, the best thing about it is the contact lenses that Leila can wear. On her arms, legs and face appear some cheap time-lapse slashes, her lips are scratchy and her eyes look like blue and white marbles. She smells of rotting meat, spits out a few lumps, starts talking to her dead father's voice, sneaks into her mother's bedroom, beats her a little and calls her a "dirty slut." In here comes Father Adrian, who finally thinks he is actually possessed, averts his seduction attempts, frogs are hallucinating and eels are in the kitchen and stains Leila with holy water. Doors open and close, a mirror breaks, it suddenly thunders and its bed rises from the ground. After she has dealt with Dunning and the two roll down the stairs, the mind is out of her and puzzles who? Why, Borg, the family doggie! The demon dog then turns to Adrian and chews him a bit before skewering him on a poker fire. Then we get one of the most irritating final shots ever set for the movie. It's Leila on the floor, dating back from her hideous appearance to her normal sexy self. But there is another time-lapse effect that suggests that the demon may have re-entered her body. It's so bad that you really have no idea what to make of it. This is the last slap in the face for anyone who has just realized that they have wasted an hour and a half for this worthless POS. <br /> <br /> Screw the contacts, 1 out of 10 is it.
