I somehow feel like a genius. I feel like I'm the only one who has seen this fake movie. I've looked at it three times, once with a comment, and I got annoyed with all the close-ups, every time the screen just goes black, and worst of all, the movie never really solves anything. Yes, the priest is dying, but he did not really seem to be in peace with the city he was in so much distress or with himself. That and he was an idiot. If there had not been the commentary by Peter Cowie, who explained not only the movie but also the book from which he came, I would not have liked it at all. I like French movies, but that's completely absurd. <br /> <br /> The Diary of a Country Priest is filmed in a beautiful black and white photograph, but that alone can not save this deadly, boring tripe. Scene for extreme close-up scenes where characters say nothing until the camera has cut off and blackouts are NOT making interesting or relevant stories. How this movie ever became a classic is amazing: it reminds me more of The Emperor's New Clothes. Yes, Claude Laydu's performance is heartfelt and thought-provoking if you are a sadist, but this film has left I feel empty because on the whole it is a faint impression of the Catholic priesthood, which is a base and inglorious institution of corruption. The young priest's triumph over the countess's pride is a faint scene, but 90% of the movie's dreary introspection and window will sweep you into the young priest's melancholy thoughts. This priest looks less humble than just pathetic. <br /> <br /> Since I do not speak or understand French, I was looking forward to doing the English SUBTITLE thing to understand The Movie. Well, the English SUBTITLE is temporarily unreadable and the text rolls by so fast that I could not read much (and I'm not a particularly slow reader - I just finished Dostoevsky in 3 days). <br /> <br /> I really wanted to have this movie. I try everything that has been "selected" by the Criterion Collection, and yet I can not understand why this earns a critical nod in some ways. However, I sat through this entire two-hour movie because I longed to feel some kind of empathy for the main character, and it never came to fruition. He seemed more like a victim than a fighter. And for that I say, it stinks.
