You can not shove her out of the way because she is old; and if you were charitable, you could say that the lumbering walk she walks with is not really her fault. Nevertheless, under these circumstances, it is often difficult not to get angry if you pull your heels behind you. So it is with "The Pallbearer", an attempt to do something "different" with a romantic comedy, which in this way is mainly serious because the venue is wrong; a way to show off his breakdance skills at the funeral of a grandparent. <br /> <br /> To further develop the metaphor (maybe unwise!); Like the old lady, one begins with the construction of the film that its demise can not be far away. Of course, this "death" is excruciatingly tedious and slowly lifts our reserves of empathy in tiny little steps, as we come to the realization that the procedures are only one way downhill: Downhill. His attempts to find "humor" are a mile away, again not unlike the cruel inevitability of death! <br /> <br /> Returning to the image of "slipping heels," the main character Tom, is shown to repeat this action uninterruptedly throughout his life. If there are actually degrees of "pathetic", then this juice may have a few notches in front of Floater's other - more familiar - role. Being in the awkward position of having to focus the audience's sympathies on an even more "unsuspecting" character than Ross is a difficult question even for a comic performer like Swimmer, but I think he can find himself guilty first when he gets into serious "echo" situations. <br /> <br /> How will he ever elude his most famous portrayal when selecting scripts in which the characters are almost "interchangeable", even if the situations are not there A man with long-standing high school infatuation with someone he has not seen in years. Sounds famous ...? Paltrow is nothing else, if not bland, in her role of "Rachel," but anything that goes over old terrain may be forgivable if the noticeable differences are not so inappropriate. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so worn out that it is worn out, and the "backdrop" is so inappropriate that it seems to label the resulting film as something "stiff" ...! 10.2.
