I am amazed at the praise that other commentators put on this film. For me that was more of a disappointment, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasy and the inner uproar of the main character does not work at all (in Vonnegut's book Slaughterhouse Five and even in George Roy Hill's adaptation for the screen). Credibility is often overwhelmed. Too many questions remain open. Have I overlooked some key points? Or did not I find the lines that supposedly connect the dots? <br /> <br /> A boy named Campbell Jr. is growing up in the state of New York. At home, his father has many technical papers and a book. It has photos of corpses in it. The boy leafs through the book, his father does not like that. What should that tell me? The family moves from the state of New York to Berlin. BANG. It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a playwright. What kind of plays does he write? In which language? Is he successful? His wife is an actress and looks glamorous. The parents move back to the US and invite their son to join. He does not. Why? Because he grew up in Germany, does he feel more German than American? Because he is successful? Because his wife is? Because he likes his life there? Because he likes the Nazis? Because he is just lazy and does not like change? Do not ask me. <br /> <br /> Maybe the man just does not care, he's not interested in politics, he's a kind of existentialist. He says he is deeply in love with his wife. He speaks of his Republic of Two (that is, he and his wife). There is little to no evidence that proves his love for his wife in the film, it seems much more a republic of the one. <br /> <br /> At the request of an American agent Campbell Jr., he agrees to an anti-Semitic Nazi hate propaganda on American listeners as a means of transmitting encrypted messages to American authorities reading between the lines. The crucial meeting with the agent on a Berlin park bench is short, uninspiring and anti-climactic. The decision to play along is pretty easy without explanation, the rise to the transmitter seems to be uneventful and seemingly fast. <br /> <br Now we have Campbell, Jr., who presents himself as the last free American. The scheme for transmitting secret messages is quite realistic and exciting - though you wonder what happened when Campbell Jr. really and honestly had to cough, hurry, etc. (must have messed up the news terribly). Anyway, the Nazis are losing, the woman is dying (in the Crimea for German troops on the road - I never heard that such tours really took place on German lines in World War II), says Campbell Jr., he goes to the Russian front, but is not captured by an American soldier who recognizes his mug (how come?), is dragged to a sightseeing tour in Auschwitz, then released and relocated somewhere in the city of New York with the help of the Crucial agent /> <br /> AND THIS IS WHEN THE STORY REALLY BEGINS <br /> <br /> BANG. From now on, it's like a short story by Paul Auster. It is 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in New York as a tenement and mourns the loss of his wife. Nobody really cares - right? Yes, somehow they do and their neighbors provide distraction. Surviving Auschwitz. A painter. Some American supremacists "discover" him and want him to be their figurehead. You even find his supposedly deceased wife for him, or is she his wife? Anyway, Campbell Jr. calls the Israeli Consulate. They give him the Big War Criminal Trial and put him in the cell next to Adolf Eichmann. He writes his life story and, after completing this task, hangs himself on the tapes of the typewriter While I can see that there must be a problem of guilt and loss, I just had the impression that the main character is a person who at all times is quite indifferent to everything and hardly anyone It has been hard for me to feel sorry for this loser, who mourns his loss: Amazingly, many reviewers focus on his status as a potential war hero after questioning his reputation for playing the Last Free American. indeed, however, the film suggests that Campbell's acceptance of the order was a win-win situation, because he would have been on the political side, no matter who won the war. The danger that he will be exposed does not exist in the first part of the story. <br /> <br /> It could be argued that the whole story is a fantastic fantasy, and that nobody with historical accuracy or logical development should bother about the story that explains everything. But even then it fails, above all, I suppose, to make a point because the love affair in the Republic of Two collapses completely. That's a shame, especially considering that the wife was played by Sheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress. She has far too little screen time and is forced to use a ridiculous German accent. Another, slightly neglected aspect is the various texts (confession, broadcast and hidden messages), but I think that this is largely unfilmable. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
