I will keep the review of this program as short as possible. Skip it. Low budget, not funny, lousy script. Not quite as bad as the writing, but still bad. That's all you need to know, but I'll keep working to write more than necessary. <br /> <br /> This is a three segment movie, each of which parodies a different kind of movie. A much funnier movie with the same exact idea is "Movie Movie" with George C. Scott. Very dark, but worthwhile. MM parodied movies of the thirties and did so with elegance, precision and dry joke. <br /> <br /> This movie did not do that. It parodies three types of films, supposedly from the late '70s, early' 80s, just parodies of films that I have (almost) never heard of. The first is a kind of parody of "Kramer Vs. Kramer". Peter Reigert does his best with a very poor script. The second is a parody, I do not know what ... a novel by Danielle Steele? I mean, you could see such a story on Lifetime TV, but in a movie theater? I mean, I remember the 70s when I was there. This is a soap opera-type parody about a young woman sleeping on her way to power. This sort of thing usually parodies itself, so I do not see how it was necessary at all. <br /> <br /> With the third section "The Municipalis", which parodies cop movies, we are a bit simpler. I noticed elements from "The New Centurians" and some "Dirty Harry," both of whom were almost 10 years old when the movie was made. Yes, nice and up to date. Robby Benson plays the idealistic young rookie (Over-the-Top-Wimpy), while Richard Widmark plays the crippled veteran policeman who drinks whiskey while sitting in the police car (OH! Stop! My Pages!) He drinks alcohol in the police car! How disrespectful !) Note that this was the first movie after "Animal House" to which the name "National Lampoon" was attached. Impressive. Getting to that dunghill in five years from this classic movie is shocking. I could talk for hours about the sad decline that caused one of the most progressive and original voices in American humor (that would be National Lampoon, the original magazine for about the first ten years) to sell out and start a new story. Long, slow slipping into a world full of crap, in which the magazine is long gone and it exists only as a brand name to beat paid low-budget comedy films. Another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) is so bad. <br /> <br /> This movie is a serious time anyway. Do not waste your 90 minutes. I want my back On the positive side is Fred Willard!
