I laughed a few times during this movie. I laughed during the attestation of handing over the margarine company (pun intended). <br /> <br /> There are three segments in this movie. The first film is meant to be a parody of "being women" and "career" films. The Tampax® box was the funniest in this segment. Most performers are not listed here on IMDb. They are the lucky ones. Few people will be able to associate this thing with the ruin of their acting career. The second segment is a parody of "Hai-wife sleeps her way to the top and takes control of huge industrial films". Robert Culp has several fun moments, all of physical humor, including the aforementioned handover. After his character dies, the segment sinks, while Dominique Corsaire climbs higher and higher. When she became First Lady, I wanted to pull the cable out of the TV and watch "snow". I switched to Pakistani music videos instead. I do not understand Urdu or the language in which the videos were. It was still better than listening to the dialogue in this painfully boring "story." <br /> <br /> Then came "Municipalians" with the * big * stars, half of them less than a minute on screen: Elisha Cook, Jr., Christopher Lloyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Youngman, Julie Kavner, Richard Widmark and ... Robby Benson. It's supposed to be a parody of "young police teams with hardened, substance-abusive senior cops who need retirement programs, the horizontal lightning bolt on the police car is very impressive, it was interesting to see old RTD buses and a Shell gas station sign and American Savings sign Nagurski's "Never stop where you may need to get out of the car" made me smile for a moment, then they discuss how boring the young policeman is - a lot, back and forth, how It was as boring as this description of how boring it is: Nagurski's Law Number Four: "Never go to a music store that has an acetylene burner installed", it made me think that the music store was at the actual location Thinking was more interesting than building up for the gag that followed.The young Falcone (Benson) becomes shot. A lot of. He becomes a hardened cop like Nagurski. The segment continues. And further. And further. It does not stop. It rolls in relentlessly, no matter how many times you wish it * would * die * for this thing to end. It does not go on and on and on ... Then comes a "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" episode I've seen four times already. Thank God! This miserable movie ended when I got the mail.
