If the term itself was not geographically and semantically meaningless, you could call "Ned Kelly" "Australian Western." For Down Under people, Ned Kelly seemed to be a folk-heroes bandit, resembling Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. Kelly, the descendant of Irish immigrants, escaped and was ostracized after being falsely accused of shooting an Australian magistrate, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was imprisoned. Kelly, his brother Dan and two other companions became notorious bank robbers to rescue the government for this abuse. They conquered the hearts of many people in the countryside as they beat justice in a country where Irish immigrants were common. Treated with disrespect and contempt by those who ruled the land. <br /> <br /> Perhaps because we've met this "gentleman bandit" scenario so often in the past, "Ned Kelly" feels terribly familiar and unoriginal in homage to a series of stereotypes and clichés of the genre on the Way to the inevitable showdown. Ned is the typical lawbreaker from the heart of gold who only kills when forced to do so, and even then with the deepest regret. He also has the pulse of the ordinary people, as if in the midst of a bank robbery he returns a valuable watch to a customer after one of his gangs steals it so ruthlessly. In which film on this topic was such a scene not to be seen? It is actions of selective generosity such as these that, of course, bring him the love and respect of all the little people who come to secretly admire anyone who can handle coping with the rulers and the status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays the typical malicious law enforcement officer who personally cares to bring down this emerging troublemaker who is constantly getting away with optimizing the facility. There is even the inevitable episode in which one of the retarded ladies goes into the next room and has sex with one of the robbers, so she is addressed by the romantic offense of the criminal lifestyle. And the movie is interspersed with a trite scene like this one after the other. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does not differ in the title role and offers little substance to make his character interesting or captivating. It does not help that he was forced to deliver a booming dubbing that underscores the gentleness and presumptuousness of both the character and the movie. <br /> <br /> "Ned Kelly" could have some kind of function as a lesson in Australian history, but as entertainment, it is exactly the same old story told with different accents.
