I had heard some bad things about Cabin Fever, almost as much as I heard the Kultrummel. As it turns out, the first film by new impresario Eli Roth is just such a big effort as the IQ points decrease as the movie progresses. There are worse movies and certainly more bloody ones (although I'm not sure how the hype meter was so high in the bloodstream of the hostel, there's a lot for genre fans here). The premise is not necessarily bad either: children go to a cabin to party for a week just to find a very sick, bloody man they set fire to in panic. It wraps itself dead in the water that feeds the reservoir, and soon all the characters will succumb, in one way or another, to the carnivorous virus. The characters, either the leading college kids (including Rider Strong as a hero and James DiBello as the goofy side bar) or the supporting villagers are archetypal, if not painful. <br /> <br /> When they meet their fate, the citizens become pretty weird, and it seems like it does not make sense to get mixed up without the many laughs. "Pancakes Kid" comes from nowhere, and maybe it was funnier in another movie or in itself, but it just does not work in the context of the rest of the movie. There is also a young police that is even stupider and less convincing than the others. And the family that goes to DiBello after an incident has some opportunities that are not realized. Meanwhile, Roth pumps his script out of the window with common sense and sudden fear and terror as people pile blood on each other and a killer dog roams around. Which is not all. Unlike smaller Troma horror movies, or even smaller ones of the 70s or 80s, where I'm sure Roth is a diehard fanatic, he does not do that unsurpassably. It is also wise to have no explanation for the origin of the virus. <br /> <br /> But unlike these movies, he does not really have a good idea of ​​what great Campy horror times are. Of course, his movie tries, and only once or twice does he make it a dumb, bloody time (I saw the random hare Strong sees on the Gurney). It has not even been recorded very badly (though it came with its own style choices and a red tint on the lens or this story with the bowling alley worker). It simply contains many illogical scenarios and decisions (shave your legs with a deadly virus, uh-huh) and targets a typical soil. If that's your cup of tea, more power for you. But in the end, I've found out that this is indeed an extraordinary genre area that does not hurt the sensitivity of the audience like Saw, but does not swing as a smart B-movie for the fence. Roth also has the enormity of ending the film with a true note of "what the hell", as the bearded convenience store employee of Santa Claus from the earlier film serves a number of black people. It might work if he did something better or dropped it altogether. The same could be said for much of the film. C-
