The premise of Cabin Fever begins as if it could have something to offer. A group of college teenagers go to the finals (in the fall?) To a forest retreat, where they are attacked one by one by an invisible carnivorous virus. Unfortunately, the first section there is all removed elements of the movie quality are stopped. Cabin Fever is little more than college kids looking for sex, drinking alcohol, constantly talking about nothing and seeing how many F-bombs they can get in 1:40 minutes or how long this mess is. <br /> <br /> The kids act and react stupidly to everything around them. For example, one of them discovers that the skin virus has infected her legs. So what is she doing? She constantly shaves her legs and does not take proper medical care for her wounds. The scene is little more than a way out. In another scene, Boy Meets World's Rider Strong is bitten into the hands of a kid who just says "pancakes" and likes to do kart tricks with those sitting next to him. If you could figure out why the kid had "pancakes," I'd like to know. Anyway, Rider strokes a wild dog and washes his bitten hand in a highly contaminated stream. Another kid likes to drop F-Bombs by reacting to everything around him and shooting squirrels. Why? Your guess is as good as mine! <br /> <br /> Rider Strong is the ONLY kid with every recognition in this movie. He tries to calm people down between screaming and screaming and F *** Y **! Bombs that throw people around. If the kids do not scream, they talk or talk about sex or talk to the other adult characters, who are EVEN MORE (if possible) more idiotic than the kids! The idiot cop with an IQ of 60 can be one of the worst acting jobs I've ever seen in a movie. You talk about people who do not play with a full deck, this dork does not even know how to find the cards! LOL! I was like, "Will you shut up, please?" He makes the little actors look like geniuses! The only part I liked was Riders scary story (though bloody) about the confused bowling alley guy. In interviews Rider said he has great respect for director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth does not need much more than shock and blood. There are far too many bad things in this movie that Mr. Roth gets any recognition. I wish I could agree with Rider and find something sympathetic about this movie. Maybe the autumn landscape at the beginning? In fact, Rider Strong JUST saves this movie from a 1! Hopefully he was compensated for this garbage!
