I do not really know if Cabin Fever is supposed to be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know, it's a joke much closer than anything else. A few years ago, the community of horror movie producers decided to take another step to make fun of the genre and create the Scream series. In Scream, a list was given of all the stupid things that horror movie characters are going to do that are predictable, and the characters in Scream did exactly the same, adding humor and irony to the analysis of the genre Had hoped that horror movies from now on would be a bit different, either full irony of the genre, self-irony of the film itself, or at least in its dramatic process unlike any "old" films that responded to the film the same tired criteria. When you see "Cabin Fever," many will see how unoriginal, serious, overbearing, boring, and even not scary, some supposedly "scary" movies are now, even a few years later. At first, this film lacks originality, as few others do. It has been said several times how little fantasy horror directors have today to remake remakes of foreign sequels, but filming in a cabin in the woods does not seem to be a "tribute" to anything. just a rip off. Those who would like to be surprised by other factors in film history will not be: Again, we are dealing with a movie whose characters are all in their early twenties and do not think rationally. If they face a problem, they'd rather fight and fight for hours Brawls instead of thinking and doing something about it. There is not much excitement there either. For the umpteenth time in a horror movie, they're tempted to kiss, love, and basically just have fun, all sorts of things that do not really make them any different from any other horror movie victim seen before. Second, this movie is unimaginative serious. Every situation in which the characters are, every dialogue, every situation in the film is dealt with with such seriousness that it makes every viewer feel a little mocking when some characters eventually die. Nothing in the way the film is directed, written or played shows any signs of humor or sarcasm, which is quite astonishing if the film is an invisible, never-before-heard meat-eating virus (please do not laugh) . I will not even go into acting because there are no actors in this movie. The cast was most likely hired as a friend or neighbor of the director. Third, and that will hit anyone who has seen a "good" horror movie, the script is absolutely empty. Nothing really happens, some actions are repeated several times ("Let's try to get help!"), Nothing makes sense, either in the facts, in the psychology of the characters or even in the weird final sequence of the movie, which is probably the case is supposed to be funny, according to the director and screenwriters. In the end, I'll just say that a horror movie should contain something sinister. A lot of fake blood, whether vomited, splattered from severed limbs, or simply dripped from wounds, was never enough to frighten an audience. Such key features as script, ideas and even cruelty are in demand for anyone who claims to have shot something uncanny. If I do not believe it to be a total failure, I agree that the film has a talent: it's dirty to look disgusting. But when you are haggard and scared, there are two very different feelings, let it be known. <br /> <br /> I'd like to encourage anyone, who is a bit curious or interested in watching this movie, to review older horror films first. Why not from the 60s, 70s, 80s, films by Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... that could not just be a good definition, which is scary or self-deprecating horror, but also convince viewers that "new" is not necessarily "better". A good example of the film are the few tracks that composer Angelo Badalamenti has provided for this film, even though they are unmistakably close to his previous compositions, but they are below what he has ever done before.
