Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original 1995 horror yarn "The Fear" will be more disappointed in this stupid little sequel. A similar plot follows, but it is impossible to connect to the original except for the presence of Morty, the wooden mannequin monster. Here is a short overview. <br /> <br /> Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, in a decent performance) saw his father brutally murder his mother and then commit suicide, Mike is still scared that day. Hoping to get rid of his fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and a few friends home with them to their grandparents. His plan is for everyone to dress in costumes that represent their fears, and then present the fears of the mannequin Morty. According to an Indian friend, this process is supposed to magically eliminate fear. What Mike does not know is that Morty is obsessed with his father's mind and starts killing his friends ... or is it really Mike who does the murders? Who cares? <br /> <br /> A has some problems with this movie. The first one is Morty. I thought the original made Morty pretty convincing. This time it is painfully obvious that Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a wrong suit. This is particularly evident in early scenes where Morty is said to be still, but if you look closely, you can see him blinking. Another problem is that most characters do not strive too hard. Some of them, namely Betsy Palmer, from Friday, the 13th fame, which was awarded in this film. But most of them do not bother or get a chance. Finally, there are the murders. The opening scenes with ax murder were very convincing. When I saw her, I thought I had a good movie. When the second half of the movie arrives and the killings really start, everything falls apart. Deaths are either uncreative, invisible or foreseen (insights into the next scene when Currie has a blackout). A character dies in the end and nobody, including the viewer, even notices it. While more characterization was needed in the first half, it was not that bad. The second half was. I think the new director Chris Angel came to this point and really did not know how to shoot the violent scenes, so they were really sloppy and pedestrian. A silly end does not help either. So if you really loved the original and enjoy picking chips under your skin, you probably should skip "The Fear 2: Halloween Night". Zanatos' score: 4 out of 10.
