Sometimes you have to watch a bad movie just to appreciate the good ones. Well, that's my opinion anyway. This one will always be in the bad movie category simply because all but Shu Qi's performance was terrible. Martial Angel tells of Cat (Shu Qi), a professional thief who turned directly after leaving her lover Chi Lam (Julian Cheung) two years ago. However, her past returns when Chi Lam is kidnapped for kidnapping ransom for security software from Cat Works. To save him, she calls her old friends out of her orphanage days, six other vivacious women to save the day's story. In fact, the entire script and the entire manual lacked quality. Much of the dialogue was meaningless, coupled with an action as thin as rice paper in water. If I could sum it up, take a bad Jackie Chan movie, remove the comedy, remove the choreography, throw away the budget, and you have Martial Angels: a formulaic work without imagination. Still, I have to say where the loan is due, and Shu Qi was probably the only person who emerged unscathed by the terrible action as their performance showed through. Okay, you can not say that she was excellent - after all, she had absolutely nothing to work with - but she managed to get a character out of her role. Apart from that, only Sandra Ng and Kelly Lin made a different impression - though these were mostly shimmers and were very short. In other parts, the movie just fell to pieces. Scenes and dialogues were completely unnatural and unbelievable, obviously special effects were made on the cheap side, without trying to clear edges between people and the mask of the blue screen, and direction I have better seen from a lost dog. <br /> <br /> I think this movie was too many cooks. Most likely, the budget was destroyed by the excessive enthusiasm of having seven girls on the same screen. That did not leave much. The way this movie was made was like a cheap porn movie without porn. Charlie's Angels is not. In fact, while sisters can do it for themselves, all this was not so obvious here. <br /> <br /> Definitely one to forget.
