Attack Force has a terrible title and can almost certainly be judged by his terrible cover because the movie is awful! A mish-mash of plotting lines, a choppy jumble and a terribly stagnant tempo make the movie hard to see end to end. I did that and am proud of it. As a fan of Seagal's work (mostly from earlier times), seeing him in such a mind is painful. Real Seagal's last half-dozen films or so, have sucked a lot, but some of them had at least some redemptive features. Attack power is a mess. From conception to delivery, this film has undergone many changes, from an alien plot line to the current one about an extremely addictive super drug to be unleashed in Romanian (the film has several settings, none of which is Romanian but all looks like Romania because they are in Romania!). The film is composed with little regard to the condition of the original script. Plot holes and loose ends are to be found with certainty in the film. That was also a problem in Seagal's latest films, but the result has never been so boring. There is a whole plot about the water supply that is poisoned with CTX (that's the cool name of the drug) that will never be solved! <br /> <br /> In recent years, of course, the plot was not the main attraction in the Seagal canon, so the other departments, especially the action, had a big burden. Before I look at the action, however, all the other departments are poor. The direction is bad or maybe better, looking bad. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally thought of this film? Between him and his job, the re-shoots of stuntman Tom Delmar and the cut, a cohesive Auteur vision is completely lost. The best way to describe the movie is that it's in business everywhere! The cinematography is boring and almost leads to sleep, while the Dröhnungsscore (which sounds like it was produced on cheapest cheap synthesizers) cause nothing exciting. The performers are poor and can save nothing here. Seagal looks boring beyond recognition and is dubbed by much of the image, which is clear when plot points are changed. He looks tired and overweight and lethargic, in contrast to earlier pictures (noteworthy, since the above complaints in the last pictures of Seagal were the main complaints). The only redeemable actor is Adam Croasdell as one of the villains who makes a slimy Brit routine. He seems to be returning to the alien plotting line because he plays it inhumanly. He seems like a cross between a body snatcher and a vampire (as is the main villain being played by a hot chick who occasionally turns up and seems to be waiting for his man, Dracula). Finally, the action. Well, it's bad. Badly designed, badly shot. There is not much and there is even less Seagal. Stevo does not really bring out the stunt double here because there is so little to do. There's even a lengthy (repetitive and boring) action scene on the hour that occasionally intersects with a few small flashes of Seagal, because Seagal was obviously not there while the scene was being filmed, and they wanted him in that Scene plays action scene. Seagal finally appears in person to shoot two guys in the head. Seagal has a producer and a script credit here, but I think the movie has changed behind his back into the present state. Seagal apparently will no longer work with these people or with Castel Studios, which will continue to deliver horror sub-nu-image (that says something) material. <br /> <br /> Overall, you should avoid this if you are not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be sure that the big guy will probably not want to do that bad anymore. Unfortunately, his next movie, which was already shot with the same people, promises to be even worse. *
