I hired this because I'm a bit tired of 80s NBC programming and apparently saved a lot of money. I have nothing against one of the actors and they do a good job for their credit, but this show is flawed on the premise. <br /> <br /> We have a character that is unlikely. He is full of defects, not enlightened and on a good day a complete jerk. But the reason someone should take care of it is not there. While creating an American sitcom focused on a complete bull's head is revolutionary and full of potential, she simply will not be hit here on this show. Most of the supporting characters are not fully mature characters, but rather sad punching bags that want audience empathy to pocket. As in any sitcom, they are the most normal to the audience, so they negate the main character so that Bittinger is himself, hurting people, and they just stay there .... Why? There is no reason. Any normal person would have simply left the abuse. To keep them there for no real reason - even the truly incredible that Joanna Cassidy has given in the very special two-part abortion episode that brings big problems - is where the show just falls apart. Just believing that people are satisfied with this guy because we are told he has a heart of gold does not fit into the reality of the situation. If anything, this is not even a playwright. This is a badly plotted, conceived, and executed premise that has had a few moments but, overall, fulfilled the destiny it deserved. Someone had the guts to go out and make a very good idea, but the execution is so random that it looks like a weirdly scribbled version of the Jerry Springer show in which someone is abused by that tyrant for whom we actually own one Tribe have been told a show like this requires a skilful touch that the actors could easily have delivered here, but somehow not. And that's a serious mistake that really stopped the program. Nevertheless, the show is worth watching. But when you try to target the stars, it's really gone wrong, and the whole business did not become what it could have been.
