"Dark Floors", the most expensive film in Finnish history so far, is a horror film with an extremely lynchian narrative that tells a smaller and smaller series of "floors" (ironically enough) in an abandoned hospital where our protagonists are trapped. Led by an autistic daughter and her father, who himself was disappointed with the hospitals that did not seem to have medical progress with his daughter, they entered the elevator and debated the problem with one of the nurses at the hospital. Accompanied by a security guard, a businessman and a seemingly intoxicated fool, the collective soon finds it abandoned, but they are not alone. Directed by Finland-born Pete Riski, who is best known for his television work, "Dark Floors" is shot in English, with predominantly English actors being used, as well as arguably the most famous Finnish group "Lordi" (winner of the Eurovision song Contest 2006) themselves, ie in their on-stage monstrous costumes, as the antagonists of the films, yet the production fails where it is most needed and convinces the audience. <br /> <br /> Any film that has its main character The phrase "it's too quiet" already leads a doubtful path, and this horror influenced by Lordi does not break that convention. For all the good ideas that are thrown into the mix, there are a handful of mature clichés and at worst, anything that is interestingly original is not so pronounced that it resonates. The concept of degrading soils is highly threatening at first and gives a sense of inevitable sinking, as the public knows that people trapped in the hospital have to move farther and farther down the swamp. However, there is not enough atmosphere created to scare and intimidate the audience from the ignorant fear. The onlooker knows the journey is getting more and more dangerous as the levels of shiny white turn into hellish black, but I do not think the characters are aware of this fact to be threatening. Also, the entire movie, which essentially plays in its own time bubble, is a very nice touch, a concept that is not often used in the horror genre, but the characters do not confront the situation with enough anxiety and desperation when approaching them This fact makes them much too happy and without enough serious interest in the idea of ​​meaning something to the public. These initially good ideas are just wasted, as if the director and / or Lord Lordi (who had many of the ideas used in the film) had these thoughts but could not agree on how to best use them and as such they lose their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> Despite all the frustration, there is a lot of comedy, but not for the reasons the creators hoped for. Too much is cliché, too much is recycled and too much is just ridiculous. While Noah Huntley plays the lead role, the characters are mere cutouts of cardboard inserted into the story from other films. We have a senior man who does everything possible to protect his daughter alongside a clumsily developed love interest. Accompanying the "couple" we have the traditional black man as a die-hard security guard, with the almost infinite clip for his weapon and an insanely disbelieving businessman who only looks after himself. Unfortunately, the worst thing is the introduction of Lordi's characters as creatures of the night tormenting our wandering group of outsiders, but not when they appear as themselves. What frightens a horror movie for the audience is the contextualization of fear. "The Shining" is scary because it's a member of your own family that persecutes you. In "Dawn Of The Dead" it is our fear of each other and the age-old cannibalism and irrational thought patterns that the zombies possess, in "Alien" the fear is declared, the creature is rationalized and in "Dark Floors" there is none of it. It may not be fair to compare this production to these monoliths of the genre, but if you do, it will be much fainter and the attackers will feel nothing but crazy Klingons, where you can almost see the zipper of their costumes without building up "Lordi" is just not scary. <br /> <br /> It's annoying because we're all cheering for the underdog and hoping they're alright. They want the smaller productions to say that they can produce the same quality movie as "Hollywood" seethes, much like George A Romero, but it does not always materialize. I enjoyed the movie and did not feel like I had wasted the ninety minutes that I had just sat through, but felt on a completely hollow level as if nothing that had happened was meaningful or influenced me unconsciously, emotionally or critically. I felt that the almost Lynchian narrative is an outstanding asset, but it disappears in the void. Why is that happend? What does that mean? Will they go through all this again? Without the slightest insight into what is going to happen, the film is simply enigmatic to try to be artistic. Was the whole sequence of events real or was it just a dream sequence? Had the autistic girl been following the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest and just had a very bizarre nightmare in the face of the stress she was under? Who knows? And unfortunately, I do not manage to take care of it. "Dark Floors" is an annoying experience that ultimately marks superficial possibilities and at least shows a wealth of creative energies from Lord Lordi, who might want to engage in soloing to fully develop his ideas. Fans of the group or genre may want to pursue this, but you'll feel abandoned because you can not shed light on the situation.
