Well, on the credit side (if you can say she has one), Timothy Hines DID managed to capture the original setting of H. G. Wells's outstanding short story. But apart from that - to call a spade a spade - that's a bad time. What could Master Ed Wood have done with the alleged $ 20 million budget! Timothy Hines lets Mr. Wood, who was a flawed genius anyway, look like the best filmmaker ever. The special effects (I suppose you call it that) do not even meet the standards of computer games. Acting is perhaps comparable to dinner theater, and the accents are disgusting. At the risk of being offensive is a lot of acting from the male protagonists (especially the poor Ogilvy), well, um. , , CHEERFULLY! Poor Ogilvy walks through the fake English countryside waving his white handkerchief as if it were a heat-resistant armor. Hey, the stormtroopers in Star Wars also had decent white armor, and it did not work, they were blown up anyway. Even when Ogilvy and Company fry themselves from Martian Martial Arts, they hobble and chop in a strange kind of dance, even though they are theoretically dead and reduced to skeletons that exist in inadequate dancing and winds. Maybe Timothy Hines rented the skeletons from Ray Harryhausen because he was left over from Jason And The Argonauts. Or was it "Josie And The Pussycats"? I do not know. The soldiers, presumably because they are "military", all seem to explode rather unconvincingly, like the soldier on crutches and his unfortunate comrades carrying the stretcher directly behind them. Impressive! I loved it! But the "Soldiers" all looked like they were either Spanish Civil War fascist forces or Boer Commandos (which would be more or less true for that time.) Maybe that was a bit cunning subtle of this evil genius of Hines.)?) , Strangely enough, the character of the curate looks exactly as it was drawn in the original illustrations by Warwick Goble, and it also provides the most compelling task of acting. Oh yeah. I must not forget the THUNDER CHILD. The book describes the warship as an iron torpedo ram. It was MEANT to ram enemy ships. The bow, however, was crumpled after the Tinker-Toy rammed Martian War Machines with a tiny serrated hole in the front arrow, and she sank. An iron warship like THUNDERCHILD could have battered and survived the TITANIC, but I believe the Royal Navy was bound by the same limitations as our own military. The costumes are all wrong, especially the uniforms of the British army and police, mostly cobbled together by USMC Alphas. And Timbo, in an obvious homage to Western Films Of Yore, has obviously filmed his film in the wild west of England, as all his drivers use western saddles. The accents used by almost everyone seem to be a mix of Scottish regional accents used by Clan Macabre and magically delicious Irish accents from County Malarky. On the credit side, and contrary to what a reviewer wrote, the only true, authentic feature of this thing is artillery. The guns are not from the Civil War, but they seem to me to be good-faith British nine- or twelve-pound rifled-break loaders, which are absolutely authentic at the time. So the shown ammunition was used. But the artilleryman, who is the horse artillery driver, was not properly shown driving his runner. You do not sit on the cuddly limer box and drive a gun team, you ride on the next-door cycling horses. The opening, which I believe is authentic footage, is fine, and the score is not bad. To the best of our knowledge, Weybridge has never had a subway, and that was certainly not the case in 1898. <br /> <br /> But when I read this novel, I am very disappointed. Still disappointed I was at Spielberg's tens of millions of dollars, special effects load version. Perhaps his version would have benefited from the exchange of Anthony Piana for Tom Cruise and vice versa. I have much more to say, but I will let it go: I wish someone would make a GOOD version of War Of The Worlds that is true to the original. Timmy's vision is good for high school film lessons, or maybe I should say being stupid for a college-level film student, and about as bad, which is the best I can say for this thing, but that's it. Oh yeah. Where did the budget go? And what happened to Michael Caine? I would like to hear his comments! I have a creeping suspicion that Timbo's "Orson Wood" Hines' stunning, groundbreaking movie masterpiece is just the high-risk director's ticket for the iconic star, because I must confess a guilty pleasure of watching this movie. I still pay, but was pensively sent to me by a friend who burned a DVD copy for me without any malicious intent. I must add here that I thought Blackmono's synced and truncated version was not only a tremendous improvement, but also an absolute, hysterically funny (in a good way) enjoyment to look at. I find it hard to see the version of Master Timbo in Blackmoon. Keep it up, Tim! Make your own version of "DUNE" now. It only awaits the hand of a master like you! And everything you do to your snobs, who hated Cloverfield? FORGET IT. It can not be TIMBO HINES ARTISTRY FOR SHEER HILARIOUS AWFULNESS! HEY GETS A LIFE! TIMBO IS HIGHER THAN MASTER ED WOOD! THAT'S NO JOKE!
