Lordi was a big hype and a big revelation in 2007 because they had won the Eurovision Song Contest with a (not so heavy) Metal song called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared like disgusting monsters on stage. But let's be honest, her victory most likely had very little to do with her great musical talents. Over the years, the Eurovision competition gradually became a major political circus, and Lordi probably won it because their song finally made a small change and ?? more importantly - because their whole deed has somehow genuinely faked the whole annual event. The very last thing that brings Lordi's first (and hopefully last) horror movie is change and ingenuity. "Dark Floors" is based on an idea of ​​the singer and plays in supporting roles the rest of the band. It's a really unimaginative and hopeless collection of clichés. The immense budget ("Dark Floors" is supposedly the most expensive Finnish movie of all time) definitely guarantees macabre set pieces and impressive make-up art. But where is not a story worth telling? The film takes place in a busy hospital where a group of people, including a father and his daughter with an unidentifiable illness, are trapped in the elevator during a power outage. When the doors open again, the floors are empty and it seems that the hospital has been abandoned for many years. In an attempt to reach the exit, the group encounters some morbid and inexplicable obstacles, such as eyeless corpses, screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters emerging from the floor. The only three points I pass on "Dark Floors" are intended solely for the scenery and the appropriate build-up of tension during the first half of the movie. As long as the eerie events do not require explanation, the atmosphere is pretty scary, but once you realize that the explanation a) is going to be very stupid or b) will never come, the whole thing collapses like an unstable house of cards. Lordi's costumes were never really scary at first (except perhaps for traditional Eurovision fans), and in combination with a story more reminiscent of the Asian ghost horror, they look downright pathetic and miserable. With all the national myths and really unique outside scenes, I personally always assumed that Finland ?? The land of a thousand lakes? would be the ideal breeding ground for possibly terrible horror stories, but I think that is another disillusionment for me.
