A fashion designer stumbles over a cat, falls into a pool and bangs her head on something that floats on the surface. With rather cheesy effects (this was a TV movie) she floats out of her body. She floats through a tunnel of swirling orange smoke, and black, stiff figures tilt into her vision (they look like the mannequins in her apartment). I almost thought I would see a Jess Franco movie ... When her friends revive her, she grabs a black arm on her wrist and she has to fight to break away. When she is revived, she remembers everything and has a nasty bruise on her forearm. Shortly thereafter, she is almost struck by a runaway car appearing on the sidewalk behind her. On Halloween she decides with her boyfriend for a holiday in Mexico. When she arrives, she is surprised that it is the day of the dead. They resent another American tourist who always follows them, and he almost drowns them. <br /> <br /> The designer is encouraged to join a group of people who have been near death. They all experienced the tunnel, but not the black pieces or the repeated near-escape routes. One of them has and is very worried. She is also encouraged to meet with a clairvoyant. A doctor tells her about people he calls "Wanderer" (the name of the novel on which he is based). These are people who allegedly died of a cause that has been found to have died from another cause during an investigation. So it's as if they went on after they died, until they died again, but he blames bad filing. <br /> <br /> I watched the 102 minute video and it felt awfully long. I can not imagine that there is actually a 192-minute version! If the movie was to be watched over two or more nights on TV, it should be seen as better than in a single session. <br /> <br /> I have only read a novel by Gary Brandner, Floater, and if so, is representative of his work, he is not the most original writer. Floater had the usual conspiracy: After being killed, killing revenge. Even the variation was quite common: children died and later killed people out of the grave for revenge. And indeed, it has one thing in common with this film: It practices astral projection, and when it drowns, it floats out of its body like this. I do not know how exactly From The Dead Of Night follows his novel Walkers. I understand that the Howling movies do not have much to do with his novels. <br /> <br /> It's a pretty slow movie, and the special effects and cinematography are really depressed by the (presumably) low budget and caring effect -TV deficiencies. There are many easily recognizable character actors. It also feels very old, rather early to mid-1980s than 1989. I thought it was boring. A much better low-budget movie on similar topics, which I believe has not dated so badly, is Sole Survivor (1983) (arguably the inspiration for the 2000s Final Destination films). It blows from the deepest night.
