I've just lost three hours of my life through this travesty, and I can honestly say I feel hurt. I had read the reviews and heard the warnings, and I thought I was prepared for anything - at best, I thought, a faithful (albeit misguided) attempt at initial adaptation; In the worst case, a good-and-bad "Plan 9" for the new millennium. So when I picked up a copy in Florida at Walmart and brought it back to the UK, I joked to my friends, "Get ready for the worst movie ever made!" Oh, cruel karma. There is absolutely NOTHING to recommend this movie. The "special effects" look like the work of a first year design student using a Spectrum ZX81. The acting is terrible, the accents are worse than terrible (an artillery men's accent seems to accompany us on a tour of the British Isles from Scotland to Wales via Northern Ireland), the dialogue is dull, the editing is not there. The production values ​​prove that no expenditures were made. Words really can not describe how bad this movie is; from the Union flag, which flies from the awful CGI'd Thunderchild (the Royal Navy flies the White Ensign, NOT the Union Flag) to Woodworm Acting, this is simply a crime against filming. If you look at some of the most literally zero-budget fan movies available on the web (such as the short "Troops" from Star Wars), the whole argument "we're enthusiastic amateurs" comes right out the window. And if you believe an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, this movie had an eight-figure budget! I can only assume that dodgy facial hair in the US is not cheap. Maybe the problem is that Hines & Co. tried to make a movie out of the book instead of turning the book into a movie (if that makes sense). Characters and extras literally spurt out pieces of text without trying to convey the feelings behind the words. Ironically, Darlene Sellers, the ex-soft porn actress, was the ONLY person to even come close to performing properly. My advice? Pray how crazy that Jeff does not mess up Wayne, and check out the Spielberg version. It may not be consistent with the text of the book, but I can say that; As a lifelong HG Wells fan (and also the Englishman), Speilberg's film is true to the spirit of the book. Maybe the Customs were wrong to let me carry this monster into the country, but I say that: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life and I want her back.
