One of the weaker carry-on adventures sees Sid James head a criminal gang stealing contraceptive pills. The fourth installment of the hospital-based series may be the least in the genre. It's a strangely flat feeling overall, with seemingly cranky material below the face value. This is far removed from Nadir in the late 1970s, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard et al. All class artists are not yet equipped with the support of a script that matches their ability. <br /> <br /> Most gags run rather than episodic, as is usually the case with carry-ons. So if you do not find the joke funny, stay in place of the traditional hit rate for most of the movie. These ongoing storylines include Williams ?? for no good reason ?? worrying that he's going to change sex, and Kenneth Cope in the reins Like the dizzy Pratt physical cases, the whole thing feels more than in other films, and he lacks a cast of interest. Continuing this theme, Matron lacks the usual pun and allusion format, and he largely chooses characterization and consistency to provide the humor. In fact, the somewhat puerile series of stubborn misunderstandings and forced circumstances reminds one more of Terry and June ... so it is appropriate that Terry Scott be present, who consistently overwhelms uselessly. <br /> <br /> Some dialogue exchanges have some of the old magic, like this between Scott and Cope: "What about a little drink?" "Oh no, no, I never touch it." "Oh, cigarette then?" "No, I never touch her." "That leaves you only one thing." "I never touch that either." That said, while a weird man (who makes the boring episodes of Randall and Hopkirk (deceased) endless) is an independent right, you feel that Cope is not dressed in the self-parodying Carry On idealology and that Bernard is Bresslaw, dressed like a nurse, would be much funnier. This happens in part, but only for the last 15 minutes. <br /> <br /> Williams, who tries to seduce Hattie Jacques while hiding in a cupboard, is a drawer-room farce, but he lacks the irony of Williams' description of pre-marital relationships, however invaluable: "You do not just go to the store and buy enough for the whole room, you tear off a small strip and try it first!" "That may be so," says Jacques, "but you will not push me against a wall." Williams really comes alive in his scenes with Hattie, and you never get bored listening to a brass pipe when someone accidentally flashes their underpants. <br/> <br /> Carry On Matron is by no means a bad movie a grueling swamp standard.
