I have this movie version of R.D. Blackmore's classic novel as a replacement until the A & E version of 2001 was released as a video. And what a bad substitution it was! This version does not have the authentic, I feel like an I-there aspect of the A & E movie. The actors are mostly made of wood (with Sean Bean the exception) and the "romance" seems forced and thoughtful. In fact, there is no kissing until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whichever you prefer) and the evil Carver Doone is not mentioned or expanded. We do not get much insight into Carver or why he has romantic feelings for Lorna. This film cuts out many of the novel's most important and interesting characters, such as: Counselor Doone and John's keen youngest sister Lizzie, who were crucial to the plot. The script itself is lacking in conviction. The political intrigue is not in the script. The way Lorna created the Doones does not match the original story. Do not get me wrong, Clive Owen is a handsome and talented actor (look for Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation), but he's consistently bland and stoic and long hair (it could have been a bad wig) does not suit him !!!! Polly Walker is a pretty and accomplished actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, which also cost her with Sean Bean), but she looks colorless and dull. She has a cold on her lip that does not hide make-up, and the costumes are not authentic. The late Robert Stephens makes a respectable turn as Sir Ensor Doone, though he refers to Lorna only as his favorite and not as his granddaughter, whom she claimed to be in the book. It also seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe it's the make-up) and the landscape is brown, cold, gray and barren, with no hint of a sunny sky. I understand that it plays in southwest England, but there it is green and they get their sunshine !!! The portrayal of the character of Tom Faggus and his "death", which does not occur in the novel, makes the movie even more depressing. The one positive note is the performance of Sean Bean as a carver. Although not reminiscent of Aidan Gillen's portrayal in the A & E movie, Bean makes a nasty villain. In short, just look at it, if you have a few hours to kill, but do not expect anything exciting, or stay true to the novel. Over this tired adaptation you can highly recommend any other version (but I recommend the movie from A & E).
