Granted, I did not have high expectations for "Corky Romano". But who did that? However, I felt that it deserved the doubt. Nor did I have much hope for "Joe Dirt" - another recent comedy with an SNL actor - and I was pleasantly surprised. But this movie is just as bad as in the previews. Chris Kattan is actually a talented comic actor - unlike what you might think after watching this movie - with great energy. He has been in many fun SNL skits and I think he is currently one of SNL's most talented members. In this case he has received a lame, meaningless script and tries to improve every scene with his incessant ambush. In each scene he tries a lame Jerry Lewis plot and fails miserably. Jerry Lewis knew how to go through this kind of physical comedy, not to mention working with much better writing. Kattan just looks like an ignorant idiot with ADHD who had too many Cafe Lattes. He does not even wait for the punch line; He assumes we'll all laugh as soon as he jumps on crack like a monkey. In one scene, he ends up with a dog that has a pack of cocaine in his mouth. The package explodes and the cocaine splatters over him. He returns to his job and rubs for Coke. Well, how are we supposed to laugh about his hyperbole and sneer when he does the same throughout the movie? <br /> <br /> As for the rest of the cast ... Vanessa Shaw is really hot, Peter Berg is wasted in a thankless role, and so is Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also wasted, though he has some funny lines that I'm convinced he improvised. I hope that someday Falk gets a decent movie. That's too much talent too much for a clunker like "Corky Romano". I did not like Falk's last movie "Made" either, but at least he had a decent role. <br /> <br /> I giggled a few times, but I could not laugh. Every gag will be executed without timing or delivery. And it gets worse with Kattan's joke acting. And there are certain gags that are strictly pulled out. For example, when Kattan farting in the face of his two brothers. He stands there for two or three minutes, trying to get a fart out, and when he finally does, he's a little chap. It's bad enough if you have a gag that's weird and pull it out, but if you have a lame gag and you pull it out, that's a lot worse. Another example is the attempt to translate what these two Asian men say during a drug spell. I can go on with what's wrong with this so-called comedy, but I will not waste my time. As I said, if you predicted bad things from the followers, you predicted correctly. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
