Why is this movie so bad? Well, if it's a reason to be so stupidly annoying and inglorious, then this movie is it. The character of Corky Romano is at best unlikely and in the worst case downright annoying. The gags are predictable, but that does not make it bad. You are the lame jokes your listless friend would say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is about a gentle veterinarian who tries to do the right thing but is so awkward. His quiet life is thrown in a loop when the family that once despised him now has to infiltrate the FBI to destroy family history. For Corky, however, it is not so easy because the FBI considers him a super agent and obliges him to spy on his own family. Punctures and chaos follow, but it does not really feel like a funny hijixn is there. Corky falls in love with his handsome FBI partner and must set the record with both the FBI and his family if he is to return to the quiet life. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this movie irritating is both the lead actor and the supposed jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his disturbing limitations as an actor and his slapstick routine falls into the movie after about 10 minutes. It's okay to have a whole movie made up of stupid slapstick humor. Will Ferrel, Kattan's SNL partner, seems to have made a full career out of it. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to slow down and rely on other ways. There is absolutely no variety in Kattan's routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for a whole movie that's just torture. <br /> <br /> The other problem of the movie was the lack of really original and funny jokes. The gay mafia rover, the awkward guy, and many other forgetful jokes do not seem as funny as the first time you barely laughed about it. It seems that the scriptwriters have more fun writing this than someone who has looked at it. Even with a cast of comedic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk) the jokes are tired. There is no chemistry either. This movie was obviously one for the paperbacks for the actors. No body seemed to care or even try. Sadly, nobody has told Chris Kattan that.
