Although I had heard that "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian movie of the decade, I watched that there was a chance. the first-time director / producer / writer Alexandre Stockler has managed to make his debut film (shot in video) for only $ 4,000, and although he looks even cheaper, I can not imagine what he's been through to finally get it exhibited in the cinemas without having big sponsors or production companies behind them (when I saw it, I realized why). Whatever you want to do for "Cama de Gato", they will shrink to zero within 10 minutes: it's an incredibly absurd, verbose, ideologically fanatical and technically catastrophic attempt to portray Brazilian upper middle class youth as a bunch of spoiled people addicted to neo-Nazis after bad sex, drugs and violence (and they also act like closed gays), with no visible trace of talent, imagination, skill or notions of structure. Visually and acoustically, it recalls the worst amateur material you can find on YouTube - only here it takes NINETY TWO (Count'em) minutes of relentless hysteria and awkwardness, and it's not even funny. <br /> <br /> We've all seen the story before: bored young people want to have fun, party, drug and everything goes awry - there's rape, beatings, murder, accidental death (falling! !) the mother of one of the boys who culminates with the boys who have decided to burn the bodies of the girl and the mother in a landfill. Moral and literal garbage, do you understand? The film is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - albeit moralists and sexualists - are first-rate masterpieces in comparison to this crap. <br /> <br /> I do not think a filmmaker ever had such a monomaniacal urge to put his ideas in the throat of the audience: Stockler grabs us by the collar and tries to repeat his tireless moral song by repeating it Forcing exhaustion into our brains - you get it dull with so much babbling, screaming, improper direction, shaky camera and terrible spectacle. Stockler is not interested in technology (the quality of the images, the framing, the sound recording, the soundtrack songs, the dialogues, the sets, the editing, etc. are uniformly disgusting), but he is a narcissistic control freak: he anticipates the criticism that he's got to add subtitles with Smartie / Cutie comments, and at one point get the protagonists to say how far-fetched and fake everything is (I could refer to that). <br /> <br /> Despite his megalomaniacal ambitions, Stockler does not seem to be able to give us a minimum of visual or narrative structure - he can not even decide if he has a creepy realism (handheld video camera, etc.) or Stylization (repetition of scenes, use of alternative takes etc.). Damn, he can not even decide where to put his camera (for the THREE electrodes, a subjective camera is used)! The dialogue contains some of the most amazingly banal vocabulary ever; The plot is only to justify the director's deep hatred for his characters and what they stand for. All you see is a filmmaker who is hateful, preaching, judgmental, and moralizing without having a minimum of talent (or technique). <br /> <br /> It is very disappointing to find Caio Blat in this mess. Certainly one of Brazil's most promising young film actors, with his sleepy puppy-dog look and emotional lead, often reminiscent of Sal Mineo's, Blat can be highly effective under good direction (as in "Carandiru", "Lavoura Arcaica", "Proibido Proibir") , Here he is told to be exaggerated and he has to play with some of the most embarrassingly under-served "actors" lately. He also enters the risky area of ​​graphic sexploitation scenes (so god-fearing that they look more like webcam porn). <br /> <br /> The film begins and ends with real interviews with "typical" (?) middle-class teens - Stockler wants us to see these interviews as "proof" of what he's trying to preach in fiction. However, he loathes himself and makes fun of his interviewees by selecting a climax of rundown, racist, sexist and stupid statements (which only shows that there are assholes everywhere). Stockler wants to prove that Brazilian middle-class teens are ALL present or future fascists, BECAUSE they are in the middle class and enjoy recreational drugs (does he say that all neo-fascists are taking drugs or that drugs can potentiate fascist behavior?) <Br / > <br /> With its dogmatic self-righteousness, headache-causing technique and boring boredom, "Cama de Gato" is bad for 1,000 reasons, but above all damaging in a very treacherous way: it gives the critics of Brazilian cinema a beating case , "Cama de Gato" is best unnoticed, unmentioned, buried and forgotten.
