A close look back at Nuremberg has to look at the unintentional door to history opened with the movie "valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) finally tells the world that during the Second World War there was a German resistance organized professionally with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to defeat the Nazi political regime and install a new chancellor To find peace and gain peace Close the concentration camps. However, these unknown absolute heroes did not receive any help from the Allies, who supported the French resistance right next door. Historians have since used an institutionalized agenda to hide an Allied evil that cost tens of millions of lives, and everyone believed that the German people fully supported the Nazis and, consequently, the 24-hour bombing genocide and " unconditional surrender ". that was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> The German Enigma codes were broken by English scientists in 1943, and it became known what the Germans were doing. In 1943, the Germans developed new jet fighters and jet bombers from companies such as Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. Even if the Nazis were eliminated and the German Resistance had been successful, the Allies would not allow any democracy in the world to have jet fighters, jet bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles, and guided missiles without them USA would have it first! Here the institutionalized agenda is relevant. Consequently, the German resistance received no help from the Allies, although he always had decisive intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The coup of July 20, 1944, is proof that the Germans have made considerable efforts to achieve peace. Instead, the Germans received ultimatums of "unconditional surrender" and 24-hour satiety bombs to avoid peace. The Allies wanted to steal the best technology and scientists in the world from the Germans and retain their full possession through an "unconditional surrender". It was a deliberate allied agenda to allow the war to keep the Nazis in power to justify the 24-hour bombing raids, but it took a year after the Allied armies invaded Germany to capture the World's Largest Technology and Scientists on the Run to Steal a Weapon However, tens of millions of people had died since the Allies abandoned the German resistance because of their own greed. <br /> <br /> The Allies imposed an "unconditional surrender" on the Germans as an excuse to take full ownership and control of German property and the German government. This happened without using the German resistance to throw the Nazis. The Allies wanted to steal the world's best technology and scientists from the Germans in order to achieve technological world domination. Consequently, everything else was on the agenda of the evil Allies, who killed millions of German people in the 24-hour bombing raids. the concentration camps remained open; The war was extended and led to the "Cold War" with weapons based on German industrial success, technology and scientists of the Germans of the Second World War. The Nuremberg war crimes trials of 1946 were public relationship fraud and mass murder, committed by the Allies as retroactive justice for the Nazis. It was a chimney to hide the Allies' evil and greedy plans for technological world domination, rather than helping the German resistance overthrow the political regime of the Nazis. Tens of millions of people died because the Allies had given up German resistance. However, an agenda included retaliation against the German chiefs of staff, who paid with their lives in Nuremberg war crimes or not, even though the Allies had committed genocide to achieve technological world domination.
