This word 'true' in the title of this movie has sounded my alarm bells. They sounded louder when a title card referred to the American Civil War as "war between states" (the preferred version of hard-nosed Southerners). Jesse James - thief, slave owner and murderer - is described as a quiet, gentle peasant boy. <br /> <br /> How dishonest is this movie? There is NO mention of slavery, much less the documented fact that Jesse James' poor, widowed mother owned slaves before the war and that Jesse and his brother Frank fought actively for the maintenance of slavery. According to this movie, all of these civil war soldiers really fought to decide if Missouri is a northern state or a southern state ... that's EVERYTHING. (Missouri: It's a candy mint!) It's a hint of mint!) Black people are completely absent in this movie. Just two glimpses of a pair of beggars, one of whom carries the "HELP THE POOR" sign, which is very implausibly handwritten (some 19th century newspapers are also inaccurate with 20th century typefaces.) <Br / > <br /> This movie has a strange flashback structure. There are some very impressive stunt rides (and some good work by stunt horses) and a great montage. I enjoyed a line of dialogue: "Some of these boys will never taste beans again." The film sums up a few facts: Agnes Moorehead, as Jesse's mother, hides her right arm in the aftermath of the Pinkerton agents 'attack (here called "Remington"), in which Jesse James' real mother had injured injuries an amputation required from her forearm. Some errors are forgivable: In his bushy days, the real Jesse James accidentally shot off part of his left middle finger, but Robert Wagner (here in the title role) has no stump finger. I saw a photo of Jesse James' real wife. If she looked half as glamorous as Hope Lange in this movie, Jesse James might have stayed home earlier. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of revisionism here, and most male actors wear 50s hairstyles. Many of these mistakes were avoidable. Jesse James mentor William Quantrill is mentioned several times, but all the actors mispronounce his name. We see Jesse and his wife move into a lavish, two-story home (where he'll soon die) after paying a $ 18 rent. In fact, Jesse James' last home (1318 Lafayette Street, St. Joseph, Missouri) was a simple one-story cottage that was rented for $ 14. There was no upper floor ... so when Jesse James was killed, his wife could not come running from the top, as Hope Lange does here. (She was actually in the kitchen.) <br /> <br /> One continuity flaw: Robert Wagner (without stuntdouble) has an impressive job taking a snail to the jaw and falling over while his hands are tied behind his back ... but when he gets up, the rope that binds his wrists has disappeared. <br /> <br /> The script makes a weird and unnecessary juggling of data. After the raid in Northfield, Jesse wants to come home until his birthday. The actual raid on the Northfield Bank by James Gang (September 7, 1876) was two days after Jesse James's birthday. (Perhaps he meant the next anniversary.) Later, we see Jesse and his wife move into their house in St. Joseph on a beautiful summer's day, while Jesse tells her what he's up to before Christmas Eve ... but in real life, Lord and Mrs. Jesse James moved into this house on December 24, 1881 ... so this scene should be * on Christmas Eve *! These mistakes were completely avoidable. <br /> <br /> Some of the fictionalizations here do not make sense. According to this film, the raid on Northfield Bank failed because a (fictitious) henchman had cut the telegraph wires too late. If this had actually happened, it would actually have hindered the escape of James Gang ... but it would not have affected the raid itself, which failed for other reasons. <br /> <br /> There are good performances by Jeffrey Hunter (as Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (as Cole Younger) and the stage actress Marian Seldes in a rare film role. Robert Wagner, usually an underrated actor, has disappointed me. Wagner has demonstrated his impressive reach by convincingly portraying heroes, baddies and morally ambiguous characters. Here he does not seem to decide whether to portray Jesse James as a goodie or a villain ... so he does not care. In his performance, John Carradine telephones in a short role as a foolish fool preacher who baptizes Jesse and his wife at their wedding. Jesse James was baptized in childhood by his uncle, a Methodist minister ... but maybe this second baptism is an upswing. Jesse James was not a Robin Hood. (I doubt Robin Hood was Robin Hood either, but that's another story.) There is not a single documented instance of Jesse James who has ever shared his loot with anyone outside of his own family. After some raids, he did not even share the loot with the rest of his gang. In this film, Jesse is shot down immediately after vowing to give up his bandit ways forever. In fact, Jesse James and the Ford brothers stole horses the night before Jesse's death, which Jesse was planning to use the next day in a robbery at City-Bank. In preparation for most of his robberies, Jesse James stole the horses of local farmers ... the same poor people who (in the false legends) were supposedly the beneficiaries of his generosity. I flinched at a scene in which the fictional Jesse James was so gol-durn refined that he rejects an oil painting depicting Nudes tastefully. <br /> <br /> 'The True (not much!) Jesse James' is wantonly dishonest about a thief murderer and equally dishonest about the Civil War. For the very impressive stunt work, a good montage and a few good-acting twists I rate this obscene dishonest film with 2 out of 10 points.
