Before I give Spike Lee's confusion with the movie SUMMER OF SAM a deserved thrash, I want to make one thing clear. I do not just dismiss this film for its abundance of unpleasant and unpleasant images. What makes this movie so unsurpassable is the fact that Lee seems to believe that SUMMER OF SAM should be taken seriously as a socially enlightening drama. For example, Quentin Tarantino's crime-movie films are full of violence, obscenities, and other impasses, but they are still very good to watch as Tarantino does not try to play these films as social-saving works of art. He knows that such movies are only entertaining. On the other hand, serious dramas such as SAVING PRIVATE RYAN and SCHINDLER'S LIST are often uncomfortable to watch, but the inconvenience is to develop the plot and characters of the film, with the goal of emotionally engaging the audience with the story and the characters on the screen bring to. Unfortunately, SUMMER OF SAM only indulges in its own sensation and sloppiness, while believing that it serves as a social comment, much like other trash epics. <br /> <br /> SUMMER OF SAM does not serve as a serious drama because your characters are just cardboard stereotypes. His plot is to show the emotional impact of hysteria over the murder of Son of Sam on the inhabitants of the predominantly Italian-American Nordbronx district in which the murders occurred. But instead of presenting the locals as a diverse mix of personalities, Lee simply triggers every imaginable negative Italian stereotype. The men are ignorant, lazy and exaggerated. The women are divided between weak, complacent "good girls" (Mira Sorvinos Dionna) and promiscuous "bad girls" (Jennifer Espositos Ruby). Lee appears to avenge Hollywood's years of negative African stereotyping by erasing its own stereotypes, and few critics seem to care. For example, if Martin Scorsese introduced residents of an African-American neighborhood as a set of stereotypes of Amos' Andy and Aunt Jemima, critics would rightly condemn such obvious stereotyping. More importantly, one-dimensional, stereotyped characters undermine any movie that tries to be a serious social commentary. <br /> <br /> The cast of SUMMER OF SAM is without exception outstanding. However, acting is largely uninspired. The cast is either just through the moves, or they have little to do with scripting. In addition, there are remarkable miscarriages. The comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but his vinny character seems to be a stale, comedic imitation of John Travolta's Tony Manero of SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER. And Michael Badalucco, a perennial "nice guy", is a bad joke as a serial killer David Berkowitz and looks weird rather than scary. The only thing to keep in mind is Adrien Brody, the troubled but sincere neighbor Ritchie. The Brody performance and the typically stylish Lee cinematography are the only virtues of this film. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 out of ****
