After hearing how bad this movie is, I took the plunge and bought the DVD. Apart from that, everything mentioned earlier about this movie is true. For a movie claiming to have a budget in the millions, it simply will not be shown on screen. The list of problems with the movie could last forever. Above all, the movie is just too long. It took a few minutes, less than 3 hours. For almost an hour, the runtime could probably have been interrupted if the editor had simply removed the abundance of scenes that had nothing to do with it but the main character running aimlessly around. <br /> <br /> Secondly, as many of the "trailers" have pointed out, the special effects are anything but special. The tripods looked good here and there in a few shots, but beyond that, everything was Grade-Z quality of the '70s or' 80s. The worst effects were probably the horses, who stumbled stiffly as they moved. The heat ray effects were ridiculous as people were reduced to bones that could somehow move without muscles. Compassionate was also the Thunder Child sequence, in which the thunder child, described in the book as an iron-studded ram, did not look like it. Instead, it resembled a World War I destroyer, complete with deck guns (which fired but no visible crew) and torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> The colors and backgrounds were just as bad as the effects. Most ridiculous was a scene in which the main character and his wife go for a walk at night and he draws their attention to Mars in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the view of the figures and the landscape is bright. There is also a very sharp demarcation between the sunlit landscape and the black night sky with too big, blurry stars. To distract even further, the color of the scenes made no sense. In some, they are bathed in orange light. In other green light. For others, it is blue light. In some cases the outside is orange, but the interiors of the houses are green or blue. The frame rate and the camera are very shaky and give everything a stuttering look. <br /> <br /> Finally, the spectacle is overall below average. A man represents two characters, the only difference being that there was a mustache. This sometimes led to confusion about who was who and where they were all. The English accents are outrageous even to American ears. <br /> <br /> To sum up, this film can claim to be the worst movie of late. I have not seen Gigli or any of the other flops lately, but because of their poor quality in all respects, it has to be slightly worse than anything Hollywood's mainstream has produced. I would not be surprised if the movie comes under the last 10 or 20 in the IMDb ranking. It is a pity that Mystery Science Theater is not still there.
