*WARNING. It could be spoiler if you take care of it. * <br /> <br /> Okay, the basic requirement of this native Texas movie is: College Kids + Spookhouse + Wicked Spellbook = Creepy Stuff. In practice, it takes a lot of time to look at the time to see how long this movie will last. A group of boy boys build a charity house together with various friends and volunteers. The project is led by a thoroughly repulsive character whose main purpose is to verbally and physically attack as many actors as possible. It was hard for me to believe that anyone would even try to work with this person: he is nothing but rude and abusive to anyone, including his girlfriend and boyfriend. Regardless, the children are visited by the native character and the annual Pumpkin Jack "Pumpkin Jack", an older coot called "Santa Claus of Halloween" who drops off a lot of props for the house, including an ominous book written in the An irritatingly flashing prologue (in which a group of dressed cultists turned into frying pan) played a prominent role. It's needless to say that a damn fool starts to study the book, and eventually most of the costumed monsters turn into real ones, and the few normal people have to try to survive. There are some good things in this movie, but not much: Everything is well received and the makeup effects are decent. On the other hand, the performers are either too little or too strong. Much of the plot makes little sense outside a series "This happens so that can happen"; There is hardly any music of which one could speak, only pieces from the entire film. and the movie takes an hour to really get somewhere. The last problem is the most instructive: two-thirds of the 90-minute runtime is used to repeatedly set up the characters. Tom is a nice guy from Heidi, the control freak, but he teamed up with Jill, who's now with Dan, the wanker, but she's got a relationship. Kira, the girl who wears too many towels / capes. Dan is a really big idiot, Gary likes to play jokes and Steve & Lily love to have sex. Things that could have been done easily in 20 minutes or so are drawing back and forth to the point where the lesbian "sex" scene (calms down, it's pretty tame) is looking for me Fast forward button has left. That leaves half an hour of low-calorie anxiety, a klunky ending, and a deep aversion to the old Pumpkin Jack, whom I blame for all the chaos. If you can not get this for a kind of low-priced rental (and really have seen everything else in the store), put it back on the shelf and keep looking.
