I honestly believe that EVERYONE considering filmmaking is subject to this overwhelming failure. Like the "films" by Edward Wood, Jr. in the 60s and 70s, this film is a shining example of why real filmmakers spend so much energy rewriting scripts, re-editing their films, and reworking their special effects until they finally, look to the right. This film is also a decent argument for the preliminary investigation of the studios. If Mr. Hines was forced to endure the honest reactions of an impartial public, he might have cut 75% or run / walk / walk scenes and shortened the movie to a more tolerable 90 minutes. Film students should take this film as an example of how dangerous it can be that their work is "good enough". Every performance, every line of dialogue, every digital effect, every filter effect, in fact every video frame, expresses the danger of striving for mere mediocrity. An initial filmmaker may from time to time be tempted to think, "At least I've achieved something," or "Just ending this will be a feat in itself." This film helps them to understand how bad a movie can be. <br /> <br /> Critics might also benefit from watching this movie before calling the latest summer entertainment the "worst movie ever". <br /> Beginners can learn from this film how important rewriting is, and perhaps understand the need for rewriting. Initial directors can also learn how important a good script is, and a degree of respect for how hard it is to write a script that makes the audience feel emotionally forced through the story. Authors and directors who watch bad cable TV movies of the week and think, "I can do better than that," in this film can get an idea of ​​how difficult it really is to get even mediocre results. <br /> <br I sincerely believe that this film can serve as a beginner's beginner's tool. Especially those who enter Lucas and Post-Spielberg in this current environment. There is a reason why filmmakers like these are celebrated for their special effects abilities. The war of the worlds shows clearly that not everyone can do it. Some may not even be close.
