I probably give it more than it deserves, because it's Halloween, I've just been to Knott's Scary Farm and I was in the mood to watch a really kitschy Halloween movie. Oh, and that only cost me a dollar. <br /> <br /> I usually go through a movie like this to get to "the good stuff", but I resisted the urge here and am still not sure why. It was obvious that this was not a "real" movie, not even a B-movie. It's more in the category of DeCoteau "horror" movies like "The Brotherhood," which filmed for about 50 cents in the movie-look video (in fact, I was half-fearing that one of his beefy college guys would stumble if he rubs himself.) in his underpants or something. There were no intermediate shots (too expensive for multiple camera settings) and flat lighting, but ... it's hard to determine. It's refreshing when a director with no money shows a reasonably decent movie. The fact that he does a decent job is praiseworthy, and this film has its merits - acting is not bad, photography is pretty good (albeit too bright to be weird), there are some surprises , and the whole thing is somehow ... different. <br /> <br /> A bunch of college kids are stuck (for some unknown reason) in the warehouse where they decorate the annual haunted house. A scary old man gives them a satanic book, and they inadvertently call the forces of hell together. This causes the costumed people in the haunted house to become what they have become and cause a lot of chaos and human suffering. Along the way, we are confronted with a weirdly complex and thoughtful lesbian relationship plot - it's interesting that this couple seems to be the best rounded in the movie. Yes, there is a sex scene, but it is not wasteful - or at least not more than you would find in a serious movie about lesbians showing that they have sex. It is quite unusual for a horror movie to spend time and effort without resorting to cheap exploitation. <br /> <br /> The other thing that caught my interest was how it was clearly tried to make the "stupid kids have sex and get killed" of the 80s slashers. It's hard to accept because there are so many films that already exist. The genre was made to death. I'm not sure if it's good or bad that these filmmakers simply tried to make another entry in this genre without irony, as if it were still a LIVING genre, but I appreciated the effort. <br /> <br /> Which is why I have eaten it; Sometimes you just want to watch a horror movie "A-for-effort" without budget. It was really too much, not enough Gore, endless plots, dead ends and clichés and the unfortunate overall feeling of a movie that just did not have enough money to be the movie the producers had imagined ... but at least the ghost house scenes were pretty cool. I would pay to go to this haunted house if it had existed, and I would not mind paying a dollar to watch it on DVD, though I'll never look at it again. Oh, and ** Possible Spoiler **, but there was a great, short deal with the vampire in the coffin: "I used to be claustrophobic, but I've changed." Ha ha, good.
