In this "sequel", Bruce is still called Billy Lo (do you understand? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee, No?) But apart from that, all this has to do with the other movie. Billy does not seem to be an actor anymore. He seems to be in another country. He is more of a spy. He is the only actor who returns. Unfortunately, they kill him to make room for a new character, his brother Bobby. If Bruce dies, the film unfortunately dies with him. This was done extremely badly. It seemed they were writing the script during the filming. The footage works for a while (it's not obvious at first), but soon Bruce is always shown in the dark (he suddenly sheds a light, for no other reason, to hide the fact that Bruce is not playing the part) , Unfortunately, when he dies, the film changes. I can not wonder if they filmed when they wrote and maybe planned to keep Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him because it would not have been plausible since Bobby will not appear until Billy is dead , It's hard to change the main character halfway through the movie, and it's hard to follow Bruce. So it's hard to accept Bobby as a star now. Bruce will never be seen again in this movie. I think they should have done this sequel without Bruce, he has a bad role in this movie. The people hoping to see a new Bruce Lee movie will be disappointed that he has received the highest billing, but only plays a major role. Even the worst movies have at least one memorable song. If there was anything about this movie that people seem to talk about, it's the scene Billy fights in a nursery. Ironically, he does not even use shots of Bruce Lee. In No Retreat No Surrender they have made it more convincing. None of the other actors here did anything different. The girlfriend of Bruce (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to turn it off as soon as Bruce has written his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the movie is worth it. I really saddened to see Bruce die. I do not see how a small budgeted movie could get so much money to use footage from Enter The Dragon. This was a cheap way to get Bruce's name paid off. Strangely enough, this and the original are included in Bruce's filmography. Fortunately, nobody has ever tried anything similar. 1981 was the year of Bruce's last film appearance. It was a sad way to end it, but fortunately, it's proof that Bruce's film career should be left alone.
