Can not you give stars for a movie? I do not suppose. As many IMDb stars indicate, just think zero and you'll get my drift. Director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have a big budget compared to Spielberg's Herculean effort with the same material (which was considered the most expensive movie of all time), but that does not have to be an insurmountable handicap. I've seen some wonderful work on a comparative shoelace ("Soldier and Saints" is a recent example). With hard work, integrity and above all talent, it is certainly possible to realize a faithful interpretation of Wells's novel - and a fraction of what Dreamworks has spent on his "War of the Worlds". Unfortunately, Hines failed in all these departments. Even if he had Spielberg's budget and signed Tom Cruise for the lead role, his movie would have stinked just as badly as this barn animal he imposed on us. <br /> <br /> First and foremost, Hines does not seem to tell a story. Thanks to digital video technology, he can record images and sound, but shows little inclination to record a narrative with what he takes. A guy goes a lot through a country road. He talks badly, he spoke English with another man. Then he goes along the same track, this time just shot from behind, to show that he returns - smart, right? Go and talk, it all happens for almost an hour. OK, I admit that an extended excursion from the main character's home to the impact site on Horsell Common shows that it can be a considerable distance from one place to another (a first year film student could be more economical and more aesthetic than this, by the way but half a dozen times, back and forth, back and forth, et cetera, et cetera with some yakkity-yak between them.Noteworthy.The only explanation for this overabundance of redundancy, aside from total artistic incompetence, is the desire, thirty minutes miserably amateurish CG work in something that could be offered as a feature film, finally the Martian Martial Arts machines appear, and the running and speaking goes and talks or screams, and later we'll stagger and howl for dessert <br /> <br / > Fortunately, much of the dialogue is taken straight from the text of HG Wells, otherwise we would not have a clue what to do But is not cinema the purpose of illuminating a text in order to understand what words alone can not convey? If a movie needs dialogue or a monologue to tell us what we see or how we should feel, then why bother? Why not play a radio? Orson Welles made a name for himself. Hines, however, thinks he's a filmmaker, so he's content to speak the words and swallow the meaning. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Hines was able to buy some CG effects for his film, but he has no idea how to use them. Now I do not have an indelible sweet tooth for eye candy. I think a good science fiction movie does not need dazzling technical effects. Some really potent sci-fi's did not bloom at all. But "The War of the Worlds" as a film requires a certain amount of basic effort. Wells tells a story where pivot points can be seen, heard and even smelled. The effects do not have to be complex. They can even be crude (eg, combat machines on wires gliding along miniature streets, as seen in the 1955 George Pal / Byron Haskins version), but they must be well handled. Unfortunately, the effects of Hines are both gross and incompetent. Tripod fighters taller than a dome top stomp around making a sound like a pogo stick hopping on linoleum? Mars squidids, despite being suppressed by the fourfold gravity of their homeworld, flit and scurry around without any apparent effort. Skeletons made up of flesh and muscle scream and yell - the same damned horse and buggy greenscreens pull themselves through the foreground a dozen times (occasionally left and right, hoping we would not notice)? and on ad nauseum. Rough technique is forgivable. So you have a CG firing effect that is unconvincing? Good, we can handle that. Do not use it too often and just show it. This stamped women's sequence looks more like a crushed plum? Throw it away. It is not necessary. You say that your Mars flyer looks like a toy on a string? If you need to use it, continue, but please do not show it twice! But no, Hines is not listening. We get the worst-looking stuff over and over again. I have to get those 180 minutes somehow, boy. <br /> <br /> Next we have acting or, more accurately, too much acting. Whether in a speaking role or just paid to die in line, everyone in this movie plays his little heart. Obviously, Hines thinks he's making a bargain. You shivering behind the tree, let's have a real rapprochement for this attitude. What do you call that you turn into agony? Nonsense, my grandmother can wind better - Nevertheless, the performers come together and individually after. They are not even good amateurs. But that does not have to prove fatal. It has often turned a good movie with rancid acting. The directors are there for that. And editors. What brings up another point? Who the hell let Tim Hines edit this cheese factory? If America's slaughterers were as skilled at slicing meat as Hines is at filming, then your next hamburger would be all fingers and not beef. Despite the nearly three-hour runtime, there's a lot of missing material in this movie - not sequences, but individual frames that produce an intrusive effect that is daunting. Maybe Hines wanted to simulate the effect of a hand cranked cinema camera of the 1890s. If it was him, I can say that he does not know how to do it.
