I'd like to start by saying that I'm NOT an anime fanatic (with some notable exceptions), and I generally have a bad opinion of so-called otakus, as they are so in love with their particular style of cartoons they label each movie prickly, large-eyed figures as a work of art, without considering other important factors such as the plot. And no anime movie represents this separation between otakus and people with current tastes better than this elegant trash, Fatal Fury: The Movie. <br /> <br /> If you look through the glassy, ​​funny eyes of an otaku, there is little to complain about in Fatal Fury - there is a lot of quirky Japanese humor, duels, some "dramatic" moments and everything is beautifully drawn , All others, however, are rejected by the clichéd, predictable conspiracy with clichéd, predictable signs that culminate in a clichéd, predictable ending. The love scenes are hilariously exuberant - the scene in which Sulia Terry "heals" is obviously intended as a tender moment, but it's virtually impossible not to let the ridiculous ridiculousness make you laugh in spirals. And of course Fatal Fury is not without compulsory cartoons - this is delivered for free by Mai-Shiranui. And since Fatal Fury is based on the video game series of the same name (oh boy), we're being charged with lots of pointless cameo characters by popular characters with little or no relevance to the storyline (they're doing everything they can to introduce them.) Kim early, just so he has completely disappeared from the film after this time). This clutter of a movie reaches its climax with the unintentionally vile final battle, in which all the main characters fight the almighty main villains in the single fight. This is something that always amuses me ... even if anime battles are NOT in a tournament, they always happen as if they were, regardless of whether it makes no sense at all! <br /> <br /> Otakus keeps raving about how animated movies should be treated as MOVIES as opposed to mere cartoons, and a disturbing part of these people loves Fatal Fury. Would Fatal Fury have been good if it was not an anime? The answer is an emphatic "no" - the whole charm of this film lies in the drawings. If Fatal Fury had not been an anime, it would have been worthy of a succession of Mystery Science Theater 3000 if the series were still aired. That's the key - this is nothing more than a ridiculously bad B-movie in the guise of an anime epic. If you're a fan of movies so entertaining that they're really entertaining, you should rent Fatal Fury (or see it on the sci-fi channel), as this is definitely one of them. If you are an otaku, please WAKE UP and realize that well over 90% of the material you see is garbage. Buy a Dreamcast and Fatal Fury for everyone else: Mark of the Wolves. But do not think about watching this movie.
