Sometimes, laughing in the middle of a horror movie is a signal of its greatness. I remember the nervous laughter of the audience in the re-release of The Excorcist? really nervous laugh. It showed just how we all saw how Satan's voice came from a 12-year-old girl. However, in the case of the 2006 remake of the cult classic The Wicker Man in 1972, I came to the idea that this new Wickerman is about as scary as the South Park character Scuzzlebut, the friendly forest monster with the TV Patrick Duffy for leg and leg celery stalk for an arm whose favorite hobby is weaving wicker baskets. <br /> <br /> Three years ago, a Hollywood friend told me that he heard that Nicolas Cage was going to do a remake of the movie. I started laughing and my friend (Keith) got angry when I mentioned Nicolas Cage as a great actor. I just did not believe that he could do it and unfortunately I was right for the cinema audience. Way is the reality, the outstanding original music, the originality, the horror and the wonderfully powerful dialogue. Instead, we have horror movie clichés, affected drama, and changes in plot that break down any credibility. Like many of the countless Hollywood remakes we've been flooding lately, it feels like we're seeing 4 thugs playing "Wickerman" on a playground. <br /> <br /> The original movie is set on a secluded Scottish island where a Scot lies. There, a police officer is lured to find a missing young girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new round, a California policeman (Cage) is lured by his ex-girlfriend to an island on the shores of the state of Washington to find her missing daughter. She sends a photo and the missing daughter looks exactly like a young girl, which he recently tried to rescue in a burning accident. The crash still haunts him in part because the girl's body was never found. But even after receiving a letter with her picture, this connection is completely rejected as he heads north alone to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter. He arrives to find an island full of actors who pretend to be the descendants of Wiccans, many of whom appear to have received no recalls for roles in The Village. And like The Village, it does not take long to realize that there is nothing to fear here. Not even the blind sisters with the dim eyes talking at the same time. <br /> <br /> I think the ability to make big money in Hollywood for a movie is often costly to the artist. I think someone like Nicolas Cage, who plays in so many films, loses touch with the magic that can be film when he gets to the point where he has a personal chef on set who prepares his snacks. We needed a bad reprise of the Wickerman, as we needed another '9-11' movie. I wonder if Nicolas changed his last name from Coppola because he wanted or because he was asked to.
