Anyone else who has commented negatively on this film has brilliantly analyzed why this movie is so damned awful. I did not want to comment, but the movie annoys me so much and especially the writer / director. So I have to take my hat to join the naysayers. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and really loved the cornucopia of music, sensuality, paganism in a modern world and the clash of theological beliefs. That means I'm not one of the masses who think remakes of great movies should not be done. For example, I liked the "50s invasion of body snatchers", but also the remake of 1978. Both films can stand alone. Another example is "The Thing". The original, as great as it looks today compared to today's standards, can be very proud of Kurt Russell (my all time favorite horror film) in the 1982 remake. So, this small minority of people who like "The Wicker Man" re-make can not blame me for fucking this bitch just because it's a re-make. <br /> <br /> This film solidified for me, the sexism of Neil LaBute and misogynistic tendencies. I also wondered how executives who wanted to make a serious thriller would expose a product that is so against women. There are too many scenes in which Cage beats women just because he is frustrated because he prevents the investigation of a missing girl. In other cases where suspects do not show up, would he react like that off the island? The original created a society in which men and women are equal participants in a goddess-based religion. The threat to the main character came from all men and women. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br/> <br /> The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. was a bit cumbersome and comfortable ("The drone must die!"), especially when Cage's character has bee allergies. I wondered again and again why the men on the island did not resist and with mere physicality prevented these women from treating them like grunts. These were not women with special supernatural powers, and half of them seemed to be pregnant, the other half old and fat and the rest girls and skinny blonde waifs. So if the men really wanted to escape, they could do what most men do when they hate women. To master you physically. There seemed to be no weapons or weapons outside the cutting tools if they were unhappy. But if they were content to be drones, why should not they be able to talk? They could be used as a threat to Cage because they will defend the community. They are drones because Neil LaBute seems to believe that a women-owned society would leave men spayed. (This movie has already been filmed. "The Stepford Wives," Someone?) Classic symptoms of men who are afraid of what might happen if women get together and are truly equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem With the Men's Hatred Women's Society, it makes uninteresting movie appearances and generates unintentional humor when Cage starts shutting women off. I think LaBute would have left the company to an egalitarian society that must maintain sexuality and unrestrained serenity and distress the children of this island. Nobody likes pedophiles or children being sexually exploited. So how would a police officer react if he saw lewd acts by adults with children nearby? It would be a logical leap of thought that these children be abused, creating an urgency to save the missing child and get help for all the children. LaBute said he created the Fiancee and Daughter Story threads to encourage Cage's character to search. I do not think you need that. Every abused child will cause an adult to respond to his rescue. The irony, of course, would be that the child who "saves" Cage ultimately brings him death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was designed and camping. The whole third act was hilarious. The audience that I saw laughed (and booed at the end). I just thought the film started wrong when the letter was written in the sleek handwriting and all the flashbacks the wounded Cage shows up in. We do not need that. Just show him how he arrives on the island to investigate a missing child. Most of us in America have seen Law & Order and other cop lawsuits. We come into the movie as if we were Cage's partner solving a puzzle. <br /> <br /> So much potential ... is wasted. Neil LaBute, stick with the talking headscapes for people who like your man-scared plays and pats of that sort. Stay with your own company of men. Leave the thrillers to people who understand thrillers. Here is your jar of honey. I will see that.
