I'm just sitting here and forcing myself to end this. I think I blew 6 Bux on the VHS, might as well suffer. I remember looking for "War of the Worlds" on the internet about 4 or 5 years ago, because at that time the rumors about the Spielberg movie were being discussed, and I missed the old television series from the early 1990s , The site notes that this is a multi-million dollar reproduction of the classic book. It would be a "perfect translation". Perfect CRAP is more in line with this movie. <br /> <br /> First of all, the video in this movie was a mistake! It looked like I was watching the full motion video from an old mid-90s PC or Playstation CD-Rom video game. Unfortunately, the color quality was similar. The acting made Shatner's classic "dramatic break" look damned in the quality of Shakespearean. The CG rendering of different scenes was horrible and the Green Screen sequences were worse than in old Dukes of Hazardd scenes. <br /> <br /> Second, it's slow and terrible. I sat 45 minutes before the video (no promos at the beginning) before the cylinder was actually opened to reveal the first alien. After that, the alien was a terrible CG cuttlefish. I've been in it for an hour now and most of the alien weapons I've seen are a spinning silver disc (even crappy) attached to a mechanical arm. The dramatic scenes are murdered with excessive instruments. The last thing about an alien invasion in the turn of the century from 1900, NO ONE, fears for her life. It's like they have no concept. Even though the media were slow, word of mouth spreads quickly and people knew it. The "illusion" of day and night was at best low. Simply changing the color around people in purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Maybe lighting and night shots would have brought a MUCH better illusion. There are a lot of wasted sequences throughout the movie, just galloping around the "hero" or going silly roads. Continue with the movie. I know how people move, you do NOT have to be so profound. <br /> <br /> Finally an hour and 5 minutes after the movie and they show the alien machines. Mighty Morphin Power Rangers had better effects. Even the skeletons of vaporized people seemed animated by a student in a computer app class. The animations do NOT match the landscape. <br /> <br /> If you want to complete "The War of the Worlds", do one of four things. 1) Look at the original from 1953, 2) look at the television series of the early 90s, 3) wait until Spielberg's version is released shortly, OR 4) read the Frikkin book (something we do probably all have done in English lessons). AVOID THIS FILM. It is a waste of your money.
