Before this release, Neil LaBute had the following to say about the 1973 original: "It's amazing how many people say it's their favorite soundtrack, I like, come on, you may not like the new one, but if that's your favorite soundtrack I do not know if I should like you * my movie. "<br /> <br /> Neil, one word. Maybe you would like to sit down too. As Lord Summerisle says, kicks with bent knees are much better absorbed. Look, Neil, the thing about the original is that Paul Giovanni's soundtrack is one of the most celebrated things. The filmmakers themselves regard it as a virtual musical. Together with Richard and Danny Thompson and Bert Jansch the Folk New Wave of the 1970s was practically the prelude. To undermine it, you can imagine Jaws without John Williams. Or the story of Buddy Holly without Buddy Holly. The result is one of the most breathtaking, arrogant and pointless remakes of a British cult classic since Sly Stallone's Get Carter. The original had apparently "disturbed" Nicolas Cage for about two weeks. During those fourteen days, he was so worried that he had the idea of ​​presenting one of the most subtle films about the struggles between faiths ever devised for a writer-director, previously known for his wholly blatant depictions of male chauvinism , It's like a parlor game: what would you get if Sam put Peckinpah on Bambi? Or Gaspar "Irreversible" Noe actually makes love again? (Actually, I would like to see that). Unfortunately, someone has taken this parlor game seriously: all that LaBute has done is to rip out the entrails of the original while saddling it up with its own gormless Sex War concerns. <br /> <br /> After he could not save a little girl and her mother A deadly car accident, Cage's highway patrolman screws himself into a medical torpor. Then he receives a letter from ex-fiancée Willow Woodward (who is trading name gays against Kudos), who now live on the private island community of Summersisle. the extra 's' is superfluous? and wants Edward to help Rowan find the missing daughter. Summersisle, it turns out, is a female-dominated joint intended as a haven for oppressed women and refugees from the Salem witch trials. Here the matriarchs observe the ways of the Olde, and the few males are almost mute racial pipes. It's like Lilith Fair in a big way. Summersisle's main export is honey? a symbolic and literal headache for Edward, as he is allergic to bees. "Beekeeper!" Edward yells. "They seem to be everywhere on this island!" Well, that's probably because Summersis's main export is honey. During his investigation, Edward hears of an upcoming Mayday ritual, which is referred to as "the time of death and rebirth". He discovers that the crop of the previous year has failed; almost dies of bee stings; and finally concludes (a conclusion that could not be more obvious if the locals tattooed a schedule of events on the backs of his hands) that Rowan is burned alive in a pagan rite to ensure a rich harvest. He also meets the Queen Bee, Sister Summersisle (Burstyn), who has her own plans for the eponymous Wicker Man: "The drone must die." <br /> <br /> First, the good news: Any concerns Cage would have last minute lifted off the flaming pines of Wicker Man from a fleet of black CIA helicopters can be put to rest: he hits. That's it for the good news. "This is a story whose chapters have been carefully written," Burstyn explains with lofty irony. Although the basic requirements for cat and mouse (and typography) have been retained, the remainder of the document is subject to a scorched earth policy. Crucial to Shafer's original script was that his Christian copper, in accordance with ritual, came from his own will to the island? and most important was a virgin; the perfect sacrifice. LaBute reduces things to a sexual, as opposed to a religious power struggle. By the time Cage found out he was the bait, one could honestly not care less. <br /> <br /> And Cage is one of the worst things about this thing. a lumbering donkey? an arsewit whose tongue just seems too big for his mouth. "Goddamn it," he groans after hallucinating a drowned Rowan with all the mental torment of a man who has set his morning alarm half an hour early. It is hoped that his character often relies on pills, which has reduced him to this condition? alternately tired, then full of preppy, overbearing vim. If so, it is a beautiful representation of an indistinguishable IQ that is contaminated with antidepressants. Unless? Like Willow, the saucer-eyed Beahan is similarly awful and presents her lines as if she were fighting Cage for the halfhearted delivery. While Burstyn completely lacks the uncompromising threat to convince. Who is afraid of Naomi Wolf? <br /> <br /> Any item that made the original great? the lovingly detailed depictions of folk customs, the ingenious score, the dialogue (Lord Summerisle's majestic "You have it beautiful!") was made more attractive by the rather less attractive "They made it excellent!" Whoah, dude! replaced? were played for a meandering fight of the sexes with occasional crash-bang beat. Namely women, that's after all a LaBute strip. Cage's sister Beech Bashing is just one of the more embarrassing episodes. Impotent little men will happily howl about getting Hyuk Hyuk. <br /> <br /> In the final soda, all the lazy chaos breaks down under the weight of a cliché with genre In a bar, two guys meet a couple of Summersisle virgins on shore, looking for fresh martyrs. At the time of their successful pickup, you half expect the women to turn around and wink over the top and keep their fingers crossed for the camera. <br /> <br /> One more thing: Maybe avid credit watchers have noticed this Movies with an unusually high number of producers (anything up to 10) tend not to be a lot of cop. The Wicker Man has a total of 18 producers.
