Usually, when I review a movie online, there are three reasons. Either I found something out of the ordinary in a movie that would otherwise have been excellent. I believe that watching a movie by the public before viewing it is inaccurate for several reasons, or I believe that the purpose or message of a movie is required to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewers. Although all of these reasons may seem a bit negative, I find that writing a review that only praises and says, "This is one of the best movies ever!" Containing nothing to enlighten the prospective viewer of their merits and disadvantages, and there is often no justification why a movie is so good, which should be the point of the review. War of the Worlds is nothing more than a hurried, incompetent attempt at grabbing money; His obnoxious carcass is set to the million-dollar advertising campaign of the eponymous film directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD in anticipation of the Summer Blockbuster, and many other poor souls will buy it to find more material on the same topic. This movie is not even "so bad" that it becomes funny or adorable, rather the audience will be so incredibly disappointed that it reaches the point of rage. Allow me now to remove most of the insults, some arguments as a warning to those who are more fortunate than me. Judging by the cover and the lack of promotion for this movie (I found it as a SAM's club for $ 8), I assumed that the cast would be no-name and the special effects were nothing to it would be spectacular. Check. This is not a big deal for me, as I can find a big budget and too much confidence in the big stars and SE can reduce an otherwise decent movie. I also did not expect to be overwhelmed by great dialogues or a moving score. Check it again. What I had hoped for was a serious attempt at a classic theme and some alien / battle scenes. <br /> <br /> According to the IMDb guidelines, all spoilers must be announced in advance, no matter how small they are, so here's a proper warning. The film begins with a series of crazy small talk, followed by a trip to an observatory to see a red dot. Seriously, it's a red dot in a tube. It's very difficult to describe every little topic in detail, but at the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of shaky camera work, spliced ​​scenes, and lots of running starts to frustrate the viewer. However, the costumes are surprisingly not bad and the hope that the pods reveal something mysterious will keep you on your toes. The next 30 minutes are essentially as follows: One of the main characters goes to one of the pods, he looks at the pods and speaks with another main character over the view of the pod, and it can be hot. They both go back to town. These steps are not two seconds or added so that dialogs can be swapped. They are twenty seconds or longer and are merely for adding filler to an already bloated three-hour film. In a particularly grueling scene, the main character is shown on a capsule, then he is shown walking up and down, then he looks at the capsule, then he goes through a field in the city for a minute, then he comes into town and goes in a building, then he drinks a cup of coffee and says "Thank you Mary" to a random maid who serves him coffee, then turns off the coffee and walks out of the building, then walks through the field for a few minutes and back to the pod I apologize for the extreme sentence, but it may be the best way to sum up the entire movie. Characters talk about worldly things for too long, they go a lot, they send other people to run, the camera fluctuates between high speed and slow speed, but without a dramatic effect, the cameraman at Tech is somewhere in the second year. The editing is insanely bad. Human actions make little sense. For example, when the professor goes to a farmhouse and says he needs the farmer to drive him into town, the farmer stutters and walks around. When the professor says that there is a capsule and that men could be trapped in it, the farmer locks him in a shed just to see the professor grab a pitchfork and a second later open the faint shed. Of course, none of this scene comes because the professor meets the main character a moment later so they can start their afternoon walk. The entire movie feels like someone has a good idea to make a movie, but absolutely no idea how to get it started. I have seen better high school video productions. After all, the special effects are ridiculous and do not help drive the story forward. I feel the director really wanted this movie to become a cult classic out of Campy garbage. However, it is so awful in technical terms and in plain common sense that it only drives people crazy. Avoid this movie at all costs.
