They do not expect much from a PRC image and with rare exceptions - mainly from Edgar G. Ulmer and some from Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers - that's what you get: not much. This "epic" about Nazis in Africa trying to provoke an Arab uprising against the British is not much different. The script of the long-standing PRC hacks Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Lowe, is banal, ridiculous, full of unenthusiastic "Wisecracks" and draws holes in the size of outer Mongolia. The direction of the long-time PR no-budget specialist Al Herman is at best half-komatos. However, the performances are not really bad - apart from the spectacular incompetent and irritatingly hamming actor Walter Woolf King. The veteran comedian Parkyakarkus is actually the best thing about the movie. He plays a man from Brooklyn, who disguises himself as a razor-blade dealer and lightens the screen considerably when he appears. He has great comic timing, charm, and seems to have a good time. Despite his Spanish accent, Duncan Renaldo is quite convincing as an Arab sheikh and the experienced villain George J. Lewis as Renaldo's Arab rival does his usual villainous work, even though he is sometimes over the top. Joan Woodbury is pretty pretty and has a nice, light touch, and she and Renaldo have great chemistry, though, like the rest of the cast, they have nothing to do with King at all. H. B. Warner, whose career goes back to the quiet era, gives the low-rent method a touch of dignity, even though he blows his lines several times and although PRC is PRC, they were not cut out. There's a lot of material made up of a large-format silent movie with a similar Arabic theme - though I have no idea what it is - and because PRC is PRC, nothing has been done to make it inconspicuous: I rarely have a stick Seen footage that was so obvious. <br /> <br /> "A Yank in Libya" is of course not very good - well, it stinks - but it would be worth a look to see Parkyakarkus in its best shape. I had heard of him and knew that he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and super dave Osborne, but had never seen him before. It's worth seeing this tenth PRC extravaganza just to see it in action. Otherwise forget it.
