I recently saw the revival of "Blithe Spirit" on Broadway with Angela Lansbury, Rupert Everett, Christine Ebersole and Jayne Atkinson. It's a great production and shows what good actors can do with a less perfect piece. Angela Lansbury is extremely funny as Madame Arcati. <br /> <br /> It was probably a mistake to see the movie version of the play with Rex Harrison. The film has neither the energy nor the laugh of a good stage production. <br /> <br /> "Blithe Spirit" is probably one of the plays that work better with a live cast, in front of an audience that is full of people who have done this. Come laugh The actors can improvise, their game and add subtleties and nuances to their lines and engage the audience on a personal level that you can not get into a movie house or a DVD show where the audience is separated from the cinema. History of the Fourth Wall. The story: Charles Condomine (Rex Harrison), a successful writer, lives with his wife Ruth (Constance Cummings) in a house in the English countryside. Charles searches for information for his next book, a book on the supernatural, and invites Madame Arcati (Margaret Rutherford, who embodies her role in the original London production of 1941), a local spiritual medium, into his home, to perform a séance. Charles believes that spiritualism is a scam, but hopes to take up "the tricks of the trade". Then Madame Arcati brings back the spirit of Elvira (Kaye Hammond), Charles's first wife, who died of pneumonia seven years ago. Elvira refuses to leave and develops a spiteful contest with Ruth over Charles (complicated by the fact that only Charles Elvira can see or hear). On stage, the actors can give performances that laugh to situation. But on screen, the actors in "Blithe Spirit" tear through the lines as if they do not know that someone is listening to them. They murmur lines that were made to laugh on stage. The performances of Harrison, Cummings and even Kaye Hammond are flat and lifeless. Only Margaret Rutherford seems to have retained her spark and humor as Madame Arcati. <br /> <br /> The Oscar-winning visual effects in the film are not impressive - not just for today's standards, but for the standards of 1946! They mainly consist of Kaye Hammond, who walked around in fluorescent green outfits and make-up and was photographed in a special lighting to make her look like a glowing ghost. The cameraman deserves recognition for the creative lighting. However, compare the boring visual effects of "Blithe Spirit" with the truly groundbreaking effects in Disney's "Song of the South" - which was eligible for the award in the same year. In South, people and animated characters seamlessly share the screen for several minutes. Compared to "South", the Oscar Blithe Spirit received for special effects was totally undeserved. Anyway, I can only encourage you to see the Broadway revival of this piece with Angela Lansbury it closes. As for the movie with Rex Harrison, skip it.
