You must love to love opening sequences like "Seven Women for Satan"? During the intro, a naked girl runs through the woods, pursued by a hunting dog and a vicious-looking buddy on a horse, until she falls off a cliff and splits her head on a rock. Then the camera zooms on the man's face and we notice him just sitting behind a desk while his secretary waits for him to sign some papers. "Oh, I'm sorry, I was lost in my thoughts." he says then! Sweet, I stumbled upon another, completely crazy movie. Even if you understand only a minimum of French and take a look at the original title, you know immediately that "Seven Wives for Satan" has nothing to do with Satan or ritual sacrifice, just the extravagant escapades of a pervert and psychic unstable during his weekend in the country. This is indeed another sloppy twist on the classic milestone "The Most Dangerous Game" about a disturbed hobby of the insane hunters? preferably hot naked chicks - in the woods to sport. In fact, this is more than just a variation of the 1932 classic, as writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine aspired to connect his protagonist directly to the legendary villain of Leslie Banks in The Dangerous Game. Count Zaroff is allegedly the son of the original Earl Zaroff, but he traded his private island for the remote French countryside. He can no longer afford to be unemployed, so he's an office worker from Monday to Friday and a madman at the weekend. Zaroff is a real spinner who hallucinates about dancing with deceased women, but actually drives his car over the live cars. His butler once promised to stop the Zaroffs from killing, but he's obviously doing a bad job. There's no depth in the script and the build certainly does not pay attention to suspense or eerie atmosphere. Really, the only useful thing in this movie is to count the girls being lured into Zaroff's fraudulent trap and hope they'll turn seven soon. Half of the film consists of pointless and boring upholstery material, such as the overly erotic dance act, in which a statue inexplicably transforms into a muscular black man, and the other half consists of psychedelic sleaze, which eventually becomes tiring Girls look gorgeous. I have the impression that it was Michel Lemoine's intention to imitate his buddy Jean Rollin and make an insanely confused sex thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, which makes Jess Verno's regular Howard Vernon ("The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake") indispensable. Lemoine herself certainly has the look of a crazy killer, but not the talent to portray one.
