The 1930s was a golden age of Los Angeles with its film industry and great potential for various other ways to become rich, famous and happy. People arrived there to make their dreams come true. Expecting open arms and inviting offers, there were few who had succeeded in finding their way to fame. The majority was then condemned to live hungry, disillusioned and unintentional and looking for some respect in dirty bars and unpleasant hotel rooms. <br /> <br /> The young Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini comes on a similar quest to LA - to spread his charms to find one of those beautiful, affluent women, and to write an excellent novel that takes him on a career path, had previously written a single short story, which was published in an obscure anthology. The desire to create a romantic masterpiece does not seem to be able to produce anything without experiencing it. Occasionally, he sends magazine stories to a local editor to help him survive. He is proud to present himself as an Italian, but deep in his heart he really feels his Italian heritage as a burden. The little money and the courage to conquer the world he once had are long gone, and when he turns his dream into a hangover, he can bear one last nickel. <br /> <br /> The coffee she brought him was cold and sour, and a curse on her triggered an infinite relationship of insults, unspoken apologies, and hidden love. Since Camilla is an uneducated girl trying to get US citizenship through a marriage, she also wears her strong cross of a non-perspective racial heritage. Although she is a much stronger and more experienced person, her situation as a pretty Mexican is much harder than Arturo can tell. <br /> <br /> Is it obvious that Arturo finds his inspiration to work on the novel? Is it possible that her love finally finds its place in the sun? Is it likely that her romance will take an unfortunate turn? <br /> <br /> It is very surprising that the chemistry played by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell does not work between the two main characters. The relationship lacks the raw and authentic feelings. Though a livelier figure than Farrell, Hayek forgot to arm Camilla with the passion and power of her once-brilliant character Frida. It is also hard to believe in a character who is intelligent but uneducated and illiterate, with rather difficult vocabulary and complicated sentences. A tougher character of a Phil Marlowe strain would definitely suit Farrell even though he looks stunning in a historical costume, he seems to be very lost in trying to find the fragile world of a twenty-year-old dreamer who is caught between a hidden love and The desire to be true balances to yourself. <br /> <br /> Feeling embarrassed when you look at the two on screen is not right. Their relationship may have been wild, but it's more likely what a thunder and lightning without a storm are, far from real passion, the feelings that have just been described and that are not felt inside. It is very sad that this potential of an interesting script and good actor has been wasted and turned into a gray average that should soon be forgotten.
