It was very painful to take part in the daily papers as the filming continued because of this film's failure. Probably cruise, the executive. Prod., Saw what happened, and Towne had much, much more nudity in the last cut than Towne wanted to catch up with the disaster he saw. (Maybe Cruise even thought of "Titanic".) A Some things: Colin Farrell can not figure out a paper bag. But he's one of the flavors of the decade, the darling of a producer and you have to avoid the embarrassment of watching him by not going to his movies. He has so many moments he does not believe in and you can see it in his eyes. I think he would have been at his best as a film actor, if not as rich or famous as he is now, and he plays second banana for dynamic leads who can act. The trap of spending a lot of money on sets, costumes, cars, etc. and photographing them as if they were just coming out of the cleaner or carwash. Nobody seems to want something, well worn. Or dirty. Is it because the production designer was asked by the line producer to make sure he did not ruin the stuff because the company then had to pay for the destroyed items? <br /> <br /> This was a story about depression. Thirties, not a Disney Broadway musical over this time. What if you do it in black and white or even better if you use Caleb Deschanel as your D.P. so let him desaturate the colors during the mix, to guess some of the real dirt and poverty of the time. It should have been a bit depressing to live as desperately as these people in depression. More about Farrell. Did anyone believe for a moment that this guy was a writer? H. L. Mencken on the wall; did I see his eyes rolling at a certain point? Hayek and Farrell as a sexually dynamic duo? Send a boy to a man's job? The book I did not read was perhaps about an older woman and a youth. I can not dive too deep into the middle of the last parts of the movie because I'm out of the race early. But the memory of the scenes I saw made me think that someone was making a not too amusing parody of a Noir movie. Just as Saturday Night Live was in the last decade: not funny. (In my mind I always thought of a guy noir sketch, music and everything.)
