Ned Kelly (Ledger), the infamous Australian outlaw and legend. In a sense, like Robin Hood, with a mix of Billy the Kid, the Australians love the legend of how he opposed the Englishman's oppression of the aristocrats and united the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes of the time were around 70% immigrant criminals seems to be played casually by this film. In fact, some of the so-called "facts" in this movie are a bit doubtful after deliberation. <br /> <br /> I think the suspicion should have been aroused when it was claimed in the opening speeches. The film is based on the book "Our Sunshine". If ever a romanticized version of the truth could be seen in a name for a book, so it was. This should not be a historical epic, just an adaptation of one of the many dubious legends of Ned Kelly, albeit a harsh and sporadically brutal version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing more than an overblown Hallmark channel of "real historical drama," wannabe! The story is disappearing at a frightening pace (alarming because no movie has ever trudged so slowly!) The sense of numbness after the two hours of pure excitement evoked memories of Costner's terrible Wyatt Earp all those years ago. Simply speaking, nothing happens in the film, but it takes a long time for nothing to happen. This might have been a bit more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction was certainly not that). However, if you are not looking for a game that has the worst Oirisch accent, you will be disappointed. In between the game "Who has the stupidest beard?", "Find the obvious ambush!" (Note, they are all ginger for some reason) and "Nature in Australia - including Lions" is an experience akin to looking through Hallmark, The History Channel, Discovery Channel, and Neighbors while suffering from a large hangover. Yes, nature appears a lot, because to take even more time (possibly an attempt to look good), the film shows time and again pointless animal shots, and once all native species are shown, here follows a circus, a camel and one animal allows lion (used during a fight to try to actually feel more harm to the lion than the massacre). <br /> <br /> This is a clumsy, unemotional piece of historic fluff that should have gone straight to TV. I can not even say a good word about this movie. Even the normally fantastic rush seems embarrassing to be here. When one of the characters comments that there are only two bullets left for him and his buddy, I wish I had a gun to blow this movie out of my head!
