I can not overcome the message of this film. It's way too obvious to ignore, and it's obscene because it has lost the sense of what it's all about. I have not read the novel, but Pollack's film begins with a scene in a CIA front organization in New York, in which two professional assassins, led by Max von Sydow, brutally slaughter half a dozen quirky employees, playing the role of members that we have come to know and understand. Employees include an elderly female receptionist, a fussy senior professor who shoots himself as a toupee when he's shot at by machine (is that a joke?), And finally beautiful Tina Chen, who looks up from the copier and realizes she's in it is to be murdered and says compassionately bravely: "I will not scream." Von Sydow answers sympathetically: "I know." These murders are totally unexpected, wild, unmotivated by everything we know, and graphically. It's a brutal scene. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely no way to be redeemed by Sydow and his follower. And that's exactly what Pollack tries in the end. <br /> <br /> After killing those innocent good guys, Sydow changes sides (because the other side wants to pay him) and murders the evil mastermind behind a complicated intramural CIA plot. The script then makes him an absolutely sensible, sensitive person. "It's better to live in Europe, things are not so rushed." Or what ever. I swear I do not understand that. Pollack wants us to believe that it's better to be an honest mass murderer than a crooked bureaucrat. That's the message. You should write it down if you forget it. What kind of psychiatric chaos do you have to be to change ordinary values, not to mention common sense? I understand that there are thoughtful adults who dislike or even hate the United States government and see conspiracies everywhere that provide an otherwise inexplicable explanation. I know that people who think that way exist because I count some of them among my close friends. At some point, however, this hatred, when it increases in intensity, must go beyond the politics or ethics into the field of psychiatry. I do not believe for a moment that a man who murders people for money is better than a sinister government official. I do not care how polite and cultured the killer is, or if he knows how to reach the Louvre on the Metro. Anyone who transmits this message needs medication or meditation. <br /> <br /> I would like to say that production is as obsessive as its message, but I can not. It's pretty well done. (In some ways, it's worse because it makes the movie less disgusting.) Even New York City looks photogenic on the screen. And it has been a long time since I considered New York photogenic. Robert Redford admirably copes with the initial shock and confusion of his character, but then turns into a telecom half-spirit. And, man, he looks good! His wardrobe is just right. Even his rimless glasses are growing. And his peacoat. Not everyone who makes a navy pea jacket look glamorous. He looks very good too, the pig. I want to look like this. I want to wear a denim shirt and a tie with so much anger. Faye Dunaway is fine in her role, but it's not too believable. Would anyone like to sleep with a man who has just kidnapped her and held her at gunpoint? Even if he looked like Redford? Would anyone be emotionally wounded if Redford told them before the end of this ambivalent relationship not to tell anyone what happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. He makes one or two extremely good double shots. The postman is great. The fight between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is excellently choreographed and we do not know exactly how it will turn out because Redford (a book reader) does not seem to agree with the brutal guile of this employee assassin. This is one of the last roles of John Housemann. A shame. He is a magnet on the screen. And what an end to his life: A friend finds him lost while traveling the streets of New York, in a neighborhood he knew most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the movie is very well done, but I can not ignore this vicious, paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of the Will". Or her Olympic documentary in which the announcer observes a foot race in which Jesse Owens takes the lead and ominously says, "This Negro is dangerous."
