It's hard for me to say because I enjoyed both "Targets" and "Paper Moon" so much, but I thought "The Last Picture Show" was a bit intriguing but overly selfish. My main advantage for me is the stunning photography. But for me, the movie had nothing but the surface beauty (and some kind of hidden beauty). The characters were very hard to understand or interest. Basically you had this very slow tempo and this naturalistic acting style, but it was all to present a very formulaic and predictable story, complete with all the peculiarities one would expect from any small town melodrama - all from the boy who came with cheats the wife of his teacher to the handicapped child, to which all turn. It was like "American graffiti" without the joy of life. <br /> <br /> You could say the movie is more realistic - nowadays, many people seem to believe that realism is the only virtue a movie can have. But for me, the movie was just depressing, and I want to see it about as badly as I would like to spend a few hours in this miserable city where the characters live. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie really belongs to its own time - if I had seen it in 1971, I would have been impressed by the novelty, just seeing something different on the screen. But that would basically mean that I had never seen anything like Godard's "Breathless". Maybe the obvious references to classic movies would have touched the movie freak in me and helped me to overlook some of the movie's weaknesses. But in the world after Tarantino this seems to be hardly unique or special. <br /> <br /> However, it's interesting how he uses the films in the film to add depth to his own movie. We see 3 films, as I remember in the picture show. First, we see Vincente Minnelli's "Father of the Bride" - Liz Taylor's exquisite looks contrast beautifully with Sonny's girlfriend, and Minnelli's explored upper-middle class environments in a similar way to the character's environment. Later, excerpts from Howard Hawk's "Red River" emphasize the theme of a broken friendship between a mentor and a protege. It really only reminds me that Bogdanovich kisses the butt of his own mentor, just as he did, if I remember right when he selected a Hawks movie as part of his own film dreams with Boris Karloff in "Targets". I think in 1971 this kind of thing was new, but when you look at it today, it just seems forgiving like the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> Ultimately I'd rather see another movie of Hawks, Ford or Minnelli as Bogdanovich's film remind us why they were so subtly so flashy. Maybe he wants to remind us of the giants whose time was over - he really reminds us how small he is and most of his contemporaries.
