It should not be a shock for you to say that Alone in the Dark is a crappy movie. To put it bluntly: It's like a crap monster eating the gut, eating the result and then vomiting. The final product would still outshine this film. <br /> <br /> Apparently based on an ancient (!) Atari video game, the movie has something to do with a portal to the bowels of the earth, demons and ancient civilizations. Something about two worlds, the darkness and the light. Oh, and 10,000 years ago, a truly sophisticated civilization opened the portal, demons came by and had a great time, then put out civilization. That's why we have never heard of them, practically enough. <br /> <br /> Christian Slater, who may be moaning after the days of Heathers and Pump up the Volume, plays Edward Carnby, a paranormal researcher who happened to be at Something Bad when he was 10 years old. He is tracking down one of the artefacts of said advanced civilization. Carnby used to be part of a secret institution called the 713, trying to figure out what happened to this ancient civilization. Carnby, however, believed that he could not find the answers he was looking for, so he left the group. <br /> <br /> But you see, these animals are out, and they get their prey in different ways, such as tearing them apart, splitting them in the middle, implanting neurological control instruments, or simply turning them into killing zombies. Yes, it's another zombie movie. <br /> <br /> This is about distilled so that I can do the action. It is quite complicated and incomprehensible. In similar films, you may see that the intrepid explorer / adventurer finds out things step by step, and when we mentally spend the audience with the explorer, it's a lot of fun. But if the scenes shift from attack to attack without perspective or context ... not so much fun. <br /> <br /> The acting is terrible, except for Slater, who (though he almost seems embarrassed to be in the movie) showed that he could carry the acting burden. He had to; Get that - Tara Reid will serve as museum curator! Honestly, I thought I had seen the casting of a lifetime when Denise Richards was cast as a nuclear physicist in Tomorrow Never Dies. But Reid agrees with Richards here. Among the highlights is Reid, who has pronounced "Newfoundland" as "New Fownd Land". Reid delivers most of her lines in a dazed, guttural monotone (as if she had spent a whole night on a Bender before filming), Reid-a, mind a museum curator - spends a lot of film in a midriff top and a hipster Jeans. Oh yes, she was as credible as Jessica Simpson, who gave share prices. Oh, why do the pretty ones have to be so stupid? (Note: I do not think Tara Reid looks so good, she looks like she's always on the lookout for food.) Almost everyone else in the cast is completely forgotten, except perhaps Steven Dorff, who played Burke, one of the leaders from 713. Dorff's character was not very well developed, but there was nothing in the film about the sets of Tara Reid's characters. But I digress. In any case, the baffling and extremely absurd plot is tough enough to watch the movie at such a furious pace, but director Uwe Boll throws in a thumping, overwhelming soundtrack; It's so loud that you can not hear what the actors are saying in some scenes! This can not be right. Considering the acting level, though, perhaps a thank you to Mr. Boll. Oh, and a funny note. The opening moments of the film include the narration of the words crawling across the screen at the same time. Do you remember the first Star Wars? They heard this now familiar Star Wars theme while the prologue was crawling. There was certainly no reason for the story; Why do I need Doofus to read what is displayed to me on screen? Did the producers just look for blind people? Maybe that explains why the soundtrack was so loud - he was also looking for the hard of hearing. In addition, the narrator inexplicably had an indication of the first few lines of the crawl - and then lost it. Bizarre. <br /> <br /> Alone in the Dark is a loud, stupid mish-mash of horrible drama, an incoherent script and directing. Hardly a note sounds right. There is so much chaos that the audience just gives up looking after the characters and roots for their downfall. Even in the dark, the demonic creatures look much cooler and more sophisticated by comparison. <br /> <br /> Ironically, with only three other people in the theater, I watched this alone in the dark. I wonder if Uwe Boll has planned this? I can not judge that very badly, because I initially had low hopes - and because it has never grabbed me so hard that I could get upset about it. It is cruel, though Slater saves a little bit.
