I usually start by relaying the premise of the movie, but before anyone says too hasty about my review, let me anticipate by saying that I'm someone who likes most movies (just look at my other reviews ). Alone in the Dark is a film by director Uwe Boll, whose film was recently House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark it was also a film adaptation of a video game. Almost everyone hated it. Well, I loved it. I even gave 10 out of 10 points! I say this (which will certainly scare off some readers right away) that even if I hated Alone in the Dark, something is wrong with that. <br /> <br /> The premise: Who am I kidding? Trying to formulate a premise for this film is about as easy as trying to balance the United States budget, but it still works. Some archaeologists found evidence of a lost Indian tribe. The Indian tribe seemed to have found ways to attack the "second world," which was evil in nature. The bad stuff killed them, but not before they could close the door to the evil world and throw away the key. Later, some scientists / government researchers who had experimented with the paranormal, and specifically this tribe, decided to experiment with some children to try to create a kind of hybrid with the second world. (Believe it or not - all up to that point and then we're told a part in a written prologue to the movie - it's just white text running across a black screen, with a voice-over reading it too). Then there was something about the children who were in an orphanage, but the government is taking them out again, and then a few people are looking for archaeological relics, and there are supermen running around, and a few military men are being dragged in and so forth. <br /> <br /> In fact, the exhibition never really stops. It's like an endless backstory from hell. There are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 movies, maybe 25, but none of them are presented in a coherent way to make a good movie. In addition to the mystically lost Indian tribe and the superman, we also get monsters that remind of a cross between alien and werewolf, worms that invade your body and turn into snake-like aliens, underground tunnel worms, zombies, starship trooper-like wars evil scientists , underground caves, gold mines, spooky warehouses, splits, large, mostly unused museums, government conspiracies, golden trunks drawn from the sea, nuns, explosions, complex looting, a very ambiguous romance, car chases, car chases, kitchen sinks. , , Wait, I can not remember if the last one was in the movie. Even more amazing (amusing?) Producer Shawn Williamson was quoted in Fangoria # 240 as saying, "We spend a lot more time on the story and are very close to it." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark a "smarter movie". <br /> <br /> Do not let anyone mislead me. Many of these things may sound delicious to the potential viewer for the movie, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection to anything else. I usually had no idea what relationship a mindset had to a different attitude, why we were there or what someone did (at least when every scene started). It's just a random mish-mash of attitudes and stereotypes, as if director Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas in a hat and would pull them out like lottery numbers. When he was done, he and the editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the film with dice and then reassemble it by throwing the I Ching. Sometimes the film is like an extended role for the director (this is a combination of short, varied, disconnected scenes that directors go through to find work), but maybe that's too generous. I am not sure if Boll would get work if that was his role. <br /> <br /> Just as I like most movies, I like most actors and most performances. I rarely say that a performance was bad. Tara Reid was bad here - and I'm someone who usually likes Reid. I do not know what happened. For a large part of the movie, they simply move them around the set like a prop. You might as well have bought a bubble doll. That would have saved them money that they could have used for some CGI ghosts and vampires in castle and cemetery settings. Perhaps they have decided to move them like a pretty piece of driftwood, having seen the daily papers of their mumbling nonsense dialogue in a monotone normally reserved for the conversation of mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> And of that dialogue, Alone in the Dark plays a lot like a Godzilla movie without Godzilla. By that I mean that it's a lot of pseudo-scientific goblins. At least in Godzilla movies there are campaigns because they know how ridiculous it is, and it's a great reward that we see Godzilla destroyed in the city center and a giant mosquito fighting with radioactive death rays shooting out of their eyes or something. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say what Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, besides exaggerating their agents and filing lawsuits. I can not say that I thought anyone in the movie had a decent performance, though Slater may have at least seen the cigar. I think that's unique for me. <br /> <br /> Still, I did not give this movie a 1. There was some competent cinematography, even though Boll and Schwadel made mincemeat out of it and the hardrock tunes were over. The credits were good. Heck, even the Novelette prologue was not that bad. I actually thought the movie was promising at that point. But this is perhaps the worst movie I've ever seen, with a budget of 20 million or more.
