True, there are many movies that are much worse than this movie. This movie was not Mano's: The Fate's Hand or Troll 2 (yes, I've seen both of them twice), but at the same time this movie is No Alien, Predator or even Alien Vs. Predator (Yes, even this movie has surpassed that). Movies like this make Battlefield Earth look like a Star Wars, it's so bad. Razzie Awards Lookout, your biggest competition has just arrived in theaters. This movie of which I speak is, of course, in the dark. I will try to guide you through this step by step why this movie was so bad. Acting- I'll start with perhaps the best part of this movie (alongside The credits played with "Wish I Had An Angel.") Acting Christian Slater must be proud of himself, he has successfully proven that it's possible Too bad to wonder why he just did not walk halfway from the set, or maybe it was because Stephen Dorff was in the movie (someone, the he wishes he could be, but fails) Tara Reid is bad actress but good looking and that's all that really counts in movies like this, that does not mean that the acting was perfect, it was average, not good and maybe the only thing that's not good in the movie. <br /> <br The soundtrack - Apart from "Wish I had An Angel" the soundtrack is pointless and the heavy heavy medal is pumped into the ears of the audience, vielle Not to di sguise the terrible story (something I'll come to soon). A long and very expensive 2-CD soundtrack is now available for music lovers. <br /> <br /> The Directing directed by Hollywood's favorite director Uwe Ball, who brought us the classic House of the Dead. "Yes, movies can get so bad and that's only the beginning of my deadly saga of horrible movies". At least it should be headed by Uwe Ball. Without being told, I would have guessed that a monkey from Congo was kidnapped, brought here, and forced to express opinions about how the film could be made punishable by shock. The cameraman was probably a camcorder glued to a skateboard and pushed forward until it hit a wall. In the scenes where the camera should stand still, it is constantly moving so we can not stop anywhere. If the camera is in action, the camera will stop for some reason. <br /> <br /> The Producing- Who on earth Is that stupid enough to give this bomb money? I feel sorry for the fool ... sometimes. Sometimes I'm glad that he or she has learned such a lesson to never put money in the bin that is worse than dog feces tied up in a bag. Writing / Storyboard - Trying to Analyze History Is More Painful Then jamming an ice pick under a big toe and kicking a football as hard as possible, but I'll try anyway. Edward Carnby escapes as a child from an orphanage where 20 years old children are where they can do scientific experiments. He escapes and hides in an electrical outlet where he is electrocuted (this is the point where it got so bad I started to laugh out loud). Then, many years later, it quickly happens where he is a paranoia detective. He is attacked by a zombie who can not be shot, kills him, and goes on with life. Later, he is attacked by a crazy-looking monster and discovers secrets that nobody else knows. <br /> <br /> Yes, the plot is bad, really bad. The cinematics expected us to read random text about an untrue civilization called Abskani for about 10 minutes. The movie does not get turn after turn, more than the audience can, more than the audience wants, more than the audience could ever care. This action is down-to-earth that even Double Dragon performs better. <br /> <br /> Do not miss this movie altogether. I gave him a 1 out of 10, but that's because there is no 0.
