First of all, I would like to point out that this film has absolutely nothing to do with the Dutch folklore history of the ghost ship, which is also known as THE FLYING DUTCHMAN. In this movie you do not see a single sailboat. You will not see sailors, ghosts or anything exciting. It's not the Ghost Ship's story, and I wish they'd shared it in the main credits, or I did not see it, because I really thought it was the movie about the legend. It seems that many people think that the film has to do with the legend of the Ghost Ship, because the film is listed on the Wikipedia page for the "Flying Dutchman" legend ... I do not understand why. Maybe it's based on the legend "The Wandering Jew"? Or maybe they just adapted the worst parts of the legend? The film begins with a battle sequence that lets everyone hope that the film has fight scenes. Unfortunately, this is the only fight scene in the film. Then you see Daniel Emilfork (who was sick in the lost children's town) for about two seconds, and that would make everyone hope that the movie has good acting. Unfortunately he is very bad in the movie. The same can be said about the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of Italy's best actors and who is here condemned to personify a crazy bird wrangler with no backstory whose sole purpose is to be the "wise man" The Movie. And boy, does this movie need wisdom? Every other character in the story seems to be enjoying swimming, shouting, torturing others (in excrement), entangling (in excrement) or even laying more, just for fun. It seems so funny that every character in the story gets thrown into the feces at one point or another. Coming from a Dutch director, one might think that extreme filthiness and shockingly real dirt are necessary elements in a historical piece. Elements that have helped make Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoeven "Flesh + Blood" such a great movie. The thought of "Flesh + Blood" made everyone hope that a movie that is similarly filthy and visually straightforward would be good. Unfortunately, unlike "Flesh + Blood", there is no dramatic progress, no fighting, no good acting and, simply, no "Flesh and Blood". The photography as the opening sequence unfolds is well done and tempting. This also stops very early in the movie. The music of Nicola Piovani (of "La vità e bella" famous) is repetitive and annoying if it is not irrelevant (sometimes this indicates that there is sublimity in a sequence, while the actors on the screen splatter in liquid dung) , During the first "act" of the film, which lasts no less than one hour (!), The film takes place in the same perimeter that surrounds the courtyard where the main characters live. The characters play a lot with excrement, drown in it, play in it. A long period of time elapses through numerous ellipses to age the protagonist, a little boy who loves to play in excrement, get older and play more in excrement. The birdman speaks a lot to say stupid things in Italian. Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confused and takes hours. Then there is a second act called "The Ship" in which we can see what a ship might have been a long time ago, but that is now left over from a ship (I am dealing with excrement?). The main character happens to come in while he's a little further from the farm and decides it's really cool, so let's live in it. The hunchback who used to live in it tries to kill him, but he does not mind because he's not very bright. He believes that the ship can navigate and hopes to sail on until more conquistadors emerge (at least they seemed to be Conquistadors because of the Don Quixote hats, but as I said, it's really confused who's who) which makes the Dutchman a prisoner along with the back hump, and they burn the ship to the ground. The last part of the film, which is really hard to bear for the viewer because it only contains more excrement with even more backward middle-aged peasants fighting in it, takes place in a lunatic asylum. More torture and drowning with feces. Even more disdain for the director, who seems to have definitively given up his work or gone to the second crew camera assistant to do the rest of the work. In the end, many of the mentally challenged new "friends" who had the Dutch dying died. The woman with whom he had sex was his brother's wife, who initially wanted to meet him with his son. The Dutchman and his son are talking. The film ends after two hours of hazy images and disastrous drama and technical performances. Then the guy turns and the viewer falls free from horrible action-less movies pretending to be something exciting, like fantasy movies based on legends, while it's just a catalog of how full of excrement some movies get You may not have enough financial resources to beat battles or even horses instead.
