The same night I saw it, I also saw "Scary Movie 4", which provided a jumbled, double feature. Unfortunately, they could not defy those killer tomatoes to the Laugh Rebellion of the Scary Movie series. While I was fighting boredom here and watching jokes that were stupid and stupid, brutally outdated and brutally bad, I laughed aloud at the newer parody. How could I wish for more? Director John De Bello uses the assumption that some growth hormone went horribly wrong and killed the tomatoes. But his main goal is to reverse the catastrophe film genre that was so big back then. The script stinks of stoner humor, and if you take in your film evenings illegal substances, this could be your cup of tea. I, sober, paused, watching a grown man take cover like a tomato. And the one joke that is never funny, where the discrepancy between the Japanese-speaking actor and the speaker is also here. Some can giggle, not me. They even had a Hitler joke that was not funny, and I thought all Hitler jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The narrative of this film is so fragmented (for no good reason) that it's almost impossible to explain. Tomatoes kill people, the government tries to stop them, bad jokes are told. Their goal may have been correct as their goals include media, consumption, and paranoia (three things that still define our lives today). Strangely enough, the main selling point of this movie, these goddamn tomatoes, is not much. And if they can do that, they will be played by real tomatoes. This spiteful gimmick did not do anything for me, as I hardly get any of it when I see a pack of tomatoes devour a body, thanks to the magic of stop-action camera ticks. There is also the fear of going broke at work to prevent this movie from becoming really funny. The gag of being able to fall asleep in almost any scene may please some audience members, but most likely this is considered an invitation to join. <br /> <br /> I can also add that it seems to be working on some old-fashioned human egoism. You eat tomatoes and that's dinner, tomato eats man and that's a worldwide catastrophe. But that's how the world works. In the film, the product becomes evil through genetic modification, but in the real world our product (see: Taco Bell) becomes evil through neglect. And like those evil green onions, the durability of this movie has expired long ago. There are a few good laughs. The last shot was really great, but it was not enough to save this moderate stink bomb. I'm pretty sure there's a good movie in this concept, but the script had to be filtered through a dozen re-writes to get there. And with "there" I mean the level of "Scary Movie 4". ** 1/4
