If you are a self-proclaimed connoisseur of cult cinema and / or filmmaking, is there a specific point in your life? preferably earlier than later? that you have to pay attention to "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes". It is an indispensable certainty, as this is one of the most famous terrible cult movies ever made. One tiny but significant detail is that "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is intentionally horrible. Already in the opening message mocking Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds", this is clearly intended as a zero-budget parody, and I can not escape the impression that writer / director John De Bello never expected his film to be such a hit becomes . The film parodies the contemporary popular trend of so-called "eco-horror" films (plants, animals, and nature, which generally rebel against humanity) and outlines the least threatening vegetables imaginable as unbeatable killing machines. A secret government agricultural project to produce bigger and tastier tomatoes is going terribly wrong and soon there are reports of tomato attacks from across the country. The president is putting together a special forces team to fight the juicy enemy. These include secret agents with very specific fields of expertise and scientists with dreadfully dubbed voices. The first half hour of "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is very entertaining. As stupid as it is, the sight of normal shaped vegetables leaping out of the sink and attacking hysterical housewives is very original and funny. The first half-hour will also feature memorable moments such as the catchy theme song, the "Jaws" tribute and the notorious unscheduled helicopter crash (see details) that made it to the final cut. After that, however, the whole thing becomes a boring, unstructured and unbearably amateurish mess. The quality level of the jokes ranges from fresh and imaginative to embarrassing and downright funny and there are too many characters and subplots. Personally, I prefer the sequels of the late '80s and early' 90s (which I saw before the original) because they benefit from slightly better production values, unbelievably outstanding special effects for tomatoes, and the presence of veteran actor John Astin ("The Addams") ") as a mad scientist Dr. Gangreen, but as said before, the original remains inexplicable at some point in your life.
