*** Warning - This review contains "Plotspoiler", although nothing could "spoil" this movie more than it already is. It's really that bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before I start, I want to let everyone know that this is definitely one of those amazing movies. If you are in a carefree mood and need a hearty laugh, this is the movie for you. Now, without further ado, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a bargain at Wal-Mart. That should be the first indication of how good a movie is. Second, he plays lame action star Dolph Lundgren. That should be the second hint, how good a movie is. I'm still shocked that the DVD was even released on DVD (who would waste their money on it?), Although you can not find any extras or bonus material on the DVD, as you might imagine. In fact, there is not even a menu; The movie is just starting to play. <br /> <br /> First, the author of this film deserves to be tortured and killed. It has one of the worst screenplays ever written, and is plagued with terrible one-liners; remarkably unbelievable, fake dialogue; and inappropriate comments (like Lee's comment on Lundgren's crazy masculinity, which I will mention later). There is not a single sincere line in the entire movie. The dialogue and the plot go hand in hand, because the script and the plot develop in a completely nonsensical way. The two policemen hate each other initially for no apparent reason, and then again without reason, Lee's character pulls to the side of the road, runs to the other side of the car and says: "I'm not let you go alone, because I like you, despite me! I do not want you to get killed! 'or anything like that, there are disgusting one-liners that are mostly said by Lee, for example, Lee says, when he spits out with a bad guy, "You have the right to be silent You have the right to be dead! Finally, I would like to mention the totally inappropriate and nonsensical comment that Lee makes about Lundgren's subregions: When bad guys start to attack after a seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to put them in underwear Lee says to him, `When we die, I just wanted to tell you that you have the biggest cock I've ever seen in a guy ... yes, he actually says that It makes no sense and is not possible (Lee never really sees Lundgren naked, so how would he know?), But the author threw it into the script anyway. The entire movie looks like some kind of action video game, and Lee even admits it. After Lee and underwear Nur-Lundgren have defeated all these baddies, Lee makes a comment that is also really beautiful: `Wow, this is some kind of video game; We have just defeated the first wave! "Second, the plot of this film is despicable. In my opinion, it mainly suffers from the fact that it simply does not exist. The trailer for this film - which IMDb incidentally provides for view - gives the impression that the film concerns two police officers trying to stop the Japanese Yakuza from taking over Lost Angeles. However, this is extremely misleading as the film has virtually nothing to do with it. They make very brief, vague hints at the yakuza trying to set up a methamphetamine business with local drug dealers, but the whole movie is really about a badly written attempt that Kenner (Lundgren's character) avenges his parents' death a yakuza leader (named Yoshida) was killed at the age of 9 years. The whole plot can essentially be summarized as follows: Yoshida wants Kenner dead, Kenner wants Yoshida dead and the two try to kill each other. And of course, Kenner's sarcastic buddy (named Johnny and played by Brandon Lee) looks like an ignorant idiot, and Tia Carrere undresses. twice. <br /> <br /> Acting is one of the worst parts of the entire movie. The dialogue is so unrealistic, and its totally disingenuous presentation underlines this even more. Action stars would be a bad spectacle anyway, but this film highlights some of the unimaginably worst ever recorded. <br /> <br /> Finally we come to the main point of the film: the blatantly bad action. There are so many amazingly bad, unrealistic action sequences in this movie, it's downright impressive that they've managed to fit them all. Although Lee also has a lot of bad scenes, the biggest part of the really terrible action is Lundgren. For example, Lundgren casually takes four or five kung fu guys with one hand, without spilling his tea. As Lundgren is surprised by an approaching raging car, he casually jumps over it. Or what if he reached BY A closed door, grabbed the villain on the other side, pulled him back through the door and beat him up? Or when he picks up Tia Carrere, he runs softly (does not run) through a glass door that shatters around him, and hugs Tia in one arm, then raises the whole car without the slightest effort and uses it as a barricade to protect them from bullets? All shameless shootings are terrible as well, with Lundgren and Lee immediately killing any evil, while the rain of bullets from their fifty invaders never seems to hit any of them. This is of course until the last fight scene of the film. Lundgren is shot in his bare chest in a region with a bullet shot, even if he could miss his heart, he would immediately begin to fill his lungs with blood and kill him within seconds. Nevertheless, Lundgren remains in prime condition and manages to carry it out in the middle of a parade with Yoshida, the evil super villain. And of course, in the parade dressed as a samurai, the passing people wear REAL, fully sharpened katanas, which they use to fight the sword. Now in addition to his bullet wound, Lundgren gets several deep cuts in his chest and arms. Does it stop him? No of course not! A few seconds later, after he easily kills the evil Yoshida (who is tied to a dartboard-like wheel and then goes up in flames without reason), Lundgren casts off with Tia and Lee as if he were not injured at all. God, that's terrible. All of these factors are then blended into a completely unnecessary, unfounded nude scene every five minutes, including topless women at a party, the beheading of a topless woman, women on a strip club, naked women in a Japanese spa, and the pointless whirlpool and love scene Tia. Not to mention the trip to the bizarre sushi bar, where rich Japanese men eat sushi from naked women. What else makes Lee say, with fake enthusiasm, that he and Lundgren, after defeating the bad guys, will eat fish from those nude chicks! This, of course, is followed by a worrying high five. And we can not forget the terrible editing as though the villains crush a man in a car in a junkyard and the editors leave an obvious stare on a prop dummy. The credits also list a massive list of stunt workers, meaning that a lot of action was unlikely to be done by the movie stars. <br /> <br /> In the end, this film trumps itself over and over again with outrageously bad. It is illogical and impossible and therefore remarkably entertaining. If you are looking for a thoughtful cinema, you will want to die in this movie. If you are looking for a good laugh and a good time making fun of bad movie productions, this movie will thrill you. As a real movie I deserve this film with 0.5 out of 10 points. However, as a fun way to waste an hour and eighteen minutes, this beauty takes the cake.
