The weird sound you can hear when you look at this vile version of Jules Verne's classic "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is Verne turning in his grave. The only thing that has to do with this 80-minute opus is "The Journey to the Center of the Earth" is the title. Otherwise, everything else in this lackluster production is new and not worth seeing. In fact, the director has written here on IMDb.COM that he has directed only eight minutes of "Journey to the Center of the Earth" and the studio on "Dollman" -Helmer Albert Pyun's sequel to his own "Alien from L.A." with Kathy Ireland. Obviously, the producers had no more money, and to fulfill overseas contractual obligations, they grafted on Pyun's sequel to director Rusty Lemorande's film. Please do not rent or buy this miserable piece of garbage. <br /> <br /> In contrast to director Henry Levin, the play "Journey to the Center of the Earth" (1959) starring James Mason and Pat Boone, Lemorande's "Journey to the Center of the Earth" takes place in Hawaii today Two boys, a British nanny and a dog are brought together for the adventure of a lifetime, Richard (Paul Carafotes of "Blind Date") and his obsessed brother Comic (Ilan Mitchell-Smith of "Weird Science") want to explore a cave The heroine Crystina (Nicola Cowper of "Underworld") works for a house service called "Nannies R Us." Being a nanny has been Crystina's lifelong dream, but she has done less of all five of her nanny jobs Supervisor, Mrs. Ferry (Lynda Marshall of "Africa Express") to Hawaii.The new client of Crystina, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley of "Doomsday"), who is giving a final concert to revive his serious career e plans to have a dog named Bernard. Foul wants Crystina to bring Bernard to a doggie day spa. Crystina waits for the arrival of her taxi when a careless motel keeper inadvertently lays the basket that hides Bernard in Richards Jeep. You see, Foul has hidden his dog in a basket because motel management strictly forbids pets on their property. Foul has disguised the dog as a human baby. Anyway, Crystina gets a taxi and tells the driver to follow Richard. <br /> <br /> After catching up with her to pick up her dog, the taxi driver drives away and leaves. Crystina demands that Richard drive her back to town, but he has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina joins the boys and they get lost. Then she is in the lost city of Atlantis, a police state ruled by a dictator, in the center of the earth. The rulers of Atlantis inform their citizens repeatedly that there is no life on the surface. Our heroes and heroines accidentally encounter Atlantis. Atlantis is like a disco and they all look like they're from a punk rock opera. The ruler of Atlantis, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis of "Operation Hit Squad"), organizes an attack on the surface with clones of the first humans, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland of "Necessary Roughness") to visit Atlantis. It is predictable that General Rykow's machinations to raid Atlantis and overthrow the earth will fail, and our heroes and heroine will save the day. <br /> <br /> "Journey to the center of the earth" is an abomination. The film, despite its superficial satire about dictatorships, seems to be a comedy. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite directors for low-budget action, but he blew it away in the slight mess of a sci-fi saga.
