Travel to the center of the earth is the story of some tourists from Hawaii, three of them siblings, and one of them is a young British nanny who looks after a dog. If the siblings with the basket of dog biscuits accidentally drive away in their jeep, the nanny (it would have only been safer to buy more) will follow them to the cave the siblings intend to explore (I guess). For some reason, they actually go into the cave and then, as the place comes in, they try to get along unsuccessfully, except for the six-year-old sister, who asks her to get help. The further they move in the cave, the farther and farther they plunge further and further towards the earth's core of the earth. Lo and behold, here you will find the city of Atlantis and its bizarre alien inhabitants living under the oppressive rule of an alien who does not want them to ask many questions about the worlds beyond their own. <br /> <br /> I see that Rusty Lemorande, the film's director, has commented on this film, explaining that part of the second half of this movie is actually the sequel to Alien in LA. Well, whatever it was, it was a surprisingly cheap movie that I would rank only a little higher than City Limits (a 1988 science fiction movie that was also created with a nonexistent budget) because it's the least end of it cutting the corners of a horrendous part of mostly incoherent filmmaking It can lead to some humor and entertainment in the last 20 minutes as we finally see how life in the alien world is at the center of the earth. I also rate it with two stars instead of one, because sometimes it was funny, if only in its subtleties. For example, the foreigners ask the Briton if she is a foreigner and she explains that the ministry should send a work visa shortly. Or when the alien girl finds Bryan and explains that he is in the city of Altantis, mistaking it for Atlantic City, New Jersey. Such little things make the idiocy of the first hour or so bearable. Imagine how great the movie could have been if it had 1) intended and 2) actually had money to make it. <br /> <br /> I like it, as no one in the end wonders What happened to the little sister who was sent away to get help. It would only run around in the Hawaiian caves, not far from the erupting volcano.
