Lame movie. Totally uninteresting. No chemistry between Indiana Jones and the guy from Black Hawk Down. The auto-chase scene just keeps going on and on and on. They manage to change vehicles a few times, but always land directly at the rear of the bad guys. The scene in which Hartnett packs the car of the family with the crying children in the back was just as stupid as it could be. He tells them about the Eastern philosophy and how it is okay to die. I think the authors thought it was funny or even funny. It was just stupid, absolutely unbelievable and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some sub-sites were not even researched, they were only used as a filler. Why does Hartnett fall ill with dead bodies and still assign burgers to crime scenes? Why and for what reasons is the evil IA suddenly arrested by the boss out of the blue? Why can IA pick up the buddies policemen and they just pick up their phones or pretend to be Indian mystics and then just let them go out without a slap on the wrist? Although Ford is revealed as a broker and exposed as a fraudster (he raises prices when he tries to sell the manufacturer's house to increase his own commission), they keep coming back to him anyway! They knew he had lied to both! But there they were and came on terms that both said they would never go. Stupid, just stupid. This is also one of those police films in which they willfully shoot public streets without caring for innocent bystanders. There they were standing on the sidewalk and blasting, while the people took cover. Amazing that they did not hit a single person after firing about 60 rounds each. <br /> <br /> The scriptwriting was awful, the action sequences were boring, the plot was just a side note for a very pathetic attempt to get us for Ford and Hartnett. It fails miserably. And Ford's phone! Turn off the damn thing! How many times could it be rung in a 2-hour movie? 50? 60? It was annoying for the center of the movie to be annoying! Every 30 seconds this stupid melody would be played! And if it was not Ford, Hartnett's rang! It was unbelievably annoying! <br /> <br /> Complete wasting time, Ford's worst movie since 6 Days 7 Nights, which was undoubtedly the lowest point of his notable career.
