Well, in this movie, I felt so strong that I signed up for an IMDb account just to warn people. It is obviously WUNDER !! NOTHING makes sense in this movie. There are far too many negotiations for the beginning. Josh Hartnetts character is an aspiring actor and yoga teacher, as well as a police officer who seems to live beyond his means, teaching only hot girls yoga (some wait naked in his jacuzzi when they come back from work). Add to that the fact that his father was killed by a crooked policeman who is about to deal with the current crime that investigates the hapless duo. Harrison Ford's character tries to sell real estate on the side and sleeps with the ex-wife of the internal affairs investigator, who happens to run a psychic radio show that calls Ford's character now and then. NONSENSE !! <br /> <br /> I can not remember the names of the characters (so forgetful of that), so I'll call them Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there is dialogue that is brutal. I mean sick things here. Throw every cliché in the book (a heart-to-heart in a dark bar during the day with a drink where the bartender knows his name, the duo is examined by internal affairs (why?)); Hartnett faces his father's murderer) and you have a damned mess. <br /> <br /> As I said earlier, the conspiracy is absurd and continuity is not given: 1) When Ford's car is repossessed, how the hell did the repo guys do it? knows where it would be parked Did they track him? 2) If Hartnett goes to the morgue and it is just that the only clue from the scene (an earring) on ​​the burned corpses is replicated (that was luck!) 3) If the two are arrested and arrested Questioning - Ford answers further and Hartnett "centers" with a yoga pose on the table. Instead of taking Ford's phone, the IA man waits every time for it to ring, then tries to get it off the table before Ford does. Meanwhile, the female IA policewoman rubs against him with Hartnett. Then the two are inexplicably released without answering questions. 4) During the chase Hartnetts car crashes around Hollywood, but suddenly the car is perfect again. No scratch! 5) When Ford chases the bad guy into the building and gets into the elevator, how is he supposed to know on which stick the bad guy is? 6) When the two pursue the bad guys in Hartnetts car, Ford tries to conclude a real estate contract. Come on! 7) Evil is the most compelling record manager of all time. His motivation to kill an aspiring group of rapper on his label? You may leave your label and it is a warning to stay loyal to other groups. But wait, how will he ever sign someone else with this business plan? 8) Why is the IA man investigating Ford finally arrested? There is no explanation !! 9) And Hartnett can use his "acting" to catch the evil in the end. <br /> <br /> I could go on, I really could. Anyone who looks deeper into this movie than a pure action comedy has to have his head examined, because that's all. There is nothing else off! It should not be satirical or ironic. It's just crap.
