Three giant Sabretooth tigers (made in a laboratory of mitochondrial DNA, a "genetic breakthrough" derived from fossil material) are accidentally released by a series of events (such as the virus introduced by a computer geek for safety) measures) that keep the boutique clothing shops shut during construction and a security guard leaves a gate open while searching for the missing side of a porn magazine that flew in the airstream) that jeopardizes the lives of those with whom he comes in contact. The tigers are always hungry, but they can not eat what they eat. Pretty much the tigers tear their prey into shreds. Victims include a group of college kids (the stereotypes include a goth girl, a jock and a tech nerd), security guards, and those somewhat developed rich villains whom we can easily despise and desire a terrible death. <br /> <br /> Attack of the Sabretooth has rounded off a number of poor sci-fi channel strips and includes some of the most miserable computer-simulated animals I've seen so far. And the final death sequence is so lazy that in the deepest depths of your soul, you will demand the time spent on this truly terrible exercise in the canon of the creature function. There is good dark humor that comes from heads that are torn from the neck, but again, the prosthetic work is not convincing. Prosthetic body parts and blood, which is a victim in abundance, scream for help and receive none. I start sounding like a broken record, repeating myself in every user comment I write for these sci-fi channel strips. I think it is time to move to other cinemas. Robert Carradine has a role as a ruthless businessman courted by his truly repugnant ex-brother-in-law Nicholas Bell, the first "Primal Park," a resort / zoo with genetically engineered sabretooth tigers as the main attraction. Stacy Haiduk, still pretty yummy, is a security guard trying to convince Bell to attract the investors he hopes to invest in his multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is the lover of Haiduck, and his role is a mechanic who runs the process smoothly. <br /> <br /> Bell's fate in the end, resulting from a slipped tooth of a sabretooth tiger statue, is the pit. Carradine spends a lot of time taunting Bell, his archenemy. The point of view of the tiger shows the person in a bright color as he approaches him. The movie is ultimately made up of characters walking through dark corridors (the tech nerd's virus has cut off the power) who are concerned about their safety. The college kids commit the breaking and advocacy to achieve certain elements that are required (it is a scavenger hunt) to enter a brotherhood / student body. The actors who play these children do not rise above their stereotypes.
