The film opens with a manager (Nicholas Bell) welcoming welcome investors (Robert Carradine) in Primal Park. A secret project that mutates a primitive animal with fossilized DNA, such as Jurassic Park, and some scientists resurrect one of nature's most fearsome predators, the Sabretooth Tiger or Smilodon. Scientific ambition, however, becomes deadly, and when the high-voltage fence is opened, the creature flees and cruelly pursues its prey - human visitors, tourists and scientists. In the meantime, some teens enter the security zone's restricted area and are attacked by an attacker Pack of large prehistoric animals that are deadlier and bigger. In addition, a security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and her buddy (Brian Wimmer) barely fight the carnivorous Smilodons. The Sabretooths themselves are of course the stars and they are scary, if not convincing. The huge beasts savagely pursue their prey, and the group runs away fighting the most fearsome predators of nature. In addition, a third Sabretooth makes more dangerous and slower casualties. <br /> <br /> The film delivers the goods with plenty of blood and blood as decapitation, hair-raising chills, terrified when the Sabretooths show up with mediocre special effects. The story offers exciting and intoxicating entertainment, but it's pretty boring. The huge animals are mostly made with a computer generator and seem totally lousy. Medium achievements, though players respond appropriately to food. Doctors give violent physical services that dodge the animals, run, bind and jump or dangle over walls. And it's a ridiculous last deadly scene. No for small children through realistic, bloody and violent attack scenes. Other movies about Sabretooths or Smilodon are the following: ¨Sabretooth (2002) ¨ by James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and the much better 10,000 BC. (Roland) Roland von Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This movie, filled with bloody moments, is poorly directed by George Miller and is not original because it contains too many elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian director who normally works for television (tidal wave, travel to the middle of the earth and many others) and occasionally for the movies (The Man of Snowy River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: Below average, barrel bottom.
