I give here a rating of 3 and is NOT what I would give the original Soviet version of this film. It seems American-International (a studio specializing in ultra-low-budget fare in the '60s) bought and completely destroyed this movie - two hours plus a movie cut into a 64-minute movie! Also, a lot of these 64 minutes were new material (like the "monsters") - so you know that this movie looks almost nothing like the original. The original movie seems to be a pretty straightforward drama about the Soviet conquest of space - though I'm not really sure what it was originally! To get a glimpse of the original movie, read the review by Steven Nyland - it was very helpful. By the way, this was the third Soviet science-fiction movie I bought and then hacked by American-International. Besides that, a company willing to put almost everything on the silver screen To earn a "money", to make a "new" movie standard - assuming of course it did not cost much more than a dollar on the internet first place !! This Americanized movie revolved around two rival world powers (NOT the US and the Soviets) trying to be the first on Mars. The tricky "bad guys" are trying to fail and the "good guys" are saving one of the idiot astronauts and making their way to Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily stranded on a martian moon, where they see some monsters (added by American-International) that are really cheesy, and you resemble a certain part of a woman's anatomy. Then they are saved - returned to the heroes of the earth. <br /> <br /> The bottom line was the movie slaughtered - and it became an incredibly beautiful piece of art (for the time being) that was turned into a grade-C movie. For that reason, the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I'm just shocked that the terrible job that A-I did with this movie did not convince them to refuse to sell more movies to these idiots! It's worth looking for a laugh, but the really bad moments that make you laugh are few. So the movie is a fool - not bad enough to see it as bad movie fans and too stupid to be taken seriously. I would really like to see this movie in its original form - it must have been a picture.
