Monster is a stupefying horrible movie about a nasty American concrete factory (is there anything else in Hollywood?) That pollutes the waters of the small Colombian town of Chimayo, creating a catlike animal with a love for lamb and loose women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, the man sent to Chimayo by his obnoxious boss, Barnes, who himself can not leave his secretary's hands behind to get to the bottom of the story. In Chimayo Bill has to deal with an annoying reporter, who apparently radiates all his stories in perfect English directly to America. I think in the seventies there was a market for news from South American small towns. There is also a radical named Sanchez who wants to sabotage the factory to pollute the water, which incidentally also provides the city with jobs for the natives, but why cold-hearted economics should oppose a sensitive fairy-tale Marxism. Pete, the factory boss, is unknowingly supported by the monster when he has sex with his ex-girlfriend on the beach, tells her that he sees the mayor's daughter Juanita and is over between them. Then she is eaten immediately that night. A small side action without evidence. My hat is to you, sir. John Carradine completes the cast as a priest who believes that the monster was sent by God to punish the sinners. You can see the contempt he has in his face in this movie. I could also be filmed as he walked to the local wallet to see if his check did not bounce off terrible on all fronts. Filming began in 1971 and was abandoned until eight years later when Kenneth Hartford turned his annoying children into new characters and even put his daughter Andrea in the top spot with Mitchum and Carradine. The sound quality is absent and most of the scenes seem like someone is smearing tar on the camera before filming. This becomes even more boring in the many nocturnal scenes. The monster itself is ridiculous as it raises its ugly, rubbery head for the anticlimactic end. James Mitchum and his brother Chris are proof that nepotism in the drama industry must be curtailed. Extremely unsurpassed dirt. Shame on you, John Carradine.
