In a summer that also showed with vile stinkers like Snakes on a Plane and The Da Vinci Code, that's a pretty brave statement. But I stand by it anyway. Superman Returns, like King Kong 6 months earlier, is too long, hyper-forgiving and with CGI to the eyeballs. My God, this stuff makes my head pure. <br /> <br /> Richard Donner had the idea to "make it real" for his 2 trips. And I think his approach to special and optical effects is best. Brian Singer bombards us with so much CGI that he really gets you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you see a would-be blockbuster who thinks the only way to impress an audience is 250 Spend millions of dollars (a completely irresponsible amount of money) about obnoxious visual effects that do not live up to the hype. We saw everything and were everywhere CGI could take us. There is no real atmosphere or involvement in it. And for a movie that is 95% of that crap ... Well, you found out. <br /> <br /> I've read so many reviews from fans' critics about how the movie has "soul" or a human heart or "delicate character moments". Puh-lease! We've had thoughtful superheroes screaming silently "You'd love me if you knew who I am" dozens of times in recent years and SR offers absolutely nothing new in this regard. Even the property is recycled garbage. Lex Luthor (a seriously misused and crushing Kevin Spacey), who has planned to destroy America's landmass, was made in the first movie! And now, that's your lot! It's amazing that they managed to pull this garbage to 2.5 painful hours! Even if the cast was sympathetic, it would be less unbearable. But Brandon Routh has the personality of a mahogany hat stand. Kate Bosworth is absolutely not convinced as Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist. James Marsden is 250% wood, and Kevin Spacey either has to dismiss his agent or acquire an agent better judgment. The only actor I liked was the beautiful Parker Posey. But I like strange looking girls. <br /> <br /> Every year, movies like this one get bigger and more bombastic. Soon we will have $ 300 million in films. Studios need to realize they might want to look down instead of looking up. For all the money Warner spent on this bastard, for all the resources this movie cost, was it worth it? In my opinion certainly not! This garbage has made me from Superman for life!
