Let me first comment on what I liked about the movie. The special effects were fantastic and very rarely did I feel like watching a video game. That's the last thing I have to say to this movie. I want everyone who reads this to take note that I can not even put into words how difficult it was for me to write this review without swearing. <br /> <br /> I have a myriad of complaints about the movie, but I have four major complaints. My first major complaint relates to the unbelievable cheesiness of "plot twisting" (if you can call it that, as most people have probably seen it come a mile away), where Lois's 5-year-old son turns out to be a supermotor child By Superman When the crying superkind Lex throws a wing at Lex's stooge to rescue his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. Singer could have done a much better Superman movie without resorting to cheap gimmicks like a seemingly fragile but latently cocky, illegitimate child. It's been 5 days since I saw the movie and I still have to vomit. <br /> <br /> My next big complaint relates to the fact that Superman lifts a continent made of kryptonite into space. It does not take a Simpsons comic to figure out what's wrong with that. I do not know how many comic books Brian Singer has read, but when Superman himself is confronted with a small amount of kryptonite, he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. Anyone who had the idea of ​​flying a big island out of its greatest weakness into space will never again be associated with Superman projects. The concept is as ridiculous as the creation of a Dracula movie in which the title character has penetrated a heart yet manages to fly a garlic spaceship into the sun. Why not eat Superman kryptonite? He can eat it, then brush his teeth and then sleep in kryptonite pajamas. This is no longer absurd if you lift a continent of kryptonite into space and then faint through the atmosphere without burning on re-entry or splashing all over Central Park when it hits the ground. <br /> <br /> My third main complaint relates to the fact that Singer hits the movie with religious symbolism for the entire movie. I have to deal with his characterization of Superman as the only son of a god-like Jor-el sent to earth as the Savior. Jor-el was not smart, he was just a scientist. And he did not send his son to earth to be a savior, he threw him with a rocket and rushed her into space because his planet was about to explode. I'll buy the Christ allegory when Brian Singer can show me the part of the Bible where God sends Christ to Earth, because the sky would explode and then radioactive parts of the heavens become the main weakness of Christ. Also, the "crucifixion" scene, where Luthor Superman thrust a kryptonite spear into the side, just makes me hit my face in a brick until I'm too brain-blooded to notice the outrageous obvious and inappropriate symbolism to stain the man of steel for the foreseeable future. You could as well rename this movie "Superman Returns: The Passion of Christ." <br /> <br /> When we talk about Luthor, my last big complaint has to do with Singer's portrayal of Lex Luthor. Lex Luthor is a sly, cold-hearted business tycoon who runs for President (what he does in comics) rather than destroying the world. The man wants money and power. he wants to be responsible, not ruin everything. But the Luthor, whom we see as Superman Returns, as well as all previous Superman films, is a crazy theatrical fool who comes up with crazy plans to destroy the world. If Singer had the slightest loyalty to the characters, rather than to the (rather terrible) previous Superman movies, this movie could not be such an unbearable travesty. Perhaps Singer's next project may be a Batman film, focusing on Batman's interpretation of the 1960s television program. ZAM! Whap! POW !! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, I do not know what I hate anymore, the movie itself or the fact that so many people seem to give it good reviews. Everyone has a right to his opinion, but if you do not hate this movie, then your opinion is wrong. I recommend anyone who reads this not to watch the movie if you have not already done so. Do not see it, do not buy it when it appears on DVD, or do not rent it ... Basically you do not contribute in any way. This movie does not earn money. I think for anyone watching this movie, Bryan Singer should receive a $ 45 billion fine. If you're a Superman fan and really want to see this movie, just stoop and let someone kick you and you'll have the same experience without wasting 2 hours of your time.
