The majority of short stories by Stephen King are little gems whose original ideas do not take long. Basically slim and mean - he quickly assembles them on a small number of pages, you read them and you're done before you know you've started. They are like the equivalent of a cardboard box of McDonalds fries - they taste really good and you know they are not very nutritious (from a literary point of view, they do not say much about the general human condition), but you'll still be a bit scared, just do not be a pig and take the extra large portion with too much fat ("too much fat" is a metaphor for the prose in King's novels, if you read one of them and say: Come on - enough with the pop-cultural observations or skillful Yankee - go ahead with the story!) He has put together four books of short story collections. I've read them all - from NightShift to the latest version of Everything's Eventual, and they all have an efficient findability that is sometimes deficient in his novels the size of a small tomb. <br /> <br /> But his short stories never exceed their greetings ... which brings us to the TV adaptations of Nightmares And Dreamscapes ... <br /> <br /> How the hell did they (the producers of Series) a green light to turn stories with an average of 15 pages in 50-minute episodes? I'll tell you how - two words - "Stephen King". Stories with his name were probably not cheap, and a one-hour show allows more advertising than half an hour, so ... what should have been an anthology of mostly 23 or 24-minute episodes is twice as long. Double the commercial time. .. Ka-Ching! <br /> <br /> I will not waste time synopsing the storylines of these stories - this test assumes you've already read the stories and / or seen the show; What follows is just my gut reaction to what TNT introduced ... Of the four previous installments here is my 10-cent rating (from first to the worst): Battleground - Not a classic under any circumstances, but hey, how can to stop William Hurt from opening his trap by filming this episode without a single line of dialogue? And the winking hint and the destruction of the Zuni doll by Trilogy Of Terror has shown me that the producers (and the scriptwriter, the son of Richard Matheson - the writer of TOT -) knew their mission with this one was the action to kill and to make fun at the same time. It took longer to get to Hurt's apartment than it should, but I think it has reached its destination. 8/10 <br /> <br /> Umney's Last Fall - Liked the performance of William H. Macy. I think the writer / Umney should have plunged into history earlier because he was the true reality of the story and anyone familiar with the King's short story (probably half, if not more of the audience) knew The Chandleresque Setup should be interrupted by the writer's reality, so let's get started now and cut off the cute and smart, hard-nosed Repartees 'Private Dick'. However, as the tragedy of the author and Umney's family began to become apparent, I thought the show had developed an emotional connection that led the viewer (at least me) to feel sympathy for Macy's real attempt to escape his worries By breaking the tension of his fictional creation life. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The End Of The Whole Mess-- The title is how I felt about this episode when it was over. After twenty minutes I was ready to scream on TV - OK, we already got it, the younger brother is a Mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know that Ron Livingston talks to the camera ("Time is running out" - not fast enough, I thought) that the young Whiz Kid will discover something really bad for humanity - we know that because he's already built but an airplane almost died because it could not steer it out of the way of a tree; and he blew up his chemistry lab while teaching himself chemistry (believing the end of the world could have been prevented if only this child had more parental supervision). So much time had been wasted on establishing the over-genius of Henry Thomas when we finally came to the dissolution of his discovery - the end of the world through unintentional nonsense - how much do we get to see from the end of the world? "- A cheap video of a reporter starting to forget what she's reporting about, and short broadcasts announcing the Day of Judgment are coming up soon Oh, and his brother's parents are drooling and singing old songs My point is If your story is really about the "end of the whole chaos (world)", I want to see the "chaos" as it sets off in flames and crashes and burns. Talk about ending with a whimper. 10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End-- This episode impressed me so much that I could have lived with the everlasting exhibition of the happy couple who arrived at his hotel, played gossip, had lunch and took a taxi ( that was half the episode right there) when they were finally crossed In Crouch End, the episode gave the goose bumps, but it failed miserably - it was not just scary, it was almost ridiculous Oh, look - a kitten ... wait , it turns s I ... oh my god! Look at that eerie eye! Uh-huh You could have filmed the Crouch End sequence at night instead of daylight. Things that you may find unintentionally funny can become eerie when you see them in the nighttime shadows. But I guess the budget was not high enough to shoot at night on the fake London sets they made for this one here. On the side, this is a very scary story about tourists going to places they should not and the terrible things that might be around here. The only terror in this adaptation was government and action - that was really terrible. 1/10 <br /> <br /> Total Serial Average (previously): 4/10
