The remake was a superior movie remake in every way. Most remakes are ultimately total rubbish, but under the very talented direction of Alexandre Aja, it has become one of the best remakes ever made, and also in terms of the mutated human genre of horror. In Steps 2, directed by another person Martin Weisz and written by the father-son combo of Jonathan and Wes, "I can not make a good horror movie to save my life," and if that's an indication of Weisz Director skills and young Craven is writing skills that we all have for a painful future, as THHE 2 is not only not as good as the first, but also entertained at NO level. <br /> <br /> We start with a pretty graphical mutant birth What is pretty cool is not preparing you for the upcoming garbage, but just a hint of what might have been in this movie. Then we see a crew of scientists being briefed and sent by our broadcast committees. In steps of our main occupation of reservists of the army to save the day, here begin the main problems. <br /> <br /> From very subordinate acting (yes, even for this kind of movie) to the terrible characters to lacking. For most of the time of real carnage, THHE 2 becomes a work to watch a lot nothing happens, as idiotic soldiers make mistakes for mistakes, only to kill them not from the mutants, but from themselves. Just think of the Marines in Aliens just the opposite and you have the idea of ​​how well these soldiers are trained. This is the real shame of the movie, as most Hill residents do not receive the desired killings, as in the first movie. If this was not the case, THHE 2 had the beginning and the short overview in the movie starting with the first link, this could almost have been an original of the sci-fi channel. <br /> <br /> The mutant mountainbillies are not as amusing this time either, but in fact they are far from our previous game as they all seem to be underdeveloped and uninteresting. The one who took the cake was the Sloth-like Mutant (you know Sloth from the Goonies), who helps them in the third act. I waited for him to ask for a baby ruth or start talking about Rocky Road Ice Cream. Really disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of the events here. <br /> <br /> The bunch is in the movie, but not nearly as visceral as the original, and it seemed mostly toned down. Apart from the mutated baby birth scene, there's really nothing that stands out as in the first scene. Another big blow against this movie. What worked here is not the answer. This felt like a sequel specifically designed to make money with the success of the first movie rather than a really "good" movie. I can go on the shitty drill SGT., The Radio Man, has a language barrier (that's right, he's the type I'd like to turn for help in a real crisis) or the pacifist fighter who is exactly the same figure as ours. " Hero "in the first film, but I think you get it the spot. This movie is not even in the same league or even on the same planet as the first. It should have been given a different title and added to the Saturday Night Line Up on the Sci-Fi Channel. A real shame for a solid sequel would have been made, but unfortunately it looks like another horror movie that drops the ball on almost every level and gets one of my lowest ratings since I give THHE 2 the same rating as its part : 2/10 Terrible: words can not describe how bad this film is in all respects a complete opposite of its predecessor, unimaginative and inappropriate. The next time you want to make a sequel so bad ... do not even bother. Please do not support this garbage in the cinemas, save money and thank me later!
