This ridiculous and inappropriate film is surely the most misleading version of "Hamlet" that has ever reached the screen. Branagh's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar; go so far as to portray Ophelia in a straight jacket, and Fortinbras' army would suddenly appear on the horizon (much like the culmination of "Monty Python and the Holy Grail"), when the palace is apparently guarded only by Francisco (who is shouting) the very un-Shakespearean cry of "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" (before being shot down) and a myriad of star cameos dating back to the days of Jimmy Cagney's Bottom and Mary Pickford's Kate In an Edwardian environment, however, they almost chose one at the same time uncut text, so that the dialogue, which is firmly anchored in the Elizabethan mentality, makes no sense in the context in which it is performed. And Branagh does not care about such structural intricacies as the ambiguity of the relationship between Hamlet and Olphelia, who treats the audience to a vulgar, nude sex scene between the two, throwing any ambiguity out the glass window. <br /> <br /> The uncut text allows Branagh to devote himself to his favorite cinema time: more footage from Kenneth Branagh. This is never as obvious as in the speech "How All Occasions Inform Me Against Me," which ends (or so it feels like) the first half of the nineteen-hour movie trying to play a dramatic crescendo after Gone With The Wind "I will never be hungry again." This may serve Branagg's ego, but it serves neither Shakespeare nor the speech: When I saw the movie in the theater, I leaned toward my companion and giggled "Great Moments With Mr. Hamlet." Branagh saves the funniest and most distasteful moment for the last moment as he tries to outclass the Olivier movie and his rightfully celebrated death of Claudius, by letting Hamlet jump from a tall tower to the monarch and impaling him with a sword. Branagh's Dane makes the king by heroically throwing a seemingly magical rapier out of the palace and catching his eye with Claudius' heart with a superhero. The only thing that saved the moment from the unbearable madness was that it was so funny off the wall. <br /> <br /> Although praised as a serious depiction of the tragedy in some areas, it is actually nothing more than a star-studded show of a once-talented filmmaker surpassed by his own narcissism. The Emperor has no clothes, and this Hamlet has nothing to offer, except a few unintentional laughter and the dreadful sight of an ego of a man getting out of control.
