Okay, let's not confuse you. If this is a continuation of a remake of an original horror classic, does that mean it's automatically a remake of the original horror classic's original? Hopefully this is not a general rule, like Wes Craven's own sequel to the original "The Hills Have Eyes"? published somewhere in the mid-80s? is one of the worst and most superfluous horror movies ever made. The second part had no actual plot and reused footage of the original, just to take advantage of the success of the really gritty and petrifying premise. Craven also wanted us to believe that even dogs suffer from flashbacks and painful memories when the loyal German Shepard of the Carter family relived his bloody fight with one of the mountain hills. There were quite alarming signs that this sequel would also be a terrible failure. The remake came out about a year ago and here is the sequel? The incredible speed of publishing makes you question the quality of the script. Do not you need a little more time if you want a movie that should be scary, threatening and disturbing? With his brilliant film, Alexandre Aja almost single-handedly changed the general opinion about horror remakes, having the courage and the mind to change essential elements in the plot and add more foul-smelling nerves than anyone could have wished for. Aja is also a talented young director and has made a name for himself with his French instant cult classic "High Tension", but who is this new director? Aja's "The Hills Have Eyes" was an unexpected hit valued by seasoned and older generations of horror fans as well as younger and over-interested audiences. It's a really good movie and even though an avalanche of new sequels and cloning will be inevitable, it's highly unlikely that any of them will reach the surprising level of Ajaa's ultimate success. With that in mind, and a good deal of personal skepticism, I have to admit that this glittering sequel really is not as terrible as expected. The script is a routine and clichéd horror feed that introduces a fairly large number of characters with little or no backbone, and depicts in a tasteless way how they are slaughtered by traditionally repulsive freaks. After the events of the first film, the US Army set up a camp in the middle of the New Mexico desert to investigate the effects of the nuclear tests that took place there in the 1950s and 1960s. For the terribly mutated mountain community survivors who have stayed there during radioactive testing, the scientists and researchers make a tasty starter until the main course of incompetent soldiers arrives by truck. They are only to give up food and supplies, but find their ultimate military exercise when faced with the relentless humanoids living in the remains of the mines. <br /> <br /> This is basically just another number of slasher with stupid characters who, even after they've already lost some of their friends, are still stupid enough to break away from the group and turn out to be easy too to beheading targets. It is also very easy to say which of them will come out alive from this adventure, especially when one of the soldiers is against all kinds of violence and another is constantly staring at video pictures of their cute, three-year-old son. "The Hills Have Eyes II" is completely missing ?? as expected? Originality, logic and plausible situations. The mutant miners in the first part are not nearly as threatening as their peers, mainly because they are not organized this time and just act like drooling and sex hungry prototype monsters. Since you are not for the amateur G.I. Joe's interested in "heroes" and definitely have no sympathy for the eyes in the hills. This film is much less compelling and interesting than the original of the previous year. Especially this second movie is not nearly as violent and bloody as the first! Sequels usually compensate for the lack of tension and lack of surprising twists through additional bloodshed and more graphic killing sequences, but the plot in this sequel is truly tame compared to the predecessor's sick recordings. There are a handful of scenes to satisfy the bloodthirsty horror fanatics. mostly soldiers who fall off cliffs or are shot by their own guns? Unfortunately, there are no outrageous spiteful or virulent dog attacks. Pity! What is the point of a continuation if it does not surpass even the degree of rudeness and / or unfounded filth of the original? Fortunately, the movie is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental, and you'll enjoy having to discover all the things that make no sense! For example, wallets that fall from the bloody heads of people, women without muscle power, who are thrown as hardened soldiers. my personal favorite? Assignment of the ONE soldier with a speech impediment to the operation of the radio communication.
