Last year's remake of 'The Hills Have Eyes' was one of the better attempts to update the vaguely exploitative horror movies of the 1970s for a new audience. Alexandre Aja allowed admirable levels of character development, and when violence set in, she was mean and ferocious, all in a landscape of impeccable photography and production design. I was one of the few who actually thought it was better than the original, and was looking forward to a second visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of wild desert mutants. <br /> <br /> 'The hills have eyes 2', published just one year after the original, seems a hasty and poorly designed attempt to earn the franchise with little emphasis on quality. Jonathan Craven's screenplay may have been written on a weekend, and given the speed with which this movie hit the screens, it was likely. It draws on every worn-out genre cliché in the book and offers absolutely nothing new to the mythology of desert mutants. I always disappointed when a sequel replaces civilian characters with the military. Soldiers are always so lazy and have never been able to thoroughly penetrate the cartoons of stubby macho bullshit. In my eyes, "Aliens" was the only movie that made such a transition, thanks to James Cameron's talent, not only because he was leading the best action sequences, but never forgetting that an audience had to take care of the slaughtered people. He was also supported by some talented actors. With "The Hills Have Eyes 2" it's clear that video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the actors of television bit parts have neither the talent nor the inclination to turn their cardboard scissors into something that approaches life and breathing People. <br /> <br /> It is needless to say that every character is a broad and general cliché. They act stupidly and illogically and make stupid and illogical decisions that lead to predictable stupid and illogical deaths. The second half of the movie becomes yet another boring scenario driven through dark corridors. "The Descent" (which Sam McCurdy happened to be working on as a cinematography as well) has proven that even most sequences of sequences can still be performed with originality and excitement, but we see no such innovation here. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills Have Eyes 2' is just a very lazy movie, with no excitement, tension or surprise, and no single person interested in producing anything of quality is involved. It's a tame and tired apology for a sequel and deserves to spend the rest of her life in a blockbuster bargain.
