"The Hills Eyes II", one of the most meaningless and stupid doublets to hit the market in a while, is 90 minutes of incompetent film production at its best. Or worst, whatever you choose. While the 'Hills' remake of 2006 was one of the best and most terrifying horror films of the year, this sequel picks up every spark of what has been made of this success. Part 2 never comes off the ground, and his thoughtless dialogue does not. The worst part is that it's not that scary. <br /> <br /> The 2006 remake followed a family in the middle of the desert of New Mexico, abandoned and picked up one by one by crazy and sadistic miners. People who tested the nuclear bomb on their land years before the military are who they are. Survival of travelers wandering in the region. The sequel brings the spectators to the same desert now occupied by the military as it covertly examined the hills and what could have happened to that poor family. When a group of military trainees are taken to the campsite, they find it leaving without a life sign. A cruel reality soon hits them as they realize that they are not alone. And the bloody fate that was given to many before them soon becomes their destiny. <br /> <br /> It is not a genius to realize that 'Hills' has no legitimate reason to exist. With last year's remake well received by both box office and critics, it was not surprising that a sequel to production would plummet while still earning money. This time, there is no rhyme or reason, just an incredible and ridiculous facility to pave the way for mindless characters, non-native killings, a nonexistent story, and a diminishing interest. Director Alexander Aja originally made a remake of Craven's cult classic, which was a unique and thoroughly disturbing experience. One who cruelly crossed the border several times. His open portrayal of violence, sadistic torture, well-rounded characterization, and wise tension was effective in shocking and shaking the audience. The second time, the hand-me-downs are washed again. There is no style, no sand. It tries to build up tensions by dismembering the bodies, if all it really does is for a film making it, in which even the blood appears tame compared to newer bloodbaths. <br /> <br /> It is a sad process of fact when deformed mutants capturing women for breeding do not catch your attention. It's boring, that's all. "Hills" has no bite. Despite one or two jumps here and there, this horror movie is not particularly scary, according to the numbers. It feels like you're seeing something on the sci-fi channel, with just some F-bombs, blood spatter, rape, and a graphic birth scene that's more than shocking. It s cheap. And with 'Hills' you reap what you sew. Without effort, you can not expect anything in return. <br /> <br /> The replacement of the Aja by Martin Weisz as a director was the first big mistake of the film. All he does is to let the film go of any kind of emotional resonance. But even more shocking is the unusually poor script written by Wes Craven and his son Jonathan Craven. You ask, how bad could it be? This is the kind of dialogue that makes any comparison look like Shakespeare. Craven has had many lumps in the past, but I never expected anything like that. It's so unintentionally funny that you have to wonder if Craven is making a joke here? Or did he throw this at his son after the studio paid him off? The characters of the film are one-dimensional talking heads without emotions or common sense. Acting is just as bad. The only character you can win is Napoleon Napoli, the skinny boy who does not suit the others. Even the confused and instinct-ridden villains with whom we might have found some favor in the deepest thoughts a year ago are indifferent. You do not hate her, you do not like her. You honestly can not care less. Just like with this movie. <br /> <br /> Even though you were dizzy with fear when I was 'The Hills Have Eyes', it will be hard for you to find something to enjoy in this garbage. It's as generic as generic, and there's absolutely nothing we have not seen often. I can not say that enough, avoid "The Hills Have Eyes II" like the plague. It is fearless, unoriginal, hectic and boring. Stick to the remake or Craven's original vision. If you do not go out after the first thirty minutes, do not say I did not warn you.
