I saw this movie on its release and saw it three or four times more, last week as well. I regret that I have a disagreement over Mr Branagh's performance. <br /> <br /> This is truly a glorious, lush movie, not to mention ambitious destinations over 4 hours in length - beautifully filmed and designed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others do a good job. Then there is Kenneth Branagh. If there has ever been a vanity project for an actor, this is the case, and Mr. Branagh will not mind if he puts the "Ham" in Hamlet. From stuntcasting (which gives us the worst performance Jack Lemmon has ever experienced), the distracting businesses that give a sense of "naturalness," to his own performance where the single plays the part most famous Soliloquy in the entire literature to scream at every line of others. His performance confirms that while he may look better on stage, where he is taller, he has never been a great movie actor. The set budget could be calculated for the food, Mr. Branagh eats so much of it. His appearance is a perfect example of why people do not visit Shakespeare - "full of sound and anger, meaning nothing". And if there is a mistake in his direction, it is that he keeps the camera firmly on its coated power. <br /> <br /> No matter what theories people put on the Bard, he was, you know, finished, a playwright. The brilliance of his games is based on the fact that his themes are universal and timeless. Although there is no "right" way to play his pieces, there are certainly great plays, good and bad plays. Shakespeare himself gives instructions to the players in the text of "Hamlet" itself. It amazes me how Mr. Branagh "spoke" but did not hear it. It was an example of spending too much time on how he would say something and too little to find out what he is saying. <br /> <br /> While Mr. Branagh has certainly done some wonderful work to produce entertaining productions, he would be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the art of acting to practice them. His direction was always better than his acting. I still give him a big thank you for his interest in Shakespeare films again. He has set a good template for other productions. And it would be interesting to see him on stage, about 20 rows back. However, I hope he chooses to do more and act less. <br /> <br /> Is it worth seeing? Certainly. There are many little pleasures in the movie. But it's a long, long movie, and in the end, you may feel that it was less fun for them than to survive.
