I suppose all the insider jokes have turned Munchies into a cult classic. I thought it was awful, though given the ridiculous story and nature of the characters, it could probably have been a much better (and funnier) movie. Maybe they just needed a proper budget. <br /> <br /> Munchies is, as many viewers have said, a kind of parody of Gremlins. Therefore, all references to the film. The film starts somewhere in Peru during an archaeological dig. An annoying Dufus named Paul, an aspiring comedian who, despite his career plans, does not make sarcasm or funny jokes, is locked in the caves with his father. His father is an unconventional archaeologist, who does not search the caves for works of art or mummies or anything, but only for U.F.O. And here the munchies come into play. Hidden in the crevice is an ugly little mutant that looks like a rubber doll with a gizmo voice. They call him Arnold, put him in a bag and bring him home so that Paul's father can finally prove that he has extraterrestrial life. Paul, the idiot he is, breaks his promise to his father Look at Arnold (a bet he made with his dad.) If he loses, he goes to Community College to make a "real" career ). The scary neighbor with the bad carpet Cecil (TV veteran Harvey Korman) wonders what his neighbors are up to. So, he and his lazy son, an Airhead hippie guy (who looks like he should have turned his character into a biker or heavy metal enthusiast) to grab Arnold. Why? A rich, fast scheme, of course. And of course Cecil's son is too stupid to take care of Arnold. And after a few stitches and bumps at Arnold, he multiplies to other Munchies. <br /> <br /> This was not even a movie that was so bad that it was good. It was just awful. I had hoped that the Munchies would mutate and kill the idiots who were always after them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least it would be a way to get rid of all the bad acting in this movie that really turns the movie upside down. Not to mention bad special effects that look like hand puppets. And really bad writing - it was not even funny - not even the young policeman who can really give you the killer twitch in your eye. As I said, Munchies, if they had a proper budget and better actors, maybe they could have done a good parody. Consist.
