Munchies begins in the deepest darkest of Peru (looks more like a dirt road to me), where the archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) make an expedition. Simon believes that the ancient Aztec buildings were indeed spacecraft control centers. He seeks to prove that extraterrestrial life forms have visited the Earth, while discovering in such a structure a strange little creature that he puts in his backpack and takes home with him to the small American town of Sweetwater in California , Simon has the feeling that the creature is the proof he was looking for. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and fast-food businessman Cecil Watterman (again Harvey Korman) steals the creature so that his brother can not make any money out of it, but his idiot step-son Dude (Jon Stafford) has a fight with it and puts an end to a knife, but the pieces become little creatures that cause chaos among the inhabitants ... <br /> <br /> Under the direction of Bettina Hirsch, this must be one of the worst horror comedies, if not the worst. The script of Lance Smith is so quiet that it is painful. Every joke in Munchies misses the goal for the proverbial mile, I doubt that the humor in this bitch even reaches young people. In Munchies, there is not just something funny or amusing for me. The basic story is also crap, they just happen to walk around this creature without explaining what it is, why no one has ever seen it before, how it manages to learn English as quickly as it does, how to learn, and so on The whole thing is a big Gremlin's (1984) rip-off with none of the elements that made this movie so good. The characters are moronic, the dumb Deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil wears an awkward wig and a fake mustache, as well as his Airheaded wife, Melvis (Alix Elias) and more. They are just embarrassing and ridiculous, I challenge everyone to find this rancid trash funny. Basically, Munchies fails spectacularly either as a comedy or as a horror, and in the end it is like that, yes, you guessed it, shit. <br /> <br /> Director Hirsch obviously worked here on a low budget & it shows the whole thing takes place in two houses, the desert, some caves and a miniature golf course. This is really cheap and incompetent. The special effects on the Munchies themselves are really terrible, their dolls, which have no movement, unless someone pulls a cord from the camera on his arm. I can not stress how bad the effects are. These things would not convince my 4-year-old nephew (as I proved yesterday and me!). Total incompetence, the movie is totally shitty. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is horrible, bad special effects, lame production design, garbage sets & well, everything is just crap. The acting is through and through, from the cops to Korman, who has two roles that prove he can not act and is not funny. <br /> <br /> Munchies is a really bad movie that fails in everything that it tries to achieve, look for sure if you want, I will not stop you, but do not say you were not warned! My advice would be to look at Gremlins again, but the decision is up to you!
