Most would agree that Wolverine's character is one of the most intriguing characters in comic book history. I am not a Marvel expert, but I have grown up with the adventures of the X-Men and have definitely been recognized by Hugh Jackman's now well-known depiction of unkempt Logan. I enjoyed the first X-Men, the sequel was too heavy and messy and the third as comic entertainment. In all three movies Jackman probably liked me more than anything else. I thought the idea of ​​an "Origins" movie about Wolverine could very well be a better movie than all three X-Men movies. If we focus on one character, I thought there might be a movie that does what I failed to do for the second movie - a rather complex and character-driven comic book adventure. <br /> <br /> The reason why the Wolverine movie does not fail because the competition after The Dark Knight is tougher. It's not even because of an action that's beyond obvious and rudimentary aspects - though that's certainly not good - no, because the movie does not even seem to be trying. At first, this is not considered good entertainment. The action in this movie has something very automatic. There are no major special effects or tensions, and when an event predicts the following five, it almost feels like a Uwe Boll movie mimicking an action / adventure movie concept you've seen a dozen times before. Of course, nothing in this movie is as terrible as a piece of Boll's, but if all the clichés speak as if they were part of a chain of events that are so standardized, then at least you're making the connection and that's certainly bad enough. <br /> <br /> But there is an even bigger problem. Even a generic action movie is a generic action movie, and that makes you forgive a lot of action holes and character follies. I think you can find the most basic mistake in the title. I mean "origins". "Really?" What do people behind this film think about this title? What do you mean?? You want to know the origin of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They ran away from home in dramatic circumstances. Then they went to war. All of them! Civil War, World War I and World War II as well as Vietnam. Why did you do that? Still unknown. Finally, the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) got angry. "As?" you ask. I do not know, it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" you still ask. I just said i do not know !! The movie does not explain it. He is evil alright! "Yes, but ..." Origins "" ... Yes, that's an origin! I mean, you! Anyway, they finally end up with a super secret team of mutated elite soldiers. Something with the government, ho-hum. Wolvie gets enough and leaves his brother. For the past six years he has been a happy lumberjack with a loved one who ends up defenseless by the time Sabretooth suddenly reappears. "Yeaaah ... but ... why?" - Oh shut up! - and Wolvie decides to be a Guinneapig for a group of evil scientists who turn him into a meat-covered war-bull made of metal. He goes after all the bad guys and they follow him, and after all the fights he ends up with his memory being erased and X-Men presents the first movie. <br /> <br /> There. That's the origin. You will also find it on the back of the DVD cover. The actual movie does not tell you otherwise. No worthwhile action scenes, no good heroes, villains or characters in general (lines of my couch audience: thick suit! Token black guy! Oh, I'll give you 200 in cash if the girl survives this movie.) Gambit ... ? mmhm, yeah ... er-huh, right), not a line of memorable dialogues and zero lines to cover a t-shirt, plus the usual stupid things that ruin the plausibility general that you could normally forgive ... well, that sounds like a waste of time, right? Fans will check or already have this. You can not stop that. But if you did not like the X-Men movies for a reason other than being well-made and entertaining - see them again and do no favors when you're looking for sources that have none gives.
