Soulless Milking Cash Cow Franchise. Generic superhero movie. CGI showcase. Gavin Hood's "A series of unlikely events". Combinatorial iteration of mutant combat scenes, strung together by spurious exposure, justifying the formation / resolution of arbitrary alliances. I do not expect Shakespeare here, but the cliché per minute was off the charts: Primal screaming as he looks up at the sky and kneels over the murdered girlfriend. Renegade military commander. Predictable double crosses. The revenge was looking for a killed lover. Deleted memories. Bad character who discovers morality at the last minute. Misguided errors in the execution of Nemesen after they were defeated in close combat. Lover not really dead. The lover is actually a spy for the archenemy of the hero. Girlfriend / spy actually falls in love with the protagonist. Good people work for an enemy to save kidnapped family members. The evil thinker does not keep promises to reluctant employees. Friendly old couples provide for tired heroes and are murdered for their problems. Certain deaths will be averted if third parties arrive before the coup d'état. Hero reluctantly joins the secret government agency. Abolition of the elite unit in protest against the killing of innocents. Scientists who are unable to control indestructible killing machines of their own creation. An outdated but lovable "secret weapon" from the government brings a better-designed but heartless successor out of the game. The hero walks away from the wreck and incidentally lights a gasoline track behind him. After giving up, the flat heart monitor picks up a pulse. The evil mastermind tells the hero plans he no longer sees as a threat. Held refuses to kill defeated enemies because he is "better than that". Transparent comic relief character makes humorous understatement and unusual comments. The happy psychopath indulges in random murderous rampages. Nearly indestructible Goliaths hurl themselves through a series of walls and other physical traumas that would kill a mortal. The man sends dozens of weapons that enemies use with nothing but skillful swordplay. Common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry were temporarily abandoned. Antagonist uses the murder of a loved one as a justification for a misguided crusade. I could go on, but that's just exhausting. If you are over 12 years old and do not live in Mother's Basement, there is probably nothing for you here. Depressing, superhero movies are not too far off in size, so drop everything I've written if you can not get enough of the genre.
