It's official, people - Hou Hsiao-Hsien has no thought in his pretty little head. Wondering why he chose Shu Qi as a muse? <br /> <br /> Shu (or is that Qi?) does not appear in this one. Instead, we get a fiancee Yo Hitoto, who seems to be a pop star in Japan. In the end, she's a pop star, just like the girl who serves you at Rockin 'Curry, "an Actriss" - and a wasted Tadanobu Asano, usually a quality indicator that has nothing to do with it, but stands around and like a mumbling one Asian hipster looks and is too old to do that for himself. <br /> <br /> Hou's philosophy? Life is a dizziness, a big nothing, feel it and go on. I'd like to do that, but Hou gives us nothing to feel at Cafe Lumiere, except for a bland photo essay from Life in Tokyo around 2003 and the overwhelming observation that people are ships passing by at night. No, do not connect the trains that pass by day by day, everyone races to their own destination, usually a variant of a dark tunnel or maybe a bridge, if they're lucky. Yikes Flowers of Shanghai is one of the most filigree, sophisticated and fascinating films of all time. How could the same director, who made the first recording of the film, talk about twelve actors who talk about machine gun for about ten minutes - an impossible directing job - that can make that laconic sub-jarmuscheality porn movie for two now in a row? Millennium Mambo may be dead weight, but there are at least two great shots that point to Hous's true vocation as a film equivalent of Odilon Redon: these scenes are the sex scene with the arrhythmically flashing lights and the first shot of Shu Qi floating down a blue aisle. His M.O. In the making of Cafe Lumiere it seemed to have been like removing the two great shots of Millennium Mambo to make it more uniform. You are the judge, if that sounds appealing. <br /> <br /> Hou does not have to be refined - you can not refine the limbo idea further than Flowers of Shanghai. He needs to expand to inflate himself outward to release the inner expressionist and genre revitalizer so senselessly wasted on stereotypical minimalism. It's time for him to do a live action remake of Akira or something. This type of art film, in which the actors are supposed to be authentic because they are facelessly held in remote and monosyllabic, is now as safe, ghettoised, and stagnant as the Hollywood action blockbuster. (What is the connection between "reality" and people who can not speak?) It seems to me that people "in real life" never stop jabbering.) Then again, considering that in 2005 alone big-budget movies as a Varied and rich in wealth brought ideas such as Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong, one can now say with certainty that even Michael Bay Hou has surpassed, and that's really sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is, even though Hou is in his 50s. Frankly, it feels like I have not even started. There are a few moments in this film that show that the promise is still there, such as a moody bit earlier in the bookstore, when the room becomes a blood-red Sunset Red, while Hitoto talks about babies with the faces of Goblins speaks. Whatever the anxiety holds him back, as pleasant as it may be, it is always the same film to make and by the gullible and pretentious as the Redeemer of the cinema, Hou, your time as a favorite of Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin, Being celebrated and whatever else is on film festivals is almost over and people are quickly getting on with their cunning. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two or three words: Tsai Ming-Liang. They are now struck by these two boring swindlers who are going to their dark tunnels forever. Risk your shirt for a science fiction epic, sell it, pout - but leave the social critique to people who have no eye and no heart. Let your painterly talent be fully expressed. Otherwise they will never come out of the air.
