I am relatively late to the transcendent work of film writer Yasujiro Ozu, whose masterfully underestimated views of Japanese life, especially in the post-World War II era, illuminate universal truths. I have seen several of his most important films, such as "Late Spring" (1949) and "Tokyo Story" (1953) of 1953. I am convinced that Ozu had a particularly idiosyncratic gift, the range of feelings that resulted from the conflict between the two Generations emerge through elliptical narratives and subtle imagery. It is Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien who has honored his ambition to honor Ozu on this 100th anniversary of this generally exciting 2003 film. Hsiao-hsien, along with co-script writer T'ien-wen Chu, seems to be doing the right thing, but does not capture the emotional weight required to make the glacier slip bearable. <br /> <br /> The story is about Yôko, a young Japanese writer who explored the life of Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye in the mid-20th century in Tokyo, after she returned from Taiwan where she was Japanese taught. After 25 minutes of character creation, she reveals to her father and stepmother that she is pregnant by one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, Yôko's coffee house friend Hajime, who runs a used bookstore, is obsessed with trains and seems to be in love with her. Hsiao-hsien combines this slender plotting line with a series of shots that are considered unusually long takes when the frame composition changes. There are also long stretches of silence as well as a wealth of scenes with trains. While these techniques are in line with Ozu's style, Hsiao-hsien does not seem to dive into the psyche of the characters, as Ozu did with maximum fluidity and minimal theatrics. In particular, Yôko's distress does not seem to be binding in the scheme of the drama presented. Her parents' reaction was too passive to arouse much interest. In fact, the entire film has an atmosphere of exhaustion that makes the movie seem endless. <br /> <br /> The performances are inconspicuous, but hardly memorable. J-pop music star Yo Hitoto brings Yôko a natural lightness, while Tadanobu Asano as Hajime is a cipher. The other characters barely register, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yôko's parents. Cinematographer Lee Ping-Bing does expert work, although he violates the cardinal rule of Ozu films by keeping the camera unstable during the shooting. Hitoto speaks the calling pop song used in the credits "Hito-Shian". The DVD features a one-hour French-produced documentary "Métro Lumière," which in fact helps explain the context of Hsiao-hsien's approach to film. It contains excerpts from Ozu's films, especially "Equinox Flower", to show the parallels to this film, surprisingly mentioning neither "Tokyo Story" nor "Early Summer", the obvious basis for some scenes and situations. UPS. There are also edited interview clips from Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien as well as the trailer of the film.
