CREEPSHOW 2 is the unfortunate sequel to the (overvalued) original by George Romero, CREEPSHOW. Any sequel to a Romero film not staged by Romero himself has some big shoes to offer, mainly because of the Romero fans who think he is God. The first movie did not interest me much and funny, the sequel did not interest me too much. The film series had so much potential, but was short-lived as both films were less outstanding. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that it had only three stories (with the exception of the story in between). Since the first story was unbelievable, only half of the movie remained * really * good. I have seen CS 2 in the movies and the first section was a real moan. Anything with George "I can not act" Kennedy is automatically doomed to fail and the story of the Indian statue was too hokey and just did not belong to this sequel. After a really banal and boring start, there were only two other stories that could lift the fiasco of the broken start. Unfortunately, the other two stories were not big enough to forget the first story. THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER are moderately successful, moderate, because although the other two segments have their moments, they still fall flat. The last two stories are basically too long stretched. It was not that I wanted the stories to go at a dizzying pace and end quickly, but the two good ideas found in those stories were nullified by the fact that they were slow and replenished Eventually it collapsed when the segments had to become more energetic. unpredictable and with stronger ends. If the last two stories had not been shot on film or all three segments with better cut and better orientation had been short, they could have added a much needed fourth story to the group. With only three padded segments for a boring feast. <br /> <br /> In both THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER, acting and writing are from horrible to good. I like Lois Chiles in the last segment. It's probably her best moment on the screen, apart from her role as Bond Girl Holly Goodhead in MOONRAKER and DEATH ON THE NILE. But their role is sometimes difficult to understand because of the direction and unfocused story. Should we hate her or sympathize with her? Shall we sympathize with the annoying hitchhiker? If the hitchhiker's body was found by other people on the street, what was he doing when he attacked Chile? Was he a ghost or a zombie or something? After all, how did the body leave the presence of the other people who found it dead to attack Chile? The whole thing is not very clear even for a supernatural story. And the end is pretty boring and uneventful. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous THE RAFT story, the drama is mostly on the dreadful side and none of the characters are personable or interesting. The characters would be more interesting if the actors had played themselves. None of the actors convinces in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than the dumb jock he plays, and the actress who plays his girlfriend does not convince as a typical slut. She seems too shy. The same could be said with the other two who play the "simple" teenagers. The idea of ​​the Killer Oil Slick is interesting and scary, but not well executed. There should have been a fifth character in the story, maybe a homeless or a ranger who roams the lake and knows about the oil spill, and may have been the water monster's alter ego. As scary as the oil spill is, it does not make a compelling "character". And as the story ends, everything seems pointless. No blow in any case. <br /> <br /> Apart from the few tickling aspects that always seem boring, it was basically a waste of money and time to see CREEPSHOW 2 in a theater. CS 2 is more loan material than anything you see on the big screen.
