We were all there, sitting with some friends, watching a bad movie and laughing at how terrible it was and how bad the acting was. At some point, the credits roll and everyone looks around and says, "How is it possible that such a movie was made? Who paid to make this script a feature film?" Well, Jigsaw is not such a movie. Instead of asking how this garbage was budgeted, one wonders why the makers were shot from a cannon in the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is probably the worst movie ever made or conceived. He's from a guy who saw Campfire Stories and Fever Lake. The movie starts in a kind of college class. What kind of class am I unsure of, but it is believed to be an art class. Now these idiots have received one last project from their idiot teacher, five of them are getting pieces of a mannequin and are supposed to design them as they see fit, and since there are only five pieces, the other students will get Class A and Automatic A, Strangely, there are only six students in this entire class, so the one goth chic gets a free A, good for them! A week goes by, and the five students plus a teacher and a hillbilly husband meet in a bar to discuss and complete their project. They put the parts together, head, arms and legs and let the others know why they have decided on their specific designs. These creative geniuses took advantage of the week to their full advantage: One puts a saw blade in the left hand, which gets another a sawed shotgun, the right leg gets a pile of broken ceramics and the left a few newspaper clippings, the head ala Hellraiser 3 is the worst, if you get a camera in the eye, with some bottle rockets for a stylish Mo-Hawk. After all of them have worked on their specific designs, the now-drunk teacher says they should burn the mannequin with the fitting name Jigsaw. So far, it has been a standard for a horrible movie, bad acting, dialogue and everything else, but it was still pretty plausible, but after Jigsaw caught fire, things turn out for the worst ... Jigsaw comes alive ... How to ask? I have no idea, he just does it because the writers do not find a realistic way for two pounds of molded plastic to come alive (Come, boys, a flash of light, a traveling voodoo priest, everything could have worked.) Once Jigsaw to Life is awakened, he uses his new abilities to walk very slowly and stilt with his sculpted fingers to wreak havoc. First he kills the cool guy with some barbed wire. This guy, who just wanted to wear it with a hot chic, decides that in the distance it's better to drink beer from a distance than is more important than what lies ahead. With him off, Jigsaw shoots the sexy girl in the face and then gives an old man a heart attack with a slight turn of his head, then he sees a mean-looking South woman and then her Hillbilly husband; Jigsaw then kills the nerdy guy with a headless delusion. Did I mention that Jigsaw took body parts from his victims to make a human version of himself? No! Well, it does not matter that they do not even show his macabre creation, they do not even show that he's stealing a torso from his poor creators (maybe he's been trying to create the head detective of In Living Color). After these five are killed, only the teacher and the nerdy girl are left. The teacher realizes that Jigsaw needs only one head to complete his masterpiece, as he still has no interest in this hull thing. As a coward, he is the teacher and binds the girl as a victim to Jigsaw, who comes only to seek the teacher with his electric circular saw, which is not even plugged. This is where the crazy movie ends. He can even see the teacher being killed or what's happening to the girl, let alone an explanation of why Jigsaw came to life or how he got rid of him after burning. This movie is so shameful that it has to be seen, it only takes 71 minutes and is therefore a small part of your day. For the memories of a lifetime, jigsaw, jigsaw, jigsaw. Thank you, Total Recall! The judge has decided to only watch jigsaw if your plans to separate your genitals are gone through.
