This movie really disappointed me. The spectacle is cruel. Incredible. And it's about actors. The story is unbelievably obvious: a group of independent actors stage a passion play and begin to live the lives of the characters they play. Recently, thanks to Netflix, I've watched a lot of movies, and this is the first one I have not seen in a long time. I felt like I did not have to see the end. We all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> For some, it seems that this "modernization" of the Gospels is either sacrilegious or enlightening. I can not speak to any of them because I did not grow up in the Christian church. That being said, I grew up in the US and live in an increasingly Christian culture. I am curious enough about Jesus and the modernization of religion, for better or for worse. I have not seen Mel Gibson's version, but I guess those who liked this version will like this, with the exception of the most conservative ones. I just wish this was a better movie. <br /> <br /> Many of these critiques praise Arcand's direction and especially cinematography. I did not like either. The movie itself is more prude and preaching. I did not believe in the characters' characters and I was never busy with their lives on the screen. The piece within the piece is very old-fashioned and would, I believe, not carry its own weight in a real-time production. But that is not the point. What I really needed to accomplish this would have been a stronger character development and the intention to support the philosophical and theological issues that the film would like to have. And the musical choices are obvious and unoriginal. <br /> <br /> There were two examples that come easily to mind. First, there is a reenactment of the parable of Jesus driving the money lenders out of the temple: The lead actor, in love with the woman who will play Magdalene, who is also a model and dancer, becomes furious that she is discouraging herself Must audition for a commercial (with a nasty producer and many gasping men in the audience) with cut-out pants. He throws the place away and chases it out. I think that's the level that the movie wants to achieve. The romance between these two is completely arbitrary and not emotionally realized and the scene is played like a high school rendition of Death of a Salesman, d. H. Not good. Please stop beating me with this idiosyncratic "meaning". The other is the relationship between the other female leader and the priest who asked her to play the play, who eventually turns against her and betrays her to the corrupt church today. Why. Why is she sleeping with this guy? "It brings him so much joy and so little pain." Ah, the holy whore and the lovely old chicken. It seems just enough for Arcand to enrich and enliven these characters. They go through the movements and I grab the eject button. <br /> <br /> Feel free to write me down as bored, dulled or simply not interested. Feel free to watch this movie and see the passion in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, delivered as amateur and gimmick. Feel free to confirm all your preconceptions and see that all traces of artistic integrity are abandoned for monotonous hustle and bustle. But do not say I did not warn you.
