"Kings and Queen" is a bloated French drama that continues uninterrupted for two hours and thirty-two minutes for no apparent purpose or purpose. <br /> <br /> The film contains two stories that initially seem disconnected, eventually connecting together in about half of the movie. The first focuses on Nora and her struggles with various men in her life, including an elderly father who discovers he only has a few days left to live. The other story refers to a young man named Ismael, a violinist who - unjustifiably - is taken to a psychiatric institution through the machinations of an unknown third party. After traveling on separate tracks for a while, these two narrative threads finally come together when we learn that Ishmael is a former lover of Nora and the man she chose to adopt her son from an earlier, tragic relationship a little more focus and considerable rationalization could have made "Kings and Queen" a powerful drama about modern relationships. It certainly has moments of tremendous insight and emotional power, and the performances are for the most part complex and touching. Overall, however, the film meanders so much that he apparently begins to destroy our patience and worsen his greeting early on. Even more disturbing is the fact that although we spend an apparent eternity in the company of these people, we really do not know what to make of it when the show is finally over. For example, on his deathbed, Nora's father writes a fatal argument against the character of his daughter, who just does not agree with the woman we've been watching for over two hours. Nora is not a mother Theresa (who is that?), But she does not deserve being thrown by her own father. You could blame Nora for being confused, undecided, sometimes a little selfish, but angry enough that her father wished he could give himself cancer and let her die in his place? I do not believe that. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie just works as deep as I could imagine. But I suspect that even writer Roger Bohbot and co-writer / director Arnaud Desplechin may have difficulty fully explaining their purpose here. This is a well-played, overbearing role of a movie that takes the viewer on a long, wandering journey through a sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that does not make it any wiser or more enlightened than it did at the beginning.
