"Rois et Reine" is a vast mess of a movie that will probably irritate as many audiences as it delights. It focuses alternately on ex-lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric), both of whom are experiencing a major crisis in their now separate lives. While Nora's story is straightforward and bleak, Ismaels is mainly laughed at, though she's not particularly funny. The crisis of Nora is triggered by the fatal illness of her father Louis (Maurice Garrel) and Ishmael's sudden imprisonment in a mental hospital at the behest of a mysterious third party. Ishmael and Louis are just two of the men who shaped Nora's life. They were shaped by her again. The most notable others were her late first lover Pierre and her young son Elias. When past and present events are played out to the audience and the ex-lovers are involved in the other's life again, it gradually turns out that Nora's personal approach to her life story may be less reliable than it appears at first glance. <Br /> <br /> Cult director Arnaud Desplechin has created a considerable strangeness here, which has received a lot of attention in France. He deliberately renounces established narrative conventions and develops the film through a series of dramatic mood and mood shifts. If this approach had been based on a coherent unifying core idea or theme, it might have worked, but in the end, it's not clear what Desplechin's film is about. Persistent allusions to Greek mythology and Freudian theory are obviously fraught with meaning, but at least for this inexperienced moviegoer, they are less helpful in illuminating and interpreting the characters' lives. At other times, the treatment lapses into kitsch, but the use of the anodynic "moon river" as the motto of the film suggests that this is probably intentional. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler Warning ** I suppose one main theme of the film movie is the not very original observation that, as we see ourselves, can radically differ from how others see us or even how we think that others see us. This idea is most clearly portrayed in the film by the violent death of Pierre and the revelation in Louis' secret diary. Unfortunately, both events seem completely independent of what was otherwise revealed to the listeners of Pierre and Louis' respective relationship with Nora. This seems to be a cheat for Desplechin's role, as if he were imposing the idea in an immediate form rather than more subtly illustrating it in the natural course of the narrative. One or two dark surreal touches imply the presence of an alternative but largely unconscious world of people who have been frighteningly exposed, but these in turn are perceived as presumptuous interventions in film technology rather than outbreaks from a deeper, inherent truth reservoir. In fact, despite all their hard action at depth, the characters are strangely undeveloped and unnoticed, as if they act more as a cipher for their creator's many ideas about humans than as real humans for themselves. Many details of her life seem arbitrary and not organic. For example, as we are constantly reminded, Ishmael is a violist, but it takes more than two hours to actually see or hear him, and the effect of his chosen instrument or profession on his personality is never elaborated. Therefore, he may as well be a marine biologist or trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings some manic charm to the unencumbered, but ultimately sound mind, but I found Devos deceptive and monotonous (which may be intentional) as the elusive Nora. Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ishmael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as a psychoanalyst and Magalie Woch as a psychologically wounded but defiant sinologist, whom he makes friends in the hospital, make the most of the supporting actors. Catherine Deneuve is also there, though her role is little more than a self-referential cameo. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, "Rois et Reine" is a very popular taste. If you fail to press your buttons, it is very likely that Desplequin's undisciplined and thriving approach will become frustrated and annoying, even if you continue to watch.
