This is another feature of this' people vs. Insects / eco-horror 'traits; a topic that was popular in the late 70's. Only you can not really call it horror. There is no tension and no cruel events. In other words, this movie is pretty lame. It's not that it's really bad or something. it is just very boring. A construction site near a hotel reveals a large ant nest. Later we learn that the bite has become poisonous, probably due to different types of pesticides that have been used in the past. Some people are bitten and taken to hospital, and it takes forever for the residents of the hospital to find out what's going on. Robert Foxworth clears it up first and then you see him getting angry with a digger for a few hours. Then they flee to the house, waiting to be rescued. And, man, you should see every effort you make to save them. I will not spoil too much, but eventually they even use a big helicopter. All the time, when I saw that, I sat there and thought, "Come on guys, you put on all your shoes, just run out of the building, I'm sure a bunch of ants will not catch up with you." It's all pretty ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are many close-ups of crawling ants throughout the movie. Ants in the garden. Ants in the trash. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in the sink. And best of all, ants crawl on people's faces as the actors breathe through straws. But when you see groups of ants in wider settings, they actually look like black rice, and the set designers clung to the wall. No, it has nothing to do with a twist in the plot. It was just that Brian Dennehy acted as Chief Firefighter. Ehrr ... what else can I say? This movie is called "IT LAKEWOOD MANOR", but the boxing style of my copy read ANTS and the title during the opening credits was "PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR". There you have it. Well, since this is a TV movie from the 70s, I will be extremely mild in my final rating. Well, THE SAVAGE BEES, another television movie about people against insects from 1976 was much better than this one. I even feel like I have to go back and add some points to the rating after seeing ANTS. You're missing excitement, action, thrills, shocks and horror. After ANTS only an annoying itching remains.
