The only thing that I liked about this movie is that it was ONLY enough to keep me in my seat until the very end /> <br /> Those who like Gus Van Sant's movies - especially his later ones - will be probably like this. Personally, I find van Sant's films boring, overbearing and uncomplicated. Well, he was an executive producer for this movie, so it's not surprising that the movie could almost have been made by him - although I actually liked that more than the recent efforts of Van Sant (eg Elephant). <br /> <br Unlike many here, I found the film difficult to understand or disjointed. I thought, above all, a film that wants to express a certain mood - the mood of a teenager who is slowly moving into the adult world - but so slow that the changes are barely visible, if at all. But I think the movie's problem is that "mood" is not enough ... and not only that, but also that the mood painted here, in my opinion, was wrongly chosen for the story that is supposed to happen. The dream-like quality that is so closely associated with nature is beautifully captured here, but it's a mood that much more belongs to a much younger kid that is still really totally into watching nature (waves on the beach) entangled, grasses and flowers, spiders, etc.). The rhythm of the movie reminds me of my summers when I was about eight or nine. There is a LANGUOR for the movie that stands against a very tense time in a youthful life. If you have a crush on someone - or are exposed to bullying at school - then you are anything but boring! There are only two moments that really worked for me in the movie ... SPOILERS HERE - not until Logan drops the food and his mother has a seizure. The frustration of an adult who had to deal with a crazy kid - especially without a father present - seemed to me to be real. <br /> <br /> The second and ONLY part of the movie with all the suspense was the scenes in which "Leah" (Logan's re-enactment of himself) calls Rodeo and tries to seduce him into phone sex. The first reason I liked it is that the person who adopted Leah's voice was the most compelling actor in the entire movie. (I had to think of Claire Danes from My So-Called Life ... the voice even sounded like Claire.) She and Rodeo had the only scenes that were completely believable among the children. What I liked most was the fact that Rodeo just acted like he was acting ... it was perhaps the best moment in the movie as - finally! - We have a few character developments. <br /> <br /> All in all, a somewhat failed effort ... we have to see what he does in his next movie before we can really say a lot about the director's potential talents. In the meantime, it could be a world of good to him if he can escape the influence of Van Sant. Who is this director - one of Van Sant's Boy Toys?
