Just awful Slasher, formed from the I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER type of feed, has beautiful wealthy college students who spend spring holidays in a condo in Florida that is murdered one after another. A misfire in each category you can imagine ranges from properly built up voltage to the executed death sequences. Nothing is handled properly and the characters leave little more than caricatures that you see decimated as quickly as possible. Del Tenney (The Curse of the Living Dead Body, I Eat Your Skin), co-written by all the people who have been senior staff members, and played a key role as priests, whose relationship to the killer means, in my opinion, something psychotic. The murderer's disclosure is unwieldy and ineffective, probably not surprising that a soul is watching her. There are many attacks that startled a jump, with a character jumping out to scare his friend, who could not even produce some cheap thrills because he's so lukewarm. Most attacks occur outside the screen with bleeding cuts (or pools) that are the only real representation of violence. The tedious finale, in which the murderer goes on and the actor desperately tries to make his villain as diabolical and demeanor as possible, is embarrassing and tense. There is not a single positive effect from this clichéd and boring practice, in which the pretty cast takes little effort to overcome its one-dimensional roles. And to pity they would at least have allowed us to see Joey Lawrence being beheaded, or something to resist the misery of sitting agonizingly through that garbage heap for ninety minutes. Dorie Barton, like heroine, the last girl, Beth Morgan, with whom the killer seems obsessed, could not be more biased and uninteresting (oh, she was in the pulmonary department taking tablets for her nightmares, such a fascinating account). Chad Allen, who is cast as a very intimidating "friend" of the group (against the guy who first disappears from the movie and disappears the idea that he's the first victim disappears), has a hard hill climbing with his role can steeply stumbles at last, rolls unchecked with no end in sight. Jeff Conaway, who probably needs some money, probably has the role of the FBI agent whose assassination motivates his daughter to track down the killer who leads him to Florida. Jack McGee has his usual role as a trained Florida police chief who often comes into contact with Conaway's agent. Oh, the answer to the title question ... not really. Because once you get the answer, you'll wonder why you've dealt with it anyway.
