The movie started with Wheeler sneaking into his girlfriend's apartment. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - too talented person for this movie) did not like Wheeler - a feeling that I can easily identify with. The aunt decided to bring this dull young woman abroad to take her away from Wheeler. They went and Wheeler invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom because they promised to make him their king. At about the same time, Woolsey was in the same little mythical kingdom and made king. When Wheeler arrived, it was up to the boys to defend themselves, but they refused because they were already friends - which greatly disappointed people because killing and replacing kings is a national pastime. <br /> <br /> I'm a big fan of comedy from the Golden Age of Hollywood - the dumb era of the 1940s. I've seen and reviewed hundreds, if not thousands, of these films, and despite my love and appreciation for these films, I've never been able to understand the appeal of Wheeler and Woolsey - the only comedy team that could be as bad as Ritz - brothers! Although they have been very successful in their brief career in Hollywood (canceled due to the early death of Robert Woolsey), I can not help but notice that virtually every other successful team has made the same basic thoughts, but much better. For example, there were many elements in this film that recalled Marx Brother's movie DUCK SOUP, but CRACKED NUTS never made me laugh, and DUCK SOUP was a stupid and very entertaining trump Sometimes Woolsey spoke a bit like Groucho, but his jokes Never have headlines that are funny even remotely! In fact, he just seemed to pounce senselessly. His only strange feature was that he looked stupid - certainly no reason to film him. Besides, Wheeler had the comic attraction of a cheese-a cheese that sang very badly! A missed opportunity was the old routine of vaudeville, later made famous by Abbott and Costello as "Who's First". It was made in this movie, but it lacked any joke or timing. Shortly after they started playing, they just finished the routine - so prematurely that they are frustrated. I knew that "who came in first place" had been in use for many years and was used by many teams, but I really wanted Wheeler and Woolsey to get a fair shot and give it their own look. <br /> <br /> Once I found another sub movie of this duo again. While I have to admit that I liked a bit of their films (like SILLY BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS - which I actually rated at 6 on IMDb), this was an important endurance test - something I find too often when I watch the movies from Wheeler and Woolsey. Where was the whole humor ?!
