Like a relative who gives you a bad gift, Soul Survivors has his heart in the right place, but is squandered with a bad execution. Stephen Carpenter's writing / directing effort is borrowed free from other, better films like Jacob's Ladder and Abre Los Ojos (Open Your Eyes). For those who have not seen any of these films, I will not reveal the premise. Suffice to say that it is not nearly as well handled here as in these two superior films. Melissa Sagemiller stars like Cassie, who are about to go to college. Your current friend Sean (Ben Affleck) and ex-boyfriend Matt (Wes Bentley), both friends, and Annabel (spicy Eliza Dushku) are in a car accident after being persecuted by two murderers (?) In transparent masks. She survives the wreck, but during her visit to college, visions of the torture of the hospital emerge, and dead people reappear and disappear, leaving them completely confused: who is dead? Who lives? What is real? <br /> <br /> Soul Survivors has the appearance of a bad look - done, packed, blood spattered and with a body stacking teenage exploitation movie. It does have a certain amount of killer-stalking-the-victim scenes (copious, repetitive and startling), but at least it's trying to build up tension with ideas rather than clichés, but unfortunately it's rather unsuccessful. It causes confusion much more often than cohesion, as the story becomes confused, messy and incoherent in the vicinity of key points of the puzzle (predictably). Horror fans picking up a copy will have no idea it's about a movie that's more about building a troubled facade of reality than delivering a body count. Credit goes to Carpenter for trying to do something beyond a seasoned teen horror movie. Too bad he created a derivative psychological thriller. Sagemiller also deserves a lot of praise for showing strength in the core performance, actually developing his character and evoking a sense of emotion like Cassie's unraveling. It's great that the filmmakers try something different, but the movie ends with a mixed sack and a failed experiment. <br /> <br /> 4 out of 10
