Final score: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After seeing 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back', I was probably on a big kick from Eliza Dushku when I rented this movie. "Soul Survivors" is a garbage-like "psychological thriller" disguised as a lousy teen slasher movie - even a masked killer dealing with young people like Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty) and Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona) and sympathetic stars Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also there, as a priest ridiculously wrong. The film, the idea of ​​writer / director Stephen Carpenter, seems to be like a mutant offspring of "Open Your Eyes" or "Vanilla Sky" and of films in which a character (and the audience) is in a world caused by an accident the dilation is advised. Death. The film always produces confusing images and leaves us confused for the entire duration until this alternative reality is finally resolved. I do not think these films are so entertaining by nature, but "SS" is a cheap garbage cinema cut in any way. The visuals, the script, the acting and trying to find each originality are all throwaway films of this kind. Plus, it's PG-13, so it does not even supply the Gore or T & A to make it a bad one To support pleasure (even the unrated version is tame). I had heard that the movie contained a "hot" shower scene between Dushku and Sagemiller. When the film broke up in front of me and all the other conversations seemed to be lost, I patiently waited for the shower scene - at least I would get something out of it. Then it comes: The two girls get color on their shirts, they jump fully clothed in the shower and scrub them off. That's it. People thought that was hot? "Soul Survivors" is one of those boring movies that are so weak and incapable of having any feelings for it. There is nothing out and hardly worth writing about. In the end, it leaves us empty. Carpenter's finale is a jumble of flashing light and pounding sound, and that's probably the liveliest part. Undoubtedly, it will come to an end as a late night ring because of the low cost and PG-13 rating in the US or the sci-fi channel - and that's probably the best.
