The world is on the brink of destruction, and a suicide mission is sent to the Sun to avert disaster by firing a bomb into its fiery heart: yes, it's Solar Crisis, also known as Crisis 2050, which burned a huge chunk of change who returned to the screen never seen in 1990 and returned barely enough to buy a Happy Meal for any cast in Japan before going straight to a video (remember her?) in a revised version that one Alan Smithee was credited. The handhook is almost the same as Sunshine - suicide mission to the sun, saboteur aboard, logic dump - except that this time around, they will not try to rekindle the sun, but prematurely explode a solar flare before it can reach Earth. With a talking bomb. Voiced by Paul Williams. Who wants to be promoted so that the crew takes him seriously? Given that the cast also includes Jack Palance as his most intrusive OTT, Charlton Heston's his most rigid top liner Tim Matheson to his anonymous, unforgotten Michael Berryman from Hills Have Eyes (you may not remember the name, but you. ) Remember that face) and Peter Boyle as an industrialist who wants to sabotage the mission, because if the world is successful, it will be saved, but the stock price will go down. You would expect, if not at least a minute to laugh, a laugh on every roll. No fun. This is the worst bad movie: a boring one. The fate of the world may be in limbo, but the entire movie is being shot with complete urgency or momentum, at the same, deadly, slow pace. There's a low-key and it works, but the actors do not even do that here. Instead, they just stand still and almost always watch the screens close to the darkness. They still hope that Paul Williams' talking bomb gets into an existential crisis, but instead, the movie is ... just there and doing next to nothing. Literally. This is one of the sluggish movies ever made? so lethargic that if Clive Owen had been occupied he would have looked almost alive by comparison. Even a poorly declared suicide attempt can not be of interest, since it's mostly yep when the plaster cast just stops and looks at screens near the dark. Even if the bomb prematurely goes into the countdown before the start, you are facing the new crisis through ?? Looking silently at screens near the dark, as if they were in the world all the time. There are better action scenes in Merchant Ivory movies. <br /> <br /> Things are not much livelier on Earth where the movie spends most of its time with Matheson's son / Chuck's grandson Corin Nemec trying to get on board spaceflight through a dry landscape with Palances insane Desert artist who "looks out for this note while the chicks are still digging me" as they refuse Mad Max rip-offs and corporate suits that track him down so they can? dismiss him on a beautiful beach. Just do not expect logic if you have not guessed so much. Best moment? A gloomy girl in a bar who describes Jack Palance as "an old man with white hair and a face like rotted leather", even though Chucky Baby pulls the bad guy's plane out of a office window with a bazooka or beats a barfly Like his beret, camp's welcome bites are in a movie that provides a lot of nut for 99% of its runtime. Richard C. Sarafian's slightly longer original cut, played in Japan, offers six additional minutes, but screams for a manageable 17 minutes: The director of Vanishing Point must have thanked his lucky stars when the reissue gave him a mark To take names from the movie. A movie that is so bad that it is not good, and is painfully unrelated to it
