Wolfe's original novel - and indeed throughout history - is about making things happen in a carefully calculated sense of purposefulness. The goal is survival in a particular lifestyle. The novel is full of malice. The only relationship that is emotionally true is that between Sherman and his daughter Campbell, and that's just addressed. Apart from that, everyone is out for what he can make the public, the power, the money or self-aggravation difficult. Wolfe was criticized for having knocked every character and social segment of New York City over his head. His answer was a rejection. After all, he lived in New York himself and was a member of a neighborhood committee and other admirable organizations. Exactly the qualifications that you wanted in your CV to deny that he did not like New Yorkers. (Wolfe earned his doctorate in Yale and is not a dummy.) These supposed weaknesses make the novel memorable. Nobody was good. And Sherman McCoy was broke, a professional social justice protester. The film throws it all away and gives the story a moral framework that simply does not fit. Wolfe has done his homework. The novel was rooted in reality. Every event was not only possible but absolutely credible. Wolfe may have become a great cultural anthropologist - he knows how to penetrate a system and record its details. Yeah, maybe each of us, like Sherman and his lover, found the South Bronx, which was threatened by two black kids and took a short break after bumping into one of them. This scene is transferred cleanly from the print to the celluloid. <br /> <br /> But after this scene, the movie does not seem to trust its audience and sometimes gets desperate when it comes to delivering its message no matter how nebulous the message is. <br /> <br /> Sherman may accidentally beat a child and be arrested for what he is in the novel, but he would not return to his phenomenally expensive apartment immediately after his release from jail, take out a shotgun and catch it with it, to shoot into the blanket, as he does in the movement In a really funny scene, the ceiling plaster falls over the party guests and scurry away screeching away. It just would not happen. The film has left the incredibly detailed reality of the novel in the dust. Wolfe's sensitivity, the work he has put into capturing the real, has been lost. What we get instead is a loud, fantastic and stupid scene that does nothing but awaken the audience. There are similar empty scenes screaming for Wolfe. <br /> <br /> The film also fails because it puts a lot of sin and salvation into a fun story of moral nihilism. Here we see "Don Juan in Hell" at the opera. We receive lectures on the salvation of a poet with AIDs. We see much guilt in Sherman. A black judge who preaches from the bank and gives one of those closing speeches about how we all have to behave well again. A reporter who regrets Sherman after turning him into a sacrificial lamb. And a happy ending where Sherman can break the law with an idiot grin. The scene sits in the movie like a fool's cap on the head of a circus elephant. <br /> <br /> The film not only makes points that are already banal and unoriginal, it exaggerates them as if the audience could not pick up any subtleties. <br /> <br /> It's not the acting or the direction that is bad. The movie is not bad in this regard. And the photography is pretty good too, including two pretty spectacular shots - the gargoyles of the Chrysler Building and the Concorde Landing. The script is thoroughly messed up. <br /> <br /> The first half of the film is about reasonable in conception and execution. It contains some of the little details from the novel. Sherman and Judy's dog is called Marshall. Who the hell would call a dog Marshall? In the second half, it almost completely loses focus and is barely worth seeing. Wolfe's cynical redneck rightwing may be offensive to many people, but he has read the kojones who want to lay him down. Unfortunately, the writers and producers did not have the courage to pick them up and take the chance of a fascinating New Yorker study.
