"The Bat People" is a proud resident of IMDb Bottom 100. Every now and then, the movie suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new films starring Paris Hilton or documentaries about American idol stars returns earlier or later always reliable back. And why? Because unlike the majority of the crap on this list, "The Bat People" is a legitimate bad movie that deserves to be independent of media influences or internet buzz! This is not the worst movie ever made, as the basic concept definitely has some charm and ingenuity, but it is still incredibly difficult to get through it all. The script is unbelievably boring, with absolutely unnecessary filler and gigantic gaps in continuity, and yet the main characters in the entire film are still completely strangers. Apart from a reasonable script, the film also missing spectacular killer sequences and make-up effects. although courtesy of a young Stan Winston? are ridiculously incompetent and remain largely invisible until the end of the film. The title of the film is inaccurate, since "people" refers to a number in the plural, while the story is actually only about a Bat person. Much more than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman plays in this movie and he also has a real Bat Cave and a Bat Mobile (a stolen ambulance)! The plot introduces a young couple exploring caves on a honeymoon weekend. They go away from a guided tour group and he is bitten by a bat as he tries to protect his wife from the animal's malicious attack. Concerned that he may be infected with rabies, he is receiving intensive treatment at the local hospital. However, this does not prevent him from slowly turning into a bloodthirsty bat creature. At night, he kills arbitrary people and plays around with the suspected police sergeant, while his loving wife is still convinced that the awkward behavior is solely due to allergic reactions to the rabies treatment. Sure, sweetie! The script never explains why a bat would attack humans, and why, at the beginning of a new day, John always turns into a normal person rather than gradually turning into a permanent state of Batguano. Basically, "The Bat People" is a variation of the good old werewolf theme, but obviously not very interesting. The concept showed a lot of potential, but somehow the negotiations focused on tiny drunks and perverted sheriffs instead of terrible monsters. Some of the filming locations and outdoor shots look impressive, the miserable song played during the credits is strangely catchy, during the climax (finally!) There's a lot of gore, and lead actress Marianne McAndrew is thrilled, if not listening too) , The current list of this really bad and boring movie in the bottom 100 is number 80, and I hope it sticks somewhere in that region. Without "The Bat People", the list would not feel simple and traditional.
