Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II starts at Hamilton High School Prom in 1957, where Mary Lou Maloney cheats on her date Bill Northham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill finds out and is devastated, while Mary Lou is announced in 1957 as Ball Queen and goes on stage to receive their award. Bill, who still hurts, decides to make a joke on Mary Lou, so he throws a firecracker on the stage, but the still-burning fuse intercepts Mary Lou's dress, which sets him and her on fire, within seconds Mary Lou is toast. Thirty years later, Hamilton High will hold its annual prom night soon. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now the headmaster and has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Louis), who is with Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and both plan to go to prom together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, this terrible night 30 years ago is still haunting both Bill and Bud. One day, Vicki looks around the basement of the school when she discovers a large suitcase that she opens. This turns out to be a bad move as the vengeful spirit is released by Mary Lou and intends to claim her crown as the final queen. Leisure seeks to avenge her untimely death. First, Jess Browning (Beth Gondek), whose death is due to a suicide. Mary Lou begins to occupy Vicki's body as the night of the final ball approaches. After eliminating some competition with Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes) trying to fix the prom, she wins. Mary Lou in Vicki's body is crowned the Hamilton High Prom Queen, allowing Mary Lou herself to return from the dead to make an unexpected appearance and truly invigorate the party ... <br /> <br /> With absolutely no connection to the original Prom Night (1980) & Director Bruce Pittman I thought Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a very good movie. Ron Oliver's script focuses more on supernatural elements than on cheap teen slasher themes. Whether this was a good or a bad decision probably depends on your expectations. Personally, I found that these different elements do not work together so well. The whole movie was far too slow to be really fun, after the opening sequence in which Mary Lou dies, no one else is killed half an hour ago. Then the movie dies for half an hour, until Vicki is finally obsessed, and the film finally buzzes for the climax of the climax when a wicked Mary Lou kills an entire person at the prom before she is supposedly defeated. Horror movie fans expect the cliché killer is not dead and ready for a sequel, right? ? Do not expect a high body count, only five throughout the movie, and none particularly graphically, though I tried to hide the way Monica (Beverley Hendry and Beverly Hendry) hid in a shower room that crushed Mary Lou, resulting in one Bad Monica led blood trickles out. The supernatural side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is portrayed by Vicki, who had many hallucinations in the first hour and controlled Mary Lou objects during the final stages, including some scary shots of a rocking horse brought to life, the dinner scene is pretty good, just as it turns into water & zombie hands pull Vicki in. The slasher side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is not terrific, I liked Mary Lou herself when she broke the obligatory one-liners and made her a good villain, even if she could not kill enough people. Oh, and yes, I got the running tributes to various other horror film directors, with almost all characters sharing the last name with a name. This obviously does not add anything to the movie, but it's a nice little touch, I think. Acting is alright, but the normally reliable Micheal Ironside looks lost and uninterested, almost as if he's wondering what he's doing with it and whether he's ever going to work again. Forget about Gore, someone is hanged, there's a knife stab with a crucifix that happens in front of the screen, someone is spiked with neon light, a computer goes insane and makes someone's face (!?) & Mary Lou storms out of Vicki's body First as a rotting zombie, which was a pretty cool scene. There are also some frontal nudity shots in the girl shower, if that's your thing. Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is fine, has reasonable production values ​​and is generally well done. Overall, I was disappointed with Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II. It was just too slow and ultimately uneventful to sustain my interest for almost 100 minutes. I'm not sure if it deserves a 3 or 4 star rating, I'll give it a 4 because nothing is specifically wrong. I played much worse movies, but it just did not do anything I'm scared.
