Living in a cave John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brody), a truly disturbed, cannibalistic psychopath, steals campers making the unfortunate mistake of wandering in his wilderness. Steve (Dean Russell) and his buddy Charlie (John Batis) and their wives Sharon (Tomar Barrett, Gary Kent's late wife) and Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) get into a playful argument about surviving in the forest camp themselves. Um To prove a point, the girls opt for a camping trip into the wilds of Los Angeles that bothers their partners so much that they soon follow. John drops prey and is soon killed when Sharon runs for her life when the men are late for the overheating of their truck. Fearful, tired and paranoid, Sharon gets a very unusual help. John's ghost kids! That's right, John's children remain in the wild, ghostly apparitions that spy on the foresters, love Sharon, and bring her to safety and lead her to her friends. In the meantime, Steve and Charlie find shelter in the cave where John lives in front of a deep stream and the darkness of the night. By burning fire, the meat is actually cooking by Charlie's wife Teddi! Unknowingly, Charlie eats meat when John offers him, who finds the outsiders in his apartment. Anyway, Steve and Charlie, who were worried about their wives, made a morning break. In the meantime, John goes hunting. Charlie, Steve and Sharon are fighting for survival. When Steve suffers a compound rupture that stumbles between two massive rocks above a flowing river, he is hampered by only reinforcing such a nightmare scenario, with Sharon following her ghostly young friends in potential safety to avoid killing them. Unfortunately, Charlie does not have such friends. <br /> <br /> Director Donald Jones (who also wrote the film and broke the movie) shoots the film in such a stunning, beautiful location in Sequoia National Park, California, where these gigantic trees rise to great heights, and I essentially look backwoodsmen for this purpose. For some weird reason, I did not find Jones's sense of attitude particularly atmospheric. The fear was lacking, though there were some rather disquieting attacks from John using his knife suggesting more than what is actually on the canvas, and yet it still somehow still manages to gasp for air (which John does to the victims ). In such a picturesque landscape, when innocents are deprived of a madman, this increases the terror. Townspeople are trying to spend some nice days in another place, to smell the clean, fresh air, to enjoy the view of the beautiful view and to be followed by a scary predator with a very intimidating knife. Jones gives us the backstory of why John is the monster he is and lets us see how he discovers his wife's adultery and reacts accordingly for being "naughty") killing both her and the lover in bed (.. a refrigerator mechanic). The children, who were sad and depressed, committed suicide and now "hunt" the wild, still interacting with their father or whoever they choose. I realize that such novelty as ghost kids in a hillbilly is unique and appreciated by some, but I found the idea rather hokey and too stupid to take it seriously. They help our heroine escape from some potentially dangerous situations, but it was hard not to giggle uncontrollably. The music I found awful, 80's and the performances are not mind-blowing. I mean, I could react to the situation they were in, because it is indeed very scary to be in an unknown and hostile area hunted by someone who knows the area so well. I think the movie is in many ways similar to DO NOT WANT ... ONLY! Except that THE FOREST has the above-mentioned ghost kids (their voices echoed when they talk to Sharon, her father, or them). Gary Kent looks like a dirty George Lucas, with ragged clothes and lost humanity. As I mentioned earlier, the violence is not as cruel as suggested, because the director Jones is able to effectively stop the intrusion of knives, but the way he staged the set pieces leaves you rather restless (such as Teddi's assassination, the violence mostly on the surface of a nearby huge rock formation, her requests to stop John, and once stabbed several times, trying to crawl off her predator just to cope; a hanging corpse that skims John ... I've seen better and worse of this kind of Slasher movie, which is mediocre at best, with an effectively shot backdrop, I do not think it's particularly memorable, except for the ghost kids.
