I mean, all those dark, overlooked, low-budget horror movies waiting to be rediscovered in a DVD release. Why choose THE FOREST? I love ultra-light budgets that go straight to home videos or other alternative horror releases. I love hacker horror of the 80s. I love backwoodsmen with fools who wander into the night to be persecuted, murdered and eaten by psychopaths. I totally support the idea that non-professionals are working on a horror movie, maybe breaking into the industry or just shooting a movie because they want to do one. I am for the use of found public places, non-actors, no name-talents behind the camera and in the studio. NO PROBLEM! The most impressive image of THE FOREST is the opening shot of a couple walking in the distance through a forest into the forest: we see them as tiny, vulnerable creatures entering a dark, sombre world in which humans may not be able to Top of the food chain is the most feared predator. Then the movie turns up & never recovers - we meet briefly with the backpacker couple as they realize they are being persecuted. They are separated, both are slaughtered and then we meet the protagonists of the movie while driving their car in traffic jams. They meet with their respective colleagues and decide on a camping trip. Snoring sounds fill the room, while the people who came over to watch a movie on their cell phones are busy with the text messages. People who do not know how much the movie is shit. <br /> <br /> This movie is too slow, this movie is too slow to be boring, and this movie is too talkative. Which would not be so bad if the authors had given people anything other than the dumbest, careless, and unnecessary things. You know that your horror film is in trouble when the character is with the most interesting lines of Parklanger warning of a Cannabal forest. And speaking of these "forests", they see as far away from civilization as the overgrown building land behind the football fields, only with larger rocks and a stream flowing through them. There are impressive pictures of the jungle, but no real feeling of being in the middle of the forest. If one of the characters just set off on track and waited long enough, someone would pass by. <br /> <br /> The worst thing about the movie is that it does not arouse any human interest: I do not know who these couples are and no matter what happens to them. The hermit cannibal butcher is uninteresting, even when he pretends to see freshly cooked meat on the leg of one of his victims, to serve cruel bites to his friend, who happens to be taking refuge in his cave. The irony of it is the epitome of "oppression." Paired with a deliberately threatening synthesizer music score, the cinematography looks suspicious, as if someone had strapped a camera to a dog, and it follows the movements of people, a lack of strange blood, nudity, lurid thrill and unwholesome atmosphere is not even as scary as a PBS educational TV show about how magnets work. <br /> <br /> I do not mean to say anything to the people behind this film, as they obviously went into the project. With virtually nothing, she did not push herself creatively and ended up with another boring movie about one Made, the women with a knife chased through the forest. There is nothing wrong with this concept, which is wrong, the unimaginative and absolutely pedestrian way in which this was done, to the pointless conclusion when the movie just passes at about 80 minutes. The best thing you can say about THE FOREST is that it is over relatively quickly and a repeat is not much required - hence my confusion about why anyone would feel the need for a DVD release. It was fine when a Prism video rental years was strange, as DVD will cost $ 5.99 within a month if it's on the shelves. There is little or no urgency to watch the movie unless you are considering building your own ultra-low-backwoods hacker in a public park where no one can charge for filming. Here is a guide with steps that should be avoided. <br /> <br /> With all that was said and done, the film had an interesting sequence, or rather a sequence that was so pathetically and inappropriately thought through that it becomes a mystery in an otherwise cut and dried movie The madman comes home to find his wife in bed at the local contractor. He sends his lover himself with a kitchen knife that looks like it was just made for a horror movie, and sets off for the intruder. The guy rushes in and attacks his quarry, which goes away and runs away, only to materialize the psycho in his footsteps with a larger, worse weapon. The psycho attacks again and the guy comes away. The psycho materializes again, and again the guy comes away. Then again! Finally, on the fifth try, the psycho tries the guy, so that he falls on a kind of blade apparatus. How was it that he was armed with bigger, worse weapons like this one? Is there a supernatural element in this psycho? Since the film never makes it clear how the scene is just a puzzle, it is staged to build tension. Their purpose remains unclear. The whole movie is really that way, without the need to be so clumsy and uninteresting and executed that one has to wonder what the movie's meaning was. <br /> <br /> 3/10 And there is much evidence that a movie can be released on DVD. However, this does not mean that you should necessarily do so.
