The title of this obscure and (almost forgotten) Slasher of the 80s inevitably reminds me of The Cure's Mega Smash Monster Hit song with the same title, hence a piece of lyrics in the title section of this user commentary. I had nothing else to say, which was useful anyway. But hey, "The Forest" is not completely hopeless and not so bad. Unless otherwise, it obeys at least the - albeit unwritten - first rule of the 80s Slasher: Kill someone within the first 10 minutes of the season. Surely you have heard about the basic requirement of this movie a dozen times, but do not let that stop you, because "The Forest" has much more to offer than just a scary cover art. It's actually a bit of an atypical 80s Slasher! The main characters are not ordinary mindless teenagers, and the script has solid ambitions toward the supernatural. The concept is not always successful, let alone plausible, but it's more than interesting enough to keep your attention, and there are even some surprisingly strong moments of excitement and twists that you can enjoy. Two married couples choose to camp in the most remote forests in California, but due to a stupid bet, women travel separately from their husbands. Hardly prepared for the night, they receive scary visits from a mother who is looking for her two children, the children themselves and finally the father, who is in search of human flesh. The denied family may be real or conceited, but the women are definitely in danger, and when their husbands arrive, they are already gone. The men also meet the family and learn more about the background of mild dysfunction. "The Forest" is a funny and unusual movie, to say the least. It's not exactly a masterpiece of plotting, but the thoroughly foreign atmosphere will certainly appeal to open-minded fans of the '80s horror. The killings are pretty cruel and are filmed, including a slit neck and a painful sawmill, and the locations are breathtakingly beautiful. The more you think about the story and its abrupt phrases, the less it makes sense. Therefore, I would only advise to enjoy this strange viewing experience as long as it lasts and not a minute longer. The performance is slightly above average, the music is okay and at least director Donald Jones (also responsible for the 1970s schoolgirls in Chains exploitation disease) was trying to be more creative than the majority of the 80s horror movies. Too bad that it eventually fails.
