Painfully bad Christmas movie that shows an equally painfully poor performance by Vince Vaughn who pays for himself to his usual comrades, but this time for a children's film, but without the wit or charm he has in his R-films. Vaughn seems to be on autopilot, though he has most of the film, and he keeps running into walls with his lackluster performance. After 30 minutes of the movie, you would bring your inner scourge into contact and tell "Bahumbag" how little fun this movie has, and after another 30 minutes, you want to find out how unbearable the movie has become in that moment. Of all the actors involved in this mess, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring their perspective on paper thin rolls, and that's manly, because they're both too good actors to be in that movie. Paul Giamatti adds some depth and warmth to the character of Saint Nick himself. However, he is forced to Vaughn's youthful behavior when they start their sad sibling battles. You can see in Giamatti's face that he has no fun with his role, and it shows painfully in certain parts of the film. Rachel Weisz brings a sense of fun and spirit into her role, but she really does not have much character with whom to work, and you can see in her face that she is aware of it, so much so that she is in certain parts The movie is confused. Fortunately for her, she does not have much in the film and can save a face, unlike Giamatti, who looks like he's firing his agent at the end of the movie. The direction also feels uninspiring, as if there were no feelings or currents, and this is a supposedly holiday movie, but it feels like you're just staring at a fancy widow's ad being demolished. <BR /> <br /> I do not know what went wrong here, but with only two actors (Giamatti and Weisz) doing their best to at least bring something to the table with a disgraceful script that she uses working, spotty with no feeling for the subject (and this is a Christmas movie of all things) and an actor who just does not care about his performance (Vaughn), has a very unevenly bad movie that is very painful to watch.
