Summary: Something mysterious Dense transmitting radio signals is being discovered in the ice of the Antarctic. The mysterious block is being dug up and taken to a research station in the Antarctic. Julian Rome, a former SETI worker, is called in to decrypt the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is an old friend of his, and the situation quickly becomes uncomfortable, especially as the other researchers practically throw themselves at him. And the block of ice with the thing inside melts unnaturally fast. Soon the object is outdoors. However, the mystery continues because the object generates a lot of power. It is decided to open the object, but shortly before that is done, Julian decodes the signal. "Do not open". But too late, and the object explodes when it is finally broken, and two things were released on Earth. The first is an alien dormant in the object, and the other is a virus that kills research personnel immediately. And Washington, who has been suspiciously informed of this historic event, decides that these things can not be unleashed on Earth. So a Russian nuclear submarine with nuclear weapons is sent to the Antarctic. <br /> <br /> Comments: The movie has some surprises in store. One is Carl Lewis, who surprisingly performs well, and the other is that the special effects are nice, well done, and much better than expected. Unfortunately, the story holds many surprises, and not in a good way this time. In fact, it's so full of storylines that the films sometimes seem to consist of almost randomly connected scenes. It's never really explained why Washington knows so much why Washington controls Russian submarines, why the object is in Antarctica and is now awake. It's really puzzling that the alien pod sends in understandable English. Some might want to explain this by saying that the alien was previously on Earth and spoke the language (and obviously chose English, why?). But then it's very confusing why the cute aliens who seem to want to save Earth from the virus send their "Do not open" message encrypted! And finally, the end is as open as an end can be. <br /> <br /> The movie is a little entertaining, but too much energy (from me) needs to be redirected to fill in the gaps in the storyline. Therefore, the overall impression of the film is not too good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
