Five Across the Eyes begins when five teenage girls drive home for curfew on time. They make a stopover at a store and accidentally toast another car. You decide to start driving. Soon after the other car forces her to stop, a crazy woman gets out with a shotgun and yells at her, forcing her to take off her clothes, pimp her and then drive off by accident. Shaken and shocked, the girls believe their agony is over, but the crazy woman comes back for seconds as she seems to kill the terrified girls who have been lost and running out of gas ... <br /> <br / > Produced and Directed by Greg Swinson & Ryan Theissen with Swinson Ding & Theissen Responsible for Cinematography & Editing I have to say that Five Across the Eyes is one of the worst films I've ever seen, if not the worst. I mean, I'm having trouble thinking about a movie I've seen that is worse. Let me begin by saying that I am sure that many of the choices made here have deliberately been made to create and provoke atmosphere, tension, realism, and tension, but there is no aspect of Five Across the Eyes I hate it, to be honest, it looks like a bad home video that was shown on YouTube and even then it is still a little embarrassing & an honest worthless waste of 90 odd minutes of my time I could make entertaining and funnier pull out my fingernails with pliers. The reviews on the web seem pretty positive, but on the IMDb (the number of 1-star comments is enlightening and they can not all be wrong, right?) And the message board, which I think is more of a Indicator of the average is The person thinks that it is absolutely destroyed by almost everyone. The phrase "the worst movie I've ever seen" is used a couple of times. To be honest, most of these negative comments mention the same things and I have to agree with them. The story is awful, alright, I suppose it's supposed to be minimalist, but so minimal? There is never a reason or an explanation for the events that happen, and it feels absolutely random. It takes forever, the amount of action here would be hard to fill a 30-minute time that was created for a television program that was played along a whole feature. The dialogue is terrible with those annoying girls who seemingly have no brain cells between them and deal with random stuff and scream a lot. Oh God, the screaming, there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or whining, which not only irritates and bothers the viewer and prevents any viewer from feeling any kind of sympathy for them. Then there's the right killer, the whole movie is shot and filmed in a mini-van. The camera never leaves the car. If you can imagine that it gets really boring, add that the low number of people is killed in one person only screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie I hated passionately. <br /> <br /> On a technical level, I can see again that the film style was a conscious choice, but I have to be honest again and say Five Across the Eyes is the worst-looking movie I've ever seen , As a film fan, I like the fact that my films look like normal films because they are a visual medium. I do not want them to look worse than the average YouTube video or my own movies I shot with a camcorder while I was drunk. It really looks so amateurish & so bad, it's a total stain & I hated it every moment of every second. Just think that the Blair Witch Project (1999) only looks ten times worse and sounds & you'll almost be there. With Five Across the Eyes, you may not be able to say what's up or running due to camera tracking and the almost black and grainy contrast. The violence is also tame with a few splashes of blood and a stitch in the end. <br /> <br /> Low budget does not begin to describe Five Across the Eyes, with an estimated budget of around $ 4,000, this is easily one of the lowest budget films ever released. The two vans were owned by production members and that's pretty much the entire budget right there, the locations. Acting is pretty bad of the main characters, I just hated all those fake wines and screams that did not convince, but were immensely irritating. <br /> <br /> Five Across the Eyes will be one of the worst movies I've ever seen & I've seen a few movies whenever someone asks for the worst movie I've ever seen Definitely mentioned Five Across the Eyes. I hated it, every single aspect and the miserable moment of it.
