- Includes miner spoiler - <br /> <br /> I've seen a number of decent indie horror films like The Hamiltons, The Boys Love, Mandy Lane and Cabin Fever. Unfortunately, I felt that Five Across the Eyes did not fall into this category. From beginning to end, the film is dominated by amateur plays that resonate with a very bad script. God only knows why the author or the writers have dialogues like "No, do not go out, she: If she gets you, she'll kill you, and if she kills you, you're dead." Is movie quality. <br /> <br /> This movie shows very little character development and honestly I can not care less about the pain and the torture inflicted on them as it's just a group of stupid college girls, which show almost no redeeming qualities. Everything they do is cry and whistle throughout the movie, and when the girls do not cry, they do not quarrel. When they talk, the topics are completely random: about dating boys or the recently burned mother of a girl (appropriate topics if you are being followed by a psychotic killer). <br /> <br /> The soundtrack is also so Abysmal presented crass techno music both at the beginning and the end (though listening to the credit music seemed close to the end, the sky seemed to be out). <br /> <br /> The camera work is awful and sometimes makes the movie unsurpassable. I estimate that due to the low or no budget, the director was limited to a single digital camera, which is almost the entire movie in the girl's car. I think this was an effort to get the audience as close as possible to the action: to feel and experience what the girls are going through right now. However, with a very shaky camera, a grainy image, and proximity to the action, it can be hard to tell what's going on in action scenes, and it's just chaotic. It is one thing to make a film subjective, but it is another to have an action on the screen that an audience can not decipher due to poor cinematography. I understand that Five Across the Eyes is a low budget movie movie but does not apologize for the extremely poor quality. There are no redeeming factors for this movie: bad drama, bad scripting, bad camerawork and no story. With all this I decided to give the movie 1 out of 10, because he was very disappointing. I wanted a meteor to hit the earth, which gives me sweet relief. It's 94 minutes stupid of college girls crying, arguing, running aimlessly and conducting random inappropriate conversations. How many times, however, do you see girls walking into their hands throwing the trash on the windshield of a chasing car?
