I am amazed. Yes that's right. I'm really caught here. I did not find it terrible, but on the other hand it was a frustrating experience in macabre hysterical and gloomy incoherencies. The idea behind such a modest, minimal low-budget indie production is not bad, but it's a confused mess and in the end has done nothing for me. It's amateurish and easy; it wants to exploit beyond logical thinking and in a fashionably fast film style. We have the documentation camera (handheld camera) that moves everywhere (though the van will never leave), and sometimes we feel blurry and blurry, making certain details hard to see. Somehow you get used to it lately, but sometimes it gets too distracting and even disgusting. Keeping it will help. The context has little preliminary work (five young girls are on their way home from a football game late at night and lose themselves on the side streets.) In a streetside shop they are involved in a minor accident that destroys an unoccupied SUV headlamp scared, fleeing and not too long that a light SUV will emerge behind them soon turning your night into an unforgettable terror of fright. <br /> <br /> As annoying? I think that depends on it it may be that you are dealing with pain, desperation and brutal brutality (with good use of pervasive sound effects that seem preferable to the images and not the alienating background sounds), but also I chuckled. In the passages it can be daunting and intense with a real gradual onslaught but hardly believable.The injuries of random characters never seem so serious as you should believe, though they should be obvious. Watch the blood flow freely, but it is not very convincing and can become dull. The constant nocturnal chase could only do so much before it repeated itself. We get screaming, spitting, bleeding, running, cursing, body fluids and so on. It was followed by rather unpleasant details. With little to do, it needed a much stronger screenplay than the laboriously enforced one that was written. The result was too many frightening moments, and the characters and the situation they were in did not have much depth. It was about set pieces, waiting for the next agonizing encounter, and it pulled it out long enough. Helping out is an unpredictable pattern. <br /> <br /> The performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch, and Mia Yi are laborious with their bewildered characters, drawing an authentic chemistry to offset the script's weaknesses in its character base. Veronica Garcia's freaky, enigmatic intensity as a crazy SUV driver was something? yes something. The actual motivation of her character to terrorize the girls and their unstable state of mind are virtually nonexistent. I think being psychotic was good enough. The most disturbing thing I encountered in this role was probably this horrible soundtrack. Terrible techno music, cheesy hard rock and a revised final note. It never felt exaggerated or annoying in the way, but it stuck out like a painful thumb. Co-directors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen are trying to make the most of their limited resources, but despite their pronounced mind, it's a bit of a mess in the end. Maybe it was nice to do, but it just was not.
