If you're watching TRUTH ABOUT LOVE (is this a double thing about the star?), It's like putting in white noises or making water sounds to ease your sleep. You put it in the DVD slot, because otherwise nothing is left in the store shelves distraction after a hectic day. And that works for this purpose: as a British romantic comedy, it's a bit more. <br /> <br /> The story is a rather simple story about a wife Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt), who is married to an increasingly distant husband Sam (Jimi Mistry), who has put his love life on hold due to his stressful law practice , His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) loves Sam and Alice, but has a long-standing magnet for Alice that goes beyond friendship. Alice is friends with her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), a freelance lawyer who encourages Alice to do business. On Valentine's Day, after drinking alcohol, Alice sends her sister a card to Sam, who has signed "Anonymous" to see if Sam answers and tests his allegiance. At the same time, Archie sends Alice a radish seed package to which he has not written a suggestive love. Both regret this later. Sam actually spends time with a lover Katya (Branka Katic) and actually cheats on Alice. Alice arranges assignments with Sam via e-mail and phone calls, and plans to meet Sam dressed up as "Anonymous" to test his loyalty. The entire cast of characters gets into the stupid charade, and the end proves that real love must be based on the truth - and how this results in the various pairings is the surprise of the fluffy script. British comedies work on the quality writing and the narrow quality of acting. Perhaps director John Hay had decided to cast a British actress as Alice instead of adding a false accent to Jennifer Love Hewitt. The result could have been improved. But in the end, this story of Peter Bloore jumps between slightly humorous and pathetic in their messages. A terrible distraction is a music that is constantly so loud that it covers all dialogues and is obtrusive. There are some beautiful scenes of London and a few moments of passable humor, but in the end this little movie is really used as background music / white noise. Grady harp
