The story looks something like this: A small-town girl, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. When she arrives, she discovers that he is not as faithful as he should be. Katie finally ventures into the adventure of New York. As bike messenger completes funny and charming mishaps, follows. She falls into a hole in the ground and meets the charismatic Good Ben (Luke Wilson). It's not love at first sight, at least for them, but fate and Ben will not give up easily. Since she is "just" a girl of small towns AND blonde, some evil executives in a construction company decide that she is the perfect scapegoat for her crafty plan. This is followed by misunderstandings with funny and sad consequences. However, this is a blonde who can not lie down! <br /> <br /> Anyone judging this movie will soon turn out to be wrong. The jokes are confident and fit, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben feels so natural that everything that Godard has created becomes embarrassed. The multi-talented Jessica Simpson again surprises with a strong role that only she could create. Simpson is really the Marilyn Monroe of our time (there is even a scene where she is honored!). She balances perfectly between vulnerable and moody. Katie really shows us that you can not judge a book by its cover! Luke Wilson is as charming as ever. Even if he was covered in dung, this man would be as attractive as anybody else. His light touch, doggy eyes and relaxed manner make it hard to resist. Andy Dick plays the role he was born for, one of the two diabolical leaders. He really can not be underestimated. The strength of the performance lies in its restraint. This is remarkable because most actors just run away and play it for cheap laughs. Not this guy! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, director Scott Marshall has created a smart and often witty comedy to become a classic alongside the masterpieces of cinema like Epic Movie and Norbit. Kudos to everyone involved, especially Jessica Simpson. Her sincere smile and hearty laugh made even the toughest man break out with a big grin. They may be tough, but they are not that hard! Warmly recommended to anyone who wants to sweep off their feet and see a romantic comedy that, for once, feels honest. Thanks for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack rocks! <br /> <br /> Well, if you have not got it yet. I am sarcastic. 1.10
