It is common for a movie to be somewhat muted about repression in style and tone. However, there is a difference between the use of restraint and the encouragement of narcolepsy in the onlookers. In "The Secret Life of Dentists" with Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close as possible to the vest. The result is a movie that never means much more than a rumination on how teeth are a metaphor for marriage life. <br /> <br /> Scott performs well in the role of David Hurst, a dentist who is married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly sets the dynamics of their relationship - he is completely involved in the daily routine of his parenting, she is quietly disillusioned with her desperate family life - and then relaxes when Scott witnesses or not his wife with another man. From then on, the film focuses on whether David will confront his wife Dana for her possible adultery or not, or whether she will beat him to death and leave for good. From time to time, David is treated to visits by an imaginary "friend" in the form of a former patient played by Denis Leary (heavily adopted by Brad Pitts Tyler Durden in the Fight Club). <br /> <br /> While there is enough uncertainty about Dania's unfaithfulness and David's instability to justify an investigation, the last two-thirds of the film are embarrassingly blank of topics or narrations. Instead, Rudolph creates drama from a nasty fever, which slowly moves through the Hurst family and culminates in the culmination of the film to a pointless hospital visit. The film never picks up on hints about what David really can do if he's not so devoted to his family. She also does not spend much time dealing with Dana's precarious balancing act between her family life and her other, more fulfilling ambitions. By deciding to spend the bulk of the film worrying about a crooked fever, Rudolph kills the momentum of his movie. When the fifth member of the family appears sweating and ailing, the film has used up all the good graces of Scott's well-dosed performance. David and Dana take their steps over and over again, to a less than cathartic finale. Since nothing has been built up in the last hour, the conclusion seems cumbersome and patchy. "The secret life of dentists" has a common theme and does not improve it. All in all a disappointing, uninspired movie.
