Yes, I know - you are trembling with excitement. Well, * the secret life of dentists * will not upset your expectations: it's solid, but essentially unimaginative, truthful, but boring. It is the story of a married couple who happens to be dentists and who has the same practice (already a hassle for annoyance: if it were not for our separate working lives, we would all give up on spouses out of sheer irritation). , Campbell Scott, whose mustache and demeanor are less reminiscent of Everyman than * The Simpsons * Ned Flanders, is the meek, overbearing husband, and Hope Davis is the bored housewife who directs her frustration into the amateur opera. One night, when Dad and the daughters attend one of Davis's performances, he discovers that his wife does not just sing her frustration: he witnesses his wife kissing and flirting with the opera director. (A nice touch: we never see the face of the opera director.) Fearing the possibility of instituting separation, divorce and custody proceedings - profitable only to the lawyers - Scott chooses to ignore his wife's indiscretions. > <br /> The educated literati are already yawning: ho-hum, another story about the Pathetic, Sniveling Little Cuckold. However, Rudolph, who has borrowed the story from a Jane Smiley novella, hopes that the worn-out material will be offset by a series of eye-catching post-modern touches. For example, one of the warlike patients of Scott (Denis Leary, who was relatively - and blessed - kept in check) later becomes a kind of construction of the imagination of the dentist who establishes himself as defender of the devil on the shoulder of the old man. trained male virtues ("Dump the b --- h!" etc.). When Scott is not annoyed by his imaginary new buddy, he is otherwise tormented by fantasies, including his wife, who is involved in a trilogy with two of the male dental assistants working in her practice. It's not too far to say that this movie * Eyes Wide Shut * is for real people (or at least adults). In this regard, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are quite recognizable human beings compared to the glamourpike pairs Cruise and Kidman. In addition, the script for * Secret Lives * is much more relevant than Kubrick's. As proof, I offer the presentation of the children of the dentists, especially the youngest, who is about 3 or 4 years old and whose main message is "Papa! Papa! Papa! Papa! Papa! Papa! Papa!" This is family life, alright, with all its charms. <br /> <br /> The movie would also compare with * Kramer Vs. Kramer * issue an interesting double bill. One can easily trace the feminization of the American man from 1979 to 2003. In this movie, Dad is the housewife as in * Kramer *, but he is in no way nervous about the domestic role, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who was too masculine toast. This is where Scott gets all the solemn duties, like wiping, cooking, cleaning, bringing the kids to the pointless activities outside of school. And all without complaint. (And without commentary, it's just a matter of course.) <br /> <br /> The movie has virtues that are mostly about probabilities. However, it is torn from its size because of its fashionable distractions that flow into a long scene in which a terrible five-day stomach flu makes the rounds in the household. We have to endure useless fantasy sequences initiated by imaginary leader Leary. By the way, whose existence ultimately reminds of the Brad Pitt character in the * Fight Club *. And this finally proves the film's other big mistake: lack of originality. In this post I realize that it was far too easy to refer to many other films. Granted, this movie is an improvement on most of them, but still. * The secret life of dentists * is worth seeing, but do not be too excited. (Not that you were so excited anyway, I think.)
