Apparently none of the previous reviewers, most of whom praise the film for accuracy, have actually read a biography of Louis Pasteur. The most blatant inaccuracy can be found in the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. In the 1930s, the latter was always shown a bad light. Although he was not an admirable character - he was a clumsy politician and a self-proclaimed "military genius" who had France involved in a devastating war, he was not the stupid reactionary depicted here. He had a keen interest in science and, like many nineteenth-century people, saw a bright future for the improvements it would bring. Apart from the banishment of Pasteur, he was his PATRON, built him a laboratory and provided him with all the resources he needed for his research. While the laboratory was under construction, Pasteur became seriously ill. A bureaucrat who decided it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who would soon be dead, ordered the work to be stopped on its own. The Emperor heard that his indignation was shaking up the bureaucracy so that it went fast and the Work was resumed immediately. The Emperor personally visited Pasteur to comfort him and assure him that he would get his lab. Members of his court admired Pasteur's projects, and it was obvious to everyone that Pasteur was one of the Emperor's favorites. Pasteur's greatest concern with regard to the Emperor was that Napoleon felt that Pasteur was virtually a miracle. The worker who could do almost anything and constantly assign tasks to him outside of his previous experience. The very modest Pasteur always protested, but Napoleon said he had complete confidence in him and Pasteur despite his misgivings. They always had a close and friendly relationship, and after the fall of the emperor Pasteur refused to say a bad word about him, grateful to the end of his life. The part about his daughter who has the baby, and Pasteur sacrificed his principles to get a doctor, has never happened false.He was famous and respected at the time this happened. This film is from a dramatic perspective okay, but as a biography very distorted.
