I saw Chan Is Missing when it first came out, about four years after moving from San Francisco to New York. Maybe it was the perspective of a few years, but this movie seemed to capture the essence of the city and its inhabitants better than anything else I've ever seen (still). It focuses on one particular community - the Chinese - but that's fine, because so much of the city soul is broken by the attitudes, the faces, and perhaps most of all the voices of the characters. <br /> <br /> This is not San Francisco's tourist. The attitudes are modest and commonplace: a taxi, the kitchen of a Chinese restaurant, row houses of the Richmond District, small Chinatown apartments and small business offices, the Pier, a Philippine center for the elderly. That's the way it looks and feels every day for the people who live there - even now, in the era of Silicon Gulch urban renewal. Unlike Dirty Harry (an excellent San Francisco movie in his own way), everything is filmed at the street level: we understand the viewpoints of the characters from the perspective their surroundings offer them, not from a dizzying picture shoot. <br /> <br /> Wang was apparently filmed in B & W because he did not have any money, but one of the film's strongest visuals is the natural light he achieves. The often austere, ubiquitous quality of sunlight is one of my closest connections to San Francisco: it seems to uncover everything by bringing the buildings, hills, and other landmarks into the balance, and funny- ly getting people to come past you The streets make you more individual and possibly closer to you than anywhere else. Wang's photography perfectly conveys this and even helps the story in some places. Wang captures the language and conversation style of Chinese and other San Francisco better than ever before, I think. If there is such a thing as a real San Francisco accent, then that's what you hear from the dull taxi medallion broker (I think) who seems to be talking on the phone in a scene (listen to how he calls the person on the other end.) ya dingaling! "). <br /> <br /> The story is poignant and, despite a few minor missteps, engenders the longing that attracts people in old immigrant communities - including legitimate political and ethnic resentment and little ironic pleasures that help them All this is communicated delicately - perhaps why some interviewees think the film is meandering - it is not enough to say that the search of the two taxi drivers for Chan becomes a search for something more personal. "Chan Is Missing ends with a Chinatown travelogue sequence accompanied by a stupid novelty song I think from the 1930s about San Francisco and its crazy diversity - an American caricature, yes, but not at all.
