Hayden Christianson and Jessica Alba, two of my least favored actors of this century, are teaming up in what may be the flattest attempt to reshape the already evil The Butterfly Effect. Awake is so boring and so uninteresting that you would sleep better. Terrance Howard is still recovering from the devilish August Rush as the sadistic doctor, who willfully kills Christianson, wages a decent fight. After seeing his performance, I like to support him. <br /> <br /> Alba, who is still recovering after Fantastic Four's rise of the silver surfer. Of course, catastrophic and just as unsurpassable as always. Only once was she ever truly brilliant, that was in the safe hands of Master Director Robert Rodriguez of Sin City. Could it be that Jessica Alba is not as bad an actress as most people concede to her, and it's possible that her acting skills are weighted down in a bad script. If so, then the awakening would explain. What about a script that would shame Plan 9's out of space. Jessica Alba, Hayden Christenson and Terrence Howard play a nerve-wracking psychological thriller about a man in first-time director / screenwriter Joby Harold Who experiences the frighteningly widespread surgical phenomenon known as "aesthetic awareness", where the people lying on the operating table are exactly are aware of what's going on around them, even though they are completely paralyzed and can not scream for help. When a successful young man (Christenson) gets under the knife and realizes that anesthesia has not quite done his job, the horror sets in quickly, while his worried wife (Alba) waits anxiously and runs into the operating room a terrible drama. <br /> <br /> In the hope of doing what Final Destination has done for operating tables for aircraft, this first effort by director Joby Harold revolves around a bloody frosting. The Pre-Credits sequence tells us that one in 700 people suffers from a phenomenon known as anesthesia awareness, in which the patient remains conscious during the operation but is paralyzed. One such unhappy person is Clayton Beresford Jr (Hayden Christensen), who feels wide awake during a heart transplant ... and he can feel every single slice. Intermittently inventive while investigating his torture psyche, Awake can not bring true terror into his novel premise. He is twisted from the terrible simplicity to the absurd conspiracy and obstructed by stilt twists of Christensen and Jessica Alba. You wish you had taken a sedative before you watch? <br /> <br /> VERDICT: Awake is at best very modest. A train without punches that certainly looked better on paper. As a film, it is terribly generic and extremely derivative. Awake fails to bring terror to his novel premise. The end result is really pretty bad. Alba and Christian are the least worried, as the film's main flaw is that it does not scare the audience. Awake is a movie you will probably sleep through.
