What an unfortunate mess is "Shiner". I wanted to like this exaggerated anti-movie aspirant and actually found a series of moments of powerful resonance. Unfortunately, these moments are very rare. While I valued some of what Calson was trying to do, any benefit you could do with bare bones, no budget cinematography was destroyed with truly gruesome edits that did not benefit the movie at all. <br /> <br /> Even though bad acting is in a low budget (and big budget) movie theater, Shiner has some remarkably bad performances that are almost painful to look at. Especially the "straight" couple Linda and Young Guy. These are the two worst written characters that offer almost nothing to the story. The spectacle is so abominable and none of the actors seems to be able to resist a grin or tearing as they drearily drop their lines with a terrible lack of skill. The choppy editing almost gives the impression that these roles were completely in vain, and they were recorded to avoid being cast as dwarf gay movies. As such it would have been better. <br /> <br /> With everything that goes wrong, there are several performances that seem to capture what Calson had hoped for. Especially the story about Bob and Tim. These are the two most drawn characters and offer the best rewards with truly captivating performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with serious problems. Remarkably low self-esteem is obscured by an almost cartoon-like arrogance that he wears like armor. Owned by Tim, the seemingly harmless and yet scary Bob, the boxer stalks in classic cat and mouse fashion. When the tables are turned and the hunter becomes hunted, this leads to the film's only true emotional catharsis. In a movie that is so artfully sharp-edged (that's a compliment), a character MUST have that revelation breakthrough (or collapse, as the case shows here), and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim will give Zelinas and King the opportunity, some to show real actors. <br /> <br /> As played by Scott Stepp and Derris Nile, Tony and Danny seem to be the focus of the film, and despite some bravado moments (including a really disturbing scene revealing the sex / violence obsession) but they do not seem to elude a comic-like artifice, and it's difficult to look at them - or beyond their seemingly monotonous symphony, to find anything other than the obvious. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, the same raw material could (and should) be used to better tell this story. Unfortunately, there is not much to recommend in this regard. The performances of Messrs. King and Zelinas offer something really special and an insight into what may have been seen and ultimately worth seeing.
