-SPOILES- Lame south of the Border Adventure movie, which has something to do with the blackmail of a large cooperating executive, Rosenlski, president of Unasco Inc., who stands on the beach lover David Ziegler, who lives the life of Reilly or Ziegler at his beach home in Cancun, Mexico. According to this CD he gave to his brother James, there are three years of telephone conversations between Rosenlski and the President of the United States involved in criminal business. This CD has given David an edge over the international gangsters who are after him. <br /> <br /> The fact that James gets a little greedy when he tries to tear Rosenlski down for 2 million diamonds not only cost him his life, but also put David at risk of losing him as well. Ropsenlski wants to negotiate with David about the CD by getting his ex-wife Liz to talk to him about giving up. Rosnelski has signed a deal to pay off her debts if she gets through. David is later killed by Rosenliski's Mexican batsman Tony with the help of a great white shark who just does not do all his boss's peaceful business. <br /> <br /> Tony had taken the CD that Liz had left for his boss in a local hotel safe, and now he wants to kill James, as he did to David, and at the same time keep the CD for something To have Rosenlski. David, who secretly hid the diamonds that James carried with him at the time of his murder, is now the target of Tony and his men to silence him forever. David also wants to take the diamonds and at the same time give his boss Rosenlski the impression that the CD that David had is lost but used later, without Rosenlski knowing who is behind it in order to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The movie "Night of the Sharks" contains a series of shark attacks with this huge one-eyed white shark, which eventually takes out about half a dozen of the actors, including Tony. David, who believes in gun control, uses knives with explosives and Molotov cocktails and his fists to kill the entire Tony crew. Even the killer shark is killed by Tony, but with a hunting knife, not a weapon. When it came to firing guns at his friend and buddy Paco, a friend Juanita and his priest, Father Mattia, from Tony live, and his gang guns were no with David. He was more of a knife and a spear than anything else. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie was as predictable as one can get with David, who was to be killed by the one-eyed shark, who later emerged from the crowd after Rosenlski was convinced he was dead the village. David lives his life as a free-living and loving beachcomber without anyone wanting to kill him and being about two million dollars richer. To David's merit, he had returned his CD to his friend Paco Rosenski, but on the condition that, if anything should happen to him, his cousin, who does not know who and where Rosenlski is, shoots his big mouth and lets the whole world know his dirty and criminal acts.
