Did it really happen that way? Are we as consensual adults responsible for the next generation of moviegoers who lack cinematic understanding and cellulite abilities? In terms of Wayans and Co.'s latest addition to the moving-picture scenario; Little man. This United Kingdom P.G. (Parental Guidance) Everyone under the age of twelve must be accompanied by a responsible adult who has certified the film. He is the epitome of what has now become a worse case of the fool, as cigarettes of images of movie icons were "thrown out the window" The 1950s. <br /> <br /> The predominantly under twelve-year-old audience, who sometimes sat obediently even without adult supervision and took everything without being involved with his theme and the sometimes adult facial features, the Little Man portrays, at least partially , Movies can generally do better than this poor attempt, while this nonsense tears them young and fresh. The biggest fear of the future of cinema is that the ignorance of a child turns into an adult bliss. The cinema deserves more than that, and it is constantly growing, and in the truest sense of the word, the public as well. This blatant cash cow feeds on the impressive minds of the teenagers. <br /> <br /> There is no cinematic experience Here is no open wonder, no reverent respect for the magic of the movies. There is nothing but confusion and contempt, for the lack of substance, originality and the possibility of the mind, less boredom and parody of everything that is finally wrong with the Hollywood machine, we have to endure our future for the sake of a quick dollar Cinema audience to the stars of this archetypal catastrophe film. <br /> <br /> Will this be the size of Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner in their graves? Money that they all liked, no doubt, but talent and exuberance for perfection and quality and a high degree of respect for their profession and audience had never been neglected. With the works of the Wayans clan we see yet another cliché of bad taste, while White Chicks (2004) was undoubtedly a blow to the bourgeoisie of American society. The irony is that the two leading protagonists who play the Wayans brothers again are so obscured that any recognition is not there, which also leads to a better movie, and that White's actor Terry Crews Chicks is his substance and personality, not the Wayans. <br /> <br /> Once again, with her pastiche of Blaxploitation films of the 70s, like the 1988 movie I'm Gonna Git You Sucka, this can be seen as funny and amusing movie with heavy weights like Isaac Hayes , Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and the great actress Ja'net Du Bois. The point is that Little Man has absolutely no personality, whatever, he is flat and narcissistic, without appreciation or value to his followers. He quickly dives in and takes your money and before we know it, it has hidden in it the gears of commercialization. There is no discernible effort where our money was spent after Scary Movie (2000), things could only have gone up, but unfortunately not, not much thought about the artistic value and undoubtedly the consequence of this intrepid movie The next movies of the Moguls should be direct be transferred to video, one can only hope. <br /> <br /> The Wayans seem to have created their own film genre, to some extent; They have killed the film parody, they have watered down every street and their inevitable style. They have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last one hundred years that cinema has given us. May the ghosts of past films be as modest in their judgment as their growing audience seems, for if the bubble bursts, they may be so understanding.
