[Contains spoilers !!!] <br /> <br /> Timon and Pumbaa are watching the Lion King. Timon decides to go back to the beginning until the story really starts. So they go back. Way back. Back before Simba was born. Back to Timon's old house, miles away from Pride Rock. A clan of meerkats dug into the ground to hide from hyenas. The worst digger in the clan was a pompous, self-centered meerkat named Timon. His mother felt sorry for him, but Uncle Max just shook his head. Mother proposed to oblige Timon to watch duty; Timon had dreams of a bigger and better place out there somewhere. At that moment, the hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai, and Ed came in and almost killed poor Uncle Max. It did. The other meerkats just wanted Timon to leave, while Timon took it upon himself to leave. So he kissed his mother goodbye and left. He was not far away before he got homesick. At that moment, he met Rafiki, who taught him to look over what he sees. Timon had no idea what that meant, so he moved on and met a warthog named Pumbaa, who was left alone because of a flatulence problem. Timon and Pumbaa then join in, but Timon explains that they are acquaintances and not friends. <br /> <br /> You will soon arrive at Pride Rock where all zebras, antelopes, wildebeests, rhinos, giraffes, elephants and many other animals have gathered. What happened? Timon did not care. They kept pushing. Timon saw Rafiki in the air on Pride Rock lifting what he could not see. At that moment, all the animals bowed. Was this the birth of the new king? No, Pumbaa had accelerated and the animals bent to cover her nose. Timon and Pumbaa are trying out a selection of new houses, but each one of them is unpleasant due to relentless songs or hyenas or a big swarm of wildebeest! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly find themselves downstream. When they reach the land, Timon decides to give up. Then they look around their newly discovered paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water fall as far as the eye can see. Timon named the place after a strange phrase he had learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa go bowling to Bussarden one afternoon when they suddenly meet Simba. They take him under their wing and become father figures. They teach him the arts of bug-eating and burping competitions. Pretty soon, a teen Simba Timon takes on a slug contest. Simba won and Timon was dying. Then one day Simba's childhood friend, Nala, arrived. Timon and Pumbaa knew only that they would dissolve the friendship. Suddenly Simba runs away. Nala and Pumbaa run after him, but not Timon. He decided to stay alone with "Hakuna Matata" until Rafiki "talked" to him a bit, so he joins Pride Rock with his friends. Timon's mother and Uncle Max arrive. While Simba struggles with Scar, Mother and Max dig a big hole to lock in the hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai, and Ed. It worked. Soon scar is hurled into the same hole where the hyenas eat it. Then it's alright. Mother, Uncle Max and the rest of the meerkats go with Timon and Pumbaa into the paradise Hakuna Matata. Back to the present, Timon and Pumbaa end the film when suddenly Mother, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki want to look at him again. The same goes for Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, The Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, The Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genius, Aladdin and Jasmine. I must say that The Lion King 1 1/2 not as good as I had hoped. It was too ridiculous and stupid. The original Lion King was a masterpiece. It had a serious story with a light comedy. This was just stupid and made a mockery of it. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa just play too much. They are dubbed so that they are no longer funny, just annoying. The original voice is back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick as Adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. New in cast are Julie Kavner from TVs (Too) of The Simpsons long series as Timon's mom and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. So this movie is not the Lion King III and he's not II because there's already an II , It takes place right after Part I and Part II is a long way off. Therefore it is 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend dying the tough Lion King fans because it's far too ridiculous and too frivolous. But the kids will love it, so I recommend it to them. I hope that this will be the last lion king. Two is enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". What we can expect from the Disney successors. <br /> <br /> -
