A director and his crew head to the isolated Beal Villa to shoot a horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that occurred there in the last century. Despite the warnings of the caretaker, the director does not pay attention to the allegedly cursed house. A crew finds a book titled Tibetan Book of the Dead and uses a few passages from it for their script. If they are red, they lift a ghoul out of the grave. Boring, confusing and cheesy, all rolled up in one, is equivalent to this penniless midnight horror production. What feels like an eternity just never seems to get going or to show something real from some decent ideas. Although director Paul Harrison's harsh and tense direction constructed sinister, atmospheric and atmospheric set pieces. But laziness has set it early. The entire film within a film structure occupies most of the film, and little or nothing of great interest happens during that time. It's not fun either. Think of Bob Clark's "Children should not play with dead things (1972)", and now we have older actors in the role. However, I found "Seven Corpses" inferior. The script has a lot of jokes early on, before it gets shabby and predictable and offers many unfulfilled possibilities. The cheap foundation with limited sets was also of no concern, but the bleak, dark appearance of the villa seemed scary. The achievements of a recognizable B-casts are mainly rigid. John Carradine mainly lurking around. John Ireland plays a hot-headed director, Faith Domergue's washed-up actress demands attention and Charles Macaulay brings it on. The slow grinding requirement is crossed between "Ten Little Indians" and your usual zombie setup. However, it is not so appealing, even if it is an occult and supernatural edge. Hell, they even throw graveyard actions without getting their way. When the rotting ghoul appears? but finally a bit late. It gets a little better, if very confusing. Just like the inspired opening, the end is delicious downbeat. Pity in between, it's always pulling. Continuity in many scenes is non-existent, and the death scenes are more exciting and bloody in the movie they are shooting (but in fact they are poorly executed). What happens to them when the zombie appears? The generic music score flutters on with its shuddering, but honest gothic clues, and the camera work is staged without imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. Job done. That's a pack.
