This is the kind of movie that really hurts to admit that it's really shit. Usually I sacred things like that! The Grindhouse films of the early 70s with delicious titles and a relaxed low-budget atmosphere, mostly rock. The "House of the Seven Corpses" seemed to have more trumps, as the performers are large veterans (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and the locations (the title house, the cemetery) are obviously very suitable for a grim horror story. The film begins with the absolutely biggest and most insistent sequences, which unfortunately are the only ones that qualify as such. The credits are a great montage, complete with freaky color effects and weird still images showing how the title house got its notorious reputation. The last seven owners were mysteriously murdered here and the final fixture assembly shows their last moments. Someone falls screaming down the balcony, a lady drowns in the bathtub, another woman hangs from the ceiling and four more macabre tableaus. Needless to say, the house is cursed, and the clumsiness of Mr. Price (Carradine) only strengthens this reputation. In other words, the house is the ideal location for renowned director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to shoot his satanic horror film project. It is the film-within-film structure that makes the "House of the Seven Corpses" so boring and uneventful. It's wasted a lot of footage for crewmembers who put film spools in the camera and dragged around cables or? even worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay portray terribly unbearable actor stereotypes. The plot eventually gets a little interesting (just a little, mind you) when one of the characters reads some lines from an occult book and inadvertently wakes up a rotting corpse in the backyard. The asthmatic zombie (after the sounds he produces) slowly walks toward the house, killing the entire film crew, reminding one of the previous seven dead bodies. After a running time of about 60 minutes, the movie suddenly changes from a simple to a simple, weird and confusing state. I'm still not sure if the last phrase has anything to do with the concept of reincarnation or coincidence, and any remaining characters, for whatever reason, suddenly seem to go through tremendous mental transformations before they die. I honestly regret that "House of Seven Corpses" is a pretty horrible movie. The scenes and landscapes are bleak, but not nearly exploited, and there is a lack of gruesome bloodshed. Numerous low-budget gems from the '70s were surprisingly disgusting, so the lack of funds is no excuse and the movie-within-movie murders really do not count. Even the ever-reliable veteran stars deliver hammy performances and Harrison's direction is completely uninspired. Not recommended, unless you think the absolutely cool four and a half minute opening credits are worth the effort to buy a copy.
