I have three comments on this film that I saw hanging on a lower shelf at Blockbuster. First of all, it is interesting to see which approaches the filmmakers use to film essentially non-filmed works. Some have, like Kubrick with "Lolita", got the original author to write a script that is something like the original. Of course, this can not happen here. Kraft-Ebing is long dead. Some have used the premises of the original work as a starting point to take a completely new, unrelated direction (the latest adaptation of "Tristram Shandy" comes in here). You can mute it - the movie from "Slaughterhouse Five" is an example in my opinion. Or you simply take the format of the original and try to render it in film vignettes. That would be the approach of Woody Allen's "Everything You Wanted to Know About Sex" and this movie. When you think about it, it's probably the only thing you can do with a scientific paper like Psychopathia Sexualis. The potential loss is that the cumulative point of the original work has been darkened or destroyed. And so it is here. Point two is the cinematic style. Some would call it a "tribute" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc., but I think it's crude. It is way too cumbersome and self-confident to be effective for a long time. At some point it is just annoying. <br /> <br /> Point three is perhaps a less intellectual observation. How did the leaders manage to make a movie about wild sexual deviance and perversion that is so boringly boring? I found the film impossible to pay attention to, and those who are not automatically concerned with sexual deviance will find it that way. I do not want to be totally rude and say the movie is pointless, but I have to say that all that the filmmakers had, by the nature of the source material, the obvious copying of film styles and the stubborn rejection, tends to obscure the audience on an emotional level Level (possibly out of fear of being accused of charges). <br /> <br /> The film is a questionable exercise from the start and does not really work for me, I'm sorry to say.
