Although Dreamgirls won only a handful of Tony in an incredibly weak year on Broadway, she has never been a jewel in the crown of stage musicals. However, that does not mean that in the right cinematographic hands, it could not be made worthwhile on screen. Unfortunately, the on-screen transmission is basically a slavishly faithful version of the stage hit with all inherent weaknesses. First, the score was never one of the strengths of this production and the film does not change that factor. There are many songs (maybe too many?), But few of them are particularly memorable. Catchy tunes are the theme song and One Night Only - the much-lauded song that I do not understand, less a great song than a dramatic play for the character of Effie (Jennifer Hudson). , The film is smooth and technically well produced, but the story and the characters are surprisingly thin and have no resonance. There is some interest in the opening moments as Jamie Foxx's Svengali manager manipulates his acts, but that will take a back seat in the final part of the movie if history tries to make him a villain From a business standpoint, he was right for a good majority of the movie. Beyonce Knowles is beautiful and sings her songs perfectly, but she sticks to a character that basically glitters superficially. Anika Noni Rose, the third member of the Dreamgirls trio, has literally nothing to do for the entire movie. Eddie Murphy is a singer who is obviously based on James Brown. However, it is not very meaty and ultimately has little effect. Foxx seems to be ideal, but he looks strangely withdrawn and bored. The biggest selling point of the film is certainly the former American Idol candidate / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson in the central role of Effie White, the spirited singer who is released from the group and returns a triumphant final act. For me, Effie was a big problem both in the show and in the movie. The movie, of course, wants you to apologize for it, and he rather went over the side with the ham, but I was never sure that character deserved that kind of devotion. Effie behaves from the beginning largely like a disgusting, selfish, selfish diva, who is more interested in what anyone else can do for her than having a great interest in the group she belongs to. If she is released from the group because of her unprofessionalism and bad attitude, the allegations are more than substantiated, but the stage show / movie seems to believe that Effie should be unlimited just because she has a great voice. Although the film tries to soften some of Effie's harder edges to make them more sympathetic, the charges remain. Her story becomes more manipulative when she implies that she should have our further compassion because she is an unmarried mother who strives to raise her daughter. This implies that motherhood (similar to the talent card) makes any behavior immediately excusable. In fact, the only major effort the film shows to show Effie's mother is to tell us about it and then add a scene in which she barks her daughter at the employment office, insisting that the girl "does not have a father ", and then refuses to look for workers employment that she supports since singing, is all she knows. In the hands of a skilled actress, the gaps could possibly have been removed with technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not this actress. She sings well, but the dialogue-driven moments are not natural to her, nor are there any high emotional moments. The signing moment of Effie (the previously mentioned and I'll tell you ... number) is well sung by Hudson, but flat in the acting department emotionally. Effie is supposed to express her anger and desperation over her predicament, but Hudson is a cabaret artist who pokes out a hot number. All in all, not quite the emotional highlight you expect. The final part of the film is basically a predictable mix of events that maneuver Foxx into Hudson's former position, allowing him to sneak back and dominate them all. Foxx's criminal offenses in film are undoubtedly equal for many record-breaking record producers, but the film's apparent implication because he helped launch the disco era is pretty ridiculous, not to mention presumptuousness and condescension whole depth of a puddle. The end result is a faithful reproduction of the stage hit, of emotions, energy or something that can be described as dynamic.
