Before I start, let me say for a moment that this film is very well done by itself and played by everyone involved, including Whittaker, who actually deserves his nomination. It is very entertaining and. , , In the right context, seen as a work by FICTION, it's a very good movie. For that I give him the two stars. <br /> <br /> Instead of spending your time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, instead, I would like to point out the absolutely fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a fiction, as if it were truth. I emphasize that this movie, nowhere in the credits, lets us know that the main character, dr. Nicholas Garrigan is a complete invention of fiction. Rather, it puts this character in a real historical environment and allows the uninformed viewer to assume that he was actually real and what they see is the truth. I have no problem with the mingling of facts and fiction - but in such a dishonest case, in a word, this is reprehensible. <br /> <br /> There can be no doubt that Africa co-exists with most other Third World countries. Countries are full of human misery and suffering. Hollywood has long been trying to record the suffering of the people in these countries film. But Hollywood also keeps an eye on making money. The only true way to catch the suffering that seems to be everywhere except in the West is either to experience it yourself or at least to record it in honest documentation. <br /> <br /> But these depictions of fictional characters In real historical circumstances, that can only do so much. At the end of the day, they are less concerned with making the facts available to the viewer than by deciding on their own, and more like leading them from picture to picture and slapping you over the head and screaming, " SEE, WE SAY IT'S BAD! " The prime example of this is anyone who is willing to watch the documentary on the DVD after watching the movie. The most shocking picture of the film is probably the contemplation of the body of Kay Amin, Idi's second wife, whom he killed when he discovered her unfaithfulness. In the movie, we see that their limbs were severed and placed in reverse order (arms for legs and vice versa). This is the director who makes sure that Amin, as the Gungans say, is Bom-bad! However, when we look at the documentary, we learn that this is really just a myth that the acting Minister of Health said back then that this is not the case. <br /> <br /> Sun. , What . , You only do these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a bad opinion about our intelligence, that's why! They do not trust us to come to the right conclusion ourselves. Seeing that she was murdered and dismembered is enough for us to conclude that Amin is not the sympathetic type he portrayed in the media - we do not need these Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE inspired images to to reinforce that! And that's just the tip of the iceberg. What is also not explained to the occasional viewer is that the main character Garrigan himself is fictional. There was no young Scottish doctor under Amin's wing. Therefore, Garrigan is clearly only present to help us understand dumb Westerners of the African world. The producers seem to think that we would not be interested in a movie about Africa unless there is a white face in it. (Ironically, even the title character is portrayed by an American black actor!) The problem with that is that the movie is no longer a disappointment to Amin and his regime, but an exploitative thriller about a white Westerner who comes to Africa for all the wrong reasons , made some terrible mistakes and then "redeemed" himself, even at the cost of three other innocent lives. Honestly, I have to say that it is almost reprehensible to assume that the real tragic death of Ms. Amin was the result of a trick with a fictional Scottish doctor - it almost seems like a pathological joke to the conversation! I really wish Hollywood would stop tugging us for our money. I recognized his inclination to do so with the unfortunate manipulative A BEAUTIFUL MIND, Ron Howard, and Akiva Goldsmans sugar-sweet adaptation of John Nash's life, which erased the darker side of the man to present only the tortured hero America is now capable of not getting enough of it The sad truth is that Hollywood has been selling us these fakes for years, and viewers who are predictably and understandably too lazy or self-assured to examine themselves buy these fake portraits with hooks, twine and sinkers. <br /> <br /> You see, I'm not saying that Amin is turned into a villain he was not. My point is, if the truth is so shocking enough to convince us of the man's brutality, why must Hollywood be so fictional? Why does Hollywood have to insult us by keeping our hands through these films? Why can not you trust us to think for ourselves? Can not we just bring the honest depictions to the screen and let the audience win? I urge anyone who continues to see Hollywood's supposedly "true" films to seek ALWAYS favor for themselves, never to assume that what appears on the screen is even close to the truth!
