The performance of Forest Whitaker is all the more impressive, since it is almost worthwhile to sit through this filth. "Historical fiction" does not justify a change in history. The absurdity begins with the imaginary protagonist James McAvoy plays. Creating a fictitious observer to give the reader a starting point in the book is unfortunate, it is unfortunate that white people can not just read a book without a white protagonist to which they can connect to a passive role. It is irresponsible, lazy and stupid, to invent a fake historical actor and owe this fiction to exposing Amin to the world. Not credible or even rationalizing the actions of this creation is simply criminal and has opened the door to films that they plan with Leonardo DiCaprio as a heroic Enron whistleblower who NEVER EXISTS. The logic of the world is not in this film, in which a Scottish child thinks he should sleep with the wife of a murderous dictator. This does not apply if the dictator's wife wants to sleep with a stupid, irresponsible white boy. Anyway, ALL is asleep with this skinny, irresponsible, arrogant white boy, he even has Gillian Anderson licking her funny hoes. <br /> <br /> Let me say I do not like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what it has to do with him, but I thought his Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was scary and perverted. I think that Kerry Washington would never look at him twice, so I can not believe that the wife of a powerful, dangerous man like Amin would risk her life and lose for him. I do not believe him as a doctor and I just do not see the appeal. His character seems to have far more arrogance than it would make sense, and trying to make him look like an ass when shooting at the cow was just ... the word is again ... absurd. Think about it, you watch all these characters bend into knots to house this incredible protagonist, and there has never been such a guy. Gillian Anderson looks incredible and sounds more British than most Britons. Whitaker offers a great, far-reaching magnetic achievement and emphasized how much he did with his obscure speeches before the Oscars. It's a shame the movie around him had no reason to exist.
