"Women? These are all scrubbers ...!" <br /> <br /> No, not a good translation. not at all! This lagged behind last year's "Dad Army", lacking the special, small-format magic of the trailblazing TV sitcom original, and failed to play interestingly with the big screen. It could be said that this film is a good one, a decline in the UK and, more specifically, a decline in the British film industry. And that's hardly a recommendation, right? To be an example of sad stupidities ... <br /> <br /> All that has remained after the subtlety of the TV original has been surgically removed, Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson are: endless, rundown musical signals, Yawning, from the Ron Grainer theme ... reinforced the sentimentality (the sloppy, thick-eared ending ... how much bolder the second Steptoe film looks in comparison) - a heightened germination - with director and writers who seemingly completely shut out solve something like the "misunderstood monstrosity" of 1973, "The Mutations". The scene in which Harold is beaten up in a rugby club has a strangely mischievous, audacious tone that I hate and hate in part (so far, as a friend who has suggested the mood of the TV series ...), but this seems to be at least an original inclination and symbolic of tensions that boiled up in the UK from 1972 ... However, there is an implied prostitute, a "heart of gold" that turns a loose woman -traitor 'pon poor auld' Arold - and beyond the caricature of the "class" element; not to mention, surprisingly misjudged achievements from the usually undoubted tracks. Brambell and Corbett agree with the script and can not actually cure it of a major ham. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock have made of it ...? I just have to admit that there are some moments just about the work - especially those in which G & S plays more cautiously and B & C touches tender nerves - and it's by no means an unsurpassable affair. <br /> <br /> But and oh, how much it hurts to say it: It's boring, boring, intentionally detached from reality as well as what made the TV series great, and also fully in tune with that Lazy, Tawdry, misogynist, 'fuck it, that do ...' - fact of much of what happened in mainstream UK film production in the UK.
