OK, let me once again admit that I have not seen any other films by Merchant Ivory (the distributor). I have also seen unpublished works by the director, so my ability to discuss Before the Rains outside the film's analysis is mitigated. Let me start with this train. <br /> <br /> Before the Rains is another kind of movie that does not know which genre it wants to be. At first it turns out to be romantic. In most novels, the protagonist falls in love with a minor character, is separated from the minor character and (sometimes) united with his partner. The hero of this film has already won the heart of his lover, but can not be with her. His name is Henry Moores, and her name is Sajani, and they live in southern India during the fading days of the Raj (British imperial rule). Henry was not in London for a long time and fell in love with his married Indian despite his marriage and child overseas. What could be better than that? They often sneak away for intimate afternoons until some kids notice them. This speaks to Sajani's husband, who questions her involvement in Moores. She refuses any contact with him, but Moores asks her to leave the area. Sajani refuses because of her devotion to him and commits suicide. Please note that these events take place in the first third of the movie. The film changes tone and becomes a drama in its final stages. <br /> <br /> Sajani is discovered when Moore's family comes to visit. The alleged perpetrator is the English-speaking assistant T.K. T. K. knows the story of his master, but remains silent until his life is threatened. Once declared innocent, he tries to regain his honor by killing the moors. T. K. is too squeamish and leaves him on a gravel road, while the rain is falling. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you, this is not a romance. The DVD cover and theater posters depict an Indian and a Caucasian man embracing each other in an idealized tropical setting. This image is taken directly from the movie opening, but disappears quickly. Then it's over. It seems to be an attempt to harness the Western fixation of forbidden love. It is not effective at all. The movie is not just not romance, but its characters lack any personality. They are bundles of Wanderklischees. Moores is an arrogant white man who does not know his Indian girlfriend, T.K. T. K. is torn between his own heritage and his educational background. Sajani is a woman who has no choice in romantic life. Oh, and of course, Moores' family is curious about Sajani's death, but still a little racist for Indians. If the sound was not so serious, I would like to overlook these problems, but it is not. The film is presented with a didactic overtone that underscores its poor character development. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not that bad. Apart from the ridiculous script, it is not bad. The actors are all experienced and perform well here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was part of the wonderful Indian drama Water. Director Sivan also has an impressive CV. He recently oversaw The Terrorist, part of Roger Ebert's Great Movies collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan mentioned how he was inspired to shoot this movie because he saw a movie called Red Roofs in Israel. Apparently, the story was "timeless" and Sivan tried to create a similar experience that was established in India in the 1930s. I have no problems with this approach, but I think Sivan was too motivated this time. The actors, cinematography, and stage design are acceptable, but if you do not share Sivan's aura, you probably will not enjoy it. My recommendation is that you assume that you do not agree with him and observe something else. Final consensus: * and ½ of *****
