I can understand it after reviewing for the first time in many years how it is considered to be one of the worst of Laurel & Hardy's. For me it's not as bad as "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are some serious flaws. The film will show Laurel and Hardy as owner and instructor of the dance studio. Hardy is a fun dancing star of a "London Bridge" dance, surrounded by 20th Century Fox starlets, while Laurel in the next room teaches the ballet of the beginner in a ballerina outfit. An awkward carpenter spills glue on the floor and leads to a predictable gag, where Hardy ends the locker. Then come the thugs, who are now selling insurance for their protective racket. One of them is a very young and handsome Robert Mitchum. But as soon as they force the boys to take insurance, they are arrested. <br /> <br /> This is the end of the gangsters and the last time we see the dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to supporting Laurel and Hardy for the wealthy patron Trudy Marshall and her friend Robert Bailey. They first try to help them hide their relationship from their disapproving parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and hopeful admirer Allan Lane, from whom we can say right away that they are not good pigs. As a result, Briggs's hidden bar is uncovered by the Tea-Total Dumont and a gag that literally pulls a rug out of the wealthy patriarch, who plunges his bed into a pond below. When Bailey uses the boys to show his jet cannon, it comes to Pandemonium. The Dead Pan Butler announces Case and Dumont that their house is on fire. Later, Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to raise money for the rental of her dance studio, and hopes Laurel can break a leg for it. There is no indication that the insurance sellers were gangsters and that the policy would probably be invalid. (Even if they had become a legitimate insurance agent after their arrest, their licenses would have been revoked). Laurel gets off a bus that the driver has left over an allegedly rabid dog (covered only with frosting, cake devours Toto or the actual doggie), which lands Oliver on a giant beach scooter. Roller coaster on which the bus has landed somehow and its wheels fit perfectly on the tracks. Roller coaster gags can be exciting, as shown in "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood," and this is amusing but anti-climactic. <br /> <br /> As the story ends, all these gags do not seem to get a single point, giving the impression that it's just a series of curls that together make up a full-length feature, hopefully part of one Double bill is. L & H had lost much of its splendor after leaving Hal Roach's staff, as I've already mentioned in other reviews of his later films, but surprisingly, they do not look as old and tired here as they did in movies in the same films were turned year. If the gags had not been as amusing as some of the other films did, it would certainly have ranked a "2" over a "3".
