For the fans of Laurel and Hardy, the 1940s and beyond was a very sad time for the team. Their contracts with Hal Roach Studios had expired and now they were "free agents" - able to work for any studio that offered them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach), and even a French film company that hired the boys, had absolutely no points of contact for their comedic talents. Besides, Stan and Ollie were much older and it seemed sad, not particularly funny, to see how these geriatric men took Pratfalls. Stan looked very awkward and the weight of Ollie was so big that he could barely walk - and so I felt uncomfortable laughing at her very, very quiet manners. <br /> <br /> In addition to her age, this film suffers from Fox Studios strangely placing her in a supporting role and creating a parallel conspiracy by a young couple - something that shortens time on screen and blurs it "Hanging up" instead of just being yourself. A sweet and cuddly Stan and Ollie is a stranger to the old Laurel and Hardy of the 20s and 30s - and seemed strangely alien to them and ill suited them. <br /> <br /> Now, even with her age, this was a decent movie, if you got decent writing and it seemed like the studio was worried - and it's obvious that here she's the "B" Unit "- at best with second-class support. Above all, there are very few laughs and the last 10 minutes of the movie are just terrible - just for the stupid chase, which relies on a sloppy rear projection screen - which is perhaps one of the worst of its kind movie history. <br /> <br /> For crazy zombie lovers by Laurel and Hardy, it's probably a movie they'll love. But for fans of the team who really want to rate this movie in relation to their amazing past films, it's just too big. Of all her feature films before 1940, I can not imagine anyone who likes me less than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately, this may be one of the better ones among the 1940s films. Unfortunately it got a lot worse - with miserable films like THE BIG NOISE and Nothing But To Trouble. I only wish the guys had just retired to SAPS AT SEA. <br /> <br /> Finally, I wonder if all the generally positive reviews for this movie on IMDb reflect the love of the reviewers of the team more than an indication that this is a good movie? For an audience that has not fallen in love with the team yet, I do not know HOW this movie will do anything, but the audience is bored - it certainly will not convince anybody that Laurel and Hardy were comedic geniuses. But even comedic geniuses need material that is worthy of their talents.
