In this movie, all the art-house clichés (slow tempo, long static footage, minimal number of dialogues) are used to hide the fact that there is really nothing to see here: there is no conspiracy, the characters are drab (female ) Lead or cliché (Tersteeghe's character), and they never talk to each other about anything that concerns their fairly uneventful life. The film revolves around a woman who learns about her husband's adultery. Instead of confronting him, she retaliates half-heartedly by committing adultery herself. After a fight and reconciliation with her sister who knew about the adultery without informing her, she asks her husband not to cheat on her. They seem to be reunited as a family. Two more storylines - the planned move of the elderly father of the woman with his young wife to Guernsey and the rivalry with the sister of the wife - do not offer any interesting developments. The suicide of a colleague of the woman who seems to trigger events in the film is not an issue in itself. For 2005 - or any other year - this is not enough to make an interesting film. <br /> <br /> In addition, the few dramatic development opportunities that the script contains are either unused or deliberately avoided. For example, when both the wife and her sister mark a particular piece of furniture from their father's house that is being sold due to his planned move. Both sisters want this particular piece and given their rivalry in the past - about much more important things than furniture: men - this could theoretically lead to a confrontation. Or the matter could be solved by one sister giving in to the other. In any case, this would not be a very interesting or original development of the story, but at least a certain development. The film clearly depicts this situation (both sisters looked intensely at each other during the marking and one sister mentioned that she did not want to draw straws), but she cheats us from any breakup: The scene ends up simple and as - in itself rather desolate and materialistic - problem is solved, is not shown. <br /> <br /> Although almost completely absent, the dialogue that is in the movie is painfully flat and lukewarm. For example, when the two sisters engage in rivalry during a visit to Guernsey, a childish "yes is it - no, that's not it" narrative becomes a three-part dialogue. The fight and reconciliation scene with the two sisters is completely without dialogue. This looks very artificial, too stylized and unrealistic and reduces the effect considerably. Just like the woman finally - finally! - addresses her husband's adultery in a single line of dialogue in order to be believed - and at the same time is completely unbelievable. The husband does not seem to have a noticeable reaction, or if he has any, this is not shown. The woman does not mention her husband of her own adultery. The sister-watched scene, in which the wife, husband and little son fell asleep in a commercial airplane, may be considered a happy ending, but the way the characters took on the issues of their lives makes this unlikely. <Br /> <br /> Due to its slow pace, uninteresting story, leaden alignment and absurd lack of dialogue, I found this movie as an example of everything that can be wrong about an art house movie and a complete waste of time.
