Slither is a horror comedy that does not have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. There's a scene that's exceptionally good, any number of Zingern that work, but very few real scares and not enough humor to sustain the movie. In addition, the script does not focus on the hero and the heroine and goes wrong in several places. <br /> <br /> One of the main flaws of this movie is that it introduces the hero (Fillion) and then leaves. Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) is introduced first and then becomes a monster. This whole part of the movie is going through - Michael Rooker 's character is not particularly interesting to us as a person, and if he performs a series of moves while acting in the monster' s interest, it might be interesting if this is Grant 's portrait of a man Turn into a monster and not into a horror comedy alien invasion movie. Ultimately, the film's problems are in the script - it's not as important to the audience as the monster acts or spreads. The purpose of a horror comedy is to bring the heroes into a corner with a shotgun and throw bugs at them, wisely knocking every time something terrible or disgusting happens. Instead, we get an examination of the habits and tactics of the extraterrestrial that are affecting this part of the movie. The alleged heroine (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is more central in this part, but still I felt that the movie left its narrative track, unless he wanted to follow Grant Grant to the end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his troupe are finally confronted with the alien, the movie starts cooking, but again the problem is in the script. At this point, the audience knows - and the characters should know - that Grant not only suffers from some illness and act accordingly (shotguns) - but they are increasingly subject to increasing evidence that this is not something that " Getting "Let's Go to a Hospital" Will Help Although their responses may have been human and real, these are characters in an action movie who are supposed to do just what the movie promised - action, the absence of action scenes in a movie with as few ideas as this is a big failure. *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** After the first confrontation and the bursting of the alien larvensack (a minor) character and perhaps the best scene in the movie) the script reveals again At this point, one of the characters is almost taken over by the alien and develops an insight into the alien. The writer-director (Gunn) chooses as that character is a completely new character and not an ancillary character that has already been developed. Why? Why did he have to introduce an entirely new character into the film for more than an hour, which becomes central to the plot? By the time this character is attacked, we hardly know anything about her and could care less about her, even though she is a winning teenage girl in her bath. If Gunn had decided not to use this figure and only use one of the established minor characters, he would have been able to completely avoid introducing her family and saving time and money. In addition, the hero and the heroine would have been replenished without any additional characters on the alien's plans and could have earlier managed to blow away aliens earlier and with more force. <br /> <br /> My last criticism is based on The movie looks. Gunn is first and foremost writer or maybe it was budgetary constraints, but this movie looked ugly and uninteresting. Most of the action takes place at night in woods or in a field, and the screen just looks bleak. The sets in Wheelsy (the fictional city where the action takes place) look cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. Box Office Mojo says the films budget is $ 15 million, newspapers $ 29 million. Considering that they did not use a name talent, I would say that the money did not appear on the screen. The monster is simply repulsive and seldom deadly. <br /> <br /> The last criticism is based mainly on the reality of the character's actions. By the time Fillion and Co have begun to hunt Grant / the alien, a woman has disappeared and Grant is known to have mutilated animals. At that point, I expected the FBI or at least the state police to turn up and take over the sheriff. A woman has disappeared and probably been murdered, and a local has been psychotic. Time to call the authorities. But basically, I was hoping that would happen because I just wanted to have a few characters showing up and ACT. <br /> <br /> Although this film seems to be a horror comedy, the film it most closely resembles has Dreamcatcher in terms of monstrous invasion and the nature of the monster and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had much bigger problems with the story (especially the entire Morgan Freeman subplot) and, most of all, the end, it was in many ways stronger, especially because the main characters were stronger, but most of all because they looked beautiful. Even though this may be a contradiction - the film, which is weaker due to the production values ​​in the general plot and the structural spine - shows how uninteresting I found the look of Slither.
