This movie confuses me. It may be that I'm just a stupid American, but I really do not get 400 shots. Everything I read about this movie was absolutely thrilled, but I just could not continue to be interested in it. I'm sure filmmaking was as revolutionary as all the critics say, but when it comes down to it, it's really boring. Maybe it's the language barrier, maybe I'm just not "sensitive" or "artistic" enough, but whatever the case, I hated this movie. The story itself is not bad; It is about a young French boy who is treated unfairly by his parents and his teachers and eventually comes to a youth center. That in itself should be interesting and it was first. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but on the other hand it's hard to say, because half of the conversations were not without subtitles and no apparent reason, so I did not always know what was going on. But for the dialogue we could understand, it made sense. The actors were credible enough, but it's hard to say what a real person would do in such situations. So you feel like the main character, but only in the sense that you think if he gets into trouble, that's shit. The plot is not even your typical plot. Every time he gets into trouble, he gets into more trouble than the last time, but the reasons never vary too much. Throughout the film, it becomes clear that the main character can do nothing about it. So it's more than just waiting for how it ends. Incidentally, the end was completely over my head. It's way too artistic for me and I just did not understand it. It was easy enough to finish. The structure was certainly there, and it made sense, but everything was really great. For the amount of dialogue and significant moments, the film could have been an hour shorter. It just did not end. Part of it was the unnecessarily long strikes, none of which was memorable; The end, for example, was a clip of the main character walking along a good thirty-second country road. I'm sure that this had a deeper meaning somewhere, but for the average viewer, I would rather have gotten up to get something to eat during that time. Or at least done something more useful than watching this boy while running, eg. For example, to do my laundry or take a nap. <br /> <br /> Final judgment <br /> <br /> The feeling throughout the film was that it was probably very moving and simply amazing and that it would bring me a great life lesson if only I could get what the director wanted to say about him? unique decisions. As it was, I just felt cheated out of a good two hours of my life.
