This movie, also known as "The Four Hundred Beats," is a mistranslation. "Faire les 400 coups" means "to lead a wild life." As a Frenchman, I am stunned to see the popularity of this good, but by no means outstanding film. 1. It is not the first film of the "nouvelle vague" -train; Agnes Vardas "la pointe courte" (1956), Alain Resnai's "Hiroshima mon amour" (1958), Claude Chabrol's "le beau serge" (1958), are anterior Historically, "les 400 coups" comes after 2.The "Nouvelle vague" It was sometimes cumbersome and hard on its predecessors: Overnight Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves Allégret and many others were condemned to oblivion.This selfishness and contempt are typically "nouvelle vague" Generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier, Feyder) never heard (or read), for example, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder Thanks to Truffaut and Co Some people will never ent # some jewels of the French fifties or forties corners (Duvuvier's "sous le ciel de Paris", Autant-Lara's "Douce", Yves Allégret's "une si jolie petite plage" and "manèges") so far to say that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were worthless! 3. "Les 400 coups" is technically rather disappointing: it is very academic, the story is as linear as it can be, the teachers are caricatures and the mother Claire Maurier delivers such memorable lines as (you have to be a Frenchman around 1960) understand how ridiculous it is): Well, your dad just has his brevet (junior high school diploma) and i just have my high school diploma! In 1960 barely 10% of students had HSD in France! Antoine Doinel should have been proud of his mother! She wants him to have diplomas, who can accuse her? 4. Compared to the innovations of "Hiroshima mon amour", which has a brand new shape and a new "fragmented" content, "les 400 coups" fade into meaning. Truffaut masters a new form only with the superior "Jules" and Jim, "supported by the incomparable Jeanne Moreau." 5.The interpretation is quite stiff: Jean-Pierre Léaud, who is probably in English, is still decent but will soon degenerate to the most affected of his generation 6. The theme = stolen childhood had better days (Julien Duvivier's "Poil de Carotte", Luis Bunuel's "Los olvidados") and will thereafter (Maurice Pialats "l'enfance nue ", Kenneth Loach's" Kes ") I do not want to humiliate Truffaut, his film is not bad, but frankly, French film fans prefer" Jules and Jim "" l'enfant sauvage "(a film that is honest, true and commercial uncompromising for a mistake) "l'argent de poche" (as academic as "400 coups", but much funnier) or its nice hitchcock pastiche "vivement dimanche". <br /> <br />
