It is a Frank Zappa axiom that "music journalism is people who can not write interview people who can not speak for people who can not read." If you ever need proof that musicians can not speak, this is the movie for you. Repeated attempts at profundity stumble upon themselves and end in monosyllabic commentary held in reverent voices: "Wow." (Thank you, Idris Muhammed.) This movie is presumptuous, but while many of Youssou N'Dour and his group of happy men (and a symbolic woman) are thundering, the music saves the day. <Br/> The main idea behind the movie (which I think is the main idea drummed from the inarticulate commentary) is interesting. Bring together a group of musicians from America and Europe to take them on a journey through the different styles of slavery, their roots in West African music and a concert in the old slave fortress of Gorée off the coast of Senegal. Gospel, blues, jazz and variations of it, including fantastic drumming in both New Orleans and Senegal. There are also many of N'Dour's own compositions. Unfortunately that is another weakness. It is never quite clear what N'Dour wants to achieve for himself. To a certain extent, the film seems to be an exercise in N'Dour self-promotion. He wants to play his own music, to a certain extent spice it up and perform in the company of a group of musicians he admires. This is obviously a bit embarrassing for him and early in the film he gets the blessings of the curator of the Gorée Museum. <br /> <br /> The clash of different agendas is evident in several other places. Obviously, someone had the feeling that it would not be possible to tell the story of black music without involving a gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his colleagues are Muslims (a point that was repeated throughout the movie) , The entire early sequence with the black Christians is unpleasant and they disappear from history until the group of near harmony (the only black Christians who can hold a note) appears at the end of the film in Dakar. (To be fair, they appear triumphant and play the best part of the movie.) If the history of black music has to nod towards the gospel, why not in the direction of Latin America? Where are the black musical influences from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. Here, the black Diaspora does not seem to have produced any musicians of the caliber, as N'Dour decides for the Austrian guitarist and a trumpeter from Luxembourg. Are you in the team just because N'Dour played with him before? What baffled me personally, however, was the long sequence that attempted to reestablish a kind of 1960s-style Beatnik / Black Power / Nation of Islam culture at Amir Baraka's New York home (including Leroi Jones). People hear how important it is to "know your story" and then, in the next breath, maintain ignorance. Why do so many African Americans believe that an Arabic name is a confirmation of their African roots? And why do you think that Arab Islam is so much more admirable than European Christianity? Who founded the trade with African slaves from their point of view? The film does not have much to say about the current situation in West Africa, beyond the platitude, that "present conditions" are a consequence of all the brightest and best that have been shipped for 300 years. The Senegalese seem to be a poor but cheerful, musically gifted people that are friendly and welcoming, respectful of the elders (and not about visiting the Americans at the fish market). Is this ethnic cliché or just my imagination? There is no comment on the armed guard that N'Dour and the camera crews appear to need in the opening sequence as they walk through the streets of Dakar. The slaves brought from Dakar came from Dakar. The similarity between the popular drum style of New Orleans and the folkloric drum style of Senegal is proven. The last thing the slaves heard before they were shipped was drumming their home and saying goodbye. Apart from the fact that the Dakar sent slaves by and large did not come from Dakar. They were captured by the Senegalese on the coast or sold to traders and sold to traders, of which the European power always owned the Gorée slave fortress. The people of Dakar are not descendants of Africans who escaped the slave trade, they are just as likely? more likely ?? Descendants of the people who sold their black brothers into slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> In the last part of the film, the two agendas meet again. There are two separate endings. On the one hand the concert that N'Dour and Co tried and prepared along the way and that they deliver in the courtyard of the slave fortress Gorée. The other end comes when the Harmony Harmoneers sing the spiritual "Return to Glory" in the seafront of the Slave Fort. This is very moving, although it is hard to believe that the performance is as spontaneous as it seems. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that is flawed. Unclear in the story she tries to tell and drag in different directions. Irritating, confusing, beautiful and emotionally alternating. Listen to the music and the feeling, but do not expect enlightenment or intellectual rigor.
