I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I hurried out to get "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" to see Cushing again ... even if it was not Chistopher Lee this time. To my great disappointment, this movie does not just come out without Lee, but without Frankenstein's monster! Was it a case of "If we can not get Lee, do not we have any monsters"? Why should they do this? The monster is half the fun of the whole thing !! This film is dedicated exclusively to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his search for experiments that he had begun with a brain transplant before he ended up in an asylum. I found the script extremely weak, with the need to stop the disbelief a little too much. I'm willing to put up with a lot, but this movie got pretty ridiculous, which led me out of the movie instead of immersing myself in it. Peter Cushing, however, is absolutely brilliant when he plays pure evil in this movie. Since he was one of the most popular actors and known to be sweet men, he could play quite threatening and vicious. The side occupation is competent, but has little to do, even the young doctor and his fiancee blackmailed Frankenstein to help. A limping police chief is introduced along with his buddy to create a comic relief. Then they are completely removed from the movie! Why? We believe that the chief of police will be the chief nemesis of the Baron, then we believe that it will be the young doctor and then he will be the victim of Frankenstein's brain transplantation experiment. There was no tension, we were not invested in the "creature", and the ending was left so ambiguous that one was dissatisfied, as it is clear that they are putting on another sequel. <br /> <br /> There are virtually no "horror" elements. Yes, in the beginning there is a decapitation (off-camera), and we are treated to the sounds of Cushing cutting off the tops of two men's skulls (again out of camera), and there is the most disturbing and absolutely unnecessary rape scene (90%). it is not in the camera). I understand that it is a love to "let the audience imagine everything, because their ideas are far worse than what we can show", but if you do not want to give us a monster then at least let us SEE you the few "terrible" elements you want to select. Showing us a skeleton in the lab that is illuminated with green light is simply not scary. <br /> <br /> Apart from a weak script, I thought the direction was mostly flat. There were a few nice shots, but otherwise no excitement, atmosphere or tension was created. The same director did "Curse" in 1958, and I thought it was a brilliant director. I think he was as uninspired by this movie as I was. <br /> <br /> The film gets a 4/10 rating from me Strictly for Peter Cushing's powerful, nuanced performance ... In addition, I found in this film little to recommend. Instead, I recommend "The Curse of Frankenstein" and see a really great Hammer horror movie.
