"Her Cardboard Lover" is the last movie by Norma Shearer. She left the movies and, I think, member of MGM's board of directors. That was a good step on her part. "Her Cardboard Lover" was sometimes talkative and boring. It was obvious that there were only a handful of actors who spoke, so they had a lot of dialogue to keep this turkey afloat. <br /> <br /> The story was a good idea about a wealthy woman (Norma Shearer) hiring a man (Robert Taylor) to make her playboy fiancé (George Sanders) jealous. I am surprised that the director, George Cukor, has not cut many of the crazy scenes between Ms. Shearer and Mr. Taylor. Mr. Cukor served Ms. Shearer well in The Women, but not in this movie. <br /> <br /> The best performance in the movie was given by Robert Taylor. During Mr. Taylor's career in 1941 he received his best comedy roles in this film and "When Ladies Meet." In 1942 he gave his best comedy performance in "Her Cardboard Lover" and until then his best dramatic performance in "Johnny Eager". He had a busy year. I think of all the actors at MGM, Mr. Taylor worked with all the big and little actresses. In addition, MGM has provided Mr. Taylor with all sorts of films - most of them have been successful. That's why MGM kept him for 25 years. <br /> <br /> Mr. George Sanders was very good as a social seller. A similar role he played eight years later in "All About Eve", for which he received an Oscar for a supporting role. As for Ms. Shearer, this was one of her worst performances, she was not funny and too dramatic for this comedy. It's strange that she made a great comedy in 1939 with "The Women" and showed her best performances. It was obvious that she was too old and looking for her younger leading men in "your carton lover". It did not help that some of her clothes were terrible. Too bad that she and Mr. Taylor did not make another dramatic movie like their last movie together, the excellent "Escape". The same comments on this film can be said of another film, "Personal Property", which Mr. Taylor made in 1937 with Jean Harlow. It was too talkative, boring and the actress looked old. Ms. Harlow looked sick throughout the movie and no one in Hollywood noticed that she was going to see a doctor. In 1937 she died at the age of 26 years. What a waste! She became a good actress and got better roles.
