As far back as 1942, the set-up presented by HER CARDBOARD LOVER was standard in film production until 1942. The machinations of one couple (husband / wife, ex-husband / ex-wife) to recapture the other at the mercy of marriage, divorce, or eventual separation through jealousy, humiliation, or the like. With classics such as HIS GIRL Friday and THE PHILADELPHIA STORY the schemes made much better. In both films, women are seen with a strong, indomitable screen presence playing independent, protofeminist characters. In both films, both women were estranged / divorced from their (witty) first husbands and married colorless men who were just their opposite, and both would be bamboozled to reject their soon-to-be husbands and rekindle their passion for rebuilding. <br /> <br /> The act in HER CARDBOARD LOVER changes gender: Here it is Norma Shearer in the Cary Grant role, this time to hire an ex-boyfriend (George Sanders) via Robert Taylor as a gigolo. The problem is, Shearer is far too old to play a role more akin to an actress in her mid to late twenties. Sanders is almost as much a piece of furniture for most - any man who would be in love with his fiancée when he sees a strange man coming out of their bathroom as it happens here would beat the lights out of him and do a huge amount of damage to the scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his part as if he were trying to channel Cary Grant half the time, not in sentences, but in essence. <br /> <br /> But the worst part of it is Shearer himself. For an actress accustomed to parts that gave her a sense of intellectual sexiness and dramatic presence, playing Consuelo Craydon seems like a total one Being over-functional, over-emotional, and over-gesturing while being part of her style ten years ago makes her look like an extremely educated performer who pulls the fun of a situation like water out of a fairly dry sponge. It heats only the fires that say the theory that makes Irving Thalberg the creator of her career and the choice of her (most of her) roles; why she has passed roles like Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver on the mega hits NOW VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but most of the reports also claim that she was just burned out of acting at that time, that she had lost interest in the whole thing altogether, and it's no secret that anyone who has experienced it has essentially lost focus and can not wait until the retirement or the end of a contract is left as soon as possible. This could be the case here. She seems to be lost, she seems tired, she seems uncomfortable, she walks through the autopilot instead of living the part. After this film, she would not do anything, but was responsible for discovering Janet Leigh, who became a screen star in the late 1940s and 1960s.
