Welcome to Movie 17 in the cool classic 50 pack. Where we will see, that's right. Another movie that makes absolutely no sense. Seriously, this movie made me so confused in the end that I thought I was watching "At Dawn's Sleep" again. The plot seems simple enough. Well, that's up to three seconds in the movie in which a girl allegedly killed a cat and then ... um ... exploded? I have no idea what happened. and that was in front of the title screen. This is really sad if I can not even say what happened in the first 3 minutes. Anyway, there's a photographer with a big mustache who finds this girl after taking his other girlfriend off to take pictures somewhere. So we're going to get there, but not before someone steals his jeep to drive him 200 yards out of the way towards a city. suspicious? close. So they decide to live with an old lady in this deserted village. and then bla bla bla stuff happens and blah blah talk. The guy with the mustache goes into the fog for some reason, though the old lady forbids it. He gets lost and finds his way back. <br /> <br /> Oh, I forgot to mention that this is all after an unbelievably pointless 20 minutes of them in the house of a man who looks like this buggy eyed guy Casablanca Then they go. There is really no sense in this scene. It's really just upholstery. If you cut it out, nobody would have noticed or taken care of it. <br /> <br /> But unfortunately that was the best part of the movie. waiting. Let me put it another way. Really sad that was the best part of the movie. The rest is so confusing that I had to look at IMDb to find out what happened. But of course no one else knows, so I'm SOL. Seriously, the last 30 minutes of the movie were some of the most amazing moments I've ever seen in the movie. You dressed her in a dress, he kidnapped her, then released her, he runs back into the house, then the witches are at the end of the house and it ends? serious. I was hardly ever so confused in a movie. I mean, as bad as movies like "War of the Robots" are, at least they make sense. This movie does not even make the ATTEMPT coherent. The end was as confusing as the end of Sleeping at Sunrise and the plot was much more boring. This movie gets a 1 just because he simply "I have no idea what happened in this movie". "Hexenberg" receives 1 out of 10 confused Movie Watchers.
