I could barely understand this movie and no one else, based on other reviews. The opening scene of this film has practically nothing to do with the rest of the story. A photojournalist with a big mustache breaks off his holiday in order to get away from his girlfriend. He should photograph a mountain range. It is rumored that he is being followed, but I could not say whether he heard that from his boss or later in the movie. On his way he meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to join him on his working trip. Throughout the film, there is this awesome music score, which is mainly made up of loud singing that you want to bring, "SHUT UP ALREADY !!!" to scream. What is really going to offend a person is that the movie always looks like it's gonna be good, although it never does. There is a beautiful mountain landscape and a really scary atmosphere. The Inn and the silent, abandoned old buildings on the mountain are quite threatening. The foggy nights look real, not as if someone put an artificial fog machine on the set. And the idea, though not original, had potential. But it never improves, at least not enough to be worthwhile. This is more or less. They stop in this tavern run by a strange innkeeper (they expect him to be Igor) with a hearing problem. There is a scene where the author thinks there is a pointed Tom in her window, but the scene is so dark that I had no idea what was going on. Whether this was a bad lighting or a bad film transfer is unknown to me. In any case, we never know what happened. There is a scene where she leaves at night. Whether she is sleepwalking or fascinated by the witches of the title is never explained. Another scene that is never explained is when your car is stolen and then found again without stealing anything. They land in this seemingly deserted mountain village whose only inhabitant is this seemingly friendly old woman. There are other things, including a wildly chained man in a cave who is never explained, an attempt to sacrifice the writer in any way (are they killed or brainwashed to join them?), The Witches himself, one Bunch of brunette women in white robes who appear in the last 15 minutes of the film and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. The final scene also makes no sense. When all is said and done, most people will say, "Huh?"
