It's extremely hard to say that this movie is about to follow, and it's just as frustrating to see through it. Also, the indication that the currently available pressure is dark, bleak, scratchy, abysmal, painfully synchronized, seemingly censored and in almost unsurpassable form, is also correct. This film desperately needs a good remastering from the full, uncut, original negative, and reasonably atmospheric atmosphere (and the director a prize at the Catalonia Film Festival). Maybe it's really worth it. On the other hand, maybe not ... It's simply impossible to tell what kind of movie it is. It starts quite interesting when you ignore the completely pointless sequence of introductions that a jumbled, snake-loving girl named Gerda brings with her. The girl mother Carla (Mónica Randall, who should have taken off the eyeliner a little bit) squirts gasoline in the garage and burns the brat. Apparently as crazy as the young Gerda, she visits her boyfriend Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He is on vacation from work, but so desperate that he moves away from Carla, he asks his employers to give him a job ... every job. She frowns "You'll be sorry!" when he walks out the door. Well, Mario is commissioned to photograph "Witch Mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I think). Before he reaches his destination, he sees a hot girl on the beach called Delia (Patty Shepard) and takes some pictures of her bikini top. Only slightly annoyed, she claims to be a single writer, the two flirted and then decided to have a good idea if they go together on the mountain. As they stop at their place to pack their bags, Mario suddenly hears loud, weird music. Delia claims he only hears things. <br /> <br /> So they go up the mountain and stop at a local inn to spend the night. There they meet a strange, partially deaf-headed landlord (Victor Israel), and Delia claims that someone was spying through her window. The next day she wanders up the mountain in a trance and is finally found by Mario jumping out of his jeep and running after her. As he finds out what's going on, someone steals his wheels and he has to walk a bit until he finds the jeep undamaged at the foot of a small, old, seemingly desolate village ... almost as if someone were trying to lure him on purpose There. Well, as we'll see, that's exactly what happened. In the village, they meet a friendly old woman named Zanta (Ana Farra), who claims that she is the only person still living there and leaves her in her house. Mario takes a few photos of the "abandoned" city and when he develops them, they are eerily full of people. Slightly crawled out, he and Delia begin to leave and are stuck in "insidious" fog and have to come over and camp for the night. The rest of the film has to do with voodoo dolls, black cats that turn into sexy women, satanic rituals performed by ladies in their bras, and a deadly fall from a cliff. And yes, incidentally, Carla, the strange woman, also turns out to be one of the witches. It all happens in the semi-darkness and honestly I did not know what the hell was going on. The undecided "open" end is just another slap for anyone who has to suffer through the rest of this pointless mess. <br /> <br /> Frankly, there are only a few things that strike me as really good. The first is actress Shepard, who has this tall, dark, mysterious beauty of Barbara Steele. There is also an excellent music score (credited to Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and singing songs that have made this film as atmospheric as it is. The work on the sites is pretty decent, but as I said, the pressure is ugly and can not make sense. So be careful.
