In Europe it is known as Who Dares Wins; Known in America as The Final Option, each ridiculous SAS action movie challenges audiences to put aside their unbelief for about two hours. I find it incredibly difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (the hero here) was almost chosen as Roger Moore 's successor in the Bond films. This guy is so expressionless that he would be hard pressed to get a job in a waxworks waxwork !!!) Fortunately, Judy Davis is prepared to partially compensate the matter with a fleshy performance as a hardline terrorist, and there's a ten-minute Action sequence, which is staged quite competently by director Ian Sharp. I would like to add that it is a very, very, very long wait for these final excitements, and I can not honestly say that waiting almost a couple of hours for a bit of decent action was worth the effort. <br /> <br /> SAS Hardman Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins) is among a group of peace demonstrators who want to see the end of nuclear storage. He meets her leader, Frankie (Judy Davis), a strong-talking and opinionated woman who may be able to take extraordinary action to achieve her goals. Frankie's dedicated bundle forcibly besieged the American embassy in London, calling for a nuclear missile to be fired at a naval base in Scotland (she believes that if the world sees a real nuclear bomb, they are all so appalled that they will join the disarmament campaign ). Unfortunately for Frankie, she makes the mistake of taking Skellen with her small embassy attack, and he plans to block her plan from the inside with a little bit of timely outside help from his SAS comrades. <br /> <br /> The film is quite obvious - inspired by the SAS's massive attack on the Iranian embassy in 1981. Someone who had seen this event on the news apparently felt that it was good to design a similar movie. Unfortunately, the film is rather banal, with too many stupid dialogues and a lot of embarrassingly bad scenes (the archbishop's debate turning into a riot, anyone?). Frankie's idea of ​​creating peace through a nuclear attack is ridiculous anyway, so it becomes a ridiculous figure just as the audience is about to consider it an interesting villain. Who Dares Wins is trying to be a celebration of the military legend, the SAS, but at the same time she plunges into awkward action clichés and ill-considered conspiracy. The result is a well-intentioned, but totally ineffective section of Boy's Own Absurdity.
