So this movie was celebrated, glorified and carried to incredible heights. But what is it really in the end? Many of the ways you work for a listening audience on the screen do not work. The fairly academic cinematography leaves the signature veiled, and scenes in ASL are hard to track, even for people who are relatively fluent. The voice interpretation of Matlin's dialogue, under the excuse that Hurt's character "likes the sound of his voice", makes her more and more a strange, distant object in the course of the film. Matlin shines in the few scenes where her signature is not partially hidden. Nevertheless, most of the film, if it is a love story, is only shown from a single point of view, that of the man. As Ebert said, "If a story is about the struggle of two people for the similarities that they will be communicating with, it is not fair to make the entire film just one of them, given the conditions." <br /> <br /> The idea that an orchestra teacher who has been using applied methods for decades in many deaf schools is called "revolutionary" is quite insulting in and of itself. His character is weakened in the course of the film as a credible teacher. Honestly speaking, pulling comedy out of a deaf accent is rather low. And his attitude towards the male students in his class is quite symptomatic of how he seems to behave in women: as a legitimate man. A party scene involving several deaf people, including some academics who meet, seems to be isolating it, in ways that are quite incompatible with its credentials: I have seen interpreters spontaneously switch between them, even if they do no dove person who was in the area had any idea and yet he feels like a fish out of the water in an environment that he had to get used to due to his training. As a lover, he seems to be a typical, nice guy, including his tendency to be curious afterwards. And yet, in fact, the movie is really only seen through it because everything its lover says is filtered through his voice. <br /> <br /> The scenes with the other deaf people are generally wallbangers. The broken symbolism fails, the dance scene, the pool scene, even the initial sleeping scene that is supposed to carry some of it - all those scenes that suggest the isolation of the deaf protagonist are at best broken metaphors: many listening, that people I know Dancing bass beats that make deaf people feel (rather than confuse like chihuahuas), and make an evening dive for a listener is rarely an excuse to make a deep statement on the isolation of deafness (no, seriously) when I go swimming, I go swimming) ... <br /> <br /> It also fails to end the play but instead makes it a story of a deaf woman submitting to a strong man , Even though the original game ended on an equal footing, where both have to accept themselves as they are, and where he finally has to recognize their true voice, the movement of their hands is not the vibrations in their necks. <BR /> <br /> And despite the breakthrough it may have seemed, Marlee Matlin remains Hollywood's deaf deaf wife to this day.
