In most of us, especially men, there is something that admires some really working little towns "real men" populist fare. And Sean Penn serves it with a cherry over it. Hey, many people use Penn as a political whip boy, but I do not rate films or actors / directors based on politics or personality. That's what far-right commentators like the elusive faux-film critic Debbie Schlüssel are doing. I assume that he is one of our best actors and a good director. I think this picture was a simple, aimless filth he has since atoned for. <br /> <br /> Okay, you got the gist of there being this good policeman, a small city soldier, Joe, played by David Morse against the guy who in the opening scene is a guy on a highway in one Village hunts big sixties cars. The villain stops, gets out and shoots him so Joe has to kill him. There was no explanation why this man became so desperately violent, and the dead man's parents made redneck freaks at the police station, while Joe felt deeply saddened and guilty that he had to kill someone. So we know that Joe, the farmer who has forced his country into a cops job, is a good basic type. Then his brother Frank appears, he is a sadistic, amoral tyrant, fresh from the army and from Nam, where the war aroused his blood lust. Some people here and in other reviews just called him an irresponsible hellhounder who had raised younger brother, and Sean tried to say something about what our harsh John Wayne culture and the war is doing to other good people, but what I saw was one amoral, sadistic bully who enjoys hurting and demolishing people. Then there's mom and dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who make the necessary turnaround as an old-fashioned country couple and then die. She through illness and he through suicide of the gun to advance the story for us. Both times, Frank the Evil, is a miserable SOB. But the good Joe brings him out of prison back to Podunksville so that Frank can smooth his life in that it welded bridges and lives with his completely stupid, screaming, trashy pregnant woman. But Joe has a nice woman, played by the Italian actress Valeria Golina, the Mexican woman, and Sean used this exercise as a kind of embellishment positive Goody Joe and his genuine soulfulness with his uniform and his crew cut. For me it was an absolutely senseless positive action that used Sean to polish his tough-guy, as he attracts at the Mexicans, because the Mexicans are so tough and cool. <br /> <br /> But Frank is bad and we get the necessary events, such as stealing a friend's car to rob the gas station by the clerk was beaten over the head, then the car was set on fire and all the cool things that the hell breeders are doing. Then there is the compulsory 8mm film flashback from the childhood of the young Joey, who dutifully moves the lawn. Franky jumps on his back and wrestles him and Yadda Yadda, so we all know what binds them deeply. So the movie meanders around with lots of small town lock to warm the heart of every red stater. Accompanying the film was a great soundtrack from good sixties songs like Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, who were totally unsuited to the effect of the 60s to win the hearts of old hippies. The worst offense is that the song was not included because the movie was inspired by a Springsteen song "The Highway Patrolman". <br /> <br /> So Joe's deadly wife goes into labor and Joe runs to the bar to load up and tell some populist drunks how hard things are while Joey pulls him back to his wife. The bartender is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. Viggo - Frank storms out for no reason and kills his buddy Ceasar to death after good cop Joe leaves the cop. So Joe hunted down his bad brother and I was so hopeful that he would do the right thing and blow this threat to society. Instead, we see a scene where his brother stops in an old lonely street at night in an old '50s Junker in front of him, and little Franky in his cowboy suit and cap-gun climbs out of the car to see good Joe, the boy from the 8mm flashback, watch home movie sequence. Oy, such a mess! Then, to round off this shabby Sap hard, there is a Zen crap about the Indian runner who is a messenger, ala Marshall becomes the message, MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean did a lot better than that, so do not be afraid to miss this one.
