If my memory is right, this movie appeared on its release as a kind of comedy - a funny look at the adult entertainment industry. If it does, it does not really work. It's just not funny. If I put aside this rather meaningful (as this is a comedy!) Failure, since I have no personal knowledge of the subject, I avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - as with the behind-the-scenes action in a Toronto massage. Salon, except that - if this is true - life is pretty boring. <br /> <br /> For more than an hour this movie does not give us much, except a little background on the main characters. Conrad is the newly hired manager of the massage salon whose basic job is to make sure the girls do not "full service" - a euphemism for the actual sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty's goal is to buy her own salon so she can run her own business. Cindy is an illegal immigrant to Canada working to support her family at home, and Leah is - well, Leah is a bit strange, undefined character with a nipple fetish - true - who seems to be in business because - well yes, because she is there! I have no idea what her character was about. These three may well be sensible, composite characters that accurately represent the motives of the women involved in this business. <br /> <br /> The film meanders and does not offer much until Conrad reveals "the turn" of evil. We should have reached this point earlier. The only really interesting thing was this part of the story - Conrad's secret plan and the girl's planned revenge. This plan for revenge has been pretty good, and you're grateful if it comes out because you're wondering why you wasted your time with it. If the story had been more revenge-oriented, it might have been a pretty funny movie. <br /> <br /> The 4 leads were all fine, though I did not think anybody was outstanding. All four characters were a bit flat. Cindy was a sympathetic figure, and Conrad for a while, even though he turned out to be the evil of the movie. Given the theme, there is surprisingly little nudity (and what is confined to one scene.) In fact, there is even a certain innocence. As far as the overall quality of the film is concerned, this is a budget on a low budget, which, although you expect, I think, a certain grimness from a movie that plays in the context of a body rub salon, shows that this is forgivable is. It certainly says something that was released eight years ago and is still the only recognition for the biography of author and director Soo Lyu - and given the normal lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - that it was not even worthy of everyone Genie Awards nominated - the Canadian version of the Oscars. 4/10 - and I'm a bit generous with it.
