I recently caught a stinking bomb from a movie on a cable channel, and was reminded how awful I thought it was in 1980 when it was first released. Many reviewers are not old enough to remember the hype surrounding this movie and the fight between Stanley Kubrick and Steven King. The hugely popular novel had many legions of fans eager to see a supposed "master" director bring this multi-layered supernatural story to the screen. "Salem's Lot" was already ruined in the late 70's as a TV miniseries directed by Tobe Hooper (he was known by "Texas Chainsaw Massacre") and was treated badly, making the book's biggest villain into a "Chiller Theater." "Transformed" Vampire with no real threat, destroying the whole premise, fans hoped that a director of Kubrick's stature would succeed where Hooper failed, it did not happen. <br /> <br /> Certainly "This movie looks great and has a great opening sequence, but after those few successes, it's all downhill." "Jack Nicholson can not be anything but Jack Nicholson, he's always crazy and has nothing to do with his role here. that many reviewers here think that he has everything in this clinker, the "Here's Johnny!" In spite of everything ... he is just terrible in this movie, and so is everyone else, the character of Scatma Crothers, Dick Halloran, was essential to the plot of the book, but Kubrick puts him in one of the lankest "shock" sequences ever made. I remember the audience in the theater where I saw that, as I booed over and over again in the last 45 minutes of this unfortunate movie. Those who stayed are ... many are left. Kings books never actually translate well to film, because so many stories are internal to his characters and often metaphysical. Kubrick rejected the tension between the living and the dead in favor of the style, and the resulting confusion ends so far from the original material that we ultimately do not care what happens to whom. <br /> <br /> This movie still stinks and why so many think it's a horror masterpiece, I do not care.
