WARNING: This review contains SPOILERS. Do not read if you do not want some points revealed to you before you watch the movie. <br /> <br /> In one cast you wonder if the actors and actresses know exactly what they're getting into. Have you seen the script and said, "Hey, close encounters of the third kind were such a hit that this one can not fail." Unfortunately it does. Did you even think about looking at the director's proof? Would you make a movie with the director of a movie called "Satan's Cheerleaders"? Greydon Clark, who later led the infamous "Final Justice," did so. One wonders how the people of Mystery Science Theater could hammer 'Final Justice' 3000 and miss 'The Return' altogether. <br /> <br /> The film is set in a small town in New Mexico. A little boy and a girl are left unattended on the street one night when a strong flash of lightning appears. A spaceship appears and hovers over them. In the film's probably worst special effect sequence, the ship spits a kind of red ink on it. It looked like Clark had kept a cup of water out of the camera lens and dipped his leaky pen in it so you would be treated with cheese right away. In any case, the ship leaves and the adults do not believe the children. Elsewhere we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I consider a great actor (look at his scenes in Ghost to prove they're outstanding), who plays a prospector or what I called him, the 1949 Miner. He steps out of the cave where he is and he and his dog are dyed from the ship. Twenty-five years pass, and the girl has grown into Cybill Shepherd, who studies unusual weather phenomena with her father, Raymond Burr. Or something like that. Shepherd finds strange phenomena in satellite images of this small town in New Mexico, and she travels there to explore them. Once they get there, they harass the local ranchers and blame them for the recent cattle mutilations that have taken place, and Deputy Jan-Michael Vincent comes to their rescue. From that point on, the movie really fades as the two fall into each other quickly, especially after Vincent turned the locals away from the locals and informed Shepherd that he was the little boy who had seen the ship at 25 years earlier. During this boring chaos, Vincent Schiavelli runs around with his killer dog at his side and kills the cattle and all the people he encounters with an unusual object. You know that the glowing plastic sticks that sell stores on Halloween are the kind you shake to make them shine? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of these glow sticks to burn people. It is the second worst effect in the movie. Every time Schiavelli is on the screen with the glow stick, the atmosphere of the scene suddenly darkens, as if the filmmakers thought the glow stick needed this improvement. In the end, the movie looks even cheaper than it is. <br /> <br /> And what causes this? It's hard to tell when the last confusing scene will arrive. Burr and his team of scientists are trying to explain the satellite images found by Shepherd as a kind of business card, but none of that makes sense. Why do not Shepherd and Vincent and Schiavelli age? Schiavelli explains why he kills cattle and humans and why he wants to see Shepherd dead, but even that makes no sense if you really think about it. I mean, why is not he killing Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he had 25 years to do it. And the aliens do not need him if Shepherd is dead anyway. So why try to kill her? Speaking of aliens: It's never clear what they really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What is your goal? Why are they waiting so long to intervene? How could they be so sure that Shepherd would come back? Not that the answer to one of these and other questions would have made "The Return" more enjoyable. You still have bad lines, really bad acting, especially by shepherd, cheesy effects and bad direction. Luckily, the stars escaped from this movie. Cybill Shepherd soon starred in "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent went on to see dozens of B films, often in overwhelming proportions. Raymond Burr shot a bunch of TV movies by Perry Mason until his death. Vincent Schiavelli has become a great character actor in a variety of films. Martin Landau, who played a crazy police officer, quickly made the terrific "Alone in the Dark" and the terrible "The Being" before rolling into the films he recently became famous for. You can bet that none of these stars ever want his career to return to The Return. Zantara's score: 2 out of 10.
