If Rodney Dangerfield plays a role, he's weird. He does not matter in My 5 Wives. The timing of the one-liners has expired, but they are the best for the movie. The five women who play the wives do not count to a full actress. The plot is very weak. Even the premise is pretty weak; There are a few jokes about several wives, but the situation has little to do with anything else in the film. Most movies could be played the same way, even if Rodney's character had only one wife. The premise seems more like an old man's imagination than an important part of the comedy. Another man's fantasy: We assume that Rodney's character is an athletic skier. Jerry Stiller seems to be telephoning in his role just to do a favor to a buddy and the rest of the name actor just need to be desperate for work. <br /> <br /> The odd nod of political correctness later in the film does not do anything for the movie. For those who like their films politically correct, non-PC humor is still there in the first place, and the apparent excuses for it are still not straightforward. For those who hate having a film drowned in political correctness, the PC add-ins are just annoying distractions. <br /> <br /> This must be the mildest R-rated movie I have ever seen. There are some raging jokes, and the bedroom scenes made a shocking television 40 years ago, but that's about it. Maybe it was the topless men (joking). The DVD contains interviews in which the actors seem to find depth and meaning in this film and its roles. I was always wondering if they were serious or a joke. They seem to be serious, but I always thought, "You must joke!" There is also a special disclaimer that suggests that the film never mentions the Mormons or the Latter-day Saint church that it's somehow not about them. Do not forget that the film in Utah contains a polygamous religion and refers to Brigham Young. <br /> <br /> In short: My 5 women were a disappointment. I had hoped that Rodney would play a role, but the best thing I can say for the movie is that Rodney looked pretty good for a man who was pushing the '80s at the time.
