I'm a big fan of Lucio Fulci. Many of his giallo and splatter films are among my favorites of all time, but this film produced for the TV movie is extremely unsurpassed and not what I expected from the great Italian director. The film is neither interesting, like some of Fulcis' more tame Giallos, or bloody like most of his cult classics; So it lacks in both major areas and ultimately ensures that the film is not very good. The film is based on an action that has been used many times, but it is still an idea that always has the chance to tell an interesting story just because it focuses on the theme of the beyond, which is ultimately unknown. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; A man who is not popular and after having died from an obvious stomach bleeding, there are not many people who are sad to see him go. This means that his mind is trapped somewhere between life and life after death, and so he decides to try to get to the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this endeavor is his daughter. The video I watched this movie proudly announces that the movie is "in the style of HP Lovecraft," and that's one of the most obvious attempts to sell a movie I've ever seen. There is nothing reminiscent of the great horror writer in this story, and the reason for this slogan seems to be similar to Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft's "From Beyond", which is much better. The film benefits from a decidedly Italian style and the rating is pretty good. Unfortunately, Fulci has considered it right to roast every scene positively - and so the topic quickly gets annoying. The plot takes place in a really boring way, and most scenes simply involve the mind desperately trying to find things, or the daughter suspecting her family members. This movie was made for Italian television, so it's not surprising that everything is pretty tame. There is a bit of blood and a nightmare sequence with zombies; But these are not the fulci we all know and love. Overall, this film is very mediocre and not a good representation of the talents of Fulci. It's not worth it to deal with, unless you're a Fulci executor.
