Now I myself am a lover of the B-movie genre, but this trash insulted me without end. In the film, Lizzy McGuire's brother is primarily seen as an annoying little kid looking for his lost three-legged dog. Well, please, what a stupid ass confuses a three-legged dog for a goddam mutant crocodile? And here's another reason to think. Why do you show that the dinocroc on the back of the film box is huge and actually lies in the water? I think if the memory served, the thing spent about 2.6 minutes in the water and was just under six feet tall, that was a heartbreaker. But the extinction of the qualities in this film was that it was so bad that I almost died laughing because I believe that the bad acting wished me to die. However, the fact remains that this thing is being re-created by another military test site to train supercrocodiles for military combat or something similar from the source of all evil E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget the characters, we see that we have # 1 as a male lead and half decent chick (who does not know how to behave) as a female lead to what I say: WOW! The only thing worse than acting was the end. Of course, the heroes spent about two hours chatting and planning a long, elaborate method to kill the dinocroc, only to fail and kill it in a normal manner that would have cost about 15 seconds to get. All in all, with his random operatic music in the background and the fact that he was probably the gayest of CGI monsters ever made, the film was, of course, insensible to bullets and bombs, beyond Gay beyond are made for the military DUH!). By far the best scene was when Lizzy McGuire's brother pushed into the hut and the dinocroc eats him up, causing his head to fall away with a popping sound that I could add. I think it would be better for you to shoot between the eyes than to see Dinocroc. As far as the director is concerned, I think we should get a lot of people to hang him on a noose, and they all step by turns, because we've wasted an hour and a half of our lives, until he dies and I can go on Life.
