"Plan B" is strictly according to the number except for one thing. I found it surprisingly rather offensive. <br /> <br /> Jon Cryer is the "star" of this movie and plays his usual, smarmy, selfish, snotty character, who was actually appealing in "Pretty In Pink" and has not been funny ever since. The grid does not even describe its performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blonde, fighting actor who (gasps!) Cares only about his hair and his embarrassment. Talk about a stock character ... ugh. At least the other three characters are a bit captivating. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a down-to-earth, optimistic, caring couple who are struggling to get pregnant. Since they are not tiny drama queens, their roles are apparently considered boring and they are not given enough screen time. Sara Mornell completes the cast by playing Gina, her usual nice and good-looking young woman who just does not seem to find the right amorous partner. I have seen this figure a million times, but its performance overcomes at least some deficits caused by the predictability of their situation. <br /> <br /> What surprised me about this movie was its youthful promotion of stereotypes. They introduced a Russian figure just to mock her and to make fun of the way he talks. He was portrayed as savage, ignorant and surprisingly shallow. They were just warmed up to have the usual bullshit. Gina decides to be gay for a while, as she has no luck with boys. Honestly. That was not so bad except that they really went overboard when Gina brought a lesbian to a Christmas party that her friends had thrown. Her lesbian date had very short hair (as I'm sure all lesbians do it). She was also pretty excited (as I'm sure all lesbians do) when Gina had the courage to put on lipstick (!). After all, her date is about the party that almost every woman meets there. She stops when Gina expresses her disappointment. Of course we all know that gays can not stay loyal for a few hours or less, right? (Please note the sarcasm in this statement.) Thank you. <br /> <br /> This movie is based on a tired and predictable premise, but Cryer's unusual performance in combination with idiotic stereotyping leads to a deeper depth from the cinema. 2.10
