Imagine filmmakers removing all the action and excitement of adapting a James Bond novel to a movie to make them child-friendly. Or if a television producer told Chris Rock he would not know about it, so that his specials could be classified as a PG. In the same way, the director of the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes" has overcome the excitement and thrill of favoring the melodrama for a younger audience. This created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book. To try to make the story of "Something Wicked This Way Comes" easier for children, the filmmakers eliminated the theme of "good and evil" that exists in everyone as well as the good that always overwhelms evil. This is reflected in Will's character transformation, Charles Halloway's rescue of Jim and the defeat of the carnival. <br /> <br /> Will's transformation into a more adventurous boy was muted in the movie. The scene where the Dust Witch visits Will's house with a balloon was cut out of the movie. Instead, a green mist follows Jim and Will home, giving them the same evil dream of the witch and her spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Will has begun to overcome his fear of doing something himself. He climbs onto the roof of a neighbor and tears the balloon with a bow to defeat the witch. "Sorry, dad, he thought and sat up smiling, this time I'm alone," Will decides as he introduces himself to her (147.) Removing this scene from the movie prevents us from understanding that Will more becomes adventurous. The film shows us many examples in which Will is afraid to follow Jim, but never gets as curious as his friend. In the book, Will has both a good, quiet side and a "bad", daring side like his Jim. In the film, every boy has only one mindset that destroys Bradbury, that in each person both good and evil are present. In the book, Will rescues Jim because of his friendship, but in the film, Charles Halloway rescues Jim to repay Jim's father. Will pulls Jim out of the carousel in Bradbury's novel because he does not want his best friend growing up without him. It's the goodness in Will, the fact that he cares about his friend, who saves Jim from the evil curse of the carnival. On the carousel, Jim gestured "his other hand free to follow the wind that was part of him, the little white part that still remembered their friendship" (269). This shows that Jim still had something good, which has the potential to defeat evil. But when Charles Halloway rescues Jim in the movie, he does it to pay back the debt he owes to Jim's father, who saved Will when he was a little boy. By changing the motivation to save Jim, the filmmakers have ruined Bradbury's original idea that it's good to win against evil. At the end of the film, the carnival is hit by a tornado and a bolt of lightning instead of the victory smiles and laughs. When the book is over, Mr. Dark turns into a little boy, and Charles Halloway smiles and laughs at him so much that he can not stand it and evaporates. In Bradbury's world, evil people feed on fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love. His message is that the good will always rules over evil, but only when that goodness is expressed outwardly. "Good for evil seems evil," says Charles Halloway as he holds on to the dying Mr. Dark. "So I'm only going to do you good, Jed, I'll just hold you and watch you poison yourself" (275). In the movie, Mr. Dark is the only one still on the carousel when a flash of lightning strikes and he dies. By eliminating the weapon of laughter and smiles, the filmmakers mean that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat the evil, as if the lightning hits only those who are bad. This eliminates the main theme of Bradbury's book, namely that doing good to others prevents evil. The good can always triumph over evil, but trying to make movies more child-friendly will always force filmmakers to skip some of the books they're based on. In the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes" Will Will not Transform, Will's friendship does not save Jim, and a smile and a laugh will not defeat the carnival. As a result, the filmmakers have left out too many key points from Bradbury. Too often, the process of adapting a book to a movie ruins the world that the author has established. In the case of this story, Bradbury's frightening world of opposing forces of good and evil has been reduced to a lighter version of itself.
