Before I start, you need to know that I'm a big fan of Sonny Chiba's movies. His biographical series about the life of his master Mas Oyama were amazing and were among the best martial arts films ever made, as well as most of his street fighter films. The action was virtually non-stop and with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (whoever you ask), he was the greatest martial artist in the 70's to be shot in the movie. Because they are so good, I've watched at least 15 of his films and recently bought more (which I'm watching). Unfortunately, despite my love for these films, I am not a deranged zombie who so admires the man that I rate EVERY movie with a 10. There are a few reviews like this one on IMDb, and I really think anyone who gives this movie a 10 should be ignored, since this is such a bad movie from a technical point of view and is not close to the best Work of Chiba. A score of 10 is not a real rating - it's a zombie fan trying to make a statement about Chiba, not this movie! As I said, technically this movie is awful. Part of it was the result of my announcement of the American version with its irrelevant prologue and bad synchronization. However, most of the problem would persist in the original Japanese print. The camera work is just cruel - as it was made by chimpanzees (intelligent chimpanzees, but still chimpanzees). Often, much of the quick martial arts action is missed, because the camera is so slow or the heads of the actors are cut off because of low production. And again and again, the camera pans in and out like a new toy used by an idiot, and the editing is more than miserable - with cuts that are random and confusing. <br /> <br /> I do not know if the score is original or not - but it was also very, very bad. A bit like acid rock from 1970 mingled badly with Ennio Morricon's "Spaghetti Western" music - it was annoying, distracting and just stupid. <br /> <br /> As far as the martial arts action is concerned, I think chimpanzees do it. The choreography would have improved things a bit. Instead of the great fight scenes you would look forward to in a Chiba movie, the fights are too short and are often overlooked by the camera !! What you have left is the story ... and this is just the worst part of the movie! It's supposed to be an anti-drug movie starring Sonny Chiba as ... Sonny Chiba! And when the movie starts, he wants to destroy the drug trade in Japan. But the mafia (who is not a single member that looks Italian but is ALL Japanese) promises to stop Chiba. And when a woman comes to Chiba with promises to give him information on how to destroy the drug trade, she agrees to help her and risk his life without any conditions - even if she's NEVER on the offensive - towards him say what she knows! In fact, it later turns out that she's just trying to use Chiba to protect her while she's selling a huge portfolio of cocaine - and he's still trying to protect her !! That does not make any sense at all, and throughout the movie, it seems they're just filming the movie without a script - for example, when they went to bars and brothels and Chiba walked around like he was drunk. > <br /> So, if it was that bad, why does it deserve a 3? First of all, there are many more dreadful marital art films (such as many Hong Kong movies in the 1970s) - including a gorilla-clad guy doing Kung Fu and their handlers with 3-foot tongues they're fighting for (now is it bad). Second, although the action is very poor compared to other Sonny Chiba films, compared to their contemporaries, it is not so bad. Still, you could certainly be a lot better than this awful little movie. By the way, if you're wondering if this is the worst Sonny Chiba movie, it sure is not the case! In one of his first films, INVASION OF THE NEPTUNE MEN, Chiba plays a jersey-wearing superhero who fights with pointed-headed invaders from the planet Neptune. It's so bad it's like PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE and THEY SAEDED HITLER'S BRAIN because of fearlessness. One last note to the parents - Like most Sonny Chiba movies, this movie is very violent and has its share of boobies Do not let little kids watch this, no matter how much they beg! Let them wait until they are older, before you see them see pitifully rated martial arts films!
