The best thing you can say about this movie is that if you are a fan of Sonny Chiba, this movie will give you a lot of it. Chiba gives speeches; Chiba is posing Chiba mocks; Chiba stares at the camera; Chiba beats and pushes the living sushi out of a bunch of baddies; Chiba sits on sofas and chairs and looks thoughtful; Chiba drives his car ... <br /> <br /> I like Chiba as an actor and martial artist ... but even for a Chiba fan, this movie may have a bit too much Sonny Chiba. It's obviously something of a vanity vehicle for him. And no, I would not classify "Street Fighter" in the same category because in "SF" he plays a ruthless, amoral anti-hero and shares the camera with a fascinating group of friends and enemies. Here he is almost always in front and in the middle, trying to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee. Toshiro Mifune and Chow Yun Fat could not do this for the duration of an entire feature film, and Sonny's just finishing his reception somehow. At least he could have changed his suit occasionally. <br /> <br /> The film is further confused by a wholly unsatisfactory and maligned introductory sequence (which was apparently mounted on the front of the movie for the cinema) American version) and a goofy applause "(" Viva !! Chiba !! Viva !! Chiba !!), which puts things on the wrong foot. There are some amazingly amateurish and inappropriate synchronizations - Sonny (or his usual English stand-in) does not seem to mind singing the vocals for the American version, so they got a bit of a bad mood with a completely different and smoother voice is pretty shocking from the face that we all know and love about "Street Fighter". <br /> <br /> Despite all these shortcomings and overexposure, this might still be a small classic, but the camera work and fighting scenes are hopelessly cheesy. I'm ready to believe that karate actually works when someone is as amazing as Chiba's character is, but the director and cameraman usually hacked into battle scenes with a weed whacker and mostly worked on it. It's not all bad: There are some decent recordings and compositions, and there's at least one memorable and nightmarish moment when the bad guys appear in a truly original way in the client's bedroom. <br /> <br /> And as for the real story ... forget it. For a "bodyguard" Chibas character is something of an idiot. The script depends on his mistakes and neglects that keep him (and his "client") in dangerous situations over and over again, so that he can fight them out, and after 30 minutes, it's even a very credible verdict, this guy believe should be good. (Plus, if his character really was out to destroy the Japanese drug trade, he would have taken his client into the script for ten minutes and shaken her until her teeth rattled like a castanet until she shed her little secrets ... and a whole A lot of pointless death and conflict would have been avoided.) <br /> <br /> Overall, though, this movie is far from the cask. It's still Sonny Chiba, and it's still fun to watch. I paid a dollar to get the cheap DVD rack off bargain hunting at a local megamarket, and I think it's worth taking a look.
