This is undoubtedly one of the worst martial arts films I've ever seen, and that says something. The title of viva Chiba, viva Chiba, can be heard in the title. Soon you will chant to yourself stupid and stupid. The basic story is that the mafia is running drugs to Japan and a man is urging vowels to stop them. Of course this is our man Sonny Chiba. The karate master offers his service to anyone who can give information about the drug lords. A woman steps forward and becomes a bodyguard, but what are her true intentions? Let me say at this point, who cares? Soon we will be treated or tortured by a series of badly choreographed fights and a lame act that is getting more and more laughable at every moment. Sonny finally clears the bad guys with his karate skills, end of story. Oh yes, the woman was also corrupt. Congratulations, you may have just seen the funniest movie of all time. <br /> <br /> As mentioned, this is one of the worst Martial Arts movies I have ever seen. What makes it half-important to see how bad a movie can be made. Some have already mentioned the notorious American intro that was included in the movie. This is probably the most entertaining part of the movie and it's more than funny. I'd admit it's worth seeing, just to see how lame the 1970's car scene was back then. Watch Aaron Banks hang a guy on his nuts and then punch a fat student (bad guy) in the neck. But in this movie, everything is done badly. Terrible, incredible fights, fakes, I mean, bad blood, bad acting, dubbing, wardrobe and history not forgotten. A man who solves a whole drug problem in one country? I bet. Battle for battle is ridiculous. These were the 70s when people still believed that karate was effective in a fight, but Chiba takes it to a new level, with some of the nonsense published in this movie. Let's see, he kicks a gun in half, a guy so hard that looks like his dentures fall out, and if he chops the bottle scene, give me a break. Not to mention that it's very hard to tell what's going on in the fights because it's so badly filmed. One part that was amusing was when he broke the guy's arm through the door, giving him a compound break. OK. During the action, we are treated with drops of blood, really fake blood. To say it looked bad and understatement. Acting is absolutely absent in this movie. I do not expect much from a movie of this caliber anyway, as long as the action is good, but it was not like that and the synchronization is extremely bad as expected. Was it my imagination or did you baptize the Asian Go Go dancer with a black accent? As you would expect from a '70s wardrobe, you'll laugh in pricks and laugh at some of the trends and kinky women who champion the unfounded nudity these flicks bring. Why should the mafia be so obvious and everywhere the black trench coat is covered all the time? Do not try to hide it now. The characters were stupid too. The Pimp club owner, one dressed in a Japanese pimp suit and the other with a boring head, looks like a fat hippie. One last thing that bothered me throughout the movie was the terrible music with a woman doing whaling. It was very annoying. Overall, this is a terrible movie of both martial arts standards and good filmmaking. That does not mean it's not entertaining. With a movie that has been made so bad, it's hard not to laugh at most of the movie if you can stand it. This was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it were just bad, I would give a star, but the laughter brings it out. 4 out of 10.
