Lil Bush is a 30-minute animated series that consists of 2 15-minute episodes on Comedy Central. It takes place in a fictional, cartoon-like Washington DC and focuses on the satirical, childlike portrayals of George W. Bush, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also satirized in the same way and act as secondary characters. The pilot of the little Bush, much to the expectations of this commentator, turned out to be rather superficial and esoteric production, which can hardly hold its main promise: a satirical view of the current presidential administration. While it's fair to say that the premise of the show has some merit, it's hard to imagine that a show based almost entirely on a single political person's insult will survive to continue producing episodes after the end of their term to be described as sloppy and in the worst case downright horrible has tarnished the low potential of the show. <br /> <br /> Lil Bush, which can be technically classified as "satire", tends to ignore its disregard for the actual use of the comedy's special tool to achieve its goals in exceptionally vulgar (but not particularly original, entertaining or funny) ways to lamb. The consistently weak writing of the show is often little more than recording Bush / Cheney jokes soberly heard, all housed in a single 30-minute television block. Most of the jokes the writers presented were shameless clichés, some of which had been in public transport for more than six years. For example, a comparison of the vice president to Darth Vader may have been funny for the first 300 times heard in the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno Monologue / Late Night Talk Show - understood, but here it is not funny. As if that were not enough, the show's actions simply seem to exist as a means of promoting the same old, annoying Bush jokes that made the authors the centerpiece of the program. <br /> <br /> In defense of the show: If writers dare to write in a genuinely original joke (which seems to be a rarity), that's often humorous. If the show broadened its depth and brought their characters into new situations, then exotic situations would be more like the same old mistakes and "swamp ramparts" perpetuated by the Bush administration, so they do not have to rely on the same old Bush Leaving jokes The show can always be considered tolerable and possibly even innovative. Ultimately, it is difficult to determine which deficit most damages the Lil Bush series; there is a clear lack of originality and poor writing quality or his painfully narrow-minded ambitions. It is reasonable to expect that Lil Bush can sustain a small base of leftist fans, that is, if they can endure the exceptionally bad writing; As long as the program continues to gloss over the Bush administration. Nevertheless, the majority of viewers will soon recognize the program as what it really is, a weak and senselessly vulgar attempt at satire, and in search of some more intellectual appeal. The price may be right.
