Carnosaur 3 is bad ... terribly bad. Bad to the point where it's funny. No matter how much I try to convince myself, I just can not believe that anyone in this world could find it entertaining for grave reasons. I mean, come on, the cover is bad, too! OK, the special effects are absolutely ridiculous. These "carnosaurs" are really ridiculous. A scientist tells the soldiers that they move incredibly fast, but when you see them running, they walk at the speed of an actor in a rubber suit trying to run as much as possible. And the explosions are funny (there's no other word to describe it). At the beginning, a bullet hits a jeep after a guy says, "What was that?" ... and the other explosions are also ridiculous. Worst of all, however, is the script and the so-called story. You do not expect a good story (or, I do not think anyone who lends this movie, expecting a good movie), but at least the story has to try to make sense. I mean, how hard is it to make a story about dinosaurs that at least kill humans coherently. Incredibly hard, if you look at that. Oh, and if you think it's easy to make credible commands to your characters, tell the writers of this horrible, terrible bitch. I mean, which sick person would make cheap jokes after one of his friends is dead? And they do a lot of it. And if you think that a movie about killing soldiers by dinosaurs can only be action-packed, WAKE UP !!! This movie is incredibly boring. The carnosaurs (who actually invented this lame name already?) Attack (in boring action sequences where you do not see much). The soldiers think about how to beat them (in hilarious scenes where they really seriously try to be serious, but do not even seem to convince for a second). So they attack the carnosaurs, but their idea does not work (another ridiculous action sequence). Back to planning (with a few lame jokes) in another ridiculous scene. And that goes on and on and on. And let's not forget the acting, which is just as convincing as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh okay, this movie is just from A to Z. <br /> <br />
