OK, I had bigger hopes for this Carnosaur movie just because it seemed like the sequels got better as they came out. I liked Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I thought this was newer, so it must be better, right? Well ... I quickly learned that I was wrong. I was very confused with the casting. They brought Rick Dean for another spotlight character and Michael MacDonald as police officers. Well, for Rick Dean lol, in Carnosaur 2, I thought he was pretty good in the role and not really annoyed. Now in Carnosaur 3 they have used him as an elite soldier. Now we are stupid here. Actually, the movie started pretty well with a decent firefight and dinosaurs escaping from the small freezers, but as soon as the Scott Valentines team showed up, we had a mix of a romantic comedy with very funny performances with retarded and limp dinosaurs br /> < br /> I start with the birds of prey, they had pulled their tails down the floor, and in the second they were in the air, which looked more like a dinosaur that can reach up to 50-60 mph. Now, as they ran, they moved back and forth and their heads did not move at all. The hands were flattened everywhere and since they were badly shot by the director, they looked stupid and inappropriate. <br /> <br /> The T-Rex was extremely pathetic, and it would be better if he were the one from the previous 2 movies. At least that looked a bit scary. The one in this movie looked like she was smiling all the time. The walking legs were hilarious, as if it were John Wayne in the Old West, all stiff-legged and so on. LOL another thing I noticed is that the hands did not move, they were stuck next to his body so that it looked and sounded (god, the sound effects were terrible) !!! If I were the director and realized I had to work with it, maybe I would try a little harder to hide the wrong fact. For the rest of the movie, this was the sloppiest and loudest military team I've ever seen. The weapons they used made no sense to the scenario. They even had an arm-wrestling scene in the warehouse where the carnosaurs roamed, now I was tickled about the scene, thinking that while this stupidity was going on, the dinos would go in there and cause harm. Instead, the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time. I want to consider this movie as the three henchmen of dinosaur movies. You've held back military-backed dinosaurs and a backward scenario, and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend the day observing. Now I can not say that I would not see that, actually I do it to everyone to watch this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It may seem like I'm scolding, but I really do make this movie the way it is. It's really fun to watch because as you watch this, you think to yourself, "Did the director really do that seriously?"
