I really can not see the actual value of this movie. It's not bad enough to be hilarious. There is no sleaze or unfounded nudity (though there were many occasions). There is no wound. There's no excitement in the first hour of the movie as there are plenty of scenes where tourists party and play natives funky tribal music. The last part was in many cases actually funny: you see these natives beating congas and "jembés" and that is indeed what you hear (badly dubbed) on the soundtrack. But they have also included this funky bass line in the soundtrack. Where was the bassist? At some point, the natives get angry and start killing the tourists. Why suddenly? That's because the evil whites build this tourist complex, which, according to its myth, aroused the wrath of the goddess of the river goddess (I actually missed the explanation for it). But the natives helped a few months to build the tourist complex, so why the sudden rage? And how the hell did they manage to push the helicopter into the water? It's all stupid and pointless. This movie also shows the thinnest African American model I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Once, our heroic couple visit this cave, where a crazy, crazy old man lives. The only point of this scene is that they make the "shocking" discovery that the killer crocodile is indeed an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It's big, it's made of plastic and it eats people. Same for all of me. The alligator is a pretty stupid creation. It is very stiff and motionless and does not even beat your feet when swimming. The eyes do not even move when taken in close-up. I guess they did not know animatronics in 1979 in Italy. There are also many pointless interim shots of native wildlife. I suppose it's stock footage. <br /> <br /> As I said, the first lesson was pretty lame and the only reason I did not turn off the movie was because my cat slept in my lap and I did not. I do not want to wake the sweet thing , But the last half hour of the movie got better. Finally, we see some action as the alligator swims through a horde of panicked people snapping their teeth and chewing on them. The most entertaining (and funniest) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive a delivery van over a bridge and break it down. We look at a matchbox version of the van here. Funny. But shot nice. In fact, there are several other beautiful camera shots. Surprising for this type of movie. I wanted to put out some stupid details about the end of the movie, but I do not want to spoil it completely if you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to see a decent alligator movie, check out Lewis Teagues ALLIGATOR. I admit it's not Italian or JAWS rip-off, but it's definitely more fun. And if you are interested in other films by director Sergio Martino, then I recommend you the extremely entertaining 2019: AFTER THE FALL OF NEW YORK. This is an exaggerated rip-off of any post-apocalyptic future-of-doom movie. "Italians" and "rip off", two words that fit very well together.
