Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the best undervalued American actors of our time, and it was interesting to see him play his role as a police officer in the case of a child serial killer. Most of the films have always made Hopper into a psychotic threat that threatened to blow things up or make a murder pass, but in this film, Hopper tried his best to maintain that intensity and emotion while wearing a shield. After being involved in the plot of the movie, I was addicted, but it was only the little things that ultimately killed the movie. <br /> <br /> The concept of the movie is great - not only are the cops moving to catch the killer, but we get a chance to see the gangsters catch the killer. The subplot of the football stadium is somehow ridiculous, but necessary to involve the gangsters in the murder hunt. <br /> <br /> That's about all the best you can say about the movie. Although Hopper tried to behave like a tough, seasoned street smart cop, I can not help believing that his acting was below average, and there was not enough conviction that he was really tied to the case. The director was also terrible - she did not feel like a real movie, but rather a TV movie production. This is most evident when the gangsters meet for the first time to form an elite team to hunt down the killer. When the leading gangster shoots at the other musty gangster in slow motion, the spectacle was faint, predictable, and terribly restless. At that point, I knew that the action would be cruel in the first place. <br /> <br /> The camera was a bit moody, and the scenes or haunting images of the killer's little sister had no real effect. If it was scary, it was not like that. Everyone was terrible and even for Hopper I did not feel like his character, and I just did not care about his relationship with his daughter. <br /> <br /> The last thing that bothered me most is the swat team. When I saw the Swat team in action, I finally thought of something good. But I was wrong. At first, the entire Swat team consisted of 4 guys. That's just impossible. Apparently, the Swat team is apparently not trained at all, because they often carry their HKA4 submachine guns with one hand. If the killer hid himself with a gun near the stairs, those four idiots would have been blown up because they did not even aim at anything or wanted to pay close attention. They both should have had hands on the gun, aiming forwards, but it just looks like they are not taking the job seriously and just looking around. 3. SWAT team members do not yell orders like "keep your eyes open, pay attention to yourself, we're good to go ... etc." In fact, they use hand signals or have radios. But they literally scream at each other - how can you catch the killer if he can hear you're coming ??? And as a coronation, the boys have no plan - they seem to run up and down and go wild turkey hunting. In the end, they do nothing. That was the last straw. I'm not a specialist for special forces, but what I've just outlined is pretty reasonable. If the audience knows the movie is awful, the action becomes the lifesaver of the movie - if you can not even try to make the action great, the movie is lost. <br /> <br /> I give 2 stars for the concept, but the rest can not be credited. If you want to see a thriller, do not worry. There are many crimes in the movie - but it lacks the thrill.
