The antitrust law falls into the category of films, the aim of the collection of considerable value and remain completely flattened. I do not hate the movie, but it lacks important elements like tension. There were other attempts to make an exciting film about computers like Hackers and The Net. They are all too short. The unlikely end of The Net and Antirust seems almost identical. These movie ends suffer from a major misperception in perception: The people in the PC business have this cocky self-ego, which assumes that the general population lives, and waits to hear the latest news on PC and software. I have worked for many companies and industries, and all seem to suffer from an expanded view of their own self-importance, just like this movie. <br /> <br /> The introduction of the plotting lines was pitiful. Milo, who is mortally allergic to sesame, almost takes one out of a restaurant bread basket that has passed the line of stupidity. Only his "girlfriend" prevented him from certain death. One wonders how Milo could survive as long as he could and defy the dangers of Big Mac buns and sesame seed breadsticks while wrapping themselves as ... sesame seed bread sticks and Big Mac rolls /> The antitrust law is not particularly exciting. The patterned and predictable plots of the plot are easily found out long before they are revealed (well, was anyone REALLY stunned when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Destroying any real shock. And here we have another movie / story where the bad guys chase the good guys to get the record. We need a moratorium on this simple-Simon plotline for about 20 years. Nevertheless, I continued. The end might be the payout, but no. The utterly ridiculous end to which we have the head of corporate security, another supposedly malicious guy, will be turned over and the good guy that enables Milo to bring down the CEO of N. U.R.V, Gary Winston, was ridiculous. And of course, the coverage of the arrest of Gary Winston is more feverish than the detention of Hinckley or Oswald. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard cutout of the same character Robbins played on Arlington Road. But that fits in perfectly with antitrust, which should be called "anti-climactic" or "anti-original". In the coming years, this movie is likely to be banned and only shown on your local movie UHF third-rate channel.
