When I sat down to watch this movie, I actually expected a good deal, as the plot takes on rather complicated topics. The use of football as a launch pad for the complication was also an interesting approach. Despite his courageous handling of controversial issues such as cultural conflicts between Muslim and Western cultures that lead to generational conflicts and prejudice against gays / lesbians, unfortunately, with a rather simplified relief, you are letting film down the entire conflict situation. This leads me to believe that the creators have taken on too great a task and have tried to go deeper than they have done. <br /> <br /> However, this does not mean that the movie is directly bad, as it reflects the conflicts quite believably and also amusingly. The film manages to get involved in this matter and to entertain, but as mentioned above, the authors seem to have spun a little too deeply. This has led to a rather unrealistic behavior of the characters towards the end of emerging conflicts. This dropped the ball at a time when the creators really showed brilliance, bringing the movie to another level of appreciation. <br /> <br /> Even though the film never really tries to be a profound piece of drama, the shot has so much potential in the plot that it disappoints when "the ball falls". In this way, the movie turns from a good and reflective comedy to a standard cliché that becomes ridiculous in the happy ending. Nothing is left out of Hollywood like an end. Even if the story is interesting and you can take advantage of the many montages, you can not help but rolling your eyes to the resolution. Personally, I was close, "Done!" on the screen. <br /> <br /> There was a decent drama in the movie, and the two young female characters had some good moments. Likewise her parents and other bi characters. The handsome Irish coach, however, was an embarrassing piece of acting that made the movie look realistic. He did not even seem very sympathetic, but in spite of his good deeds committed himself, which makes the impending conflict between the girls a little tense. <br /> <br /> I give the movie a 4, as it was an exciting story and they were looking for a nice perspective to approach the subject. The script and cast had many good, credible characters that allowed the audience to recognize themselves or others. If the disappointments had not been so disappointing, I would easily give the movie a 7 or 8. If you like this movie, I would recommend the movie "East is East", which in my opinion is just as good, if not better portrayal of cultural conflicts as well as amusing and engaging.
