I saw the trailer for this movie a few months before its release, and MAN looked scary, especially as this movie was based on a real phenomenon. I was incredibly interested and thought that after years, this movie could finally be a decent horror / thriller movie. You know how movie trailers make a movie look better than it is: maybe by showing off any scary parts or exaggerating certain elements. Advertising for the movie has done both, which has led to my ultimate disappointment. <br /> <br /> This is by no means the "most disturbing movie in years". I doubt it was the most disturbing movie of this week's release. This film gets the whole thing "too much of the thing" too far. <br /> <br /> This movie was not a complete crap. I have to admit, it caught my interest and Micheal Keaton was believable like a man who searches supernaturally for answers. Apart from that, however, this movie is a big cliché. After John's wife dies, he learns about EVP, which transmits the voices of the dead into everyday electronic devices. He suddenly receives news from his wife! My God! It's not just his wife who reaches him, but other dead as well. I can imagine that. A film about helping dead people. Come on, give me a break! The clichés do not stop there. There is also the compulsory clock-stop-at-the-same-every-night trick and three evil spirits that threaten our hero. It was not just the cliché of the movie, it was not scary. The movie literally had two jump scenes, and these two scenes are almost identical. The end is terrible when it leaves the door WIDE OPEN for a sequel. There is also a closing message with a message stating that only one of X voices heard by EPP is threatened with a nice happy tune. Way to break the mood, people. My goodness! If you want another memorable horror movie at the end, read White Noise. The only reason I would think anyone would watch this movie is that the person is either a Keaton fan or is interested in EVP. Sure, the EPP aspects may be interesting, but I do not like it when my film concepts are pushed down my throat and blown into my face. This movie is scary, original and disturbing, but it's the opposite. You know you have a lame movie when the commercials use the ghosts to talk about the movie. "I will not see this movie anymore."
