John Rivers' life as an architect and family man has chosen the worst when his wife disappeared and was found dead after a mad accident in which a tire on her car was changed. During the days she was missing, he confronts a man who followed him, and he tells him that on the other hand, through E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon - he had had contact with his dead wife. Of course he does not believe it, but then you hear strange phone calls from her phone and he contacts the man to learn more about E.V.P. Soon, John is busy, but something supernatural does not like him interfering with the dead, because now others who connect with his wife predict the white noise events before they happen. <br /> <br /> Since this DVD I've been sitting on my shelf for a while now and thought I could see it better, since it was not my copy. On the other hand, I do not think the owners were in a hurry to get it back because they did not ask me about it. Well. So I decided to play it because I was in a modest mood. After hearing and reading all the bad press, I did not expect anything to be good, but I was entertained for 90 minutes. Well, more than 60 minutes, since the last half hour was pretty confused. The movie is nowhere near as good as it could have been, but time is fast enough, even if it's a pretty lukewarm supernatural thriller. I thought it was not all waste. In the first hour I found some powerful sequences very interesting and there is a ghostly awe created with a slow progression of subtle silence and tragedy that haunts you, but unfortunately it comes later in the movie to crash. Then the predictably forced jumps come into play and somehow do not fit into the context. It gets pretty hectic, loud and confused with the MTV-style editing and kinetic camera work that comes close to the action. I could not understand what was going on in a choppy and abrupt climax. The whole explanation of how everything fits into the overall picture is a real hokey. It's a very unsatisfying conclusion because it's for something big, but it's bottoming out. I thought that until then they had done a good job with the lighting and eye-catching camera work. Apart from the strikingly strong lighting, the score kept the film atmospherically bleak. Everything is very smooth with its highly polished and fancy hardware, which makes it very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> It's easy to see that the heart of the film lies in the technical components and does not extend into the characters and the story. There is simply no connection and lasting feelings in this threadbare material. After a while, trying to convince you that it's getting a manipulative thrill and bursting lots of blood-clotting things from outside the tomb is just too much. It pretty much happened when someone gradually saw a blurry TV screen. The E.V.P machine was the star on the show. Well, it had more effect than the limp performances. Michael Keaton is more than a capable actor, but lately he has disappeared from the map and here he offers a modest performance as the dangerously obsessed John Rivers. He really deserves much better. Everyone else is pretty brittle and forgotten. Not because of the performances, but because of the lack of depth of their characters. This clunker was not bad at first, but it has a pear shape when dropped dramatically. <br /> <br /> I would not like to see it again and I would not recommend it to anyone unless you are interested in the theme and enjoy the latest horror / thriller produced by hollywood. It's just a pity that this overproduced movie failed to bring him together, as he was promising on his idea and had a more than decent cast on hand. I did not hate it, but what a disappointment.
