Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. The plot is ridiculous, the characters poorly developed and the premise irritating stupid. It all starts when Michael Keaton, who has not done anything special since Batman, loses his beautiful writer Anna in a car crash, possibly caused by driving one of those convertible VW Beetles, though she should be rich. In his grief Batman moves into a new apartment and picks up a hobby: record nothing and then watch. He learned this from a really fat, pathetic guy who was murdered by three tall, shadowy men who lived in his television. Pretty soon, thanks to EVP or Electronic Voice Phenomenon, he sees dead people, apparently a deal in which dead people can send messages to living people via tape recorders, video cameras and dead cell phones ("Anna Cell Calling?") ... DEAD! ... must be ghosts. Mhmmm. No other possible explanation. I start playing around indiscriminately. Why they can not just write something on a sheet of paper or overturn some things to make creative pictograms is never explained, but in any case, Batman finally discovers that he really sees the future and he decides to give this woman he leaves his house just in time because the big, dark fellows are about to leave shortly after his departure ("D * mn it! Can travel with electronics between the living and the dead), but I'm disappointed if we can be on time! Am I right, boys? (They nod in agreement). "He tracks this lady in a warehouse and finds out that this character from the first ten minutes of the movie (look hard, or you'll miss him!) In fact, a serial killer who works for three big, shadowy demons working in Raiders Lost the Ark style and kill him like the cartoons they are, then some detectives emerge and rescue the lady, and after the funeral of Batman he decides to send a message from the hereafter, which turns to his son for Obviously, he believes that the best way to protect his child from the horrors of the EPP is to expose him to it, the little kid just smiles, not the phases that make the guy, not even his Father, Batman, of course talking to the TV The highlight of the movie was when someone's phone rang and a guy called, "It's Anna!"
