This movie is really scary. Unfortunately not for the reasons the filmmakers would hope for. <br /> <br /> There's also a mastermind serial killer, but he's not scary either. He's just your usual comic villain, a mix of Hannibal Lecter and Freddie Kruger, but nothing special. By the way, can even the worst and most reprehensible criminals hold them in a stressful position on their feet, with their arms stretched out week by week, 24 hours a day? I think in the world Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay gave us everything is possible. No, what's really scary about this movie is the central character, Danny. This unsightly young man, aided and abetted by some ridiculously lax security measures, and a carefree doctor who does not deal with professional ethics or patient secrecy, wanders into the sickroom, which is occupied by a young man who is described as extremely vulnerable and defenseless the basis of nothing (which excludes her from chronic sleep, to give something like a declaration of consent), he imagines to have a special relationship with her. Apparently within a few days, he has done to himself the right to kidnap her, believed (completely wrong, as we say) that he can care for her better than anyone else, and within a few minutes, after returning her to his apartment, she sexually harasses her, even though she (again because of her drowsiness) is totally unable to agree or resist. <br /> <br /> Our suspicion, why he would feel this connection, was soon confirmed. Of course, he is more or less unable to close adult adult friendships, let alone sexual relationships, and instead resorts to this essentially infantilized woman, who, due to her long sleep, has a mental age equivalent to an experience of only a few years. The scene in which she discovers ice cream is particularly frightening, and the shy, knowing look she gives him, when he cheerfully says he needs to clean her up, causes a special shudder. But I'm afraid, not a shiver the filmmakers had hoped for, but a much more straightforward disgust. We can all clearly see what is at the bottom of our forks - it is the perfect dream of pedophile innocence, sexual following and total dependence. Terrible, terrible, terrible. <br /> <br /> What else do we have in this mishmash? Twisted Dreamscapes are not quite as good as del Toro. The compulsory argument "you have to go to the police", where the main character always has a reason not to do so, even though this is the only sensible course of action. The automaton sequence that was praised in the comments here, although it is completely and completely meaningless ("It has no function!", As Sigourney Weaver protested in protesting in Galaxy Quest) and for me what the heinous Doctor Phibes looks like, in one Saw was washed new derivatives. <br /> <br /> Jeffrey Combs is doing his best, so a star for it, and a few more, because you have to rank lower for films that are even worse, and in general this is good. shot and executed competently.
