New York, I love you, or actually the title of Manhattan, I love to look at your people in sometimes love, is an accurate example of the difference between telling a story and telling a situation. Look at two of the segments of the film where Ethan Hawke lights a cigarette on one street and entertains them with repugnant sex, and another with Orlando Bloom trying to make a film an incredulous demand from his director, two Dostoyevsky -To read books. The latter is not a great story, but at least it has a beginning, a middle, and an end, as the composer tries to score, throw Dostoyevky in the lap, and finally get help (and maybe a little bit more) from a girl with whom he spoke as a liaison between him and the director. The Ethan Hawke scene, however, feels like nothing and feels like a coincidence added or directed by a filmmaker calling him (or Hawke with a combination of Before Sunrise and Reality Bites) /> <br / > What's unpleasant about the movie as a whole is the fact that the few stories that work really well are directed against the one or two possible "stories," and then the rest of the situations that unfold and that are linked together or themselves overlap others (ie pieces involving Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It's not even so much that the movie set is practically always in * Manhattan * and not in the New York of Queens or Staten Island or the Bronx (not even Harlem or Washington Heights) - there's a lot of variety here. It is the lack of imagination that has been found in Paris J'taime to the best or the worst. It usually has little to do with New York, except for passive references, and at worst (the Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf segment) it's on a level that's scary, incomprehensible. <br /> <br /> So wait for the television and do your best to get in and out of the movie - in three scenes: the previously mentioned segment Bloom / Christina Ricci, which is charming; the board Ratner directorial segment (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with a very funny story of a teenage girl bringing a girl in a wheelchair to prom for just one big turn; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a delightfully pretty old couple who went to Brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else is missing, even the directorial debut of Natalie Portman and the return of a Hughes' brother (only one, Allan) on screen. A mixed bag makes it easy: it's like having to search through a bag of mixed nuts full of grumpy peanuts to find the few remaining almonds.
