I was always a bit suppressed by Joe Dante's original THE HOWLING (1981)? So I was not particularly interested in checking the sequels. Some time ago I caught HOWLING III: THE MARSUPIALS (1987)? from the same director as this one? and found it, but nothing special. <br /> <br /> However, the second installment has a pretty bad reputation and I knew that I would have a good time watching it? above all, to wallow in the sight of the lovable but pompous horror of Christopher Lee, who jiggles between all of this (the gracefully aged star has repeatedly stated pathetically in interviews that he has not been horror-oriented ever since his shock Style appears.) Last picture for Hammer Films in 1976!). Anyway, this movie should have been subtitled "Your Movie Is A Turd"? Amazingly unable to perform in all departments (starting with the all-important werewolf make-up)! <br /> <br /> The plot (and the dialogue) is not only terrible, but has the least connection to Dante's movie? strangely, the author of the original novel Gary Brandner co-wrote this himself! One of the undeniable highlights (er ... low points) of the film, however, is the pointless elliptical editing. who tries to give the whole thing a touch of style, but only serves to emphasize the embarrassment factor! Similarly, the hokey transitions between the scenes, the inhuman punk rock theme song, and the cheap special effects are at its peak! <br /> <br /> What about the characters?: Of course, Lee is the werewolf expert everyone thinks is a nutcase? until they come in contact with the monsters, that is; At the least, though, one must admire the ingenuity (or bile) of the creators when designing a silly subtitle with a double meaning! By the way, Sybil Danning (as Stirba, Werewolf Bitch? The subtitle that makes this known in the UK!) Is quite available in a series of outrageous S & M outfits ... but her character has virtually nothing to do (except the presidency) and their breed of followers and occasionally engage in weird comic triple lycanthrope sex!); Particularly annoying are her two growling lieutenants (one of them a sloppy black girl). Lee helps the two Yuppie heroes (he's the Dee Wallace character's brother right from the start) movie and she's a colleague of her) and a ragged guerrilla band from Transylvians (mostly they succeed, Easily overcome Danning's rather stupid werewolves!). Noteworthy among them is a knife throwing dwarf who gets a particularly evil (but at the same time splitting) downfall; Later, he was revived under Stirba's control to lure Lee (by mocking him through the streets of the village) into a trap. The final scene must be a career nadir for the reputable and imposing actor. Well, either this one or the early sequence in a disco where Lee wears ultra-cool sunglasses to make him unremarkable among the celebrating teens! <br /> <br /> In the end, if I were forced To mention elements in this area that were not entirely unpleasant, I could say that the Ossuarium (in which the heroine is to be sacrificed) is interesting, or that the hybrid werewolf / bat creature (Danning's pet who likes to live in) "the body of his victims" is just too funny to be despised ... "
