Ugly shot, poorly scripted and amateurishly pursued sequel to the classic of Joe Dante from 1981. "The Howling" is one of the two or three ONLY good werewolf films ever made, and yet has been presented with a series of disgusting and infinite episodes this "rewards". If it is any consolation, "Stirba" is just a name sequence and there is absolutely no connection to the characters or events introduced in Dante's movie. The storyline revolves around a bloodthirsty cult of Transsylvanian werewolves? mainly female? Led by Stirba Stirba, played by Sybil Danning, who transforms from a curvy old lady into a blonde super-babe (with an impressive bosom) and becomes hairy in a jiffy when sexually aroused. Her archenemy is played by a seemingly tired Christopher Lee. His character ?? Stefan Crosscoe ?? is an occult investigator who travels to a kingdom of Stirba, accompanied by an American couple who lost his friend to the werewolf cult. In case you are only looking for dirty blood and unnecessary nudity ... this is your movie. Even the tiniest murder is depicted in great detail, and we have even experienced the explosion of eyeballs and the vile image of a dwarf being pierced on a sharp fence. However, if you want some substance or depth, you will be very disappointed. The dialogues are embarrassing and there are absolutely no tensions that you can spot anywhere. The scriptwriters seem to constantly confuse werewolves with vampires (the Transylvanian environment, garlic, wooden piles ...) and Danning's beautiful balcony is shamelessly exploited as the movie's only gimmick. During the credits, a shot of her breaking off her top is repeated repeatedly (according to my colleague Dr. Gore, no less than seventeen times!), Which is rather pathetic and meaningless. The music is ok and some of the scenery is pretty nice. I'm talking about the wild-looking statues in the opening balance and the dark dungeons of Stirba's castle. The direction of Philippe Mora is a huge mess and ?? as far as I'm concerned ?? His only rewarding film remains "The Beast Within," which was released three years earlier.
