The Howling II opens with a bizarre and surreal opening speech by Christopher Lee, whose image rises above a moving star field, oh, and for some reason a skeleton also appears. He says, "for it has been written that the inhabitants of the earth were made drunk with their blood, and I saw them swallowing at a hairy animal, and they held a golden challis full of the filthiest fornication and written on their foreheads , see, I'm the big mother of an inaudible word, I could not understand it, no matter how many times I rewound the tape and tried, I'm sorry # and all the abominations of the earth ". This opening speech means nothing at all and is downright bizarre. After the preface, which shows photographs of the Transylvanian architecture, a caption appears on the screen informing us that we are in City of the Angels, Los Angeles, California USA. I knew I was 86 minutes long. It's probably not too long after the events of the original Howling (1981) and the funeral of Karen White. After the ceremony, Karen's brother Ben (Reb Brown) is approached by an "occult investigator" named Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee), who says that Karen is a werewolf and that she is brought back to life. Ben rejects such nonsense. Together with one of Karen's friends and colleague Jenny (Annie McEnroe) he visits Stefan at his home. There Stefan tells them about werewolves and how they can be killed, he mentions Stirba (Sybil Danning), the queen of werewolves. Stefan also shows them a photo taken at Karen's funeral of a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and that she is an extremely vicious and dangerous werewolf who wants Karen. Stefan says he will put all wowwoves with titanium in the heart. Ben finds out that Stefan means that he will also be Karen. Together with Jenny he travels to the cemetery, where the tomb of his sister Stefan is to stop. However, many werewolves appear and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and find out that Stirba can be found in Transylvania. They all decide to travel to Transylvania and prevent Stirba and her werewolves from taking over the earth by fulfilling a centuries-old curse. Once there, they travel to a small town called Vlkava, where "wolves live". There they meet with the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer), and his small but loyal group of werewolf hunters. What else can I call her? Oh, and a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) helps too. They follow Mariana, whom they hope will take her to Stirba. But Stirba knows about Stefan's arrival and has plans for him, Ben and Jenny. Will Stefan be able to finish Stirba's plans for world domination? Will this movie be more bizarre or surreal? Look at it and find out. Directed by Philippe Mora, this is a weird mess of a movie. It's badly handled because certain sequences simply jump around incoherently. The biggest problem is the screenplay by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner, which is based on his novel, which is omnipresent and makes no sense or presents us with the right characters we like. Fortunately, it moves like a rocket and is never boring or boring unlike the original. Something strange or bizarre always happens to entertain the viewer. Most people will probably hate it, but for those of us who like 'bad' movies, it's all up with the best. There are werewolf orgies that are just crazy. We get cool werewolf killing weapons. The sets and locations just seem inappropriate and I do not know if that was actually filmed in Transylvania, but it does not look like I thought it was in the mid-80s. Stirbas Castle is part of the dungeon, part of the gothic castle and part of the modern luxury house. Stirba and the costumes of her servants are absolutely exaggerated. Stirba wears an outfit that looks like it belongs to an S / M video. To be fair to her, she looks pretty sexy and her Minions wear tight leather clothes. The special make-up effects range from good to bad, the eyes of a dwarf explode, someone's hand is torn off, and a priest lets a creature out of his mouth, but this is not a movie filled with a lot of blood, though It gives plenty of effects sequences with werewolf transformations and attacks. There's a lot of nudity as well as Stirba and her henchmen are a true scumbag of werewolves! I should also mention the music, the soundtrack is dominated by terrible rock music that I hated, and in the end I reduced the volume. Spectacle is all around weak and what did Christopher Lee think when he accepted this movie?! I wonder what he thinks about it. Basically, the whole thing is a mess, but I still found it quite entertaining. Impossible to recommend, but it lasted me to the end. Speaking of where the credits go over seemingly deleted scenes and cut material, Sybil Danning shows the same attitude in which she takes off her dress and probably releases her breasts more than 20 times! If that's your thing.
