If this is someone's favorite movie, they need serious help. Nothing is funny or smart about this Crapfest. I have not seen the original movie, which is a remake (some of the 50s), but it just has to be better than this newer bastardization. A major is thrown out of the military because he is a fringe element, and teaches children at a ROTC school. Unfortunately, Daman Wayans is the major ... and the kids are expecting an annoying, humorless world. Can Wayans get these losers into shape? Can you make him become a bit more human? The movie bombs like most Wayans movies with just a few twinkling moments. William Hickey has about a minute, not enough. This charming old man (best known to me as the "Tales from the Crypt" actor, best known as Uncle Louis from "Christmas Vacation") shines every moment he's on the screen, which is not much , <br /> <br /> Bam Bam Bigelow also performs as a biker, which suits him perfectly. I would not mind a little more Bam Bam, but I think he has carried the role of the "biker" as far as he could be worn for a military film. <br /> <br /> And then there's the attractive teacher who falls on Major Payne, even though he treats the kids badly, has no social skills, and just can not be turned into someone they want to spend time with. She either has to be incredibly stupid or incredibly desperate. I'm not sure which ones (although it would seem "stupid" as the movie makes it clear that they come out of the house often enough). Wayans had a luminous moment: a dance sequence in which he performs a series of moves (including a very beautiful "robot") and with the help of the music of 2 Live Crew. This scene was enjoyable, but could not make up for anything else, which made this movie dog to spit. If you want to watch a movie, a loser who helps the losers become heroes is renting or buying Ernest Goes to Camp. At least he's a loveable loser and actually funny. If Major Payne had fought a badger, I might feel better, but he did not. Forget Payne, forget Wayans ... you can do a lot better.
