I have to add different comments here. Several reviews I have read compared this movie with those of Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. one of the admirable Flotilla of Mandarin treats that have come to us in recent years. Unfortunately that is not quite true. The film is more like the attempt of a film school graduate to imitate these masters. All the pieces are there - the beautiful scenery, the vaguely minimalist dialogue, the slowly fluctuating camerawork and especially male lead roles, who spend a lot of time contemplating sitting around. Sounds good, but unfortunately nothing is right. The dialogue is lead-free. The action is generally not able to lift the characters above the type; The couple and the little sister are especially poor and unwavering. When mediocre character play is combined with a classic "Chekovian" slot (ie, highly predictable), the results are, at best, boring and, at worst, painful. I could not help seeing the "Blue Danube" scene as a scene bordering on genre parody (though the smoggy-looking "spring" sky over the river was a bit of black humor ...) to which I actually went Film based on that Mark Li Ping photographed him. While the shot is elegant and the wavering camera tries to reproduce the mood of "Flowers of Shanghai," the film is visually out of line. In fact, after an hour of questioning whether the script or acting had ruined the film, I suddenly confess that I should meet my roommate for dinner and took the chance to leave (and I can not I remember the last movie I went out of, I guess from the reviews that the end may have left a positive aftertaste, but I did not care about that at the time, if you'd like to see something similar with real talent, I'd recommend something from the two directors mentioned above, such as "In the Mood for Love" or "Flowers of Shanghai," both from The talented Mr. Ping (the former with Chris Doyle), and both are films Masterful enough to inspire years of failed emulations like this, it's not often that Mr. Hoberman misleads me, and you may prefer to listen to him, but Do not say that you were not warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
