This is the first BBC series "The Complete Dramatic Works of William Shakespeare," which I've seen, and if all is so, maybe I'm not watching anymore. Practically the full text of the piece is all that this "Romeo & Juliet" offers, which is missing in all other departments. Alvin Rakoff is a terrible director, both technically and artistically. In the first case, because he makes mistakes that even a first-class film student would wisely avoid. For example, consider the poorly edited first shot of Abraham and Balthasar in the opening scene or entering Friar Lawrence's sister in the cell. She asks where Romeo is with her so much that she would even see him clearly if she was blind And in the latter case, because each of the performers is misguided, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly as I had always imagined Juliet, and she does not seem to be a bad actress for a teenager, but she lacks passion. Patrick Ryecart as Romeo is even worse. He is not only as boring as Julia, but too old and not even good-looking and acts as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and the Chucky doll. When you bring them together, it's impossible to believe that they feel anything for each other, let alone be the protagonists of the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman plays Tybalt in his screen debut as if he were Darth Vader. This is a big mistake that takes away the complexity that Shakespeare intended. No character is a hero or a villain, but all faulty people. This Tybalt looks so mean that we do not believe the compassion of the characters after his death. As for Paris, I always thought of Spaceballs' "Prince Valium". Only Celia Johnson manages to bring justice to the nurse's figure. <br /> <br /> At 168 minutes, this production can not make us empathize with the characters because the characters do not empathize with each other and never seen to believe their own roles. The best screen version is still Franco Zeffirelli. To be honest, this BBC version is not nearly as bad as abominations like George Cukor's extravagant geriatric version or the crime against humanity that is Baz Luhrmann's MTV video. 10.4.
