Superficially, "Brigadoon" is a promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind "An American in Paris," are reunited with many great craftsmen behind their previous collaborations. Gene's lead actress is Cyd Charisse, one of the best dancers in 40s / 50s cinema, and unlike the generally superior "It's Always Fair Weather", this movie did not just give one, but also two dances. Lerner and Loewe were the up-and-coming team behind future hits like "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's musical masterpiece "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli had already demonstrated their sovereign collaborative juices at the outstanding American in Paris. <br /> <br /> What happened along the way? Why is the movie itself such a stupid bore? Minnelli himself did not want to make the film, although he previously had a close artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Maybe it was because the film's innate conservatism was a little too two-step for MGM and a step back for Vincente Minnelli. But once Minnelli was trapped within the city limits like Brigadoon residents, he was trying to turn something into something entertaining in a particularly distracting if not liberating way. The end result is really terrible to look at. <br /> <br /> While the naïve charm of earlier Minnelli hits such as "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis" is being sought after, the plaid tights residents of Brigadoon wear nothing of the illusory nostalgia of this Summon unprecedented locales. His mood does not even match the glittering sheen of "Yolanda and the Thief" or "The Pirate," as the settings of the highlands seem too specific for such an exotic fantasy and too general for real human emotions. The only people in Brigadoon I can relate to are the dissatisfied man trying to escape and the unfortunate fellow traveler played by Van Johnson, who accidentally shoots him. The general procedures in the borough of Brigadoon itself are too arcane and provincial to attribute to a backward form of Christianity: they look positively pagan in their aspect. In return for the immortality of Brigadoon, for example, the honorable and usually "good" pastor of the city has sacrificed his own place in the allegedly blessed refuge. <br /> <br /> At one point we assure that "everyone" is looking for their own brigadoon. "Suffice to say, the fund for this picture confirms my own suspicion that most of us are not looking for a quasi-queasy paradise, the premise itself is ridiculous and almost offensive patronizing, but could work if the players were perfect. But Kelly herself is the patronizer of the film, and Charisse, as a virgin optimist, is terribly mismanaged just as Lucille Bremer was miscast in "Yolanda and the Thief." Van Johnson makes his best version of the classic Oscar Levant mate with Kelly (even 3 Lighting cigarettes, like Levant in "AIP"), and it offers many amusing moments, but it says it all when the best part of a big budget extravaganza with all the best talents of MGM is a discarded Van Johnson accomplishment.
