I do not often feel compelled to critique a movie; After all, I often feel the maxim, "If you have nothing good to say, do not say it at all," it would be a good piece of advice for the many naysayers we listen to every day and who deal with things we like. If you, the reader, do not care, though I feel obliged, to point out that this film, with the sole exception of Christopher Walken in his recurring role as Gabriel, is pathetically HORRID. I'm telling you this, to warn you in advance that even if you're a fan of Walken's Deadpan delivery and style or you'd like the original prophecy, you'll be very disappointed. When you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it's only ninety nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's up with this movie? A full list would take too long and bore you to tears, but a brief summary would be the following: The once-crystalline clear picture of the relationship between angels and mortals in the first film is torn to pieces. Gabriel is turned from the rather morbid right hand of God that he once was (and in this role he is WRAPPING funny in the first) to something more than a thug around the sky. Since Walken can play so well in the Heavy (we all remember Frank White of the "King of New York"), he still enjoys it, but the understudy is an unrestrained and unconvincing jumble of mortals and angels advocating for 50 could not have guessed cents. If you can find out the plot, you are a smarter man than me. One has the feeling that we wander aimlessly from scene to scene just to move the movie to Walken's next big line. At the end of the movie, you actually want him to blow his horn and let the walls of Jericho fall on the people who caused this unnatural disaster. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: This is an insult to our intelligence that they have ever made a sequel to this movie. The original told the correct story, answered the questions that it should have been, and left the questions that you should think later, in peace. There are no compelling reasons to follow those characters who were in the first - the priest who lost his faith, the little girl who kept the "big secret", the teacher who protected her children - even Lucifer herself was from made up of interesting first movie than any other characters in the sequel. I'm sorry for anyone who sees this movie, and not the first, because he probably never wants to see the original, and that's a real tragedy.
