Everyone knows that Gregory Widens original "The Prophecy" does not necessarily require a sequel, but you also do not need rocket training that hangs over your chimney to realize that further deposits were inevitable for this profitable horror concept. Part Two is a very prototypical example of a direct video sequel, meaning that the creative and confused plot of the original has been simplified for more action, funnier one-liners, and a much scary religious scenery. The only good news is that the producers have managed to keep Christopher Walken for Gabriel's role, and he delivers another glorious, outrageous performance that justifies the rental price right away. If Walken's performance had not been (and perhaps a few players in the supporting cast such as Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), "The Prophecy II" would surely have been forgotten right after the release. The movie begins with Gabriel literally spitting out of hell to continue his ongoing war of Heaven here on Earth. The goal of his fight this time is to prevent the baby of the nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals) is born. You see, your unborn child is the first hybrid between a heavenly angel and an earthly "monkey," and the birth of such a superior being would mean the downfall of Gabriel's vicious rule. As in the first film, he hires a suicide mate to support him and chases Valerie down to the last showdown in Eden. "The Prophecy II" is a bearable and sometimes even entertaining film, as long as you do not compare with the original and as long as you overlook the numerous gaps and mistakes in continuity. Fortunately, if the plot gets boring, the makers always add a near-brilliant Christopher Walken moment to distract you. His interactions with the rebellious Izzy and especially his ignorance of modern earthly technologies often lead to rewarding and memorable sequences. On a somewhat bizarre note, I often had the feeling that "The Prophecy II" should look similar to "Terminator II". Gabriel's resurrection looked a bit like the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg and the location of Eden, where the final battle takes place, very similar to the steel factory where Terminator II ended. Coincidence, I think? Overall, this is an inferior and passable successor, but it's still worth trying out if you're a fan of Christopher Walken's unique acting character (and who is not?).
