This is one of those horror movies where twenty-year-olds fool around the campfire with the dark arts and get into trouble. A portal with a world of demons, known as the Kelippoth of the Sitra Achra, was opened by a man whose daughter, Summer, is being kidnapped and pulled in by something. The summer is being trained by a mysterious group whose identity is never revealed to fight the demon monsters. This is part of the story, which is dedicated to a close examination. Anyway, three would-be witches who have attended high school together, Renea, the most enthusiastic and serious practitioner of the dark arts, and her lesbian cohorts Jasmine and Marlene (.. it's more or less a passing fad with them .. ) Join buddies Jason and Ricky for a wilderness trip where Summer disappeared from their home ten years ago. A demon opens the portal through a spoken text written in an old book, as does Summer, now a warrior baby whose training has resulted in a highly adaptable, athletic body and skills needed to ward off monsters in the city Another world. <br /> <br /> Low budget contains an irregular but ambitious story that puts them in a limited environment. These young adults walk around in the woods, hoping that they are not an animal for an animal. As may be the case in these films, the demon stands on the sidelines as the story unfolds, while Summer tries to remember how it all happened while making friends with Jason, who wants to help her restore lost time. The action is mostly filmed in the dark, so any violence is hard to decipher. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the female cast for that matter) is a mighty beautiful eye candy, dressed like a female Conan dressed, a gorgeous body that we watch from the moment she appears until the movie closes. Some lesbianism (some kissing and caressing) and nudity put things in a nutshell, and the performers seem to enjoy the stupid plot. It is so absurd that the stupid sound is probably suitable for the material. <br /> <BR> Could be of interest to the starring role of "Captain Courageous" Christian (real name Jason Reso) of World Wrestling Entertainment as a member of the group by deceiving his alter ego as a chicken and the sound of a tree crease trembles. Landy Cannon is sympathetic as an unlikely hero, Jason, a lovable, naive young man whose former fiancé Jasmine (Vanessa James) is now bi-sexual and in love with Marlene (Jasmine's cruelty plays with Jason's feelings while hiding her affair with Marlene (from his knowledge), while Ricky and Renea try to distract him from this idea that he can rekindle an extinguished dead flame, never to rekindle.The Kelippoth demon is mostly dimly lit, I guess, to show How ludicrous / ridiculous he looks when he is fully portrayed Jasmine and Marlene's (Haley Shannon) lesbian antics are mostly tame, their love, once standing in the forest on a tree, is toned down and illuminated with the blackness of the night. My assessment is a little cheap, almost exclusively because of Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons and not because of the act od he of filmmaking. The movie is supposed to please and is marketed to the boys (and girls who love hot women). However, I think that the humor is mostly flat.
