This is certainly a strange way to promote a movie that has calmed down a lot. And it seems to be a simple suicide on the part of the studio, as (1) the feuds between the actors were known long before the release of the film. (2) The feud between the producer (Robert Fryer) and the director (Michael Sarne) was also well known. (3) The performers made no secret of their contempt for the movie and made it public at every opportunity. The daily bulletins from the set were gaily told by gossip columnists everywhere. <br /> <br /> And (4) The author, Gore Vidal hated it practically from day one. Nonetheless, this slogan sums it up. Raquel Welch gives a decent performance as Myra, and besides, she looks pretty. John Huston is very funny as Buck Loner, the ex-cowboy star who runs a fake acting academy. Mae West (in her first screen since 1943), of course, rewrote her role to suit herself, and she's great as a "oversex" (and therefore mild) "talent agent" Leticia Van Allen. Still, she must have wondered (having waited so long for a good vehicle to return) as she could ever get into this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (in his movie debut) is one of them. "Customer". John Carradine and Jim Backus as doctors also stroll in briefly. Rex as Myron, Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren as victims of Myra / Myron's sexual passion are neither here nor there. The same goes for the script, which not only does not keep track of the basic plot of the book, but seems to be in at least three different directions at the same time. Although West's section was originally larger, it was reduced to a cameo role when Sarne finished editing. And that's why she seems to be in another movie. Apparently, the producers eventually realized that Mae would be the big draw of the film, and since they could not replace most of their cut footage, they toppled them back to the set at the end of filming the second of their two songs, both coming out of nowhere. The device Sarne used to throw old movie clips of past stars to highlight the points he made does not work at all. When the movie is over, a weary onlooker can only wonder what the hell was all about. Not surprisingly, almost everyone associated with production had the same feeling and died at the box office. A technically flawless DVD contains (along with other extras) separate commentaries from both Welch and Sarne, each of whom has completely opposite views on what went wrong. 'Piece that (in great detail) tried to do the same. Although the structure of the novel made screen adaptation a dubious undertaking, it did not stand a chance with Sarne at the head of a seemingly "restless" production.
