It was the sixties, and anyone with long hair and a hip, detached attitude could get money to make a movie. That's how Michael Sarne, the director of this colossal flop, got the job. Sarne is one of the most untalented people who ever got a dollar to make a movie. In fact, the whole studio must have been tempted to hire a guy who had just made a previous movie, a terribly expensive black and white 60s whore named Joanna. The film showed the similarly talentless actress / Waif Genevieve Waite, who could hardly speak a whole line without getting into an inappropriate facial expression or a bat-like chirping. Sarne, who was unlikely to be able to direct an animated cartoon, made his way out of a Hollywood budget movie on a budget. David Giler's book is the best place to find out how the terrible infant Sarne could pull the wool over his eyes. If there is ever a historical marker that indicates the superficiality and superficiality of an era, Myra Breckinridge provides this marker. It embodies the emptiness and mindless transgression of a decade that is often remembered for a major change in the politics of the body. Breckinridge is a touchstone for another, equally important vein. If you look at this film, you get a different perspective on the less often mentioned emptiness of the mind, which often happened for talents in those years. Many reviewers have talked about cutting footage other films, especially older ones. Some liked those clunky "comments" on what was going on in the film, others found them pointless, annoying and obtrusive, even though the movie itself is so bad, any intervention would have to be an improvement. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason why Michael Sarne put so many film clips in Myra Brekinridge was to revise the bottomless inadequacy of the wit and imagination he possessed. That said, Sarne was so fancifully challenged that he simply threw those clips in to fill space and take time. They were no inspiration, they were desperation. His writing skills were nonexistent, and David Giler had wisely turned away from the project like a ticking bomb, so Sarne actually had to try to make a film, and he could not. It was beyond his slim abilities. Hence the introduction of clips that look like half of a whole movie. The ghosts of writers and directors - many have long been over - were asked to fix this damned flopperoo because Sarne was certainly not capable. That's what he came to on those days when he sat on the set and thought for eight hours while the entire cast and crew (not to mention producers and accountants) cooled their heels and waited for something. a touch of originality, a joke that comes from the forehead of Zeus. Uh, oops. No Zeus + No Fantasy + No Sparks = Millions of small, small-winged dollar bills - each of the hundreds of licensing agreements required to use the clips - fly out the window. Bye. <br /> <br /> I hated the movie clips myself. They denigrated Sarne's many opponents, making fun of people whose talents - even those with unskilled abilities - far outstripped the director's abilities, ultimately demonstrating inspiration, originality, and even simple skill compared to Little was the kestesten of them.
