Anyone who even knows me remotely can tell you that I love bad movies almost as much as I love big ones, and I can honestly say that I've finally seen one of the legendary bad movies: the almost indescribable mess, the MYRA is BRECKINRIDGE , The star-studded MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is an adaptation of Gore Vidal's bestseller (he later rejected this movie version) and is really a movie that is so bad that it remains bizarrely entertaining from start to finish. The X rated film on gender and Hollywood was an absolute disaster at the box office and was literally booked off the screen by critics and audiences at the time of release. Not surprisingly, the film gained a legendary cult status among the lovers of bad cinema, and I was really excited to see it for the first time. <br /> <br /> Director Michael Sarne (who only had two other former directorial titles by his name), required a lot of flicker for the finished movie, and honestly, it really does not look like he has any idea what he wanted to achieve. The film is often incoherent, and entire sequences are processed in half way, making many scenes almost incomprehensible. Irritating is also the gimmick to use archive material from the Fox film safes and to splice it into the picture at regular intervals. This means that archival footage from past movie stars like Judy Garland and Shirley Temple are entangled in new-movie scenes of often lewd sexual acts, and the process just does not work as intended (which also causes a little uproar as actors) as Temple and Loretta Young sued the studio because they had used their image without permission). <br /> <br /> Perhaps Sarne is not the only one to blame, as the film's script and casting will also make many audiences shake heads in disbelief. For example, in this film, you are asked to believe that the skinny film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last major role in the film) is undergoing a sex reassignment operation to become the beautiful sex goddess Raquel Welch ?! The film becomes even more difficult to trace than What Myra tries to take over a film school from her seedy uncle (played by legendary film director John Huston), seduces a young female film student (Farrah Fawcett), and teaches the school's bad boy (Roger Herren ) a lesson by raping him with a strap-on dildo. Did everybody follow that? <br /> <br /> And it gets even better (or worse depending on your perspective)! I have not mentioned yet the star of the movie: the legendary sex symbol of the thirties, Mae West! Ms. West was 77 years old when she starred in this film (she had been retired for 26 years), and apparently she still considered herself an impressive sex symbol as she plays an upscale talent agent who has smart men (including a young one) Man) Tom Selleck throws herself after her. As if that were not bad enough, the toneless West actually plays two newly written songs in half of the movie, and I think I could have sustained brain damage if I listen to them! <br /> <br /> Of course nothing resembles anything that a person of reasonable taste would call "good", but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE 4 out of 10, because even if I was always morbid entertaining I had none I wonder what the hell is going on. Most performers really try hard. Raquel, in particular, seems so hellish at turning her ill-written part into something meaningful, which alone makes it worth seeing. If she had just worked with a decent script and a capable director, she might have finally received the respect of critics. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is fine too. Lovable over-the-top John Huston (who was supposed to rule the picture) has some fun moments, Rex Reed is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Fawcett is pleasantly fresh and sympathetic. Roger gentlemen are fine too, but he was never seen in another movie after that (I think he just could not afford to be the one ridden by Raquel Welch). And as anyone could guess from the above description, Mae West was completely crazy when she agreed to shoot this movie - but that makes it fun for those of us who love bad movies.
