MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has rarely been seen since the theatrical release of 1970 and has become a household name for legendary film debacles. Now finally on DVD in an unexpectedly beautiful package, it is unlikely today to reach a wide audience, as was the case with its first release. <br /> <br /> Gore Vidal's 1968 bestseller was a dark, satirical statement. Most filmmakers thought that the story, the structure and the overall sound of the novel could not translate into film. Industry experts were surprised when 20th Century Fox not only acquired the rights, but also engaged Vidal to adapt his novel to the screen. However, the studio managers soon had cold feet: Vidal's adaptations were repeatedly rejected and the new director Michael Sarne was called in to bring the film to the screen. <br /> <br /> Studio managers hoped Sarne would open up the youth market They saw the film as their destination, but Sarne proved even more in sync with the material than the executives themselves. Rewrite followed suit when rewriting. The occupation, which felt a catastrophe, became increasingly ready to fight. In her DVD commentary, Star Raquel Welch says she had little idea of ​​what Myra's motifs were from scene to scene, or even within a scene itself, and that everyone involved seemed to make a completely different film. In the supporting documentary "Back Story," Rex Reed says that MYRA BRECKINRIDGE was a movie made by a group of people hiding in their dressing rooms while they waited for their lawyers to pick up their calls. <br /> <br /> The accuracy of these comments are demonstrated in the film itself. The basics of Vidal's story are there, but the story has not just been cut off from all other implications, it does not seem to make sense in itself. Everything runs in several directions, nothing connects, and numerous scenes undermine the logic of the previous scenes. And while director Sarne repeatedly states in his commentary that he wanted to make the movie a mere farce, only random laughter are produced. <br /> <br /> The main case of these accidents is Mae West. It is true that West is unexpectedly well-behaved and that she has lost nothing with a one-liners - but the fact that she is in her seventies, and her conviction that she is the silence, can not be circumvented The sexiest trick in Shoe leather is extremely disturbing, to say the least. But even worse is the fact that the West is out of their era. Her efforts to translate herself into a hip and random personality lead to one of the most embarrassing self-cartoons ever seen in the film. The remaining cast is largely wasted. Raquel Welch, a much underrated actress, plays the title role of Myra much like a Barbie doll on steroids; Non-actor Rex Reed is unexpectedly effective in the role of Myron, but the overall role is essentially meaningless. Only John Huston and cameo players John Carradine, Jim Backus, William Hopper and Andy Devine emerge relatively unscathed. Yes, it is really the debacle that all those involved in the film feared: fast, if it was slow, slow, if it was fast, relentlessly unsuccessful from start to finish. It's true that director Sarne occasionally has an inspired idea - like using film clips from Shirley Temple to Judy Garland to create a counterpoint to the action - but by and large, when Sarne's choice was made How to do something he seems to have done wrong. <br /> <br /> How and why is clear in Sarne's audio commentary. Sarne did not like the novel or the subject at all. He did not want to write the script, but he needed the money; He really did not want to direct the movie, but he needs the money. He makes it clear that he disliked the author Gore Vidal and Rex Reed (at some point he says vaguely that Reed is "not a nice person"), and to this day he believes that Vidal and Reed worked in tandem on the film sabotaging he refused to play in their "gay agenda" - which, if you go straight into it, seems to have been the desire for Sarne to actually film Vidal's novel instead of making his own strangely imagined launch. <br /> <br /> Although he spends a great deal of comment time saying that the film is highly prized by the gay community, Sarne never quite understands that the film's appeal to a gay audience is ridiculous inaccurate representation of homosexuals is attributed. In connection with the film itself, Sarne seems more than a little homophobic - and frankly the only worst choice of writers and directors that could have been made for this project. In addition to the comments by Sarne and Welch and the making-of documentary, the DVD several trailers and two versions of the film: a "theatrical version" and a "restored" version. The only difference between the two is that the last scene in the "restored" version was printed in black and white. The edits made before the film was released were not restored, but the documentary details describe what they were. The widescreen transmissions of both are remarkably good and the sound is quite good. But in the end, where I started, this is indeed a movie that will interest movie historians, movie fans, and cult movie fans the most. I only give her three out of five stars, but everyone else should pass by. Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
