MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of the rare films that has become established in film history right away. The praise for the film was absolutely nonexistent, even by the people involved in it. This movie was loathed from day one. While one occasionally encounters an outsider who praises the film for philosophical reasons (aggressive feminism or the courage to tackle transgenderism), the film has not developed a cult, as is the case with some notorious flops. It is not praised as a misunderstood masterpiece like SCARFACE or mocked as a classic like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> The reason is undoubtedly that the film, though it is outrageously awful, is neither lovable nor likeable. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is just mean. As a Hollywood satire, she is cold-blooded and mean, but hollow, meaningless. MYRA takes it for granted that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but continues to attack popular icons like Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to imply that everything about Hollywood is inherently mean. It seems to me that there is something brave about mocking sacred cows, but there are no grounds for doing the mockery. The film is also viscous anti-American, anti-establishment and anti-this and anti-fact, but all in a superficial, late 1960s fashion. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I love you, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other whore epics. MYRA is a vision for middle-aged hippie dippy youth culture. It tries to embrace exactly the attitude that belittles it. But instead of mocking himself, MYRA makes no attempt to hide his contempt for anything that comes under his control. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has the humor of a tyrant; There is not a single moment of innocence. Your intentions are not honorable. TIME magazine aptly described it as "about as funny as a child molester," but it's not nearly so likable. <br /> <br /> For example, poor Mae West bore the brunt of the criticism that was directed against her movie that looks like everything from an aging drag queen to a revived wandering corpse. The octogenarian star obviously did not know how ridiculous she looked when she played a talented agent who was looking for men young enough to be her grandchildren or even her great-grandchildren. Director Michael Sarne needed to know, but he still used it. Why? Because she was apparently the joke. Just like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine, and other seasoned actors in the movie, they're just here to make fun of his age and use them to discard their movie images. They are manned like smarmy self-parodies, as is Rex Reed, the arrogant Fey film critic who is cast in the film just like that. But the real Reed, the celebrity hound, the jet-setting, the talk show gossip, can be charmingly hilarious; but as Myron, Myra's alter ego, he is simply repulsive. Apparently for Sarne, Reed is the joke. <br /> <br /> You see MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and see no actors, you see victims. No more than Raquel Welch. No one will ever blame Welch for being a great actress, but it's testament to her tenacity and her appeal for surviving this film and her career flourishing. In almost every scene, Welch was a key target for abuse, targeting the movie, but to their credit, it gives a remarkably nuanced performance. Of course, although centered between the landscape where Huston is chewed and the almost catatonic west, Welch does not have much to do to find a good balance. Still, she makes her dreadfully dull dialogue with a lush grin, but with a touch of self-righteous joy that would make any James Bond villain proud. Legend has it that Welch was insulted by a condescending West and repeatedly verbally abused by dopey director Sarne, not to mention being shown a cool and collected performance in one humiliating scene after another. <br /> <br /> The film's only intriguing element is figuring out what's on the film's agenda. The whole story is a fantasy fable that suggests it has a moral to deliver, but that could be someone's guess. In all the talk about the destruction of "the last vestiges of the traditional masculinity of the race" there seems to be a feminist ax. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. Besides, Myra is not a woman, but a delusion of Myron, who is probably a gay man. This could explain both the male rape scene and the character's love / hate attitude towards the macho, seemingly outright dead, Rusty, but it does not explain his / her obsession and the allegedly lesbian tryst with Farrah Fawcett's Mary Ann. The movie is obsessed with sex but can hardly be blamed for being in favor of the sexual revolution; the whole sex is treated as if it were not dirty, at least perverted and humiliating. Turning to Gore Vidal's original novel is not helpful because it is as confused and meaningless as the movie itself. <br /> <br /> And this is a rare movie that really seems to hate movies. Not just movies as a business, but also films as part of the culture. The film itself is a wall-to-wall seduction to old films that approach all director and scriptwriter Sarne with seething contempt. He has attacked the film vaults of 20th Century Fox and peppered the film with snippets of old movies, not as a tribute or as a social commentary, but to mock the innocence of old Hollywood. How can an artist - if you want to call Sarne generous - make a work of art if he hates the medium in which he is currently working? The effort is completely self-destructive. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE seems to be nothing more than just being angry. It hates Hollywood, it hates America, it hates sex, it hates gays and heterosexuals and women and men and old people and young people and Laurel and Hardy. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is in a very sad and painful way the first punk manifesto, a celebration of pop culture nihilism.
