I bought a set of 4 DVDs for $ 10 from my local Suncoast, which included this movie and three other dirty horror movies (including the sequel "Witchcraft XI"). Basically, I paid the lowest price of $ 2.50 for this movie, if you expect. I can not say exactly that I was demolished. I have something for dirty horror movies, but that's the garbage that gives garbage a bad name. The budget could not exceed $ 1,000 (though it looks like they spend $ 1.50 in total). I know it's a low budget movie, but that's no excuse for totally uninspired camera works. The movie "Blood Cult", though not very good, was made for an extremely low budget and still had pretty good camera work and acting. The drama in this movie is the definition of "effortless," especially of that muscular guy with the Texas accent. Everyone pretty much reads the lines from the page. You can take that figuratively or literally. I would not be surprised if the script was not in the camera during the performance. I said before that I have never seen a bad English actor. This movie has some bad ones. And although English films are not always good, they always seem to have at least a certain amount of sophistication, which is why I do not see why Englishmen or Englishmen would voluntarily make a homecoming film like this at home. Has Merchant Ivory stopped their casting calls? I usually think that people are too busy with directors and actors. Even some of the worst films in Hollywood have a certain amount of professionalism in the areas of direction, acting and camera. Even if you see a movie like Glitter, you can not honestly say it looks like a third student shot those scenes (though a third student could have written the script). I've seen home videos that were better shot than "Witchcraft X," and that's no exaggeration. Even the gore is minimal, as the filmmakers only had money to buy fake blood, which they could buy at Party City. No effort has been made to make this film - let's sum it up. You get the picture. There is a lot of nudity, though that does not save it. But I have to say that the girl with the red-orange hair that is either naked or wearing a fissile outfit throughout the movie is really hot! <br /> <br /> My score: 1 (out of 10)
