But "Cinderella" gets my vote, not only for Disney's worst Disney films, but also for the worst movie the company made about Walt during her lifetime. The music is really pretty and history deserves to be called a "classic". What fails in this movie are the characters, especially the title character, who in the loose sense of the word can only be called "heroine". After a short prologue, the audience is introduced to Cinderella. She wakes up in the morning and sings "A dream is a wish your heart makes." This establishes her as an idealist (and therefore deserves our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script gives us no indication of what she's dreaming about. Freedom from her servant role? The respect of her stepfamily? Someone you can talk to except mice and birds? In a song (cut from the film, but featured in the section featuring the peculiarities of the latest DVD), Cinderella talks about her wish that there could be many of them so she can do their job more efficiently. You go girlfriend! In short, Cinderella is a very mild character. Passively, she accepts the abuse of her stepfamily and flees into her unspoken dreams. She asserts herself only once, reminding her stepmother that she is still a member of the family. In exchange, she gets permission to go to the ball when she does her housework and finds something to wear, a symbolic gesture that is obviously absurd for everyone, not Cinderella, of course. Can someone see Belle or Jasmine as such a doormat? When Cinderella is bored, her male counterpart is lifeless. The prince in Cinderella gets no dialogue and almost no screen time. We have no indication of whether he is a good man, whether he respects Cinderella or something else. All we know is 1) he is a prince and 2) he dances well. Heck, even the Prince of "Snow White" had to sing at least a romantic song. This lack of development not only makes romance less interesting, but also makes Cinderella either a social climber or an idiot and weakens her already weak appetite. Animators opted for the comic relief of the movie, Cinderella's friends, the mice, excessively To give time. Granted, these characters are amusing. If the comic relief steals the show from the lead actors, let's just say your story has some problems. <br /> <br /> Dinsey loves to call all animated features "masterpieces". While many of them exist, there are some who do not deserve this vocation in any way. Cinderella is a prime example of this fact.
