Following the release of Cube 2: Hypercube (2003) and the alleged success of the original Cube (1998), director Ernie Barbarash allows the third installment of the trilogy, the Prequel Cube Zero. Deep in the bowels of a vast and faceless institution, time and place unknown, two lower-ranking operators, Wynn (Zachary Bennett) and Dodd (David Huband), sit and observe the behavior of the people who have been around have been placed in a vast network of cubic chambers, some of which are equipped with death traps. They said that the people who are watching them are convicted criminals who have chosen this horrible and lethal test of a lethal injection. These observers had no problem with their work until Wynn, a mathematical genius, discovered that one of the prisoners, a woman named Cassandra (Stephanie Moore) has never agreed to be included in the dice. Suddenly it becomes clear that their "jobs" may not be what they seem, and that they can be part of something seriously ill and twisted ... <br /> <br /> For people who have seen the original cube and Prequel will probably not like you. It's not that history has no potential. It's just that the first cube movie never had to be extended. Standing alone, it is a pretty little psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and certainty about your own message. It was also nice in itself. The problem with Cube Zero is that it destroys some of the mystique of the original and tries to answer questions with more questions, but only results in a mess of what has never been repaired. What this new film has to offer, which raises questions about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil, are certainly good questions that should be raised, but they probably would have done on their own merit and not as a continuation of a movie without such aspirations. <br /> <br /> Having said this, the other features of the movie, like acting and directing and writing, are not terrible. The film, which resembles a film noir like "The Matrix" and "Dark City", has a dark, gloomy look, and they've certainly managed to recapture the claustrophobic feel of the first cube. Unfortunately, for Barbarash, these are not enough positive traits to save it.
