If you ever wanted to see a movie that emphasizes style over substance, this is for you. For me, Son de Mar is beautiful to SEE, but there is precious little substance, unless mawkish, melodramatic, manipulative love yarns attract you. This could be one of the famous "chick strips" of which you have heard so much. <br /> <br /> We are about halfway through this movie before anything really happens: Ulises (Jordi Molla) goes in search of tuna and does not go back to leave his wife Martina (Leonor Watling) ) and son take care of themselves. Then, in a furious six minutes of screen time, they bury Ulises, Martina marries again and her son grows into childhood. This fast transposition is frightening, very sloppy: after 40 or more minutes hanging around more or less, we are suddenly in a full blown melodrama, all in six minutes. I think this is called insatiable, narrative pacing. Five years later, Ulises (as in the wandering superhero Ulysses, do you understand?) Returns to his 'Penelope' (Watling), only to find out that she is married to Sierra (Eduard Fernandez), an inexplicably wealthy guy (what does he do, to earn all the dough?), who inexplicably keeps crocodiles as pets. When Martina, with great annoyance, asks Ulises about his absence, he tells her that one day he will bring her to Sumatra Island and understand ALL. <br /> <br /> And here's the thing: he DOESN I'll take her to the island of Sumatra. The reference just dies somewhere in the script. He does not really explain where he was and why he ignored his wife and child for five years. He does not release himself as an honorable guy, and the movie does NOT fill in the storylines that at least half of the movie stare at us. I can only assume that Director Bigas Luna wants us to fill the storyline with the mystical clues (fish, reptiles, sea) he offers through breathtaking filming and evasive dialogues. It just does not work. The narrative sheet in this movie looks more like a shaky clothesline. <br /> <br /> I'm sure Jordi Molla is a good actor, but I just could not buy his Ulises as heroes (that's how the original Ulysses should be). With wet sensuality, he spits some 2,000 times a short stanza of identical poetry from Virgil, which excites Martina every time to an explosive orgasm. This guy should be hired to revive outdated marriages. I'm sure Virgil would be impressed. He was not laid as often as I understand it. <br /> <br /> This poetic "device" plays a prominent role in the film, and I had no choice but to assume that it was a gender reversal of the famous "siren song" of Ulysses (ie beautiful girls who are seductive far into the distance, sailors who were doomed to fail when answering the siren call, if that's what Bigas Luna is up to, you can see the problem - he offers intricate symbolism in a snapshot attempt at High Art It just does not, at least in my eyes. <br /> <br /> Watling is a beautiful and magnetic young actor, but she gives us a character that does not seem to be much intellectual, even romantic depth, I can not imagine that she might fall in love with a guy wearing a rented sign on his face (like in an empty area), oily hair in the 1960s style that looks more like Algae look, and one of those trendy 21st century beards' (you know, four days of growth, nothing more, nothing less). He thinks he's a dreamy guy (I think), but his eyes indicate that he suffers more from excessive exposure with an absurd screenplay. <br /> <br /> But do not despair, this movie is great to watch. Do not try to connect the dots on the red pegs, or think too much about what you hear in the dialogue. You can fast forward the movie (especially in the first 40 minutes) and you really will not miss much.
