Steven Vasquez has directed and co-written with James Townsend the star, this weird little drama and horror movie with obviously very good ideas and intentions: Make a gay movie that has a different plot than the usual price and do it a drama that wants to be judged as a thriller. Why does not it work? For starters, the film loses its direction from the beginning of the frame and wanders through the film quite aimlessly. He is determined to make an exciting thriller, but he is prevented from satisfying an audience that wants to see naked encounters. Not that this is a bad thing: it can certainly improve some movies that have been successful in Hollywood. The film also tries to talk about experiencing young men and women experiences, relationships, broken parenting, the club scene with all the wild antics that accompany such events - and about murder. It's all a bit too much to stuff into a 96-minute movie. <br /> <br /> Devon (James Townsend) is, anyway, a successful child with a good friend, Jenna (Sarah Kelly), for whom he has his eye on boys and visits a bar where he plays Brian (Alex Wilson), who has taken the same path and can offer Devon support at every level. They tie up, Devon comes out, and the secrets begin: boys are missing in the neighborhood, Devon's stepfather psychologist dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) is not what he seems to be, and despite Devon's consoling mother Donna (Sonja Fisher) Devon is thrown into the street for his new relationship. It looks like Dr Tyler is in a dark business with detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle), who apparently examines the missing boys ... Devon gathers his resources from his sympathetic friend Jenna and her friends, and together reveals the group the dark deeds of Dr. Tyler and his detective buddy. And by doing so, Donna radiates warmth and understanding, like the perfect mother of a gay boy, etc. Some of the actors are pleasing to the eye (and there is hardly anything that the eye does not often investigate.)!), But the degree of action is always low. The only thing that forgives us (and in some cases it is just too bad to forgive) is the sense of commitment of all involved. Yes, this is a low budget movie and the director needs time to learn his craft. In the end, however, it is fair to say that those involved are trying to take a gay movie to another level. Maybe her next polished will be. Grady harp
