This movie, really, I mean REALLY, is shit. It has such great action holes, and a 30-foot dragon can fit through them. Not to mention the dragon itself, which is inevitably the worst computer-generated image ever made on the film. I mean, when you see something like that, you have to think, "Wow, somebody did that movie, then he released it, it takes guts." Whoever they are, I'm sure they're not working in the movie business anymore. <br /> <br /> When I did this movie, he was not on DVD, so I reluctantly took him on video. The first thing to see was a Lord of the Rings trailer for the two towers. This was a very smart move to put this trailer on the video. It justifies me (reluctantly) to give the movie a star, otherwise I would have given it zero stars. Maybe the producers would pull the main attraction of Dean Cain (I think you spell that out) into the crowd (uh, to the video store that is). as in Hulk) (I'm assuming) to compensate for what an atrocity this crap movie is. On the cover page we see a picture of our hero and the dragon. Does the dragon look exactly like the one in Dragonheart or is it just me? In any case, the dragon in the movie looks like Gremlins 2 and has the CGI of a Nintendo video game rogue from the early 90s on (maybe worse). Nor is the Dragons movement pursuing its victim - it is the same monotonous movement - right leg, left leg, right leg, left leg, dom, dom, dom, dom, dom, dom, dom. That just pisses me off. Maybe the filmmakers thought that this was exciting and would have the same effect as Jaws. Why not have a dragon POV shot? Either way, that was just funny, similar to watching a Weebl-Toon. Dean Cain raises many confused looks during the film (maybe he agrees that this film can end his career). Do not expect Superman here. When I first saw the trailer for this movie, I thought it was an add-in for a PS2 game. <br /> <br /> As for history, so bad, my 5-year-old brother can get on better with those who are not convincingly trying to lie about why he was playing around in my room while I was not there. Oh, and did I mention that I hated the people who made this incredible fool? !!!
