... and not in a good way. BASEketball is a waste of film in almost every way. It is offensive to all senses. It does not really bother me, I've seen a lot of bad movies, really bad movies and I'll see them again. BASEketball is a caliber movie in which you regret having spent ninety minutes of your life with it. BASEketball offends me because it shows Trey Parker and Matt Stone in a movie they did not write. Every respect that I had for David Zucker has long been exhausted. His recent spoof films are lazy messes that look and feel as if they were made by pre-pubescent boys giggling at penis joke. "Airplane" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy. If you look at BASEketball, you will be amazed that they were made by the same person. <br /> <br /> I have so much respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are today the funniest and smartest comedians in mainstream entertainment. Her pictures and South Park episodes are as relevant as they are funny. Every joke, even the fart jokes, have intelligence behind them. It is easy to forget that there is a mature way to approach immaturity. I can imagine that BASEketball was a growing experience for her because she hated the movie for all the right reasons. It's a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone have essentially eradicated themselves. The movie runs like a 90-minute episode of Family Guy. Parker and Stone have never been great actors. They were useful in their films. I can not really find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball except the fact that it feels like spoofing a fake movie that fakes a fake movie. Each line is delivered in such a stupid way. It's like trying to make fun of the worst of these kinds of pictures, and yet they become them in the same way. I remember the South Park episode "How To Eat With Butt," in which Cartman sits in a movie theater watching a brutal comedy with no plot or plausibility, except for Grudge, Parker, and Stone using the same voices as in this scene this whole picture. Really sad. <br /> <br /> And that's not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest criticism of this picture is that I'm sitting there knowing that Parker and Stone knowingly follow this crap script. I know if they had taken the damned thing and rewritten it, it could have been brought so far that it was observable. There is no hint that sugar made her improvise scenes. Parker and Stone are just tools for a bad director. BASEketball has some fun concepts and I think Parker could have learned a lot more about it if he was allowed to take the sugar script. Instead, we get potty humor. Do not rent BASEketball, you can get the same laughs when you watch a group of elementary students playing around
