I gave this movie 5 out of sheer compassion. My intention is not to blast anyone, because I have seen, as I have shouted through other comments, that this film is much appreciated by many. Well, it's not worth the praise, and I say that because I've seen the original anime basilisk, and this movie deeply shames him. If you see Shinobi alone, you might like it. It's gratifying, due to the well-choreographed battles, which are more based on fantasy than martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is profoundly upgraded. But the story is not the original one. Well, I understand that when you turn anime / manga into a movie, you have to make some changes. I did not expect to see the crazy characters from the anime, though they have an established role and some are really profound and well designed. But I certainly did not expect that immense and misplaced changes would ruin the entire story. Characters who are dramatically and unethically mutilated and turned into something the public may love more. For example, Oboro, who in the anime is a sweet, innocent girl who is completely and totally in love with Gennosuke, becomes a vengeful clan leader in the movie. I liked the fact that the woman becomes strong and avoids the restrictions imposed on her by the era (we are talking about Japan, 17th century), but her mood swings are unbelievable and poorly written. Hotarubi, one of my favorite characters in the film, but not known for her childlike and sensitive nature, becomes a pathetic little girl who is not just in love with the anime, but more or less worthless in the plot. I could go on as they have made Tenzen the worst and most dangerous character in the anime, exceptionally weak and unattractive, or as Gennosuke, the main character, seems completely out of place and confused, not to mention WEAK. The music is beautiful and the picture is amazing what was expected of a Japanese movie, and I really appreciate that. But do not look at it if you've seen and enjoyed Basilisk because it's just hopeless. Although Basilisk is based on fantasy, with elements of terror and largely exaggerated, he is great and has so much more depth in his characters, his plot, his historical value and it may be heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time and I could not believe that it went on after the climax. Unfortunately, it hurts me deeply to judge a movie so hard, but I advise against it. Please look at the anime or at least the movie first, and then repair your image of Basilisk by looking at the anime. Otherwise you will have a seizure if you find out how they massacred him.
