It seems a shame that Greta Garbo ended her glorious career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous mistake of false identity. After the success of her first romantic comedy, Ernst Lubitsch's masterful "Ninotchka" (1939), in which she ideally acted as a stern Russian ambassador, Garbo and her lead man Melvyn Douglas are united for a sitcom-level story by Karin Borg, a simple Jane -Skilehrerin who impulsively marries the publishing director Larry Blake, if he is in love with her. After clarifying that work is his priority, Karin unintentionally decides to disguise herself as a high-flying twin sister to test her husband's loyalty when he's back in Manhattan directed by George Cukor, the 1937 Garbo's largest dramatic performance "Camille" led, because this is as unflattering a vehicle as one could imagine for the screen legend. Only someone with Carole Lombard's natural sense of lightness and mischief would have the same in the by-the-number script of S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intention behind this comedy was to modernize and Americanize Garbo's image for the wartime audience, where the studio heads thought they were not interested in the tragic characters they favored in the 1930s. <br /> <br /> Mostly tricky party girl Katherine loose and especially compared with experienced farceurs like Douglas and Constance Bennett as romantic rival Griselda. Garbo, who was photographed by Joseph Ruttenberg unflattering, looks tired in many scenes and in their tight hairstyle for the dance sequence "chica-choca" downright abominable. The story ends conventionally, but with the addition of a long physical sequence in which Larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain cliffs, unfortunately reminding me of Sonny Bono's death. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare appearance at this point in their careers) show up in comic supporting roles as Douglas' collaborators. This movie is not yet on DVD, and I would not consider it a priority for the transfer, as it is a curio in Garbo's otherwise legendary career. She was reportedly quite unhappy during the shoot. I can see why.
