Perhaps you are a bit confused when you look at this silly made-for from the beginning, as Susan Dey is listed in the credits as "Special Guest Star". Why should such a one-time MOW have a guest star? Well, if you stick with it, you'll care about little else than about Ms. Dey's butt wiggling in a blooming bikini, while the "Partridge Family" doll on the beach plays on the beach alluded to by this imaginative title. Susan's Derrière is particularly captivating when she shakes him in the camera while teasing and tickling her pseudo-dissatisfied brother in a slightly incestuous scene. Sadly, Susie and her buddy are fighting a losing battle: The shaky TV madness that could have brought this ground over the edge was three years ahead of time, so the sweet loot gets only a minor role. In 1976, Fat Freddy Silverman would have left it behind and used this strip as Susan's opening credits for Charlie's Angels. Our Susan was denied the immortality of cheesecake, and she had to settle for a very commendable career in which she played fat, neurotic women. <br /> <br /> The view beyond Susan's cock is not very convincing. The landscape is beautiful and photographed in a bizarre, hazy manner that briefly gives the impression that behind the camera is a somewhat unusual creative intelligence. Nope. It's just a typically tense 70s TV thriller that allowed the TV series to earn weekly series stars (and collect some cable leftovers, even though they obviously did not know that at the time) and showed their "reach". "Here we are greeted by a TV-scale nuclear television family that adjusts itself to TV hitters who can not decide whether they are a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult (the filmmakers share the difference by placing them in dune buggies) and have never learned one of the most important lessons of television in the 1970s: Do not mess with Dennis Weaver (see "McCloud" and "Duel") The only potential for depth in this movie is the aforementioned teenage son character of Steve, played by forgotten (if remembered) forgotten Kristoffer Tabori, who is reputedly rebellious and disturbed and may feel sympathy and attraction for the lawless mob who (presumably) threatening his family, but Steve, as played by Tabori (gosh, why did not we see this prodigy again?), is actually grumpy and moody and not at odds when Big D becomes serious and in the proverbial saying (and literally) sand. Just for lack of sleep and for Susan Deyniacs (there must be some of you out there).
