If this movie is being played on TV, you may want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special that you need to see. The story is about two married couples from Arkansas traveling to Reno together. Pair number one is Lonnie Earl Dodd, who is a car dealer and has problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and she has a low self-esteem of herself and they have not been intimate for a long time. Lonnie slept with Candy (Charlize Theron), the wife of his best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all drive to Reno and the four live in a luxurious suite. Roy and Candy tried to have a baby, and eventually Candy discovers that she's pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and finds out he's sterile. Candy and Lonnie admit their affair and now the whole journey is in chaos. Directed by Jordan Brady, this movie has shot a few other low-budget films, but this is his first film with an impressive cast. Unfortunately, Brady does not show much comedic flair, but you can not lay all the blame on him. This script is just not funny and one of the glaring issues is that the characters are all written on a sitcom level. Just because they're all from the South does not mean they have to be naive and idiotic. Thornton's character does not have the sophistication of giving the bellboy more than a dollar. Swayze's character is described by everyone in the film as stupid and stupid, and one of the rare good moments is when he asks everyone to leave him for at least a day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute and is a completely worthless and meaningless cameo. She hardly speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think she is committed to Harvey and Bob Weinstein, who are executive producers for this film. The only person who is not bad at all is Richardson. We see her becoming more self-confident, but this action in the film is very obvious and cliché. All these actors should know better and it's hard to understand that they all read the script and liked it. It's a complete waste of time for these actors, but at least they were paid. As for the viewers, you will not get paid, so skip this one!
