The script (by David H. Steinberg) seemed at first to have some wise points that would have to be a good romantic comedy can lead, BUT BUT BUT, oh my darling! What ever happened to the way ??? <br /> <br /> I'll tell you what happened. Originally it is (Animal House - 1978) and (Porky's - 1982). That was a long time ago, but these are the pioneers, the godparents of the new genre: the rough teen comedy. Then came the nineties. After important cases that became crashing hits (I add repulsive hits), like (Problem Child - 1990), (Dumb and Dumber - 1994), (The Nutty Professor - 1996) and (There Something About Mary - 1998), I think Slackers is affected by this, there was the culmination of the era and the prophets of the next era, the one and only: (American Pie - 1999), which is undoubtedly and incomparably an icon of the genre. After that I think any comedy of this kind so dirty, had cum laude be angry that they could be admired by the young, otherwise it could be out of fashion! <br /> <br /> I believe that (Slackers) a smart plot first as a script, then the makers have done a lot: rudeness, filth, strangely shameless sex - these days - as easy as a breeze! As if they had to fill each scene with free elements, such as: masturbation, oral sex, urination, etc., just to look at the mode la '. They are completely unnecessary items for the story, but YOU ARE so necessary to generate profits and to know the latest trends in the production of teen comedies. The problem is how all this has already replaced any comedy. Some of his moments literally looked awful, and that's the point, you see. It's all in (Jason Schwartzman) appearance and performance; memorable disgusting to the extreme. Thus, the ambition of this romantic comedy transformed into the transformation of what was not previously made of pure skin images. More like a horror, where you ask all the time; what nastier would happen? (Vomiting, farts, etc.); This is the simplest combination to create a comedy today. <br /> <br /> Even if you hated it, you have to love something (mostly for being brave), but for me it was just Gina Gershon cameo scene. However, they have designed it as a whole to achieve outrage for monstrosity, like the naughty dream of a teenager. Although most of it was close to almost every nightmare. <br /> <br /> What saddened me was that this work was essentially a real potential work and not another cheap, another stupid comedy, as it had finally done. Remember well the details of the theft of the exam (the first 2 minutes), so the main plan of the movie (madman, who tries to reach a girl by blackmailing cool guys) by the pattern (boy loves girls and girls loves to save another boy) It's nothing but an open blow. It dealt with the material that would the sticky kind of dirty college guys who had nothing else to do than to make out anything but scorn do. It ended up being, and I'm sorry to have to say it, a smiling thing. In the end it said something (you can imagine!) About how it's time and place to win for the cheater or the wimp, much like this comedy itself. It sounds good and ends up for another better movie. that could assure my opinion about this as smart .. once! And it does not take much to understand that the creators of this movie were the real slackers! Being stupid is perhaps a way to be smart in Hollywood, but even if ... The end result was not funny at least. <br /> <br /> PS: His scriptwriter (David H. Steinberg), who also wrote the story of (American Pie 2), has a main page on the IMDb, which you can see under "more details". His usual "plot keywords" are: Sex / Vulgarity / Crude Humor / ... They just forgot to write Urining while showering or Entblasen of 70-year-old women!
