Slackers is just another teenage film that is not worth watching. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are about to graduate from Holden University with honors in lies, deceit and intrigue. The three roommates have been taking pride in the last four college years, and now, during the final exams, these tall men on campus are being defeated by a highly unlikely type at school. The plot is very stupid and there is no reason to watch it, unless you want to turn off your brain for a while. Slackers is just a predictable teen movie that does not add anything new to the genre. The comedy in Slackers is either hit or miss, but there is no really funny or original moment in the movie. It's really just a collection of gags and some are actually pretty funny. However, there are at least eight others who do not. The script is full of penis and chest jokes that some high school and college students enjoy. Even if they do, they will probably not remember this movie after a while, since this is not a very memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays crazy Ethan, and after bending into some good comedies, he's bent over quite a bit. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are the other main stars, but they do a rather bad job in this movie. This is the director of Dewey Nicks, and it's his first movie, so you can not blame him too much. The funniest character was probably Laura Prepon, she's not very much in the movie. The film is very short at just 86 minutes, but for some people who do not really like that kind of humor, it can be too long. Slackers is not the worst film of the year 2002, but certainly below average. Compared to other films in the genre, there's much better out there, like Not Another Teen Movie, American Pie and its sequels, Scary Movie 1 & 2, and so on. So if you have not seen most of them and are looking for something new, Slackers might fit on this bill, but it is better if you look at something else. Rating 4.3 / 10 A below-average teen comedy that is worth skipping.
