There are a lot of films whose release dates have been set just to get out of business due to a legal Snafu style and then get blown up for a long time. One can only wish that a movie is as corrupt as "Slackers" has remained in a coma, which is worth what is tiny. The release dates have been constantly postponed for this really horrible movie that's as much on the radar as it deserves. The premise begins under the guise of Ethan, a creepy nerd with a frightening obsession for the campus bomb Angela. Devilishly, Ethan asks David and his friends who cheated on the school for their entire run with blackmail to win Angela. I do not like to spend spoilers, but I can make an exception for such a crap. Angela falls on David, Ethan purposely destroys everything, the good win. That's what happens in a nutshell for another tired retreading of the teenage genre. Great humor is funny, he always went back to the time of the immortal classic "Animal House", to contemporaries like "Crazy for Mary" and "Road Trip" among dozens, of which there are too many to mention. But if you use it as a plot point, you can only go so far, for example, that Ethan has an Angela doll made up of her single strands of hair that he knows what he's doing with it. Nobody wants to bear witness to watching Ethan showering while showering while singing to himself. Nobody wants to watch a young man singing with a sock on his penis "She comes around the mountain". But nothing can prepare you for the full visual attack when Mamie Van Doren bares her breasts at the age of 71. I do not know if it's the lack of coherence in the story that leads to scenes that make absolutely no sense. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after discussing this movie, you can only wish he returns to work. The worst thing you can do in any movie is that you have the impression that you are having fun, because you are distracting your goals, just like "slackers" by bruising the action sketch under a bunch of rough jokes and vignettes Lack of construction. It's like a bunch of college students getting drunk, taking a camcorder, shooting a bunch of coincidence and putting it together. If you want to see a teen comedy that's really good, then I suggest "American Pie" and "Animal House" or "Road Trip", something entertaining and not terribly bad like "slackers". Coincidentally, Cameron Diaz makes a cameo appearance in this film, just as she did in another bad movie like "The Sweetest Thing," in which the story treats gross humor like another plot rather than a device that resembles this catastrophe , If you pass "Slackers" in your local video store, just keep going and let it down the shelf as it deserves.
