I was aware of Rohmer's admiration for the late works of those he considered great cinematic experiences, and that ordinary viewers are generally considered artistic failure (as the last films by Renoir or Chaplin, yes, that has "politique des auteurs" also its dark side). But with "Les amours d 'Astrée et de Céladon" it is as if Rohmer himself wanted for the last film the tradition of great directors, who made a last senile film, by the adaptation of Urfés "L'astrée" maintained ridiculous aesthetic codes that look like a parody of Rosselini's last films (which he made from Descartes or Marx's life for television). In his version of "Perceval," Rohmer's film refused to depict real landscapes to be a re-transcription of the The director apparently changed his mind when the XVIIth century was involved, and films actors dressed like 17th-century peasants reciting their ancient text, surrounded by contemporary trees and landscapes But the whole thing looks even more ridiculous than Luchini and his false trees ... It's not that the story itself is stupid, but the kind and the way in which Rohmer mixes naturalism with artifacts seems so childish and amateur that she quickly becomes involuntarily funny (and I'm not even talking about the irritating pronunciation of the actors, the annoying and sad humorist) of Rodolphe Pauly, the ridiculous soft-talker. erotic tone, the poor musical tentative or the strange fascination for transvestites!). <br /> <br /> The movie's radical aesthetics make the movie look like a joke that blends a soft-erotic, mixed-use film with theological scholastic discussions (sic!). At the beginning of the film, Rohmer teaches us that the original French region of history is now disfigured by modernity. Therefore, he had to shoot "L'Astrée" in other parts of the country. However, I'm sure the film would have looked more modern and interesting if Rohmer had actually filmed the same story in a modern space with the same narrative codes and artistic choices. This movie may interest a few historians, but most cinephiles may laugh at this recent and sad Rohmer movie.
