I usually do not write a comment when there are so many others, but this time I feel like I have to. I talked about taste in another post and said it's all in the eye of the beholder, but when it comes to this movie, if it likes it, it just means you have a bad taste. I love movies. I loved Isle of the Dead, a fairly unknown B & W movie. I even liked "Scream" and "Scary Movie". I liked these movies because they have, if not very, at least something good about them. I appreciate 99.9% of the films I've seen because they tell a story I've never heard before, and most directors only make films with a good plot. Throughout the movie, I thought, "Where is it going?" (even at the end) "Where did you get those awful actors?" "Are you kidding?" and something like that. I was skeptical of the obvious twist, but hoped he might "make" the film and prove that I had not wasted my time. I was wrong. The story was initially bad and the phrase actually spoiled any glimmer of hope that existed. Here is an outline: Storyline ?? Similar to the first movie that was alright, this movie is slow and economical and has no relation to characters or situations. The situations are crispy and shallow and totally boring and predictable. The phrase was awful, I did not feel like excitement or WOW at all. Only "my god". There was nothing in most of the film to look back on and thought, "Oooo was not so smart," because it was not so. The "Fight Club" ends up with flashbacks that show bits of cryptic Tyler's true identity, and when you saw it again, you saw more, it was truly a genius, as it was written, laid out and arranged , This was a pointless attempt to make a great turn. I think they were "wild things" that were like a pretty bad double whammy, and I still liked the movie because the rest was alright and it was not too much of a big shot. It's like the CI2 author thought it would be the best twist ever. But it's really just a bad story with a bad turn in the end. The movie ended almost immediately afterward, and the entire movie went blank through the entire story of Sebastian, which meant nothing, and a horrible, half-enforced, pedophile ending with a particularly young and innocent theatrical girl. Acting Art ?? The actors in this movie are horrible. Almost as bad as a "Sunset Beach". - Extremely stupid and poorly executed. It's not that bad, it's good as "hunk". The worst thing I thought came from Amy Adams playing Kathryn, it was a rigid, pathetic and ill-conceived performance of her. Robin Dunne was poor too. I have not seen "American Psycho II" yet, but no doubt his relaxed "cool" style has also ruined this movie. <br /> <br /> I can not even say that it is a good movie for teenagers, as it is not. If my son or daughter liked this movie, I would be ashamed. But they would not do it anyway, because they would consider all the things that make up a good movie of which this movie has nothing. Really. I'm disappointed that some have said "You may not be in the age bracket for this movie, and you do not like it that way". I like all the movies that I liked as a teenager and had very good taste. Do you really think that from the age of 20 you suddenly do not like youthful storylines? I liked "Mean Girls" and other generic teen movies and watch "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. There's no excuse for bad direction, drama and script, I'm afraid. Also, I was 16/17 when I saw it for the first time. As you get older, you make a horrible movie easier to judge. I can not believe that anyone can give 10/10, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I gave him 9 because I know it can be better. It's a shame for this site that people do that, give 10s flippant or not get the movies / show, and so give them 2. Everyone who liked this movie should vary their tastes and maybe their lives, and with that It's clear that this is the worst movie ever made. (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you're not a bad-taste teenager or just plain bad, you'll absolutely hate this movie.
