Normally, I'm not so harsh with sequels, especially if the first movie was done well and was ultimately a good movie. For 1999, I have the impression that one of the top five films was Cruel Intentions. It had everything a great movie should have except for an original story. Since he was adapted from a novel, he was still damned good. On to Cruel Intentions 2, which was supposed to be just the prelude to a series based on the movie called Manchester Prep. What must not have happened. After seeing this trifle of a movie, I can understand. Before that, I was like the writer and director Roger Kumble, too. Well, 1 minute in this movie I was disappointed. It begins with a reissue of the opening of the original with another Twist-Sebastian, instead of putting the naked image of the downsized daughter on the net, but the headmistress in the school directory naked. That would have been fine if the lady had not been 50 years old. And basically, the rest of the movie is a would-be copy of the original. What I understand, if there's nothing wrong with it, leave it as it was. But you can not do that with a movie. Since it was indeed a prequel, I gave him a chance to see just how they developed in Part One. But since Sebastian was more or less just a joke and Kathryn was one herself and turned Sebastian into the sexual predator he was in. A real story, this movie had no basis for it. Who made the casting on this thing was far away. At least they could have tried to find people who looked like the original cast, but no, they only hired a bunch of not-so-handsome actors. I use that term, although I do not know why. You certainly did not do anything in this movie. <br /> <br /> This whole movie is a series of inserts that do not even match the joke the original had. Well, some of them did, but that was just because they were. Part 1: Another downside was the first part, where you could understand that they need to take care of their attention because their parents were not involved and they were badly used to show why the kids were so. It did not work though. But the best part about the original was that the cast had chemistry that brought you into this world. The tension on the screen made the film what it was. This thing really ruins the experience of the first stay away from it.
