Cruel Intentions 2 is damn terrible, I mean extremely bad. Words can not explain how bad it is, but I'll try anyway. <br /> <br /> The plot of Cruel Intentions 2 is very similar to the first movie. Sebastian (Robin Dunne) is thrown out of a private school and has to move to New York. There he decides to make a fresh start and a normal life and settle down. Unfortunately, he has to deal with his stepsister Kathryn (Amy Adams). Sebastain falls in love with Danielle (Sarah Thompson), the headmaster's innocent daughter. Kathryn wants Sebastain to sleep with the whole school called the "whore house". Kathryn also wants to take revenge on Cherie (Keri Lynn Pratt), who humiliated her during the school meeting. Kathryn wanted to make the newbie the biggest slut in the school, a similar subplot as the first movie. Cruel Intentions 2 is basically a canceled TV show that has become a prequel. There are so many problems with the movie. It's badly written, not funny and badly traded. Fortunately for Amy Adams, that the show never started, because she is now a pretty big actress. While Cruel Intentions had a sense of realism and can be seen in the real world, Cruel Intentions 2 is in sitcom land and, as described on amazon.co.uk, a cool version of Saved by the Bell. In the first movie, there were some dark issues that involved sex and drug use, but in Cruel Intentions 2, you tried to make fun of it, and some of the ideas in the movie should not be like Kathryn, who has an affair with a teacher. Other ideas do not work, such as the secret society in which all the popular children meet to discuss the downfall of other students. The film also had a big problem for the sexualized 15/16 year old. I know that teenagers sometimes have sex, but if they are made in film or television, they are taken very seriously. A famous feeling was when Daneille Cherie (who is around 14/15 in the movie) encouraged to simulate sex on horseback to the point where she had an orgasm. The idea of ​​turning a girl into a slut at 14/15 is simply wrong for me and should not become comedy. The jokes in the movie falter, whether it's a verbal gag, like "she gets very wet when she sees you" to a visual gag where Sebastian Kathryn's face first bumps into the mud wrong with this movie, for which I have no time, but I say, it should be avoided. Just look at Cruel Intentions, though it's not a classic, it's still a decent movie and treats the topic well. <br /> <br /> This movie is just a perverted dream when schoolchildren have a lot of sex with each other.
