When the movie started, I was shocked to see that he was being filmed with a cheap video camera! In fact, the camera shakes and looks worse than your average home movie. Even direct-to-DVD movies should offer better production values! Much of the home video uploaded to YouTube has better production values! Too often, the movie seems to be made serious by gluing the camera on a tripod and turning it on - without the cameraman! Close-ups and anything akin to camerawork are missing in some of the scenes they may have worked in, and in others there are too many or poorly framed close-ups. Yecch! <br /> <br /> The film is about two gay men who want to marry. As was done almost a decade ago, her only option was to marry in Vermont - times have definitely changed. The acceptance of gay marriage lately, however, can in no way be attributed to this film. If anything, the supporters of homosexual marriage sit back rather than help because the movie stinks and he never really tries to seriously address the problem. According to the film, religious people are one-dimensional idiots who carry bibles everywhere and shoot at people and women who have gay husbands who are narrow-minded when they learn that their spouses have a liar figure. I am sure that both sides have an honest chance in this matter! <br /> <br /> The quintessence - nothing in the film shows professionalism and I even hesitate to call it a movie. It's more like a home movie and does not even deserve an entry on IMDb or even inclusion in the bottom 100 list of the worst rated movies ever. The acting is terrible, the writing is terrible, the direction (if any) is terrible, the camera work is terrible and the plot is terrible. It is a home theater !! There's nothing positive I can say about that, except that Ed Wood's films compare to Oscar contenders, and I'm sure Mr. Wood's ghost smiles every time someone watches this mess. <br /> <br /> I do not care if you're gay or heterosexual - this movie is not worth your time and I do not know how he managed to make DVDs of it. I assume that one of the actors burns them in his spare time on his home computer! Seriously, that gives the word "bad" a new meaning! By the way, if the one woman in the movie was a real lawyer, reading skills would not be an important requirement ?! I'm just saying. <br /> <br /> Finally, since gay marriage is such a serious and important issue, can not we have a movie BETTER than THIS one dealing with the subject ?! This invites only to laugh.
