The worst movie ever, this is a statement people often throw around here at IMDb. No matter if it's the Uwe Boll movie, bad classics like Manos The Hands Of Fate or the latest no brain Summer Actionfest by Michael Bay - people often come to the sudden conclusion that there is nothing worse on the wall in the movie world. <br /> <br /> I envy these people because they are blissfully ignorant and do not know how deep the rabbit hole of the crap movie really goes. There are films that are so bad, so vile, unintentionally funny and so ridiculous that cults form to celebrate their awfulness, and their discussion forums are the friendliest places on the internet, as everyone agrees that the movie really does bad is. Ladies and Gentlemen, I present you Ben and Arthur, an 85-minute gay epic that is so bad that it is very similar to a violent car accident. You know, it's terrible, but you can not stop watching it. The idea of ​​the self-proclaimed "Hollywood actor, director" and I may add the stranded whale Sam Mraovich, this movie is legendarily awful. Let me give you an indication of how this project was driven by ego. Mr. Mraovich not only staged the film, he wrote it, produced it, it was produced, counted, edited and finally played by the management. This is a man who is so blinded by his own ego and so believes in his nonexistent genius that, like someone with an ugly child, he does not realize how catastrophic his bastard creation really is. Everything in this movie On an epic level, the actors fail the worst you'll ever experience. The plot is the most ludicrous, the editing and the cinematography are the laity and even the music is like nails on a blackboard. I'm aware that I'm a bit touched here, but please believe me, that this movie is really as bad as I describe it. I would say that this movie is crushed on horseback, but the truth is It was not even shot on film, it was shot on a digital camcorder, not much better than the one currently sitting in your closet collecting dust. Do not get me wrong, I'll give low budgets for movies, provided the concept is interesting, like the way I did not like it. The Blair Witch Project has proven that low budgets can still lead to an atmospheric movie. Ben and Arthur do not have a good concept to fall back on, even if this movie was filmed on a budget of 20 million with Hollywood's best actors, that would still be shitty, the plot is so abhorrent and the characters are even worse. One of the protagonists of Arthur, who is portrayed by none other than Sam Mraovich, is one of the most melancholy little shit ever put into a movie. You will not like him within 5 minutes of starting the movie, and at the end of the movie, this hatred will be an absolute disgust. Apparently Mr. Mraovich forgot that we should root for the hero. <br /> <br /> I do not want to spoil all the damn fun you'll see watching this movie I'll give you two mild tame examples of how silly this movie is, tame and mild like the least offensive mistakes of the movie. In one cut we hear that one of the main characters says "they know a good lawyer and call him". The shot disappears, then fades in again, and this HIM you talked about earlier is actually a woman, a pretty spectacular mistake I think in post production. The second is simple: Seconds after this transsexual lawyer was seen, the characters are said to fly to Vermont. Then we cut off an airplane that lands between palm trees in a sunny area. I've never been to Vermont before, but I'm sure you will not find palm trees there. <br /> <br /> Imagine these kind of stupid amateur contradictions, stretched to nearly an hour and a half, combined with ridiculous conversations, then plotting and multiplying it by 10, and it still will not completely hit Ben and prepare Arthur. Imagine the absolute worst movie you've ever seen in your life and imagine it would be even worse and you still will not be on the same level as Ben and Arthur. This movie is really that bad. <br /> <br /> However, we should be happy in some ways, films like this are a real rarity. They give us the hope that someday we can become filmmakers ourselves or become scriptwriters. Quite simply, because we have a new sense of self, because we know that nothing is produced, no matter how amateurs can be as fun as this. <br /> <br /> The Real The worst movie of all time has finally been discovered and is called Ben and Arthur.
