Oh man, what was Sam Mraovich thinking? What did anyone think that was involved in this "movie"? Mraovich is the boss of almost everything from "Ben and Arthur": Director, Author, Producer (also executive producer!), Caster, Lead Star - you name it, he did it. And he (Mraovich) sucks more than ever before in any department of filmmaking was sucked. <br /> <br /> So what's up with this movie? Everything. The film is about two gay lovers, Ben (Jamie Brett Gabel) and Arthur (Mraovich * moan *). Ben and Arthur want to marry in a world where everyone hates the principle of homosexuality. To make matters worse, Ben's crazy "ex-wife" (she does not divorce exactly), Tammy (Julie Belknap) is crazy that Ben left her for another man and demands that Ben get back together (Saying that she can be gay too!) and Arthur's Christians, exaggeratedly hypocritical and as angry as Victor, Tammy's brother. He's damned determined to get Arthur to go straight and kill him after being thrown out of his church. <br /> <br The film is a block full of so many boobies (ie, Ben and Arthur fly to Vermont to marry - they go there with Alaska Airlines and Vermont has palms flying back in a FedEx cargo plane - hope that they were.) comfortable in a wooden box, plus many, many more) and plotting holes (Victor calls for the death of Arthur "The Final Plan", which will later be changed to "The Final Deed"); Arthur and the private (internal) detective drive in the same car. bla bla bla). The "actors" are all very bad and too far away; the script is ridiculously horrible (such an example is "I do not make sense, you do not make sense, I make sense, that makes sense!") and there is so much more wrong with the "movie" that I can write Do not open it. <br /> <br /> However, the most ridiculous but unbelievable thing about "Ben and Arthur" is that Sam Mraovich thinks he has created something truly fantastic (see his fake reviews for "Ben & Arthur" and obvious comments from him) YouTube.). Mraovich is narcissistic and his arrogance blinds him, because he sees how horrible something really is with his name. So, forget about any bad movie you claim is the worst movie you've ever said Arthur "will immediately throw her off this title, even Paris Hilton movies look like" The Dark Knight "in the Compared to the monstrosity "Ben and Arthur".
