I have no idea what on earth or beyond Sam Mraovich would have thought would have been a worthy project. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst movies ever made. In fact, I see no reason why it should not rank # 1 in the bottom 100. Because although I, for example, Super Babies: Baby Geniuses have not seen two (no. 5 at the time of this publication), I would dare guess is that this film is much better dripping as this wound, because even in his gloomy affliction was at least Baby Geniuses 2 done professionally. By contrast, everything, and I mean everything, in this movie is completely unprofessional. <br /> <br /> The film is said to be an attack on the alleged bigotry of Christian Right and hatred for gays. And I emphasize "intended". It not only falls completely and completely to the end, but also leaves an ugly scar. Instead of creating a compelling and realistic portrait of the struggle of a gay couple against a society that largely opposes it creates tired crass stereotypes of the parties involved. Ben and Arthur, the couple of the same name appear as two raw, sex-starved and hopeless romantic cardboard cutout, who marry when to change the laws to make that happen. This is true of the opposition of Ben's brother Victor, a Christian minister who like all Christians (as we would believe in this film) is loud, inquisitive, stupid and violent. He tries to kill Ben and Arthur after his connections with them have thrown him out of the Ministry. As in real life. And if you think that's terrible (is it), you have not seen everything. <br /> <br /> The actors (?) work to destroy any trace of credibility in this film completely by using their lines as if you say told a YouTube comedy video. But not even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando as the title characters could have saved these clunkers, because it would still be the question of completely insane and laughing dialogue that fills every minute of the film. Every scene has at least one awkward or wrong quote. In one scene Victor tries to complain, for example, that he can not have any nieces or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality. But clearly illustrate rather than this idea, he spits the stupid, totally confusing, whiny-sounding line: "You know what, I'll never have nieces or nephews, okay, because you're so ED UP." <br /> <br /> Even more blatantly is the complete lack of production values. Yes, I know that this is not The Dark Knight, but even amateur filmmakers should know some basics about special effects and editing. For example, six dots of red cake dye are not enough for realistic gunshot wounds. People do not teleport between takes through a room. And items do not drop when shooting FORWARD! <br /> <br /> Do not waste your money on Ben & Arthur. I do not care if you're 7, 17 or 107. I do not care if you're gay, hetero, bi, or undecided. I do not care if you are "just curious". I do not care what pathetic reason you must be tempted to buy that bastard. Stay away, far away. The only redeeming quality of this film is its ability to be used as a Frisbee.
