I made the big mistake of watching this whole movie a few nights ago. God, I'm still trying to recover. This movie does not even earn an average of 1.4. IMDb needs 0 votes for movies that really deserve it. A 1.4 is TOO HIGH. <br /> <br /> I had heard how awful this movie was, but I really did not think a movie could actually be that bad, especially at this time and in this era. I figured all the cheesy God horrible movies were only from the fifties and sixties. My god was wrong. Trust me, people, this movie is really bad. It is more than terrible; it is miserable; it's beyond any kind of word that I can think of. BATTLEFIELD EARTH looks like the best picture of the year compared to this movie. SNAKE ISLAND (which was the worst movie I've ever seen) seems to earn some Oscars compared to this miserable effort. I really can not believe the makers of this movie think this was a legitimate serious effort to produce a Hollywood movie. There's no reason to call a movie. For the first 25 seconds of the movie, I seriously thought I was watching a high school theatrical class trying to make a short film. Or better yet, I thought it was a Saturday night live rip-off sketch of the real thing. I mean, it looks exactly like that. The spectacle is terrible; The whole movie looks like it was shot on a 20 year old VHS video camera. The special effects ....... well, the good gentleman who was retired from back then had better special effects than this movie. The scene in which he is shot at the door is far more laughable and cheesy. I mean, my Intro to Acting class four years ago in college, we could all have put together a better movie. And the worst part of the entire movie in which Arthur is naked in the bathroom. Oh my god, I'm almost there. I have a strong stomach, but that was terrible. Some people should never be naked and he is one of them. The plot of this movie just seems to go nowhere. They talk about legal issues that we'll never hear about again. Ben talks about dipping into music that we'll never hear again. Arthur says he is looking for a job and money for college, and next we run a porn shop. Everything about the movie is just awful. <br /> <br /> This really does not have much to do with my criticism, but just so everyone knows that I'm not a gay man. However, I support the rights of gays and believe that we should all be treated as equals. And I would support every gay person in my church, as opposed to the cruel priest in this movie who, by the way, seems to scold every other word. (WHERE IS THE F *?) Hahaha But I did not want anyone to think I hated this movie just because it's about two gay men, it has nothing to do with it Film, if it was Ben & Jill instead of Ben & Arthur. <br /> <br /> I just watched this movie to see if it was really as bad as they say I read, that was a warning to everyone: ONLY this movie, if you want to sit back and laugh about how pathetic some 21st Century films still can be: If you see this movie and really expect a good movie or some entertainment, I have no sympathy for you. <br /> <br /> For a final thought: How in the world there are 7 movies that are on IMDb: There is no way that there are 7 movies are worse than that!
