Holy crap, this movie was bad. I just saw it as a joke. It is not even so bad that it is unintentionally good. This movie seemed to be angry with me personally. That worked really well. It's as if the people who did that, all the really annoying stuff about the movie PRIEST, added in a bunch of ugly guys, took out all the interesting, funny or even sexy and clever brews out of the brew and then added them in a pile of old rotten cheese. That's all that is. Cheese. There is not a single person with whom this movie can possibly connect. There is no universe in which this movie could possibly take place. Why can not a movie like this just enjoy life and be happy? Why did they have to make this stupid idea for a movie even more ridiculous than it already is? Why could not they at least try to turn it into a good movie or even a B-movie? Now that I think about what the hell you wanted to do with this movie? I watched him expecting a campy love story, and instead I got a boring student project about an idiot who must find the strength and courage to marry his friend while his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy everything !!! No, I'm not kidding. It's all about this. Does that sound good? This film is quite ignorant of people of the Christian religion, with the stereotyping of all Christians who are vociferous, rude, and hellish to make so many people as miserable as possible. Many Christians I know would never speak or act like these freaks. However, the film is also unfair and ignorant to the gay community. These must be the most tasteless stereotyped gays since the guy on the radio station of this ROADKILL video game. It's so nerve-wracking and just irritating that I could not fully pay attention to this movie. The creators of this train accident had no strategy for stage design, drama, camera angles, lighting, script, authenticity or an idea to make this entertaining or interesting. There is not even a single sex scene or at least no believable one. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only man in the movie who did not look good at all, but his good looks were sadly wasted. That is trash. In a perfect world, this film would be rated 0.0. Alone as a movie it is worth 0. A mentally retarded nun who is blind and deaf and has tiny bones for arms and legs and whose face is in her armpit could write, conduct and produce a better movie, and she would probably also be a better actor. The fact that this film exists is a crime against the word "movie". This movie is so bad that other movies should be ashamed to be in the same format. I could put a broom in a chair and then shoot it with a camera and then stop the movie and replace it with a mini Christmas tree and then record it and I've already made a movie that's always better than at least BEN & ARTHUR the half. There are only two things worse than death. Torture and observation by BEN & ARTHUR. I'm a homosexual and I'll probably be the gayest person you'll ever meet if you've ever met me, and I do not think a whole movie ever offended me more than the first five seconds of film alone. If this movie was a mistake, I'll personally find a way to make the famous phrase, "It's okay to make mistakes" in "It's alright to make mistakes, unless that mistake was BEN & ARTHUR." You know how people always say things like, "Good things come out of everything!"? I think that BEN & ARTHUR was first of all invented in such a way that there could be something on this earth from which nothing good comes out. To call this film the worst film I have ever seen would be worth too much. It's like this movie was designed to qualify in a category of its own. There are good movies, there are bad movies and then there is BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN AND ARTHUR.
