Fascinated by the summary (every gay video today has a bunch on the cover, this is not necessarily a good sign). I bought BEN AND ARTHUR without knowing anything about it. This is my second purchase (and I assure you it will be my last) to buy a CULTURE Q CONNECTION video. For me, this DVD is just a blatant rip-off. I do not make this observation easy ?? I'm a big collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and I can state with some authority and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR is simply the worst movie I've ever played in my life. Period. My collection includes over 1,600 films (93% on DVD), of which more than 300 are gay and lesbian. I hardly own any gay movie ever made, but I like to say that I buy pretty much every gay video of interest that gets published, and very often I buy videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes that makes for a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, It's In The Water, Urbania, and Normal are all examples of great gay titles I've come across. When I read in the box that BEN AND ARTHUR was about a conflict between gay lovers and Christian Right, one of my favorite subjects, I decided to target the jump, even though I had previously bought another CULTURE Q CONNECTION title called VISIONS FROM SUGAR PLUM. The movie was pretty bad, but compared to BEN AND ARTHUR it looked like GONE WITH THE WIND. So what was wrong with BEN AND ARTHUR? A lot of! At first, the "conspiracy" as it was was completely ridiculous. This movie almost sympathized with the Christian Right ?? We are asked not only to believe that a church would exclude a member because his brother is gay, but also that a priest will actually make a mob-art execution of a gay couple in order to save their souls (as it does) Make sense). The writing is so bad that many scenes make no sense at all and multiple plot points reflect no logic, no post-processing or connection to the story. Murder and violence seem to be an acceptable conclusion for homosexual activist / right-wing conflict on both sides, and acting is so bad that it's hard to imagine how anyone in this film was hired. The characters who are supposed to be straight are almost gay - and Nelly clichés; The gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This movie is enough to stop anyone from buying gay videos forever, and distributors should be ashamed. The only advantage this image offers compared to my other purchase of CULTURE Q Connection, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that it has a soundtrack with clear dialogue. Hardly a difference, because the script is so weak that understanding the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this movie really is. It's an embarrassment to queer culture, and I want to warn anyone I can before spending their money on it. At $ 9.95, this movie would have been far too expensive; I understand that it will soon be under $ 20 more expensive, which is STILL highway robbery. I paid the original price of $ 29.95 and never felt cheated on in my life. The only true laugh associated with this jerk are the reviews. I've seen "user reviews" for this movie on numerous websites, and there are always one or two that "praise" the director / writer / actor, so it's obvious the reviewer is a friend of that Ed Woods wannabe , How sad. How desperate I just wish IMDb would allow you to forgive zero stars - or even zero. If ever a movie deserves it, that's it.
