If there were a movie that deserved a 0 out of 10, that would be the case. "House of the Dead" redefines the term "bad movie". Other bad movies like "When A Stranger Calls" or "Premonition" will actually look much better compared to "House of the Dead". The basic "plot" of the House of the Dead is a group of twenty people who travel to a remote island to attend the "Rave of the Century". When they get there, they will find only a few tents, a bar, a stage and some bloody T-shirts. They decide to stay anyway and will soon be attacked by zombies. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie. It is not entertaining. Instead, it's painful to see how terrible it is. Acting is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors, Uwe Boll, the director, claimed that he was not afraid to tell anyone when to do good or bad work in a scene. This is a blatant lie. The script seems to have been written by an eleven-year-old who has decided to throw a scene with someone on a girl's chest and include the weird line. The characters have neither personality nor depth and do some of the stupidest things ever seen in a horror movie. At some point, the characters also magically transform into a SWAT team to defeat the zombies. It's like they do not even have to aim their weapons and they automatically shoot the zombies in the head. <br /> <br /> By far the scariest thing about this film is the director. Something is wrong with Uwe Boll. Boll's camera work is surprisingly incoherent. His pans to zombies that run through the forest are more stupid than threatening. Worse, Boll thought, it would be a good idea to include some small footage from the House of the Dead video game in the movie. Very often, and at most random times, you suddenly see an animated zombie being shot. That makes no sense. No one who is wise would think that this was a good idea. It's as if Boll always wanted to remind us that this movie should be based on the video game. Uwe Boll also decided it would be cool to record 360 degree turns in slow motion during the action scenes, like the Matrix. Unfortunately, he does it too often and every shot is disgusting. The soundtrack to this movie also confuses the mind. Most action scenes are accompanied by a loud rap track. This also contributes to the following headaches caused by the hideous "House of the Dead". <br /> <br /> 'House of the Dead' is not bad because it's based on a video game. In fact, it has very little to do with the video game. It does not fit into the category "so bad that it is good". However, it fits in the category "so bad that it is painful". This movie is just shit. Uwe Boll should never be left near another movie set. Even his presence will curse a production. To all the directors: If one of your films is rated poorly, all you have to do is remember that you did not do "House of the Dead" and you will feel much better. I will never get those 90 minutes of my life back. In summary, words can not really describe how bad this movie is. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed. Although what I said sounds like "House of the Dead", it really is not. None of it is funny. Avoid this at all costs.
