When George C. Scott played the title role in "Patton," you saw him piloting tanks with fist pumps, shooting a revolver at German dive bombers, and spitting out profanity on executives and subordinates alike. Most of the action we get from Gregory Peck as "MacArthur" is a figure from the same unimaginable war when he taps his finger on the mapboards and raises his famous eyebrow. <br /> <br /> Peck's comparison performance with Scott may be unfair. The fact that "MacArthur" was made by the same producer and judged by the same composer begs parallels, as well as the fact that both films are being opened with the generals addressing cadets at West Point. It is clear to me that the filmmakers wanted to imitate the Oscar-winning film of a few years ago. But though Peck looks more like Scott, Scott looks unfriendly in a story that feels less like drama than a complete Wikipedia solution from MacArthur's later career. <br /> <br /> "To this day, there are those who think he was a dangerous demagogue and others who say he was one of the greatest men who ever lived," the title says , It is a typical dishwashing of Vietnamese sophistry over those who have led America's military, a lot of time, but what we get here is no view. MacArthur, as presented here, is neither angry nor inspiring as he did in life. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Sargent, who later directed the famous turkey "Jaws The Revenge", introduces color through job numbers with easy combat assembles and some obvious set bets (as if the Chinese were the US troops in Korea while Hal Barwood's and Matthew Robbins' screenplay tramples on a MacArthur who appears to be good-natured, a little too involved in his public image, but at least decent. <br /> <br /> Here's how he leaves the DropShip and returns to the Philippines. There you can see him in his speech "Old Soldiers Never Die". For a long time he's sitting in a cinema in Toyko, waiting for the North Koreans to cross the 38th parallel so we can continue with the story, while the newspaper record describes Japan's ascent from the ashes under his enlightened rule. Peck's co-actor, Marj Dusay as his devoted wife ("you're my best soldier") and Nicolas Coaster as a faithful helper, are burning tearful eyes towards their companion's glory, but they do not win any interest of their own. > <br /> Even when dealing with others, Peck never raises his voice and usually wins his argument with thunderous eloquence. When Admiral Nimitz proposes to postpone the reconquest of the Philippines, which is a personal pride and tactical concern to MacArthur, MacArthur remarks, "When I just heard his plan, I thought I had seen our flag drop." Undoubtedly The real Nimitz would have had something to say about that, but the character in the movie only leans his head and accepts the insult in the presence of President Roosevelt. <br /> <br /> The only person in the movie who disapproves of MacArthur is Harry Truman, who does a good job with Ed Flanders despite a prosthetic nose that reminds him of Toucan Sam. Truman's shot of MacArthur should be a dramatic climax, but here it takes place in a quiet dinner where Peck MacArthur plays as nothing less than an ingenious martyr. <br /> <br /> I was never sold by Peck standing at the top Pantheon of the Screenstars; He has a great presence but is not complex even in many of his best-known roles. However, it is unfair to put so much on him here, as he has little help in defining MacArthur as something other than a dirty word. Apart from two scenes, one in which he introduces himself against the capitulation of the Philippines ("He beat Old Glory and ran up a sheet!"), And another in which he experiences a mini-breakdown while facing the US Invasion of Inchon waits and speaks against the undermining of Communists In the White House, Peck really plays Peck here, not the complex figure that inspired the famous Sobriquet "American Caesar". The real MacArthur could have earned such a comparison. What you get here is less worthy of Shakespeare than Shakes the Clown.
