Okay, so I'm not a big fan of video games, but was the House of the Dead game really famous enough to make a movie out of it? Sure, they went so far as to insert fast video game clips throughout the movie as if they were justifying a certain scene of violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same, with your hand on the bottom screen, supposedly your own , pick up any weapon in your hand and all sorts of aliens or go dead or sniper or whatever the case may be. <br /> <br /> It 's an interesting proposition in House of the Dead, with a lot of college kids (LOADED college children, say, who are able to pay a fisherman something, about $ 1,500 for one) Drive after they miss their boat) trying to get to this island, including the Rave of the Year. The first thing that comes to mind in House of the Dead is the fact that modern horror movies have become nothing more than an exercise to find creative ways to get many scantily dressed teenagers into exactly the same situations. At least the fact that they were on the way to a rave excused the girls' clothes. They look bad, like they're walking through the woods in cute little tops, but at least they thought they were dressed for the occasion. Clint Howard, who is by far the most interesting character in the film, delivers an absolutely awesome performance whose size dwarfs any other actor in the film. I can not stand it when well-known actors change their accents in films. This is so seldom effective, and Howard shows here that it is just as flat when a well-known actor pretends to be a hardened, rough-spoken fisherman breathing salty air for years. He did not even grate well. It sounded like he was eating a cinnamon bun before shooting and accidentally inhaling some powdered sugar or something. Real hard there, Clint! I expected more from him, but then he agreed to a role in the mess. <br /> <br /> As soon as we reach the island, the movie temporarily transforms into one of the friday 13th movies that have been recorded at Camp Crystal Lake. Many teenagers played by actors who were far too old to have their parts naked and then killed. The nudity was impressive, I think, but let's think for a minute. These kids pay almost two giants to come to this island to go to the Rave of the Year, find NO, and say who wants a beer! Even the guy who'd pulled that pile of hundreds out of his wallet to get them anywhere did not think they could find a full bar and not a single person in sight. Here you have the input from director Uwe Boll - There is alcohol! You will not notice that the party they came for is only of itself! <br /> <br /> So you do not just start drinking, you do not care that the whole party seems to have left the island, but when one of the girls goes into the dark woods to find out where they are Stop all (reluctantly dragging another girl and one of the guys), the guy and the girl staying behind to pull down, decide that this would be a great idea to strip for a quickie now, since they are alone. It's like they expected to find the island empty, and now that they've been away from the rest of the people they've come over for a while, they would have some privacy, since nobody else is around. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Now for the things that everybody hated, judge by the reviews I read about the movie. Yes, amazing video footage in the movie, mostly to show that the movie was actually faithful to the video game / copied it directly. Sure, that was a stupid idea. I can not imagine who came up with this little nugget, but worse than that are Matrix-style scenes that have been thrown in over and over again. After the first time (at the time I found it presumptuous and cheesy to have a movie like this as something original), it is more about the technique of recording than any dramatic meaning or creation on any kind of suspense for the movie. <br /> <br /> One of the things that make a zombie movie scary and take you to the edge of your seat is to find them slowly but relentlessly after the living humans who are much faster but get tired Walk away from the places where they run and with a frightening lack of things to fend off the zombies. The first two are made directly in the movie, the kids are scared and do not have much room to run since they are on an island. However, since they were ridden with a smuggler, they are heavily armed. And I mean that very much. I mean, these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades, which dissipates the tension of the imminent gang death. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call a techno slasher scene. Since the rave never happened, and I think since Uwe Boll thought that people would be disappointed that they did not hear techno music in the movie, there is a scene in the middle where all people are fending off the living dead, and, surprisingly, it will be something like a music video. Techno music is being blown up as the recordings are processed faster and faster together until they are nothing more than a shaky collection of Gory shots, which are usually only about 5 frames long (which is about 1/6 of a second) and with the speed techno over the screen flash music. Clever, I suppose, but it has no place in a horror movie, because it completely eliminates any fear of scars or tension of the gross effect, because you can not see anything to respond to it. They just watch those shots fly across the screen, wondering what the hell the director was thinking when he decided it would be a good idea to put that into the movie. <br /> <br /> I've seen many people comparing this movie to Resident Evil, mostly claiming to copy the premise, and they're just right. I appreciate that at least here, as was not the case with Resident Evil, a human-made virus did not kill people who could infect other people by turning vampires into vampires. 28 Days Later was also clearly an inspiration for this film. It's just too bad that House of the Dead did not do a single original thing, except for the slightly idiotic idea of ​​making quick recordings of the video game it is based on just in case you forget it. I really think that this should be a much better movie. Of course, I can not say that I know much about the game it's based on. Only the title and the movie poster deserve a much better movie, but unfortunately I think that this is more common than with horror movies. It's really sad when a movie comes out that is so obviously portrayed as a horror movie without frontiers, and the scariest thing in the movie is the closing shot, which suggests the possibility of a sequel.
