There are people out there who will make everything green! That's the only explanation I can offer why the movie House of the Dead exists. And that's just an eerie part of the whole movie. It's so bad that you go to movies forever. I seriously wanted to turn this off and set the TV on the Paint Drying channel, but I was committed by my word to endure the whole thing. I do not know why I do these bad things for myself. <br /> <br /> As if that matters, here's the basic jist of "history." A group of 20-year-olds is so desperate to go to an island in the Pacific Northwest (Canada, actually, because it's cheap) for the "Rave of the Century" (which consists of about 8 people and unknowable music) they pay a rude old fishermen $ 1000 to take them there after missing the main ferry. It must be a rave to be worth all this dough! The fisherman warns them that the island is also known as the Island of the Dead (hang on - I thought this would be HOUSE of the Dead?) And that they are all doomed to fail. Yadda Yadda Yadda. <br /> <br /> First mistake here. Why should a tiny little rave (of the century my foot!) Be kept on a remote island? Why would someone voluntarily pay a lot of money for it? Why pay even more to the rugged old fisherman to bring them back, if they could just come back with the others? Once they arrive, they discover that the rave (consisting of about 2 tents, a small stage) and a port-a-john) has been smashed, there's blood everywhere and nobody is around. What would a rational thinking person do? Of course, run for her life. But no, these unsuspecting, obviously blind people decide to look for them. Soon they discover an old, disintegrated house, which is 50 times bigger than the outside. Another half hour of forest tripping follows as an excuse to kill some of the smaller characters, and after a long time they return home. The characters, like the movie, are not going anywhere. <br /> <br /> Trapped in this terrible disaster is an abundance of gibberish dialogues, heinous drama, mumbo jumbo exposure and countless clips from the once-popular arcade game of the same name. Why this was generally accepted as a good idea with the filmmakers, I never know. The clips have no relation to one of the scenes and only further degrade this garbage, if that's even possible. <br /> <br /> It has nothing to do with the game except a cheap, disposable line at the end. That makes Resident Evil look like cinematic glory. Damn, even the Double Dragon movie appears many times compared to this garbage awarded the Oscar. The only one who emerges from it with his still intact dignity is Jurgen Prochnow. He could have just taken his money and run, but he tries his best with the horrible script and adds a little pathos to his character. The rest of the cast is annoying. The characters are idiots and deserve to die. <br /> <br /> Besides, if you cut out the cursing and pointless nudity, I see no reason why this movie can not be shown on TV on Saturday morning. It's not scary at all. Pirates of the Caribbean is scarier than the skeletal evil in this movie. And where did all these bad guys come from? Initially there were few people on the island. I think that's why they decided to use footage over and over again. I'm not kidding you, you'll see the same zombie dies a dozen times. <br /> <br /> Who is ultimately responsible for this scandalous waste of celluloid? No one else but director Uwe Boll. His control of the film does not exist. You can clearly see that actors have no idea what to do and that the zombies do not really take it all seriously. The actors seem to be reading cue cards as they pause in long pauses and keep talking as soon as they see the next card. It all feels very unnatural. <br /> <br /> In addition, the film will be shot like a two-part miniseries. I actually saw better TV productions. Do not understand me with the cut. The film is an incoherent chatter with thousands and thousands of pointless shots and dozens of pointless camera pans. No real skills or talents were used. It amazes and baffles the mind as to how films that can be made so incredibly bad can be made, and George A. Romero can not get anyone to accept his calls. House of the Dead, in a lazy attempt to be "postmodern," refers to an idiotic reference to Romero, but it only irritates them to believe that this is in the same league as a real zombie movie. For what's worth it, the anamorphic image of 1.85: 1 looks good and the Dolby 5.1 soundtrack is clean, but very unassuming and serves only to pronounce the heavily overloaded ADR even more. The DVD comes with extras, but why torture yourself. Is this review insufficient? Stay away! They are all doomed, I tell you! Sentenced! Sentenced!!!
