Lynn Hollister, a lawyer in a small town, travels for business to the nearby city, which is linked to the death of his friend Johnny. (Yes, Lynn is a man despite the female name of a Christian name.) Did the scriptwriters want a cursory indication that John Wayne's maiden name was "Marion"?) Hollister initially believes that Johnny's death was an accident. but soon realizes that Johnny was murdered. Further investigations reveal a network of corruption, crime and election manipulation linked to Boss Cameron, the leading light in the city's political machine. That sounds like the plot of a gritty crime thriller that might have been made in the movie Film Noir style, which became popular from 1941. "A Man Betrayed" is despite its theme rather a light romantic comedy than a thriller. Hollister falls in love with Cameron's attractive daughter Sabra, and the film then focuses as much on the resulting romance as on the exciting elements. This film could only have worked if it had been taken unequivocally seriously. One critic said John Wayne was not credible as a lawyer, but he could not play a cowboy in every movie, and a strict crusading lawyer who took over organized crime forces would probably have stayed in his compass. I agree with this reviewer when he says that Wayne was not a Cary Grant impersonator. A romantic comedy was not in his street. One of the weaknesses of the studio system is that actors can be required to play the roles that their bosses demand of them, regardless of whether it's on their street or not. As Wayne was one of the few big stars working for Republic Pictures No doubt he wanted to get as many kilometers out of him as they could. Even Cary Grant himself could not have made "A Man Betrayed" comedy. This is not a reflection on his funny talents. It's a reflection on the total lack of amusing material in this film. I doubt anyone, no matter how well he developed his sense of humor, might find something to laugh about. The cheerful tone of the film does not make it a successful comedy; it just prevents it from being taken seriously as something else. This is one of those films that are neither fish nor meat nor poultry nor good red herring. 3.10
