At first, I did not know anything about 'Mazes and Monster' before I saw it. I was not aware of the role play controversy behind it or the fact that it was a Made For TV movie. When I looked at the cover (the updated DVD-DVD), I seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure like "Legend", with Tom Hank as the nerdy hero of the 80s going into a mythical world, around one Rescuing a Princess from a Bad Labyrinth Monster Sounds exciting, right? That suggests the cover at first sight. I got this movie as a gift, obviously under the same premise, because my aunt knows I have action movies with a medieval myth. And it has Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I fooled this movie and expect with Tom Hanks a feel-good movie in a 80s special effects world that would be good for a laugh. <br /> <br /> No! None of this happens. Before I continue, I'll confess that I'm a nerd, but I'm not interested in roleplaying. That's all that this movie is about. My interest in content is lukewarm at best. And M & M (copyright infringement?) Is not even a good role-playing movie with loveable freaks, who uses his imagination to enter a world of greatness. No! This is an anti-role-playing movie that must have been made by some religious people (the same people who think Barney is the work of Satan.) I understand, Satan is a cunning guy, but I do not think he does desperate enough for the soul to weigh RPG lovers in worship. This movie is THE anti-gamer movie. That's what I get from this movie: he hates role-playing games and not only makes fun of people who engage in role-playing games, but makes poor Tom Hanks a patient patient. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse for talking to a volleyball in Castaway. The poor guy was alone, but Tom somehow made his madness, and you literally saw volleyball as a lovable character through Tom's good acting. I wish I had seen this movie instead. In this movie, Tom is attacked by a drug creature "Make Faible" (it looks like a badly made mascot for an RPG team) and has a split personality that is at best scary. Tom's acting excels only to make you feel bad for his character and nothing else. I understand that the poor guy has lost his brother and is therefore not right in his head, so the movie wins points because he's intentionally tragic. I'm not into movies that exploit mental illness, and the end of 'M & M' made me feel cr * p. Fortunately, I afterwards saw "Hudson Hawk" and laughed well, before my soul was further crushed. Yah, 'HH' surpasses 'M & M'. , , a lot of! This is not one of Tom's better movies. In fact, it's the most depressing movie I've ever seen (even "Saving Private Ryan" is not that depressing). I was hoping to see a movie to feel good, and in the end I had the exact opposite. If you want to see a sad (both emotional and visual) movie, then take a look at it. If this movie is to convey a message, this is the following: "Do not play role-playing games when you are cuckoo for coco puffs."
