The psychology of this movie is really weird to find out. It's often billed as an anti-RPG movie, but it's not that easy. There are obvious contradictions here that make me wonder what (if anything) they're trying to say about games. <br /> <br /> They painstakingly introduce all native characters as an introduction and all have parents They are divorced, alcoholic and completely out of touch with their lives, except in the times when they put pressure on them to succeed to have. Tom Hanks is undoubtedly the worst guy. He has just failed from another school and still has to deal with a brother who has disappeared and may be dead. <br /> <br /> It has been mentioned several times that they play the game to solve problems in their real life. And in the end, when they visit Robbie (Hanks), they are all happy and balanced, starting their adult career, solving problems, putting away games (Daniel does not even want to design computers.) Games), and even Robbie's mother constantly drunk and dissatisfied is suddenly the happy housewife, who looks fresh and bright and arranges flowers. <br /> <br /> Sure, JJ suddenly (and happily seems to) commit suicide, but the reason seems to be complete because he's a lonely boy who can not get a date, not because of his character dies like in the famous Jack Chick Wing (which happens after that anyway, and it almost seems like he's deliberately doing so he can end Daniel's play and get everyone to play his own game.) Actually, there's the possibility a live action roleplaying in the caves seems to be the only thing that keeps him from killing himself!) And in perhaps the coolest tableau scene in the entire movie, Kate, who's very handsome in mail shirts, looks straight into the camera and say something like, "The scariest monsters are those in our own minds." <br /> <br /> The biggest fantasy element in this movie is the two Muggers who pass by the rich couple so they can steal the dirty, homeless looking guy of his magic beans. The recurring theme (a "The Way We Were" for the 80s) may have been poignant in the end, but as a push for a movie that's really depressing and seems out of place. And for a final mystery, our hero, wearing full Pardu insignia, has a psychotic break, becomes his character completely, and goes on a quest. The first thing he does is, of course, to turn into street clothes of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> Maybe the movie is irrational, but I think it's an irrational topic. Back then, a circle of kids with dice and pencils was considered stained and possibly possessed, and you might go crazy talking to them about their hocus-pocus. The anti-game paranoia is pretty much summarized in the first scene that the reporter asks the cop what's going on, the cop says a kid got lost in the tunnels, and there's a chance Mazes and Monsters are somehow involved are. The reporter admits that he is vaguely familiar with the game (although he allows it to his own children), then he turns to the camera and makes a polished game that blames the game for everything and no further explanation allows. In the end, it's not a masterpiece, but interesting for TV movies.
