A few weeks ago the German channel "SAT1" advertised this movie as "TV-Event of the Year" - sorry, but I have seen better things on TV this year. I did not think much of the movie, but I soon remembered two other terrible movies when I saw the commercial - Titanic and Pearl Harbor, because the picture looked so familiar: Heroine "(if I can really call her that) and she two" loves "next to her - Pearl Harbor, anyone? In fact, the love story is the version of a poor man in Pearl Harbor who was already poor! <br /> <br /> But since I like to watch movies and analyze their patterns, I finally decided to look at this junk. The film begins with a doctor leaving his family over the military strike against Russia towards the end of the Third Reich and promising his wife to return. Things are moving fast until the spring of 1948: Germany has lost the war and the Allies and Russia have conquered the country. Both try to eliminate each other for world power and its ideologies: capitalism against communism. Well, I suppose you already know the story because you need to know - the movie does not make much of it and literally shakes the historical facts. The film seeks to portray the US government as an angel, completely ignoring the contributions of other countries during the Airlift, notably the UK, which accounted for nearly a quarter of the rations, even though its land was bombed by a country to which it belonged trying to help. <br /> <br /> What was annoying was the historical comment people made in the movie, as if the mother of her daughter's heroine told her daughter that Germany could be split into two, with an answer like: " That's impossible!" Or if Stalin (where the director thought we looked the actor in a similar way and he looks like he's saying), Russia has to stop "Coca-Cola" from spreading in Germany. Yeah, right, if Stalin ever said that. Or there is this one US pilot telling his colleague about a loaf of meat and everything in it - please! Burgers were invented WAY before that time. <br /> <br /> In the movie you will once see a map showing the airlines. Strangely, the card looks like it came straight out of a laser printer - in '48. The US General Lucius Clay, whose main idea was to stay in Berlin, is portrayed as a mean and grumpy type, and all the ideas he had historically seen, such as the Airlift and the improvement of this idea, came from the fictitious Figure Phillip Turner, the love interest of the lead actress, which leads me to other aspects: Not enough African American soldiers in the movie, there were two throughout the movie! Nor was the relationship between US soldiers and German civilians permitted, and by exposing such a relationship, the US soldier would have been sent home. I do not want to say that there were no relationships at all, but in this movie there was a couple who almost got married. If the pilot had not died in his fake CGI plane, it was terribly unrealistic, especially with the CGI, of fire! <br /> <br /> If it were not enough, all Americans in this movie spoke accent-free German, even though they were only in Germany for a few months - look, I'm also American and live in Germany and I have one too small accent. The kid who was behaving badly was also bad - the kids had two facial expressions: "Normal-I-look-monotone-like-a-robot" and grinning. All in all, the film was boring from start to finish, much too slow, especially the love story, which was identical to half of Pearl Harbor's dialogues. The sad part is that the movie was very successful - 8.97 million watched the first part and 7.83 million the second part the day after, making SAT1 two consecutive wins in the overall market share and an impressive profit in the commercially relevant group achieved. But as I always think, the biggest pile of crap is where most flies go.
