First of all, I should mention that I really enjoyed the previous ISHII Katsuhito movie "Samehada Otoko to Momojiri Onna" ("Haihu Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Although blaming Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction," Ishii's cast was to carry the story, and the entire movie crackled with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were particularly captivating. There was action, intrigue, bizarre characterization, enough sex to keep things interesting, and a totally unpredictable storyline. <br /> <br /> So I started with a certain anticipation and optimism to watch "Party 7." And my enthusiasm was certainly aroused by the opening balance, which really impressed my wife and me, how dynamic and exciting she was the mix of anime and live-action work was awesome! Then the actual movie started, actually it did not "start" so much as shuffling in the side door and standing there fumbling through the pockets and looking uncomfortable The entire movie takes place in three rooms, one is the paradise of a futuristic voyeur (borrowed from "Shark Skin Man ..."), another is a travel agency, and the third (and the most used one) It's a shabby hotel room, it's a cast of seven characters, and ... it does not do anything, really, I'm not a stranger to "talk" movies, one of my absolute favorites is "My Dinner with Andre," the most talkative of all sp smelled movies. "My Dinner with Andre" is much more exciting, and there are only two middle-aged men talking about their lives at dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The cast of "Party 7" is literally whining throughout the movie. "No, do not do that!" "Yes I will!" "No, you really do not do that!" "Yes, I really do!" "No, you really do not really!" Yeah, I really ... "You get the idea, I hope, I wish the director had it. <br /> <br />" Party 7 is an incredibly compelling movie. There are only the weakest conspiracies (money was stolen from the Yakuza, just like in "Shark Skin Man ..."), accompanied by almost no action. There is no interesting dialogue. The characters are largely uninteresting. It was as if Ishii took the throwaway moments of Tarentino's movies and built a whole movie around her. However, Tarentino's conversations always have their own inner logic and wit ("They call it" Royale, with Cheese "). Not so with the dialogue here, which is more boring than you can imagine. funny combo of Gashuin (which is always wonderful) and an inconspicuous performance of the great ASANO Tadanobu, I would have given "Party 7" a single star It was really annoying to go all the way through.
