Since I had seen the other three, I thought I could catch this fourth installment of The Omen for TV as well. As a standalone film, this film is mediocre; but as a continuation of the 1976 masterpiece; It's a travesty. The film goes the same way that many series go when they run out of ideas; that's the idea to change the male leadership into a female one. It is always obvious that this film was made for television because the acting is standard, the plot lacks ideas, and the cruel murder scenes seen in the previous three were kept to a bloodless minimum. The film retains a thread with the original, which I will not reveal, though it is obvious. This revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the movie. The main features of the plot largely duplicate the original by Richard Donner, and a young couple adopted a child whom they call Delia (fortunately not Damiella or Damiana). There is a big dog and an educator; and pretty soon, the woman begins to suspect that the child is not quite normal; Since she was menstruating at the age of eight and had never suffered from illnesses ... <br /> <br /> The first two episodes of The Omen were not bad at all and the series should have ended with number three. I think there was money somewhere down the line, because there is really no artistic reason why this movie should have been made. In terms of originality, it does not bring anything to the table. The only thing he'll probably do is annoying fans of the show. The movie looks and feels like a TV movie and usually plays like a movie about the restless upbringing of a young girl. In fact, Asia Vieira looks like a little slut; But she never convinces that she is the antichrist, since her looks are superfluous and most of the "bad guys" she does are ridiculous. Faye Grant gets the meatiest role and does not impress; while the rest of the cast regrets being in such a terrible waste of time. The only good thing about this film is the theme tune, which of course was torn off the original. and is overused. Overall, this movie is really not worth seeing; because it does not provide anything for which the series is famous, and does not do justice to the weaker second episode.
