and it did. In my experience, a horror movie, when it reaches franchise status and publishes the following titles, will all be affected by one unavoidable factor: the irrelevant effect. Omen IV: The awakening makes no exception to this rule: another small child should assume his role as an anti-Christian, which is predicted by a religious prophecy. Have not we seen this already? Was not it enough that we experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorn during these three films? If you're a horror enthusiast like me, you'll find that it's common for a horror movie that has many sequels and prequels to fade into dismissal - Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; The list goes on. I'm sure that at this point in the game you know what to expect if you want to see the fourth title in a series. Nevertheless, there are times when you sit back and realize how shameless some filmmakers are. Omen IV: The awakening is just that - a shameless practice in which money is earned. <br /> <br /> This film offers nothing new or fascinating for the Omen lineup. As unique and unadulterated as Omen IV tries to be compared to his siblings, the similarities and action devices are embarrassingly similar. Elements such as the guard dog, the involvement of a priest, the skepticism of those involved, the scene of the decapitation of death (clearly a homage to the original film when the journalist is beheaded by the glass) ... even into Father's involvement in politics and reputation in the community makes it too predictable. <br /> <br /> Although it is common to classify a B-rated cast into a horror title so far into a series, the acting out of the charts is full of ridicule and unintentional humor due to some of the poor delivered lines in this one Movie. The atmosphere has completely disappeared compared to the first three titles. In addition, the epic score composed by Goldsmith in the previous films was replaced by a listening debacle. an absolute joke, and I wondered if it was actually intended to be used for this movie or simply being pulled out of a "bank" of Stock Audio ... which really says something, because rarely do I comment on the lousy abuse of one Musicals Score - until now. <br /> <br /> All in all, I would call Omen IV: Awakening a failure. In the world of horror films, which have a long list of titles behind them, some succeed in reaching the goal, others fail. If you're interested in creating another notch in your weathered horror belt, as I am about to finish it, you might also be able to cut that title - if not for the entertainment value, to see when a movie is executed properly, or bad.
