Omen IV: The awakening begins at 'St. Frances Orphanage 'where husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) of sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch) who adopted her have a little girl who adopted her. They call her Delia. It starts out well, but as the years pass and Delia (Asia Vieria) grows up, Karen becomes suspicious as death and disaster follow her, and Karen is convinced that she herself is evil. Karen then learns that she is pregnant, but discovers an eerie plan to use her as surrogate mother for the next Antichrist. She is shocked to find out who Delia's real father was ... Originally directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard, who was either fired or dismissed and replaced by Jorge Montesi, who completed the film despite posing as Omen IV In any case, the awakening is absolutely terrible and a shame when compared to its illustrious predecessors. The screenplay by Brian Taggert is hilarious bad. I am not sure if this nonsense looked really good on the written word on a piece of paper, but there are so many things wrong that I can hardly believe it. As a serious film Omen IV: The awakening falls flat on his face and it really works better when you consider it a comedy parody. I mean the scene towards the end, when the detective meets a bunch of face to face zombie carol singers who sing a threatening gothic song, one has to believe, and I found it absolutely weird and ridiculous. Then there's the pointless difference between this and the other Omen movies that this time it's a young girl. The question I ask here is why? Seriously, why? There is no reason at all and is not used to any effect anyway. Then, of course, there's the stupid twist in the end, which says that Delia kept her brother's embryo inside her and that in an eerie conspiracy involving a group of Satan worshipers, she was implanted in Karen to give birth to the Antichrist. just stupid. At first it has a certain entertainment value, how bad it is, but the unwanted amusement gives way sooner rather than later to boredom. <br /> <br /> It's obviously impossible to know how much of Omen IV: The Awakening was directed by Girard & Montesi, but you can say that everything behind the camera was not good as it's a shabby, cheap one movie that was actually made for TV and is shown with the threadbare, flat and uninspired cinematography and production design. Then there is the total lack of fear, atmosphere, suspense and bustle that were the main elements that made the previous Omen movies so effective. <br /> <br /> The budget must have been pretty low and the movie looks like it was. Best of all, the most stylish thing about Omen IV: The Awakening is the final shot of the camera lifting in the air as Delia walks into the distance, showing a cross-shaped cross formed by two overlapping paths. However, this is the last shot before the guy rolls and says pretty much everything. I have to mention the music that sounds awful, more suited to a comedy and sounds very inappropriate. Acting is fine at best, but the child is annoying as usual. <br /> <br /> Omen IV: The awakening is garbage, a totally ridiculous movie that tries to be serious and just looks stupid. The director's change probably did not help, but that's still no excuse. The last Omen movie after the original of The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) & The Final Conflict (1981), all of which are far superior.
