I recently decided to revisit the Omen Trilogy just to find out there is a fourth here. I did not expect much from him and in that respect it certainly fulfilled my expectations. If you want to make bad movies laugh, then maybe this is the movie for you. Oh, where do we start? <br /> <br /> From the beginning, the look and feel of the movie "made for TV" was obvious. The music was often inappropriate with what was going on in the movie, and therefore distracting (at best). The script had all the charm of an 8-year-old fiction. But you have to say that the missing script was very related to the horrible acting. Numerous scenes made me wonder if the script or acting was the source of ridicule. <br /> <br /> The story itself is rather thin and focuses on all the crazy antics of Damien Thorn's supposed daughter by falsely traded and badly traded nuns. There is the usual amount of mysterious and confused deaths that personally prompted me when the "drama" unfolded, and the usual investigator of a third party in the whole affair. Damien Thorn Jnr is later born of some medical phenomena. And that pretty much includes the plot. The whole thing is done pretty poorly from the beginning, with the lack of suspense that makes the movie a monotonous and / or ridiculous scene after another. <br /> <br /> There were many WTF?!? also moments that facilitate the unintentional comedy. For example, what's the main reaction at the beginning of the movie when the baby scratches the mother's cheek? Hardly a 360 degrees Omar. I also laughed at the overreaction at baptism. The baby is crying and everyone looks very worried. The desperate mother runs out of the church and the priest looks very worried as he crosses himself. Huh Then there's the New Age nanny who seems to have a license to put an eight-year-old out of the way of all alternative spiritualism. I laughed as the nanny suggested bringing the troubled Delia to a mess to meet the hippie friends of the nanny, and the mother just shrugs and allows it. "Yes, that's groovy, fill the head of my troubled 8-year-old daughter with all that mystical stuff, that's cool, I do not have to be there." Of course, this would be expected from a mother who allows her daughter to adopt a full-grown Rottweiler, whom she meets on the street, and who could force the little girls to snack. The whole scene at the psychic fair is quite funny in a kind of slapstick style, from the horrified reactionary glances of the psychics to Delia to the subsequent inferno of a "Freakunfall". Here we have a religious zealot (described as part of a cult) who is fanatically preaching in a pit full of rattlesnakes to prove how God's honor will protect them. She antagonizes the snakes by dealing with them and she is bitten several times. Hardly an unusual accident. More like a successful suicide attempt. <br /> <br /> The Serpent vs. Nun scene was not the only comic death. There is a slow car crash that leads to beheading on a school parking lot. Then there's the slow motion demolition ball, which is aimed directly at the detective. I think maybe I made a cup of coffee when the slow motion started, to see the demolition ball still heading straight for the "concerned" detective. Then there's the epitome of the who-shot-who cliché, where a gun starts and both pretend to have been shot for several seconds while exchanging horrified glances. Then someone falls down the stairs and reveals who the real victim was. Besides, the death of the priest at the beginning of the movie seemed a bit strange and pointless to me. He walks around and looks at the architecture of the church. Obviously he falls ill that he is quite worrying. Finally he collapses, clasps his chest and dies. Apparently something demonic happened, as it suggested the music. Ummm. OK. <br /> <br /> I am surprised that others rated this film positively, especially as a "worthy sequel". It is hard not to notice the non-sensual writing, the unrealistic acting and the inappropriate music. The film lacks excitement as it relies heavily on Delia's "demonic gaze" to convey a sense of horror that quickly becomes quite annoying. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: This is a bad movie whose only salvation is the unintended potential for a comedy.
