Only the Antichrist could stand behind such a catastrophe. One only hopes that this irony was the motivating force behind the "movie"! This movie was so bad that I finally had to register with IMDb just so I could throw it away. What makes this movie all the more tragic is that he had such great source material! I've never seen a movie in which all the elements were so grotesquely mediocre that the result became less than the sum of its parts. <br /> <br /> It may seem insignificant, but I want to start with the score. As the proud owner of a music study I have to register my outrage! I was torn between laughter and dry hooves when I heard what John Scheffer did with Goldsmith's brilliant result. it was far more cruel than any of the burlesque death scenes and almost equally unintentionally comedic. It was by far the most inappropriate score I've ever heard. Well, I really can not imagine a worse rating. Maybe JAWS 4? <br /> <br /> As for the plot ... I'm sorry. New Age Mysticism ??? What happened to the bitter realism of the original trilogy? In these films (more in the first two than in the third, but still !!), the supernatural was largely implied, and that subtlety made the films so incredibly believable. Here we have crystals that turn black (called all skecsis and mystics !!) and inverted crucifixes in abundance, though in certain scenes the crucifix would be completely normal except for the camera angle. Gone is the refined psychlogical manipulation that exploits the malaise contained in our collective psyche: in its place a boorish "slap in the face" of recycled cliché and transparent incompetence. Add a "lead actress" so amazing ANNOYING that you thank the director for the scenes she is absent. I've never seen such a fundamentally irritating little girl since little Stephanie ruined ALL IN THE FAMILY. <br /> <br /> Apart from that, I have no strong feelings on this subject ;-) Fortunately, the first three films are adept enough to make this train accident of wasted celluloid unimportant or, at most, a study about how NOT to make a movie should do. Watcher beware! May cause vomiting, if you are lucky.
