After only 15 minutes in this film, I missed Zhang Yimou's earlier, more weighty films that looked at China's politics and society from a unique perspective. His turn to martial arts films was, in my humble opinion, a serious misstep. Hero was his worst movie since Operation Cougar, with an unnecessarily complex story that played more wood than in a movie by John Agar. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has been studying Chinese films for some years (and can understand and speak Mandarin), I am sure that my opinion differs from many others because I come from a different background. SMMF, like Hero, is not a traditional kung fu movie and certainly not a wuxia pian movie. There is no sword or sorcery or chivalry here. This is a completely different vehicle than an infinite number of movies, such as A Chinese Ghost Story (all 3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake and others. While all these charismatic leads seem like they really enjoy what they do, SMMF offers a simple and sometimes ridiculous dialogue combined with cardboard games. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind man and Ben Affleck. There is a superiority in this movie that is really insulting. It takes itself so seriously that in the end it only becomes a giant joke. All the actors look like this is the most important piece of celluloid in the story, they destroy every chance to actually convey emotions, and in the face of complete lack of humor, one really wonders if Zhang Yimou is making a movie per se or just a showcase ( ie an "ego booster") for Zhang Ziyi. The camera literally exposes her face, and she is not sexually abused twice in the movie. Her acting area has really not developed beyond her ability to play a naive "W" itch. She is so focused on her acting, she looks cold and lifeless, as if reading her lines from a notecard. It's so funny to hear that American critics and film people (like the totally ignorant Quentin Tarantino) call this film a masterpiece. I think if you see a lot of Asian actors on the screen who seem to be really important in flying through a bamboo forest, they think it's awesome filmmaking. Ching Siu Tung's choreography, while still retaining his trademark style, styles and attitudes, misses the vitality and originality of his earlier films such as A Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the Death. Unfortunately, the Wirwork in this movie is really below average, and if there's below-average / obvious Wirwork, you probably should not have been filming it at high speed. The same applies to the special effects that have a pronounced B-movie feel. Beans, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords, and other random objects fly through the air (after being thrown), regardless of logic, turning, climbing, and banking, as if a little pilot were in it. I know that logic has no place in stylized Chinese martial arts films. However, if you do not want to cause a lot of giggling in your audience, you should probably work a bit more on compositing. Mass melodrama, unintentionally funny dramatic moments, boring fight scenes, really uninspired action changes await you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. It's obvious that Zhang Yimou will not make films for the Chinese audience anymore. The goal is to reach the western market just like CTHD. After seeing Hero and SMMF, I've come to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to shoot Hollywood movies, he definitely has the right start. SMMF is basically the phantom threat of Chinese martial arts films. And I thought Hero was bad.
