OK, so I hired this clown-like Chainsaw Massacre-esquire-film, not expecting much, but I liked the novel approach of a serial killer film. (from the back of the box is the following overview) "At first it was just a joke - a myth around the campfire - for five friends who lived in a remote cabin in the Texas forest, but when they gradually disappeared -one replaced through scattered, bloody body parts and voodoo imagery, the remaining few wrestle for their lives, but he's out there, and he's sick, and all he wants is blood ... "So obviously right from the start It does not matter Sinn: Why is this clown in the woods? Why a clown? Why are their dolls drawn with the word "food"? Why Why In this hour, hardly anything is answered. boring except where this clown lives. The characters are stupid boys, stupid girls and a lot of fucking stuff. One in particular is a girl she brought up the road from a restaurant, and they thought they should help because she was harassed by a man she knew. What justifies this as an excuse to bring a girl in your circle of friends or in your cabin? Of course she starts to plant seeds of jealousy by the men to have sex with her by feeding her silent mind with everything they want to hear. The music was an average affair (usual wild keyboard music as in any horror film with no differences). The actors seemed to come from a soap opera, complaining and whining about everything. The idea that the lead actor of the film brings this girl into the cabin as a first date is a terrible date, but of course she gives herself up unrealistic the first night she meets him. There's not a budget for anything, it seems, but there was a clown outfit and a lot of cheap $ 1 store dolls lying around in the woods, which was a terribly fiddly place to shoot this whole movie (done too often) ). , I also waited for the clown to jump into the house to kill the other 4 characters in the movie (maybe through the glass), but nothing exciting like this came into the movie. I think you should like the clown as a murderer or something. <br /> <br /> I had to give the movie a 3. It was an interesting premise (clown as a Texas Chainsaw Massacre character, in essence) and I'm giving them a star because they were seriously staring all the way when the movie could have been a B-movie video, but they decided for the more legitimate style of the video. But in the end I probably would have had the feeling that the killer Klowns borrow again from Mars video before I check again. Ah, but the cover picture ... pretty great drawing.
