Far from providing the caffeine kick that you would expect from a movie that shares its name with the strongest energy boost of hot drinks, Coffy is getting closer and never rises above a mere revenge story. If the film was a cup of coffee, it would be rather weak and watery, littered with some unwanted residue, and lacking a lingering aftertaste. Sporadically it hits the mark, but otherwise it's not the hot action drama it hopes to be. <br /> <br /> In terms of the plot, Coffy is a nurse who takes the law into her own hands and delivers harsh justice to the drug addict, pimpinous mob-suckers who brought her younger sister into a rotten, sick state , Socio-political commentary on the plight of urban black youth in America is prominent in Coffy, and they provide some thought as Coffy crusades against political corruption and white establishment racism, which is a parasite of targeted Afro-American minorities. Unfortunately, the timely messages are undermined by the poor quality and lack of concentration of the film. Coffy's ideas are important, it's just that they're not targeted. <br /> <br /> One of the pluses of Coffy is the presence of Blaxploitation icon Pam Grier. Grier takes on her role with enthusiasm, creating an appealing action heroine as she fires the kill in her often spectacular actions of vigilant violence (how to handle a house full of hoods? Drive the car through the front door!). It's just a shame that the action occasionally wavers and wastes time to squeeze as much sexual exploitation as possible. The low budget could not have helped, but not the fact that Coffy Groove is missing for a Blaxploitation movie. As well as the problems are undermined by the lack of quality, the entertainment and excitement is also distorted by moments of stupidity and misleading. <br /> <br /> The overall result is artisanal and made of wood. We're getting a hip heroine, but not a hip movie. It's a shame, because Coffy has his moments and should rightly be considered a key movie in the blaxploitation craze. it's just never an average lukewarm number.
