I could not believe that this movie was from 2007, it looked like a subterranean horror movie of the seventies. Did not you have knowledge of modern special effects or CGI?!? Did not they know that the violence in a supposed horror and / or scifi movie after the millennium should be at least a bit graphic? Or have I misunderstood the purpose, should it be a deep and meaningful story of man and beast, linked together in the great cycle of life, or a warning to humanity not to engage with nature or anything? It does not really matter, however it turned out to be wrong and for me this movie has failed under all circumstances. <br /> <br /> First, the premise is very unlikely. If you're able to replace a total eye at one point, no responsible medical scientist would start his first human attempt with both eyes at the same time, which is totally unprofessional. And all this apparently without consent of the patient? And why should you choose eyes that are completely out of the ordinary for humans and make the victim look like a freak ?! Incidentally, I've noticed that all the real wolves in the movie had puppy, normal dark eyes. Could not they have been waiting for such a copy? The story is lame, it's about this poor guy Aaron getting those weird eye transplants that suddenly makes him feel like a donor wolf (or at least that's what I make of it), and then he's being chased by some military people. Especially the last piece is ridiculous. I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine soldiers wearing night vision goggles!), But since the operation fails because of the patient's apparent nervous breakdown, it is out of the question for me. I want to kill him. Why do not you leave him alone and look for another suitable recipient? (a volunteer maybe?). And why try to kill all the others who deal with poor Aaron, is not that a bit steep ?! Who the hell are these servicemen, I do not hope the US Army or the government, they behave like psychopaths, go around the hospital with automatic weapons and plunder private homes, as they pursue a public enemy No. 1, and show up during In the woods, there is a complete lack of discipline, like a bunch of scared schoolchildren panicking and accidentally shooting around. <br /> <br /> Aaron feels like a wolf after transplanting his eyes for unexplained medical reasons. Why should that be? Suddenly he sees visions of wandering wolves. What's this? Shall we believe the memories of the donor wolf are in his eyeballs?!? And that the recipient of these eyeballs can also accept the wolf's desire for red meat and jump from a 30-meter-high balcony and land unscathed like a cat on its all-fours (can a wolf do that too?)?!). <br /> <br /> The acting (or the lack thereof) has not contributed to the credibility of the whole: all stumble like wooden dolls through their lines, especially this Indian woman, but she may be pretty you can only one expression (annoying) and a little disinterested mumbling about the force of nature, and it beats me why Aaron overrides them all of a sudden (but hey, probably there had to be at least one love scene.)!). I really sympathized with actor Cory Monteith, who looks like a nice guy with a pretty-looking face, but they did not give him much. He has to walk around for more than half of the movie shirtless, which could have been fun, but then they would have preferred someone with a more impressive body, Monteith should really wear his shirt. His (few) killings and attacks are barely shown, we only hear a growl and screams and then another victim and Aaron with a little more blood on his face and chest. Not much for a modern science fiction horror! The only good drama came from Justine Bateman, and I really like seeing her mature to a beautiful and stylish woman with forty something. She did what she could with her stupid lines and she even convinced me with good intentions to be that doctor, but they turned her character into a kind of sissy that is totally blown away by the leader of these military men. What a pity the script did not make her get up! <br /> <br /> In the end, this is a silly and rather boring movie, barely scary or exciting, with unbelievable events and many overlong National Geographic-like images of wolves running through woods and hillsides (who cares ?! ?), some sophisticated Indian walks on man and nature and an unequal musical score with poppy songs at the most inopportune moments. I think the word "superfluous" includes everything.
