Hybrid begins when Aaron Scate's safety guard (Cory Monteith) gets involved in an accident that blinds him. Luckily, the brilliant scientist dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman), who works for Olaris, has developed an operation to transplant organs from one species to another. Hewitt thinks that Aaron is perfect for her first human experiment. Hewitt & her team plant the eyes of a wolf in Aaron and he miraculously regains his sight. Brilliant, right? Well, no, not really, since Aaron goes insane when he sees random pictures of wolves and begins to develop bloodlust. Aaron escapes from the Olaris building and tries to escape, but he's too valuable to just let go and start a full search to capture him ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Yelena Lanskaya This is another Sci Fi Channel offering that is simply terribly outrageous in every way. I think it probably started out as a pure 'creature' feature, but ended up as one of the most boring and boring sci-fi channel movies I've ever seen. There are even monsters or creatures. Hybrid is awful, the script is awful, and I'm not even sure who it should be. The initial set-up is okay with Aaron getting Wolf's eyes, but then Hybrid digs the sci-fi elements and becomes a kind of horrible drama, concentrating on Aaron's mental state, as he wonders, with an American one Aborigine nothing special to do. Yeah, you do not think the sci-fi channel could make a movie about wolves and bring in a lot of garbage about Native American mythology, right? The dynamics of the character is bizarre. Aaron is shown as a persecuted hero, but he's the only one who kills someone in the movie and is a pretty unlikely, ungrateful person, while dr. Hewitt is portrayed as an evil scientist she still gives Aaron returns his gaze and tries nothing but to help him. I mean, Aaron gets the gift of seeing back, but Hewitt is the bad guy? The normal sci-fi channel of the US military intervention is also available. The problem is why they want Aaron so much. He is not a soldier and while he has the eyes of the wolf to help him see in the dark, he is completely unremarkable. The script can not decide if it's in Aaron's mind or if it really is. The ending is hilariously bad with a half-naked (though only for television). Aaron walks with a pack of wolves through a forest of running music that I think is supposed to be emotional, but makes her even funnier. There are so many things that are wrong with Hybrid, it's slower than hell, there is virtually no action, there are no werewolves. The film turns in a circle and tries to get into Aaron's mind, but it's all so ridiculous, stupid and boring that you do not care. There's no explanation why Aaron gets transplanted despite Wolf's eyes, other Wolf senses too develop. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic, I have problems with my eyes, hell the hell I had a big eye surgery on the right & I can guarantee you that your eye would be bloated after an operation, you can not open it and it would hellishly hurt, though eye transplants are present as soon as Aaron wakes up in bed, and his eyes are perfectly no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, no blood or blood or violence and nothing that could excite you. In fact, I now think that there is not even a distant horror or sci-fi feeling, it feels like a bleak movie of the week. <br /> <br /> The film in Manitoba, Canada looks good, but is bland & forgetful. Acting is bad for everyone I've never met - and hopefully never again. Hybrid is a terrible movie that's obviously being marketed as a Werewolve 'Creature Feature' but far from it People are going to struggle really hard to reach the horrible end that's likely to put you in the rut.
