The plot sounds vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transplant animal eyes and optic nerves into other animals, such as humans. A young man (Monteith) is blinded to rescue a colleague at work - the scientist receives a call from a doctor that the young man is a good candidate for the first human recipient. The receiver begins to become more and wolf-like, but the effect is nothing but "funny eyes" and running at night with dogs! (for the whole movie) The budget is too low, the dialogue too stilted (I laughed out loud at the ridiculous talk) and the acting too incapable. Large parts of the film are nothing more than dreamy looks, eerie music and well-rehearsed clips of wolves in the wild. Even at 90 minutes too long, boring and uninspired. <br /> <br /> The military wants to use eye transplantation to restore sight to wounded soldiers and probably militarize the technology. There is a silly subplot about a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who believes that it can help by using Indian wisdom about the wolves. They love each other while listening to the drums and singing Indian music - crazy, man! The lovemaking takes place immediately after a cruel murder - who worked on this turkey?! A sullen "medicine man" spraying platitudes seems little to do except add atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Here are two ridiculous scenes. An employee of the research lab goes into the animal room and discovers that the monkeys have been left out of their cages. She's scared, looks to the left at the monkeys, turns right, turns left, turns right, turns left ... that goes on for a while (who edited that?). RUN OUT OF THE DAMN LAB! It was so stupid that I started to laugh. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home, escapes from a window as the heavily armed military arrive - he leaves the window open, the military go to the open window, look out the window, they say "looks like he was here "and let! He walked out the open window, guys !! Insane. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, military officers keep firing machine guns on trees when there's obviously nothing - the Squibs are easier to find, I think. They have 6 machine guns that fell trees, but decide to fight our hero with a knife !!! Shoot the guy !! Who wrote this trash? In the end there is a pointless confrontation, and believe me, I will not ruin anything for you - there is not enough action to ruin it. <br /> <br /> I think the whole thing was a tax write-off or a hurry to use unused budget from a better movie.
