This inferior universal cooler was just announced as an upcoming DVD release, but as part of a collection of similar films I already owned, I decided to purchase it from other channels instead of waiting for legitimate release. And that's a good thing, because the end result was nothing special (albeit a bit atmospheric): For the beginning, the plot is pretty weak. Although it anticipates in some ways the Vincent Price vehicle THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), albeit without the Campy gusto of this film. What do we actually have here a destitute sculptor (Martin Kosleck)? Who we even see how he shares his greasy cheese plate with his pet cat! ?? Once too often at the receiving end of the tiny pen of art critic Alan Napier, he decides to end everything by hurling himself into the nearby river. As he thinks about this action, he is expected by Rondo Hatton's escaped assassin "The Creeper" and of course saves the poor guy's life with the intention of doing all the dirty work for him in gratitude! Although it is supposed to play in the art circles of New York, we really only see Kosleck and the commercial painter Robert Lowery (who repeatedly paints the same statuesque blonde girl Joan Shawlee in banal poses.) How's that for the art? Engaged a rival art critic (Virginia Gray) by Napier? The latter will soon be discovered with a broken spine and Lowery is suspected; But then Detective Bill Goodwin identifies the ingenious idea of ​​calling in another critic to publish a devastating review of Lowery's work (I did not know that commercial sketches were checked !!) to measure how violent his reaction will be! In the meantime, Kosleck is mistaken in the idea that he is creating his masterpiece by creating Hattons unique rugged figure. and recognizable? Visage, of course, attracting the attention of the ever-visiting Gray (we believe her material is missing for her weekly column) - much to the chagrin of artist and model. Amazingly, though The Creeper is fully aware of what Gray looks like (thanks to her previously mentioned spur on Kosleck's flea pillow), he nudges Shawlee ?? who had become Goodwin's girl then! ?? in Lowery's apartment and when he overheard Kosleck's conversation (you guessed it) Gray about his intention to dismiss him as the fall-guy for the police, sends the slowly-understood giant out of its deep end - even down to the destruction of its own now completed stony picture. Oddly enough, although this was the penultimate film by Hatton, his credentials are preceded by the nickname "Introduction"!
