How pastoral the film that goes public proves so often. Once some critics say that something new is good (ie "shake cam"), everyone jumps on the train as if they lack independent thinking. This was not a good movie, it was a horrible movie. 1) plot? - What conspiracy? Borowski was hunted from start to finish from start to finish. That's the story. Do not look for anything deeper than this. 2) Cinematography? - Do me a favour! Any 7-year-old armed with an old and battered 8mm film camera would do a much better job (I'm not exaggerating here). This movie is a tour of amazingly amateurish camerawork. The ridiculous shaking of EVERYONE (I really mean any scene) will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) credible? - Oh yes, definitely. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I loved scenes where Bourne was persecuted by (local) police through the winding market streets of Tangier. - I have been to Tangier. Even the guides can not move through these streets, but Bourne relieves 100 policemen with speed and finesse. Greengrass has to laugh at the credulity of his film students. 4) Edit? - I do not know what the publisher was about when he made this movie, but I want some of that! - Each scene lasts between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I was sick at the end of the movie because the "strobe effect" of the "scenes" flew by. 5) Director - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The movie does not seem to have been directed. A case of Greengrass throwing a copy of the screenplay (every two pages) on the cameramen, and ordering "to shoot some scenes while he's drunk". - "Do not worry, guys, we tie the scenes together in the editing room". The publisher should be tarred, feathered, and stockpiled to bring this monstrosity to the canvas. 6) Not two, but two high-ranking CIA employees who provide the mistreated and misunderstood Jason Bourne with a delicate feminine treatment. - Risking your life for someone they were not even sure was not a traitor. Talk about stupid nuclear compoppers. (While the evil male CIA members plan to stop any agent dropping a paperclip on the floor). (Well, all humans are bad, are not they? - except of course at SNAGS). Yes, this is really a modern and politically correct film that depicts women as heroes of the day and the oppressive men as the real threat to humanity. 7) If the you-know-what finally hits the fan, the good triumphs over the evil (as always, right?) And the would-be assassin gets Jason Bourne on the heels - he suddenly makes a guilty verdict and waives deduct trigger ( Yeah - right ...) - at that moment, the evil deputy director simply shows up - the gun in his hand, and he squeezes. - How did this 60 year old man run so fast and not even out of breath? Miracles will never stop 8) Do not worry, there is a Senate hearing and the wicked are being brought up in the courts. Well, we can not have bad, politically incorrect CIA activists shooting people, right? How nice is it to have a lifelike P.C. Movie of the Noughties. ------------- The Bourne Ultimatum is total garbage.
