The number of fools in this episode was higher than the first nine. They do not follow their own rules about ghosts where the destruction of the body disintegrates the mind. This dropped a second body. This body and Dean fall about 20 feet from Sam, but then they are right with Sam. Flashlights go off at night in an unlit institution, and we can still see everything. It is night, but light streams through the windows. A ghost who died in the 1960s calls on the phone? Come on! There's no way Sam could get a psychiatrist to see him on the same day he makes an appointment, and the doctor talks to Sam as if it were not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew there were other bodies in the asylum and innocent spirits were still lurking and doing nothing to help them. That does not seem to be anything the Winchester guys would do. Oh, and after crawling around on an earth-filled mattress and around a nasty place, the girl's make-up and hair are perfect and no stain on her white shirt. <br /> <br /> While the implementation of this episode had some problems, the premise was good and a few times I was not exhausted, but nervous when Dean read Elicots's journal. I only knew that an object so very personal to the mind draws it to the person who violates his holiness. Elicot did not appear. Maybe that's a mistake for such an important object or place (like Elicot's office) that should attract the mind when a living thing touches or enters. If they break up, I want to scream ... so you die! Stay together and watch your back! 'but they do not listen to me: the Elicot spirit and its special abilities were a very nice touch. It's a prime-time show, but I wish the horror that Elicot tied down one of his victims and used the anticipation of torture to crawl us on. <br /> <br /> Especially because of the lack of light that I gave this 4. Sudden darkness or the flickering of the entire scene when the flashlight flickers is all the more frightening. The brighter coming or the flashlight, which is revived and instantly a ghost in her face, is shocking. I understand that the directors want us to see his scene, but then make a mention or obvious connection by having Elicot touch a socket and turn on the lights. Let the characters respond to the fact that an asylum without energy suddenly has lights in one room. Blue-white lights flicker like arcs like Elicot's fingerpower. <br /> <br /> Seriously, MCG could have done better.
