Houseboat Horror is a great title for this movie. It's absolutely apt and therefore the only aspect of the film for which I can give 10 out of 10 points. There are houseboats, there is horror, there is even horror, which takes place on houseboats. But if there ever was a slogan for the movie poster, it would certainly be "Something Shonky Comes Like This ..." for Houseboat Horror is for sure the worst Australian horror movie I've ever seen, let alone one of the worst horrors Films I have ever seen, and a rather cruel attempt to make films in general. The good news is, it's so damned awful that it sails straight through the viewer's contempt zone into the wonderful world of unintentional glee. It's worth to * look * because it's damn terrible. <br /> <br /> The category "worst" does not stem from the storyline just because there really is one: a record producer, a film crew and a rock band drive up to the mysterious Lake Infinity, a picturesque rural retreat somewhere in Victoria ( in reality Lake Eildon) to make a music video. Someone is not very happy to see them there, and may begin to do a favor to the audience, taking them off one at a time with a very sharp knife. Even more puzzling is how long it takes the survivors to actually notice. <br /> <br /> Superficially, it looks like a very malicious B-movie slasher. They have very annoying teenagers, intolerant elders, scary locals (one of whom, a gas station attendant, would easily win a contest), and let's be honest, my description of the killer could be Jason Voorhees. Ah, but if only the acting and production values ​​were about as good as the comparative masterpiece that was Friday the 13th Part VII. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely free of these two things. <br /> <br /> But in the end, that's just what you do, so ridiculous and amusing. Fans of "Late Show" and "Get This" member Tony Martin will get to know some of the real dialogue gems during the actual song ("Look at the view ... you'll stop!") To the music video to accompany it is so bad that you have to hear it to be believed. I do not wonder if writer / director Ollie Wood hoped it would actually be a hit. The horror element is similar to B-Slashern of the genre and especially the epoch, but there were times when I could not imagine how someone bites into a hamburger in front of the screen and saw a salve of tomato sauce sprayed on the wall on screen. <br /> <br /> In fact, if you've listened to Tony Martin, who recommended this movie as hilarious garbage, I do not think you'll be disappointed. Fans of "so-bad-it-good" horror should not miss this opportunity. Whether you "stop" or not is another matter. On the other hand, if you're looking for true excellence in the Australian horror genre, get a copy of the unrivaled "Long Weekend" and do not look back.
