When the remake of When A Stranger Calls came out, I was obviously interested in the original. Then, when I read about the original (which I remember was sorely freaked out by my sisters at the time), I saw that the real money fell on Black Christmas, which seems to beat everyone to the "Caller is in the House" beat. So I netflix that and it has been at the top of my list for months because of its "very long wait". All the time, I'm always looking forward to seeing it! Then one day finally comes out of the blue! ... and it's a total snore. <br /> <br /> Sure, maybe I had higher expectations, but I do not think it would have gained more if I had seen it fresh. The thing is, it's Christmas in some Canadian university town, and there's a student hosting a party. We see some killer POV shots as he climbs that lattice and sneaks into the attic. So we know he's in the house. Then will we be introduced to our characters? - Olivia Hussey as a lousy, whiny, Canadian-accented Jess. Margot Kidder as an annoying, overly aggressive alcoholic. She is so annoying that even her mother invites her to her Christmas party. There's also this irritating Janis Ian clone ("Phil") and this alcoholic mother, Mrs. Mac, who saw her drinking nips from the various bottles of alcohol she's been hiding all over the house. We also meet Jess' s strict friend Peter, played by Keir Dullea in 2001, and Bunny Lake lacks fame, though in the middle of the movie I still wondered, "Which Keir Dullea?". <br /> <br /> So it seems that the house received obscene telephone calls, but this was before the email, and they could not ask him to send a photo. Then? - Well, you know how these plastic bags are not a toy for cleaning? One of the sisters finds this the hard way. Are not you worried if you can not catch the first 14 shots of the plastic-lined corpse face that rests in the attic? - There will be 28 more movies scattered throughout the movie, God! There is a corpse in the attic! "But after the first hour it changes:" Why did not the dumb police find the prominently placed, plastic covered body in the attic? "Especially as it becomes very clear that it is clearly visible from the outside any time before CSI aired, it must have been a golden age of crime.The cops are so stupid, fortunately some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> After many damn boring human drama fears the housemother that her precious kitten has climbed up a vertical ladder and pushed open a heavy-looking trap with a door resting on it (those crazy cats!) as she sticks her head in there and ends up with a hook roll in the neck for the annoyance. Now we have two bodies in the attic - hey, why do not we have 75 more shots trying to reassure us by now having TWO bodies in the attic? <br /> <br /> So over Now the police have begun to take the situation seriously, call the house phone and station a policeman outside. They tell Jess and her buddy Janis Ian that the obscene caller needs to call back and hold him on the phone. Jessica, who has become even whinerish, lousy and annoying, always asks the caller: "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you?" as with the first 89 calls, when it is clear that he will not answer them. Is not that a sign of a developmental disorder? The inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts? And what will he do when you suddenly say, "Oh, yeah, hi, it's Bob from the Laundromat?" Stupid Jess. <br /> <br /> spoiler! Anyway, Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are soon piled up in bed with ketchup on their faces (the idea of ​​this Gore movie), and idiot Jess realizes that not a single door or window in the house is locked. Hello? Are you being followed or what? Then the policemen realize that the killer is in the house and call Jess and say to her, "Do not ask, just do what I say?" Go to the front door and get out. "So, what's the idiot Jess doing?" Yelling, Phil? Barb? Phil? "Hey, great idea, sister, why do not you just go upstairs and see a psychotic killer lurking there? Of course she does and sees her old friends, who are full of ketchup, and asks this viewer to watch the screen yeah, now you have to understand and understand, of course, Realize that this movie was made before the classic slasher movie tropics were laid out solidly, and that they do not move as fast as we used to and in the attic they see a plastic-covered corpse 206 times probably WHAT was scary people were not used to being followed by psychopaths so they would not think about locking doors or windows and they might be tempted to go upstairs if you just tell them that there is a rabid murderer up there, you know, people were stupid in the 70s, we have to understand that, one One of the big shocks is that we do not even see our Proto-Final Girl kill the nerves. But believe me, this fact is more interesting to be read in this review than to sit through the movie. Spoilers end! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, look at Cinema de Merde, my website about bad and cheesy movies (with some good movies). The URL can be found above in my e-mail address.
