Unhinged was part of the video nasty censorship film selection that Britain had built in the 80s. Does not keep the bloody stuff in the hands of children, do not you know? Many had to wonder what the jumble was about. Unhinged is a tame little fairytale by today's standards. <br /> <br /> 3 girls go to a jazz concert ... and immediately you know that the body count will be pretty low. They get lost in the woods and get into a car accident. They are picked up by some local residents who live in a scary house in the forest. One of the girls is seriously injured and has to stay up. Then people talk. Let's talk about why the girls are here and how they have to be on time for dinner, because Mom does not like being late. And talk more. Yakkity Yak. A little excitement arises as a crazy guy walks around harassing the girls, and someone's eyeball looks through holes in the walls at the pretty girls in something that looks like Hitchcock's Psycho. I digress because there's so much blah blah in this movie that you wonder when the murders will begin. In fact, one of the girls is so bored that she walks alone through the forest looking for the city. Smart train. She probably knew about the lonely maiden walking alone in the woods, but they did not care. After that we talk more while we wait, wait and wait a bit longer for the next girl to be killed or not. <br /> <br /> And then there's the twist end. The "expected" unexpected for some viewers, for others a real gotcha. Maybe the only reason someone really wants to see this. I do not care how twisted it is, nothing in this movie makes up for the boring time I've seen. Despite the small impact of the end, the director did not have what it takes to really make a good story. It would be a much better 30-minute - 1-hour TV episode to say, Tales from the Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really need to get this for some reason, just say you saw every Slasher movie, do yourself a favor and have the Fast Forward button ready. Since the movie has so many unimportant scenes, just zoom in and in no time you will end up "WOW, that's how it was all the time". Oh and in the middle of the movie there is a shower scene with 2 girls showing boo bees. Horray for boo bees. These beautiful, buzzing honey bees.
