If you sit down to watch Unhinged, it's probably because his advertisements, video boxes, whatever, are screaming that it has been banned in the UK for over 20 years (like virtually any video). This is true; Exploitation and taboo excite people and make them promise their controversy. As an exploitation fan, it was nothing new to me. The ad that screams that the movie was banned in the UK does not necessarily make me look at it. The first thing that normally comes to my mind is how abhorrent paranoid British censors are. How I got there at the time is simple: it promised Gore and it was only $ 6.99. Just the price made me aware that this will not be the next Halloween, but a cheap padding of your DVD collection never hurts. However, I have been forced to see everything in one sitting because I find that the decision to save the rest for another day inspires you even less to finish it. After 90 minutes Unhinged, I realized that I had come across the cheapest sleep aid available. I think the distributors could make a fortune if they just changed their marketing technique. <br /> <br /> The layout of Unhinged is like a usual slasher from the 80s. There are unnecessary shower scenes and exploitative blood. That's all. Anyway, it starts with a group of three attractive colleagues who smashed their car on the way to a concert. Although two of them (Terry and Nancy) are okay, one (Gloria) is seriously injured and has no provision for the rest of the movie. They are rescued and given shelter in a mansion (which, of course, does not have a telephone) with strangers: Marion is a middle-aged woman with a husband-hating mother who constantly accuses Marion of sneaking into the apartment and sleeping with them (echoes from Psycho?). She also has a crazy brother Carl who lives in the woods because her mother's hatred for men is so great that she does not let him stay in the house. After Terry (our "heroine") and Nancy hang out with Marion for a while, they decide they need to turn to their parents. Despite all the warnings, Nancy braves the dangerous woods to reach a telephone (her fate is not difficult to predict). Then we see Gloria again, who is then slaughtered promptly with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from her room, she decides that something is wrong with this image, and goes in search of her missing friends. That may be easier said than done, but the crazy Carl lurks around. <br /> <br /> After seeing Unhinged, I read an overwhelming number of reviews explaining that Unhinged worked perfectly because it took time to build its theme, which created real excitement until that Moment of truth comes in the end. Normally I do not take the opinions of others into my reviews (especially if they disagree with my views), but in that case my reactions were so puzzled that I thought it would be relevant to mention. This is because the movie is actually crawling. In order for the slow build-up tactic to work, the audience needs to have the strong feeling that the characters are in danger. Sure, we see two of them being murdered, but in between there are endless conversation scenes and boredom. We realize that there is a killer who is at large, but that only focuses on the movie three times. That is, there is no reason to fear the victims. Instead, the events of the film are not explained by the actions of the characters, but pulled out by incessant talk for us. If you can assure yourself of it, you can be sure that scenes that only last 75 minutes are very lengthy. None of this is helped by the cruel spectacle. It seems that this was another case where the director needed actors, and decided to bring his friends together rather than find someone with experience. Of course, I would be a liar, if I did not say part of the movie that I enjoyed. In particular, the end was one of the best I've ever seen in a Slasher movie. They just do not expect this to happen. Just knowing that the director had the balls to do that is spectacular. Ah, I will not spoil it, and I will not say that the end will completely make up for the rest of the slow-moving movie, but it will definitely grab your attention. Besides, the other two murder scenes are at least slightly faster, but it's not that you could not say who would die after fifteen minutes. Anyone looking for a bloodbath, however, will be disappointed. These are the only scenes of Gore. That and of course no scene can save a whole movie. I usually preach the lesson that as long as there is action, the worse a movie is, the better it gets. Unhardened captures only part of this concept. The whole movie just feels Luke warm; That's fine, but the director was either not so experienced that it worked, or he simply did not know what the hell he was doing.
