The Invisible Maniac begins when the young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) is caught by his stern mother (Marilyn Adams), who watches a girl (Tracy Walker) brushing through his telescope ... Cut to 'Twenty Years Later' and Kevin Dornwinkle (Noel Peters) is now a physics professor claiming to have found a way to make things invisible using a "Mollecular Reconstruction" serum. In a demonstration in front of his scientific colleagues, however, it fails and everyone laughs at him, Dornwinkle kills some of them and is locked up in a mental hospital, from which he escapes. Jump on "Two Weeks Later" and a group of summer college students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when headmistress Mrs. Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack) says she's hired a replacement, yes, you have Dornwinkle guesses it. The student does not pick him up and does not treat him like filth, but Dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum and used it to satisfy his perverted sexual inclinations and craving for revenge ... <br /> <br /> Written & directed Adam Rifkin, who wisely hid under the pseudonym Rif Coogan (I do not want my name to be associated with the shit of a movie either). The Invisible Maniac is a true flooring. The script of Rifkin, sorry Coogan & Tony Markes, is terrible. It's trying to be a teenage sex / comedy / horror hybrid that fails in every department. For starters, sex is nothing more than a few female shower scenes and a few tits shots, I'm not afraid of anything else & the birds in The Invisible Maniac do not look so good. The comedy is lame and every joke is missed by the proverbial mile. This is the kind of movie that thinks someone is fighting an invisible man or Henry (Jason Logan) has a dumb man trying to make a phone call, is weird. The Invisible Maniac makes the Police Academy series (1984 - 1994) look like a pinnacle of sophistication! The horror aspect is also lame. It's also incredibly slow (it takes more than half an hour before Dornwinkles even becomes invisible), boring, predictable, boring, and has extremely annoying and unlikely teenage characters. <br /> <br /> Director Rifkin or Coogan or whatever The Invisible Maniac to taste and make an experience. There is no fear, tension or atmosphere and overall the movie is a chore. He does not do anything with the invisibility angle, only a few doors that open on their own are as adventurous as they can get. There is little grief or violence, a bit of splashing blood, a few choking and the only decent piece in the whole movie, if someone blown off his head with a shotgun, unfortunately he was invisible at the time and we can only see The Headless Torso behind , <br /> <br /> The budget must have been low, and I mean, really low, because this is a really cheap-looking movie. In Dornwinkle's laboratory, there are basically two glasses on his bedside table! When he flees the mental hospital, he has sent a single dog after him. The entire school has about a dozen students and two teachers. The Invisible Maniac is a poorly made movie throughout its 85-minute season. I've discovered the boom microphone on at least one occasion ... Let's just say the drama is of a low standard and leaves it at that. <br /> <br /> The Invisible Maniac is crap, plain and simple. I have not found any redeeming features at all, there are so many better movies to watch, so there is no need to waste time on this garbage. To avoid in any case.
