Hellborn begins when a young psychiatric doctor named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) takes his residence in the asylum of St. Andrews ("psychiatric hospital"), as they like to call it there. With almost 600 patients Bishop meets his boss McCort (Bruce Payne) & is taken to work, he gets an 'A', in which some seriously disturbed and dangerous patients are detained. If that was not bad enough on his first visit, Bishop finds a body and has sprayed threatening graffiti messages over his room. Bishop begins to hear stories from the patients about sinister processes in the asylum, noting that the stories have more than a trace of truth about them ... Known as Asylum of the Damned In the USA, this supernatural horror film was staged by Philip J. Jones. I kind of liked it, but in the end there were too many unsatisfactory elements to enjoy it. Matt McCombs' script is pretty serious, and I really liked the idea and some of their ideas, but there are a few things that work against it. For starters, the movie is just too slow, the story is pretty good and does not tell you too soon, but it takes an absolute age to get started and I lost interest every minute. I also thought that so-called twist-ending was way too predictable and the end itself was far too bland and memorable. It's a shame because I liked the story, the character, the setting and some ideas, but it's just too slow and frankly boring to talk about for 90 minutes. It's one of those movies I'd recommend, but honestly I can not. <br /> <br /> Director Jones does a good job, which is actually a well lit and pretty atmospheric movie. I would not say that there is something weird here. I'm not sure if Hellborn was shot in a real lunatic asylum, but if they did not, they did a great job on the sets and the movie looks pretty good overall. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of blood or action, there are two hand-printed wounds and a severed tongue. That's it, absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or blood, which must be perceived as a disappointment. Depending on who you believe and which review you read, the special effects are either the worst or very good, even as a devoted observer of low-budget horror, I was very impressed with the effects, especially the demon thing, the mighty looks impressive and a man is more in a suit effect than in a terrible CGI computer graphics, though this is an impressive suit. It all depends on your expectations. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is good, looks good, and the lack of CGI computer effects is something I appreciate. Acting is not great, but it could have been better. Hellborn is a film that has disappointed me, there were some good things, but at the same time some terrible things that unfortunately outweigh the waves well. I liked parts of it, but as a 90-minute viewing experience it would be absolutely impossible to recommend it to anyone.
