Theoretically, films should be a form of entertainment. This excludes documentation and other experimental forms of filmmaking; Most films, especially genre films, do not just have to tell their story or message, they also have to entertain their target audience in some way. All this, just to say that a bad movie is, in my opinion, not a movie with low production values ​​or a low budget, a bad movie is a boring movie. <br /> <br /> "Hellborn" or "Asylum of the Damned," as we know it in the US, is a bad movie just because it's just not involved and irresistibly boring and tiring. Although it has a very good premise, it is poorly developed and the mediocre spectacle does not make things any better. On other hands, the movie could have been a nice or even classic B-movie, but here's just a bad attempt to make a movie. <br /> <br /> Director Philip J. Jones tells the story of James Bishop (Matt Stasi), a young psychiatric resident who just got his dream job at St. Andrew's Psychiatric Hospital; But the old asylum seems to hide a secret. After the mysterious deaths of some patients and the constant rumors of satanic practices, James decides to find out what's going on. Only to the disbelief of his boss, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne), who believes that Bishop is as insane as his patients. <br /> <br /> While the premise is pretty interesting, the film leaves an execution a lot to be desired. In an attempt to create a supernatural psychological thriller, Jones makes an easy way out and makes a movie that's filled with every cliché of the genre. Of course, there are many great films that are also filled with stereotypes. But in "Hellborn" every single one is wasted and turned into a cheap fright to keep things moving, resulting in a boring and predictable storyline. Great exception: Bruce Payne offers a first-rate performance that makes the film unworthy of such good acting appears. Matt Stasi is very weak, as the main character and the rest of the cast provide for unforgettable performances. Despite all these shortcomings, one has to be written about "Hellborn"; It has an optical look, very good for the budget and very similar to today's big-budget hollywod horror productions. Also, the make-up and the prosthetics are very well made and the designs for the main antagonist are pretty good. Unfortunately, the rest of the special effects are awful and outdated and form a great contrast to make-up and prosthetics. <br /> <br /> "Hellborn" is a movie that has some good things that are terrible due to its serious deficiencies. Hardcore horror or B-movie fans might be interested in their premise, but it's a boring and tiring experience. 3.10
