This is the page for "House of Exorcism," but most people have confused this movie with the Mario Bava masterpiece "Lisa & the Devil," which explains the ridiculously high rating of this "House of Exorcism." When "Lisa & the Devil" was screened at film festivals at the beginning of the 1970s, this was a decisive success. The audience responded well to this beautiful gothic horror movie. Unfortunately, it was a little ahead of its time and was considered too unusual and not commercial enough for mass consumption. No dealer would buy it. Producer Alfredo Leone decided to edit "Lisa", seemingly with a chainsaw, by removing about half of the original film and adding new scenes that he filmed two years after the original product! It is important to note that Bava had little to do with these new, vile additions. Technically, "House of Exorcism" is not a Bava movie. The original product is a slow, dreamy, stylish production. A few minutes after the film, the viewer is torn out of this dream world when Lisa (two years older and with a completely different haircut) suddenly starts to writhe on the floor, like guttural noises and croaking epitaphs "suck my co @ k" etc Fine, huh? And so the film goes on, he jumps between a beautiful visual film and a rip off the class Z "Exorcist" back and forth. Leone tried to incorporate these shock scenes while retaining the semblance of a story. He failed miserably. When the decision was made to basically destroy "Lisa and the Devil," Bava himself declined and said his film was too beautiful to cut. He was right, and it must have been rather sad for this artist to have destroyed all his work and flushed down the toilet. It took many years for the original "Lisa and the Devil" to be seen again and reappeared on late-night television. I had seen "Lisa" long before I saw this new version, and it was downright disturbing to see one of my favorite movies "vandalized" this way. Worth seeing only for the sake of curiosity. Otherwise avoid this insidious catastrophe like the plague.
