But I doubt many ran to see this movie. Or "some ran out of the cinema". Okay, that's a bit tough. <br /> <br /> The film starts inadvertently funny: after many years Frankie-boy returns to his hometown (it smells like clichés) and the whole city is shaken by his arrival: he is being talked about, everybody wants to come along Talk to him, and every woman he meets will flirt with him as if there is no tomorrow - even his niece indicates that she would like to drop her date with Frankie-Boy a little longer! Even his pretty niece wants a piece of him! Sounds like one of those ridiculous "Mike Hammer" episodes in which EVERY single woman wants Stacey Keach. And like Stacey Keach, Frankie-Boy is anything but a wet dream of a good-looking woman. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without the fame) would not get so close to someone as handsome as MacLaine. But in this Hollywood movie it's the other way around: MacLaine is absolutely crazy about Frankie Boy, but he does not care. Sinatra plays his "cool" show far too often in his films and is rarely credible. Dean Martin is a kind of abuse; As a card player, he is not a Miscast, but because of the accent that just does not suit him. MacLaine is as always charming, but she plays a cartoon - and this reliance on cartoons is one of the movie's basic problems. The main characters are all stereotypes of bad or all-watched movies and cheap novels. Frankie is the "cool cat" who returns to the city to fetch all the women, and he can not care less about his writing (which, as expected, eventually gains recognition); Martin is a sloppy but friendly card player; MacLaine is the dumb but very likable Bimbo. Frankie's blond love interest is a playful literary expert; Frankie's brother is the successful man who has married into his wife's business and has a bad marriage; and so on. Clichés. <br /> <br /> The story contains some coincidences that are a little too far-fetched for my taste: Frankie happens to bump into a pub with his niece; By chance, his niece is meters away from her father when he kisses his secretary for the first time; and then there is the awful, stupid ending. <br /> <br /> A drunk guy who wants to kill Frankie Boy can somehow find him in a carnival! The place is completely overcrowded, with the typical noise and chaos - and it happens in the evening - and yet the guy somehow finds Frankie (though he was drunk as a doorknob) and shoots at him. But guess who he kills? MacLaine. She jumps in front of the ball to save Frankie: a cliché that comic writers could scream. This extremely miserable, overly dramatic and annoying ending can certainly not please any, even semi-intelligent, observer. And that happens on the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra got married! The writer of this nonsense seems to have read shitty dime novels all his life - how else to explain the writing of this movie? There is even a deck of cards that comes with a fight with Frankie & Martin and some cliché caricatures from the writer's "lively" imagination. (It was suddenly like a bloody western.) Another stupid thing is the way Sinatra went crazy with the boring, vicious snot and MacLaine was pretty much ignored. Later in the film, we find Sinatra MacLaine to be too stupid for him, just as blonde Bimbo Sinatra thinks it's too low for her. In terms of MacLaine, there is some snobbery and contempt in the script. MacLaine is treated as worthless by all, while the blond Bimbo is treated as a princess and intellectual. the ironic truth is that the character of the latter is rather dumb and not at all intellectual. Their behavior, their comments and opinions are mostly clichés, stupid, confused, overbearing and primitive. At least MacLaine's character knows she (MacLaine) is stupid. There is another irony I have not overlooked: Sinatra struggled to find an end to his latest story - much like the author of that film, and so he came to the stupid, crappy finale. <br /> <The film basically has a solid cast, and the photography is nice, but the script, though sometimes fine, relies too much on silly nonsense rather than on reality-based characters and events. <br /> <br /> If you're interested in reading my "biographies" of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals. Contact me by e-mail.
