The strangely named Vera-Ellen was to dance, which Sonja Henie filmed while skating: blonde, girlish, always adorable to look at, but not a particularly good actress, and mostly stained with weak materials. When I see Vera-Ellen's sexy Apache dancing with Gene Kelly in "Words and Music," I can not help but notice that her blouse (yellow with narrow red stripes) seems to consist of the South Vietnamese flag. For some reason, the very American Vera-Ellen played in * two * musicals (separated for several years) in Edinburgh, a city not known for her tap dancers: "Let's Be Happy" and "Happy Go Lovely" /> <br /> In the latter, Cesar Romero plays an American impresario who for some reason plays a musical in Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to link this show to the Edinburgh Festival, which is nonsense: the festival is not a showcase for tangy leg shows. We also see some stock shot of the Royal Mile: apart from some accents in the Highland, there is absolutely no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere in this film. The funniest gag occurs at the very beginning when we learn that the title of Romero's show is "Frolics to You": This is a cheeky pun that the British get and Yanks does not. <br /> <br /> Vera-Ellen is sweet and appealing as always and an impressive dancer, but the few musical numbers in this movie are boring and bad. The conspiracy - a false identity between the magnate David Niven and the reporter Gordon Jackson - is mindless, if nothing more than the conspiracy of several dozen Hollywood musicals. Romero is less annoying than usual here, probably because he (by way of exception) is not obliged to convince us that he is interested in the heroine. <br /> <br /> The biggest downside of this movie is the abuse of Bobby Like The Father of Sally Ann Howes was a big star of the musicals in the West End. His wistful rendition of "She's My Lovely" was a great success in Britain in 1937. Here he is seen in several scenes as a Romero dog, but never has the chance to participate in a music number, or even a real comedy. It's absolutely criminal that this movie - with a title that contains the word "Lovely" and certainly makes Howes's biggest hit - is a big British musical star, but it has nothing to do! <br /> <br /> The delightful character actress Ambrosine Phillpotts (with whom I once worked) shines in a restaurant sequence, and there's a look at the doomed beauty of Kay Kendall. As a confidante of Vera-Ellen, someone named Diane Hart speaks in one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard: it sounds like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns at the same time, but they do not fit together. Val Guest has a story, but this film does not match the quality of his brilliant comedies. Color photography is miserable, although I realize that post-war Britain could not afford Hollywood's litigation work. "Happy Go Lovely" is a pleasant waste of time at best, with "wastefulness" being the deciding word. I rate this film only with 4 out of 10 points.
