You have to understand, when Wargames was released in 1983, a generation of wannabe computer hackers emerged. The idea that a teenager could take far-reaching measures and deter a world war was new and exciting. Real computers began to show themselves in people's homes, and for the first time society was so interconnected that the premise of the film became excitingly forward-looking. Granted, a talking computer that balances its free time between chess and the global thermonuclear war was far-fetched, but the brilliant commentary on nuclear proliferation and the cold war made up for it. I've probably even heard of the hackers on which this film is based. <br /> <br /> Fast forward of 25 years, and we have a terrible mutant of something I call a "sequel" Wargames: The dead code. I'll just go right in. Initially, the plot depends on a government-run gambling site where people who win the games automatically become terrorist suspects. You are probably very confused now. The idea is that the terrorist will eventually click on the sub-game on the website called "The Dead Code," where he controls a plane over a city and sprays it with biological weapons. At some point in the game you have to choose between "Saringas" and "Anthrax". If you choose Sarin, you will automatically be confirmed as a bioterrorist weapon expert, and your family will be detained and questioned. In the movie that actually happens. However, since the payment for the game was made from a suspicious bank account, this obviously makes sense. <br /> <br /> Second, the AI ​​avatar in this direct DVD bomb is annoying flash animation that repeats the pop-up Ad Esquire sound bite "play with me baby". Because in the future, the advanced AI obviously loses interest in intellectual activities like chess and goes into porn. Third, the motivation for these "hackers" is the profit and the women, as opposed to the pure curiosity of the original movie. For some reason, the latest hacker movies feel the need to portray all young adults as average surfer-type people who are just like everyone else. That may work for the average sitcom, but come on, you're not learning how to take government computers by doing your hair, doing sports and shopping in the mall, people. The only novelty I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue, a reference to a Matt Damon movie can be found, and later the phrase "Good Hunting, Will". I swear they called the main character Will just for this sentence so they could send Mr. Damon a high five. This Will Kid is not bad, but he definitely was not like an obsessive hacker I've ever met. I can not quite say how annoyed I am that this film has the same name as the original, because he has absolutely nothing in common with him, except ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) reappear in this film, as a slack old man who apparently dies of boredom, and as a dilapidated old tic-tac-toe machine with a higher voice. After some stinging, Joshua (the AI) seems to have sex with the new AI with the porn voice, a bunch of board games on the big screens and the whole thing "The only way to win is not to play". Revelation should be the crowning moment. Except those of us who have seen the original, you know, those who want to see this at all were already there and have done that. A recycled conclusion for a movie made from last month's compost. <br /> <br /> The new movie was directed by a 90210 man and written by men who make B movies. The original was directed by a man who has dealt with "Heroes", so you can see the quality difference there. It was talked of a real remake, but I hope that this classic will not be destroyed again. I swear to you, if I have to, I will visit every gambling website until I find the one operated by a psychotic government computer. The saving grace is that I was able to stream this to Netflix. The only energy I spent watching this disaster was breathing, clicking and indigestion.
