Someone should one day study architecture, as seen in horror movies. from all these explorations of strangely landscaped mansions, searching for secret passageways and crypts, tracking down monsters through air channels, and so forth. I can only remember a couple of films in which architecture played a big role - "Demon Seed", "Cube", the remake of "Thirteen Ghosts" - but it's at the heart of any story about a scary house or church or crypt; It's about the character and influence of rooms, passages and walls. So I was looking forward to this thriller, where he promised to be central. The idea is this: An architect has - indeed - rebuilt - built a huge and spacious house for himself; His wife has just left him, mainly because of his own selfishness, but it is also implied because she can not get used to the place since he reshaped it. He lives in unfamiliar solitude (this time real and not virtual) and comes to the suspicion that someone else - a stranger who had come to the door in the evening to use the phone and suddenly disappeared - lives in the house; Only the place is big enough to never see it. <br /> <br /> This is a good start to a melodrama that you would expect to see some of the following: After Searching the House for the Intruder A few times without success, the architect resorts to his blueprints performing more systematic searches and trying in various ways to surprise, intercept, or ambush the intruder, possibly through some peculiarities that he has built into the structure. In the meantime, the intruder has discovered hiding places and back paths between places that the architect did not think of or that he can not remember. The movie would become a cat-and-mouse game, a hunt, a battle; In attempting to trap the intruder, the architect himself ended up in his own creation, in a way not expected. Then he would be forced to think for himself - and perhaps at the same time out of his self-imposed isolation - and in a final turn he would nail the damned and maybe even kill him. <br /> Something like this does not happen in this movie; The house is just a house, the architect is just a guy, and his archenemy has an unknown character, if he exists at all. The following happens in the movie: Once the intruder is installed in the house - if it is him - the architect hears sounds, but when he begins to investigate, he finds nothing. He calls the police, they think he's a little crazy. He persuades his strange wife to spend the night, she thinks he is more crazy. Eventually he runs more or less by chance into the intruder (he does not look good, but numbers, who else could it be?) - not a difficult question, in a story with up to this point less than three main characters), whereupon he opens the doors locks, lowers grills by the windows, throws away the key (I do not know why he thought it necessary) and makes his victim go hungry. I missed why this was a matter of course: The doors and walls are made of steel. In any case, the architect sleeps in his car. And since the idea of ​​the film is not developed and can not be developed now, something else has to be found. And that's it: the architect - are you ready? - moves into the house of the man who (presumably) moved to his house and lives there as well. How is that possible? That's not the case, but the film takes this route to try to make it look like this: the architect has drawn a picture of the man who came to his door; and when he leaves the house, he takes the picture with him; and while sitting in his car, he throws the picture on the street; and two children pick it up and watch it resemble Martin, their neighbor; The architect then asks where his house is and the children show the way. <br /> <br /> If this sequence borders on the implausible, then what comes out of it will be remembered. The architect moves in with Martin's wheelchair woman without knowing it; He is so furtive in his movements and so crafty in reading his hostess that he is always able to leave a room when she comes in, or to move out of sight when she turns around. In this section, the film is wise in one way or another, by making the point (or letting the viewer do it) that his life with this stranger, who does not know he is there, is essentially the same life he is lived with his wife as a virtual recluse with her as a practical buffer. At the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into Raffles, the burglar, unbelievable. So as not to end up with a series of twists - including another murder achieved by trapping another person behind another invincible door - in front of a landing so weak that it collapses under the weight of a wheelchair. two nice people going on with murder; and (before the story began) the unnoticed construction of a tunnel under several houses ... To the final, long awaited phrase, the film adds another to make it even more offensive, and then ... he ends /> <br / > Here is a story that depends on the evolution of two things - the stranger's image in the house and the character of the man whose house it is - and fidgets both. The first fiddle makes it boring; the second infuriated me as he continued to advance his main character along an ever-zigzagging path, never offering an explanation for the character that most needed one: Martin, the tunnel builder, and the back tenant. The story should someday be renewed by someone.
