"Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a multi-time film that discussed teenage issues in the UK and how these troubled, ever-adolescent teenage issues can be related to the youth of tomorrow. It could have been called the "Moulin Rouge" of the 80s, but it disappeared. It made its very shallow tracks on the world, sneaked under the radar and can now be found as dust is collected either in the music section, the comedy section or in the politically obscure section of this rundown video store, for which no chain money is needed to survive. Unfortunately, I did not find it there? but I found it, watched it, tried to sing it at all costs, stared Bowie in the eye, but found myself fading in the end. Has it not survived the test of time? Is London of the 1950s too far removed from our society today? Is Bowie too scary? I think "Absolute Beginners" is a perfect example of a movie that starts with a bang, but in the end it's just a sparkle. <br /> <br /> "Absolute Beginners" opens with a huge number that leads us through the pristine streets of London, where nocturnal theft, prostitutes on every corner, dancing around the area, alcohol like rivers and the smartest relationships too almost every single person is involved. Sounds like a place we would all hate? Law? Director Julien Temple keeps the mood in most of the songs bright and eye-catching as we try to learn about a plethora of our main characters. Most of all we follow Colin, played by Eddie O'Connell, who dreams of being a photographer while photographing his favorite girl Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry, and while Suzette looks like a pre-rehab Lohan, they worked for me. There was a huge spark between them, the chemistry was like lava, and I believed that these two could get me on a road I had never traveled. I was ready ?? but then something happened. Temple kidnaps us from the nightlife, kidnaps us from the city we grew up with in the beginning, and reverses the roles completely without devoting ourselves to the first one. Suzette runs away, Colin gets perverted and Bowie ?? Well ?? I'm not sure what his role is, but he sings surprisingly well when climbing. I can tell you so much. The temple gives us this eye-catching city, this opportunity to see those who inhabit it, but it hangs high and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. We mainly learn about Colin, but nobody else. I could probably watch this movie again and I'm still just as confused as to who's annoyed about it and what fashion meant for that era. Was it really teen? They all seemed like they were driving their late 20s, but maybe it was my TV. <br /> <br /> Character development thrown right out the door tries to overcompensate Temple by giving us bigger, luscious songs with even more characters we do not know about. One of my favorite songs in the movie uses that idea as a prime example , Temple uses a split house to show us the life of Colin's parents (I did not know they were after the movie) and a song that screams apathy. Great song, too many characters, not enough time, was suddenly drawn into another scene with no coherence, and it just falls into your hands. If that was not enough, then we'll rock our heads to the beat of some great songs, rub our noggin 'and try to understand where our characters are or go, and Temple throws hatred, anger and politics into the finale storyline. While I had hoped that this film would have its own theme, I did not think racism was on the bill. Suddenly friends are missing, people are angry and there is a guy who fights Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of a different race? Someone helps me out here. It seemed to be completely hectic and overwhelming? almost as far as wanting to turn off the movie. For me, the end of "Absolute Beginners" was far from the excitement of the opening number. This first part set the pace, and Temple could not keep up. <br /> <br /> Overall, I have to say that Temple can make a music video, but I do not think he was quite well prepared for the movie. I do not think this movie will ever reach cult status and probably will not be remembered for many years. It's a funny movie that you can see at first, but when we get to that last part, it just explodes from the inside. I wanted something modern, but instead I found a crazy Bowie with characters I did not care about. I could see how this film could relate to the youth of the 80s, but in the end he just felt compelled. I think everyone in this production should have taken a moment to hear "motivation" from the always crazy Bowie in this movie, it could have helped make this feature a better cult status. I'm glad I saw this movie once, but that's all my little brain can absorb. I loved how Temple caught me from the start, but he could not control his characters (far too many) and the songs did not seem to match the final moments of the movie. It came from nowhere and was not wanted. If it was a film about racism, it had to be from the start. "Absolute Beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I do not think I will dust this movie in the future. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** out of *****
