This film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us the fate of two main characters and the names of people and places were changed ... before we were told that the relation to actual people and events is purely coincidental. This endline actually summarizes everything that went before; since Rino Di Silvestro's chaotic film completely lacks the view, and whether the plot has meaning; it was not deliberately put there. Werewolf-woman is often regarded as a guilty pleasure or as a "so bad is good" movie, but I totally disagree. I usually like movies like this; but Werewolf-Woman is indeed a bad movie and, despite all, sex and ferocity shown; It does not even make a funny clock, and that's really unforgivable. The movie really does not have much action, but the thin piece we get involves a young woman who also dreams that she is a werewolf. She dreams of finding men, having sex with them and finally killing them. Back in the real world, she falls in love, but her lover is killed and she goes for revenge ... <br /> <br /> The film consists of scenes of sex and gore that are stuffed with extremely boring speech sequences, in different characters think about recent events. These scenes are probably there to relay the plot and build characters; But they really do not and they only succeed in making a passable exploitation an extremely suppressive film. It seems that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than in the plot. This is also reflected in the fact that the film looks good and sounds good. The sex scenes are often overly long and not very erotic, but the Gore works well. The premise is ripe for a very sexy piece of exploitation, since there are many naked women and the fact that the central character has a werewolf origin means that there could be a lot of eroticism; But that's not a big thing, and though I can endure huge doses of bad acting and badly crafted storylines, I can not stand watching movies and boredom. Overall, I would not even recommend this movie to big exploitation fans. There is much better than that, and the title may sound fascinating - the movie is not so.
