"La Lupa Mannara" aka. "Werewolf Woman" from 1976 is a movie with a promising title, but unfortunately the film itself is far from being a must-have for my Italian horror friends. You will not hear me saying that the movie by Rino Di Silvestri is totally bad - it has stylish moments and the first half is really fun (although the fun is not intended). The film also benefits from the extraordinary exhibitionist lead actress Annik Borel. However, the film, which has no real action (at least not linear), often makes no sense at all and is unimaginable in the mostly superfluous second half. Daniella (Annik Borel) has strange traits dreaming of dancing naked at night before turning into a werewolf woman. Because she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then, when her sister (cult siren Dagmar Lassander) comes to her husband, Daniella suddenly feels attracted to her husband and then turns himself into a werewolf woman ... or something. The plot really makes no sense, which makes the movie very funny in the first half. The main character Daniella is a schizophrenic mix of cold hysterical and lusty nymphomaniacs who occasionally become a werewolf-woman. Director Di Silvestri chose the storylines with a lot of female nudity, which works well for me. There are also some well-made Gore moments. The movie is never exciting or scary, but in the beginning it is very entertaining. There are no attempts to hide that this is a sleaze slice. The camera often takes close-up shots of the private parts of Miss Borel to get the job done. I am not complaining. For some reason Di Silvestri decided to make the movie longer by completely changing the direction in which he moved. While Daniella is a typical werewolf at first, unable to cope with the impulses of her curse, this suddenly changes when she meets a man (Howard Ross, who was in Fernando Di Leo's "Il Boss" of 1973). Suddenly, she returns to normalcy, and the subsequent part of the film is not associated with the first half at all. After a while, it gets damn boring; All in all, it would probably have been better if this 99-minute movie was only 70 minutes long. In the end, they even want us to believe that the absurd story (if you can call it that) is based on true events. "Werewolf" has some redeeming qualities; my Italo horror fans can give it a try. But if you want to see an Italian seventies horror / exploitation movie theater, there are hundreds of movies you should see before you see it.
