I suppose the authors have never read a book of any kind, let alone a Dickens novel, and certainly not David Copperfield, and they've based their script on another poorly written script, possibly an adaptation of Copperfield, but probably something else as well of which they randomly discarded about one-third of the pages and then mixed the remainder, along with some random pages from a screenplay written by an eighth-grade nephew for an English class and for which he had received a bad grade. <br /> <br /> If the casting was a bad joke - for example, Richards as Kramer playing Micawber - what it was, then the badly delivered punchlines were the direction and the drama. If he went beyond Kramer as a Micawber, Ham was, if possible, such a complete ogre, a hunchback, and so on, that I half expected him to be followed by a furious bastard and a torch, pounding the villagers with a mob. Uriah was almost as clownish as Micawber. Mr. Murdstone called out as much horror as this Muppet vampire from Sesame Street. The actor who played the older David was, I think, actually a woman. In any case, he kept looking as if he wished he could find a mirror to see how pretty he looked, and he thought he looked pretty pretty, and he could barely convince us he was using a pen wrote. And while we seem to be between 18 and 21 years old in the unnecessary shots of David writing his story on this subject, in one of the many gross inaccuracies committed by half the joke makers of this embarrassment, when he should to be in his forties. Perhaps the biggest transgression, though difficult to choose, was the fabricated showdown between David and Murdstone when he courted a third woman in Switzerland who naturally preceded the fictional death of Murdstone's second wife. While they were there, it's a miracle that they did not send Heep to the guillotine and let him bring Sidney Carton's famous last words. It really could not have been worse. It could have been far better. There are literally thousands of small and large sins against literature in this miscarriage of art, and anyone watching them risks serious and permanent damage to all aspects of their sensibility.
