This film has absolutely no imagination in its premise and execution, but these are just two things that come to mind when you look at this so-called comedy, from which you have no energy. The story is fussy about the insurance analyst Reuben Feffer (Ben Stiller) cheating on his new wife Lisa (Debra Messing) with a diving instructor (Hank Azaria) after just one day on her honeymoon. On his return home, Reuben and his best friend Sandy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) go to a party and meet Polly Prince (Jennifer Aniston), who they went to school years ago. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Polly is forgetful and sloppy and lives carefree, which is the opposite of Reuben, but he starts over time and Reuben begins to change as a person while trying new things like salsa dancing and eating spicy food. But one day Lisa comes back and wants to stay married to Reuben, but he really does not want it, but Polly decides to leave because she does not believe in marriage. This film is the second director of John Hamburg, who has written two generally listless scripts in "Zoolander" and "Meet the Parents", but these two films seem like classics compared to this outdated piece Drivel. It's very easy to say that something is not funny, but I think with this movie it's even easier to understand why. This movie is completely predictable from start to finish, with each scene looking like it's just because of the ridiculousness of the script. Hamburg, who also wrote the script, seems to have written this without thinking of trying anything else, and sometimes he seems to be trying to create the same energy as "Mad about Mary." Instead, the events seem incredibly forced. Has anyone really thought that the blind ferret is funny? If you do, it's easy! A few times during the film, the characters inexplicably have these emotional speeches that are supposed to sum up, but all they achieve is the obvious. Stiller works a lot, but maybe he should work less and just wait for the better screenplays to come because this movie does not work as a comedy or romance.
