London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a frustratingly dumb movie about foolish people. It is a kind of film whose central conflict could be resolved immediately if the characters in question simply sit down and chat. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring pop artist obsessed with performing in front of a cheering crowd at London's Wembley Stadium. He becomes jealous of his loyal best friend and bandmate Manu, played by Salman Khan, who is obviously more talented than he, but not nearly as focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu if the latter's popularity threatens to surpass his own. Here could have helped a heart to heart. If Arjun had explained what that Wembley fixation meant to him, Manu would have mercifully withdrawn and made Arjun fulfill his childhood dream, and we would have been spared the torment of watching the rest of this uninspiring game. However, director Vipul Shah and his writers are not in the mood to do us a favor. London Dreams is full of unintentionally hilarious gems, such as the story of Arjun's grandfather, who committed suicide out of shame for getting stage fright at a packed Wembley concert. Or the ridiculous incident at a show where Manu has to take vocal responsibility after an explosion of confetti to practically silence Arjun. The stupidity does not end there. In his attempts to shame Manu publicly, Arjun uses his connections to drug Manu. A third groupie asks Manu to defeat some tequila shots with her, but replaces his salt with cocaine. Before you know it, Manu has the appetite for the addictive white powder and crushed it almost like a dinner. If that's not stupid enough, there's a rough scene later when Manu chases after the girl in question to find out who is taking orders from. The persecution ends in a dark London alley where the girl kneels and pretends to be the unpredictable to mislead Manu's friend, who secretly persecuted her. Wait, there is more! Expect to cry hysterically as Arjun tears off his belt and whips relentlessly to banish all thoughts of romance or greed towards the band's main dancer, Priya (played by Asin), because no one is allowed to distract him from his musical goals , Too generously inspired by Milos Forman's Amadeus to make a comparison with Rock On! Earning the last year, Vipul Shah's latest is a chunky melodrama that's as easy-going as it is script-driven. The film strives for broad humor, exaggerated emotions and essentially chooses loudness rather than subtlety. This works for Manu's character, with Salman Khan being anything but crazy and loveable, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan seems too passive with a mostly internalized performance. However, when Arjun reaches the boiling point, it leads to an unpleasant pre-liminal scene in which he provides for a crowded concert hall and, understandably, is thrown with plastic bottles. From the rest of the cast, I can not say a friendly word for Asin, who practically illuminated Ghajini with her exuberant charm, but disappointed here, with unnecessary over-functioning in an ungrateful role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, who were reduced to mere companions in the band, turn up at regular intervals, usually to say some crazy dialogues, like, "Let's rock the guy!" London Dreams is ultimately a boring clock because of its somber writing and sloppy direction. If you must, pay attention to Salman Khan, who has made the buffoon a good style. It's the only thing that will make you smile in this sad, sad movie.
