When this film was first shown on television, I had great hope that we would finally have a decent movie about the First World War that American soldiers experienced. Unfortunately, this is not the case. <br /> <br /> It should have been a good movie about the First World War. Although it was made for television, it is obvious that the use of suitable equipment and props was really sought. But the writing and the directing are missing, although the makers of this film obviously borrowed from some well-made war films. War clichés like the arrogant general, who apparently does not care about the lives of his men. When will Hollywood realize that although there have been many bad generals, most of the combat unit's generals themselves have seen many struggles and are not naïve as to what the average grunts make? The first part of this movie seemed to be "Paths of Glory" with American uniforms. Only that "Paths of Glory" was emotionally exciting. Later came Chamberlain's indictment (except uphill) of "Gettysburg" and even the capture of the American soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers from "The Thin Red Line". But in "The Thin Red Line," the soldier was alone when he was captured. In this film a ring forms around the new prisoner in the middle of a battle. <br /> <br /> If a military advisor was used in this movie, they ignored him. Although the actors (and I never forgot they were actors, if they were watching) formulated a military tactic, I did not see much of it. The American soldiers stood up to be shot while the Germans were being attacked. And the notorious stormtroopers, who seemed to be blind, did not seem to use tactics in their attack. In the real war were the tactics that made storm forces so effective. But the dumbest scene was the attack of German flamethrowers. In this scene, German flamethrower operators broadly targeted the defending Americans. If that had been true, they would never have come near to use their flamethrowers before they were all thrown off the defenders' bullets. <br /> <br /> Okay, so most war movies are unrealistic when it comes to the tactics shown. But it is still disappointing. What really made me repulsive about this film, however, was the typical anti-military stance against the war, which filmmakers consider important. War is hell. But most American soldiers, even if they grumble and complain, tend to believe in what they are doing and can get quite upset. My grandfather served in the First World War. And although he died four years before my birth, I was told how proud he was of his service.
