Films with children performers are on the back foot right from the start. Although there are some exceptions, the majority of children simply can not act and even those who usually get annoying after a few minutes. The kids in Paperhouse have managed to capture the worst of both worlds, as they are both very annoying and do not have much acting skills between them. Together sum up; They are garbage. This is not good, considering that they are the lead actor, and it is not particularly good considering that it is virtually impossible to take this movie seriously because of the garbage actors. It is a shame that this movie is such a great loss as the plot is not (not complete). It follows a young girl who wakes up after drawing a house in his notebook in the fantasy world he created. She quickly realizes that she can manipulate this world through her drawings, making various changes until her dream becomes a nightmare. Oh dear. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this plotline provides a good base for a good fantasy horror movie. However, it is squandered by a series of serious errors. First of all, although the premise is an excellent prerequisite for inventiveness; The movie is extremely old-fashioned. With the central action is hardly played, and the result is a boring experience. The lack of suspense is another serious flaw in the movie, as he considers it appropriate to drag each sequence to a point that you simply no longer care about (due to a lack of ideas). The film feels like a children's movie thanks to its main characters. This is to be expected, since it is the stars of the stars, but Bernard Rose should have decided the inclination, which he wanted to bring into the story; like the horror in the movie is ridiculous at best. The film is also very cheesy and the "romance" between the two main roles is extremely unpleasant and makes viewing very painful. If I had to summarize this travesty in one word, I would actually choose "painful". Paperhouse is poorly played, ridiculously plotted, overall very cheesy and boring. Save the pain, see something else.
