The Eternal Jew does not have what we would today call markings of a scientific document: rather than naming experts or sources to support what it says, it simply says, without resistance, what we should believe (One) I will admit that even the American news programs of that time were much less regulated than ethical to a modern audience, often incorporating dramatic scenes and output them as current news material. Add to this directed propaganda the fact that the filmmaker Hippler "preached to the converts" and asked not only gentile Europeans to hate the Jews, but to confirm the feelings that so many of them must have had to have admitted the following Holocaust. The weakest link in film logic is shown in his "Rat" analogy, which explains the behavior of rats and adds to the effect of "Well, Jewish people are like that". Similarly, it describes Jewish people as ugly by showing ugly Jewish people compared to attractive non-Jews; The associated leap in faith is that ugly is bad. The film seems to contradict itself a few times, for example, by attacking Western painters who portray Old Testament characters as fair-skinned Europeans; The text admits that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is indeed an integral part of Christian culture. It also shows ghetto Jews who willingly live in a monster-infested filth, despite the alleged treasure they hoarded, and then flip-flops, saying that the same unwanted people live in wealth and luxury immediately upon leaving the ghetto. By the way, who would not do that? The use of scenes from a well-known American movie, House of Rothschild, shows an equally hazy use of logic. First, the film is denounced as made by Jews; then it is obviously used by Hippler to check the deception of the Jews (the above-mentioned appearance of poverty by ghetto Jews, shown as a means to avoid taxes, though the Rothschild character is "spin" that Jews are over taxed ); Finally, the Rothschild movie re-runs because it suggests that the famous banking family invented the checking account. This apparent indecision as to whether the American footage is shown positively or negatively might be clearer on repeated consideration, but at first glance it makes a bit cloudy footage. For all the imperfections of the Eternal Jew, I was initially surprised that the IMDb viewer rating for this movie is as high as it is, barely below a "5". I would say that the reason is that the documentary value of EJ has exceeded its original purpose and inadvertently gives us an insight into the lives of European Jews, as they would not be seen in the next few years. It is needless to say that the film's evil viciousness also provides a historical insight into bad or evil filmmaking as an instrument of propaganda. Around that time, I should expect director Hippler to do another flip-flop and jump out to say, "I wanted to do that all the time!" The scenes depicting the slaughter of animals are particularly cruel and are extremely inhumane, contrary to the intent of the kosher law to prevent animal suffering. I want someone who has seen the movie and has some knowledge of these techniques to comment on whether the presentation is correct.
