La Chute de la Maison Usher, or the fall of the House of Usher, as it is known among the English spectators, begins with Allan (Charles Lamy) approaching the lock of his good friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt), giving him one Letter sent with the message that his wife Madeleine is ill. Once there, Allan Madeleine is very ill. Her husband Roderick was determined and almost obsessed with painting her portrait. When Roderick paints Madeleine, he almost grows weaker and weaker, as if the picture were to knock life out of her. Allan is trying to help his friend, but the tragedy will soon hit ... <br /> <br /> This French production was co-written. Produced and Directed: Jean Epstein & was the second of two 1938 movie The Fall of the House of Usher, but honestly, I do not know that the original novel was published in 1839. I mean, you're waiting 89 years for a movie and two at the same time! Anyway, I feel like I have a problem here, as I have read many positive comments about La Chute de la Maison Usher. Maybe I'm not the right person to comment on, but I have to say that it just did not do anything for me. I do not like it, obviously the first thing to say is that it is a silent movie and therefore relies on pictures. Still, I thought the story was weak, I thought the movie was boring and boring only took about an hour and it really did not do anything for me. La Chute de la Maison Usher was made almost 80 years ago and that's literally a lifetime. The world, cinema and taste have evolved a lot since then and I have not enjoyed this movie. I feel like this movie is badly dated and probably not that good anyway. I've never felt like one of the characters, I've never been interested in anything that happened, and I found it rather boring to sit through. I'm sorry if I insulted silent movie fans there. <br /> <br /> The director Epstein is doing a good job, many people are raving about the pictures in La Chute de la Maison Usher. Recordings of the people who moved and did not hear what they were saying seemed to me weird, I did not like the music and the version I saw kept the original French plug-in cards, those of a man with the most awful, fat ones French accent were told which was also repugnant. Based on the story of Edgar Allen Poe, I doubt that this is very similar, except for one or two basic elements. Stay with the fantastic Roger Corman House of Usher with Vincent Price. Technically, the film was OK, considering when it was made. You can not say anything about acting because nobody talks, even though the movie is filled with unnaturally exaggerated movements to try to suggest or reflect on emotions, what happens, which works to some extent, but after a while only a bit looks stupid. <br /> <La Chute de la Maison Usher will appeal to those who long for a past time, live in caves or are stuck in the past. For me, I like that my films have a story, do not bore me and have sound & I'm sorry if that sounded like an uneducated idiot with this last statement, but that's how I feel. The world has evolved since 1928 and for the better.
