Jean Seberg did not have an iota of acting talent. Like all her films, 'Bonjour's sadness' does not suffer from her appearance (though she may be the first of these modern women whom Tom Wolfe cheerfully refers to as 'boys with breasts'): publicists, of course, use the word. Gamine "), but suffers from Seberg's boring, monotonous, deadly voice In all of her films, Seberg, as he had to play rage, played with roughly audible, distracting, wheezing gasps between her monotonally threatened verbalizations Oy. <br /> <br /> Preminger's adaptation of Françoise Sagan's breathless youthful fantasy soap opera plot is notable for its lavish cinematography - but then it's difficult to spark on the photogenic Côte d'Azur, but certainly also for his talent. Not groundbreaking, black and white use for Today's scenes, from which Seberg's monotonous narrative brings us the glittering back-to-color past, Juliette Gréco has a brief moment as a nightclub chanteuse of black and white headlights, in smoky Dietrichesque voice, the gritty existentialist lyrics of the title song In retrospect, this moment is more than a small drug these days - unless, of course, if you are French - ins special, if you're a Frenchman who longs for the glory days of the barricades around the Sorbonne - and your kids do not opt ​​for the lifelong sinecures that have despised the French people Economy: Then you still believe in Sartre and Foucault and all those arcane, irrelevant theorists. David Niven has the most serious role to play with an eagerness for an aging hedonist who has not yet understood life. Everything about Sagan's teenybopper ideas of a hip, cool, swinging, "mon copain!" Father. Deborah Kerr exercises her familiar, consistently professional presence and convincingly plays the woman who unjustly suffers from Seberg's vicious juvenile snot-nose jealousy (Meets Sagan's flat teenage fantasy of the classic theme, "It can only be a queen beehive"; Kerr is indeed the only great and memorable moment on this screen. <br /> <br /> The dialogue is unnatural - I agree with a previous reviewer who said he sounds French as "poorly translated"; Combine the unnatural scripting with Seberg's incomparably boring, unbearable monotone, and you can save that Valium for another night. This is especially annoying on everything that is the mismatched synchronization after production after production almost everywhere: This is particularly true for the synchronization for Mylène Demongeot, because it spoils their otherwise very appealing, stupid performance br /> Hunky Geoffrey Horne picks up the short end of the cane - a very handsome young man who also suffered from a less than lovely, unobtrusive voice that, combined with Seberg's drone, does not produce convincing scenes of puppy love. (Horne was, say, in 'Bridge on the River Kwai' only appropriate, perhaps because its end was stopped by the great movie professionals William Holden and Jack Hawkins, instead of being supported by the unfortunate unsuccessful Seberg). <Br /> <br /> In sum, 'Bonjour tristesse' is pretty to look at, but it's a flat, immature soap: thin porridge with foam.
