It's obvious that the people who made 'Dead At The Box Office' love the horror of the B-movie. Obvious references to the genre are not even shared by unmistakable characters (the authority figure who does not believe that the monstrous invasion is actually taking place over Kevin Smith's style discussions), nor Duane Jones' final moments of "Night of the Living Dead." to repeat but twice. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it takes more than love to make a good movie. <br /> <br /> The staging and selection of shots are uninspiring and uninspired. While it is common practice in the film school to avoid "Mastershot Theater" telling the story completely in a large master recording, here we find the front page, as it is difficult in several sequences to establish the spatial relationships between the characters during the movie Tale of the story figure out a series of medium shots with no fixed shot to tie it together. The editing is drab and simple and sometimes there are un-motivated cuts. The lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, making the scenes in the darkened theater hard to see (was there any lighting or was it only recorded with available light?). Some shots are out of focus. The dialogue is banal and the performances mostly monotonous (Isaiah Robinson shows some energy and presence as Curtis, and the comrade who plays the projectionist has reasonably crude line reading, Michael Allen Williams as a theater manager and Casey Kirkpatrick as an avid film freak (Eric has some beautiful The premise is stupid, even for a B-horror movie (too bad that Dr. Eisner did not know Project Paperclip - he could have saved himself a lot of trouble!) The "zombies" are not threatening, and their makeup is not convincing (though the chunky zombie trying to get a chewing gum out of the machine smiles) There's very little blood or violence for a zombie fan movie, though what's there is pretty well handled. The random music is stylistically uneven, but sometimes pretty nice, and there are some good Foley effects, the Time Warp parody was fun, even though it was one of them make pictures less fun. Unfortunately, the looped dialogue sounds flat. Was this recording out of sync (doubtful, does it look like video through and through)? I looked at the special introduction by Lloyd Kaufman of Troma Films before the main movie - though essentially it was about Kaufman stuffing his own stuff and admitting that he had not seen the movie while someone had taken over a Toxie mask, his production and entertainment values ​​were higher than "Dead ..." himself (quickly set aside who put the DVD together - the film manager countdown only beeps on the Flash frame 2, not on each number plus another number afterwards) , The vampire movie theatergoers are seen early in "Dead ..." and looked much more entertaining. Avoid recommendation, unless you know someone who is involved in the production or is a passionate Lloyd Kaufman executor (he plays "Kaufman the Minion" in the movie within a movie). <br /> <br /> (Full disclosure: My girlfriend is an extra in this movie, I swear, that did not color my review.)
