In response to earlier comments by residents of the area where the film was shot, one person suggested that the closure and destruction of the Ocean View Amusement Park had resulted in a downturn in the surrounding neighborhoods. That's just not true. Prior to the construction of Interstate 64, which bypasses the Ocean View area, the main traffic route passed through the heart of Ocean View. With the completion of the highway, Ocean View quickly became a ghost town, closing shops and increasing crime. This led to a huge decline in sales for the park, which was also in the vicinity of Busch Gardens in Williamsburg exposed to new competition. In recent years, the city of Norfolk has done a remarkable job in promoting development, making the area a sought after location for the construction of high-end homes. <br /> <br /> That's it too It was said that the roller coaster's destruction material was used in the movie "Rollercoaster". This is also wrong. The footage was filmed by two rollercoaster cars that were traveling for this movie, but the actual explosions and collapse are exclusive to "Death of Ocean View Park." The "supernatural" power in the water next to the park was certainly stupid, but somewhat typical of B-movies of the time. With the cast, it should come as no surprise that the scenery in almost every scene was gagged by the main cast. I do not think this movie should be another "Citizen Kane"; I think the Playboy experimented with a new, not-nude format to see if this was an area that the company could expand into (apparently not!). A strange force in the water, which caused strange events in an old amusement park, sounded probably good at the conference table, but could not be mastered in its execution. The rollercoaster and the rest of the park were destined for the demolition ball anyway; "Let's find a weird way to justify an explosive demise!". <br /> <br /> For the occasional film viewer, this would be a movie "See and Forget" (except Diana Canova fans). ; But for the thousands of people who live in the area and have fond memories of the park, this movie is like a "walk through memory" for taking pictures of the park as well as old shots of Downtown Norfolk, the first "harborfest". and Old Dominion University. Even a limited release of this film on DVD would be welcome.
