An innocent man (Steve Guttenberg) has a one-night stand with his boss's wife (Isabelle Huppert). She discovers a woman (Elizabeth McGovern) being attacked outside, but she can not call the cops for ruining her marriage to Gutenberg's boss (Paul Shenar). Guttenberg, an honest citizen, is he when he discovers that another woman was attacked and killed nearby only half an hour later. He claims that he witnessed the first attack and had only intended to pass on the information transmitted by Huppert. Well, never give a false testimony against your neighbor, as they say. <br /> <br /> This simple attempt to help the police catch a killer is quickly twisted. When he meets the first close victim, McGovern, she immediately resorts to what happened, but agrees to remain silent for the moment. But then Guttenberg finds himself in court to identify the serious (Greenquist), and we see through cross-examination that he is LOCAL and can not recognize objects from afar, let alone faces. (Not that it matters, because he has not seen the creep at all.) The conspiracy becomes practically labyrinthine. Guttenberg makes the main suspect, as well as Huppert is murdered. He barely escapes arrest and lies with the now sympathetic McGovern. Guttenberg and McGovern are planning a plan to catch the killer. She will serve as bait. They'll follow the elusive crawl in one of his dirty tricks, and McGovern will look like the fool the killer is attracted to, just to make him kill her. But everything will be alright, because Guttenberg will not only watch them attentively, but also alert the police a few minutes after their dive. She'll also have a can of maces handy - just a case. <br /> <br /> I ask you, the alert viewer, if this scenario unfolds as planned? Elizabeth McGovern has a strangely interesting bone structure. She sometimes looks quite like jaw and tiny mouth, but she is alive. Steve Guttenberg has hair in his pussy and that's about it. Otherwise, he is just as helpless as the character he plays. If Isabelle Huppert can act, this is not apparent in this film. The killer is so sculpted and so groomed that he looks like he's wearing one of those deformity masks in this Twilight Zone episode about greedy heirs. <br /> <br /> Has the director, Curtis Hanson, stopped doing "LA Confidential"? That was a nice job. Here everything seems awkward and thoughtful, except for the small parts. Shortly before the inevitable violent climax, a uniformed police officer is deployed to delay the rescue of McGovern, and the scene is embarrassing when watched. Dick Olsen has a role as a late buyer. He is a nice guy and always reliable. Paul Shenar, as cuckolded Hubby, has a flashy face that seems made for the stage, and he also does a good job. This louche joint, where McGovern attracts the killer's attention where she plays with a pool of hairy monkeys, was in a bar in Carolina Beach, North Carolina, not far from where I live removed, shot. When setting up the interior it is clear that this should be a dangerous and dirty dive. In fact, it looks more elegant on screen than in reality. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is the territory of Hitchcock and brings tears to your eyes to imagine what he would have done with this story.
