It is often said that Tobe Hooper was fortunate with his terrible 1974 horror movie "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre". And every time I see another Hooper movie, that view only gets stronger. It seems that in 1990 Hooper wanted to make his own version of films like Scanners and Firestarter, and so we end up with Spontaneous Combustion; a movie with some good ideas and a whole lot more borrowed from other films. If you put it all together, you'll get a messy, boring movie that most people would miss! The film makes the audience believe it might be decent at first, with a fascinating backstory that focuses on a few experiments conducted on two young people in the 1950s. The couple has a child and burns shortly thereafter as a result of the experiments carried out on him. Fast forward several years and the baby is now an adult named Sam. But of course, he's not a normal person and quickly finds out he has the ability to set things on fire at will. The movie star Brad Dourif, who has seemed like a good casting choice, has had his success with Child's Play two years ago; But actually, it was an uninspired decision, because the central power is really terrible. and not helped by the terrible supportive services. The strict direction and stupid script also do not do the film much favor, and the trend of lack of favors continues through the special effects, which are very unrealistic and have nothing to do with the films from which this film breaks off. All were made a few years earlier. The plot is really slow and it takes almost an hour for anything to happen, and I was not even interested in it then. It quickly becomes clear which direction the movie will go, and it all boils down to a boring ending that one would expect. The final confrontation is a big disappointment and nothing really gets explained in the movie. Not that a revelation would have been interesting anyway. All in all, this is a garbage movie and another reason why Tobe Hooper is far from being a big horror movie. Instead, see Firestarter again.
