Bizarre Tobe Hooper Exercise on an unfortunate young man (Brad Dourif) with the ability to set people on fire. This ability comes from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 1950s. They are dying from spontaneous human burning, and it seems that what Sam starts suffering from these pills is given to him by his friend Lisa (Cynthia Bain) for harsh migraines. In fact, Lisa was told by Lew Orlander (William Prince) to get Sam to take the pills, much like the father of the young man who raised him from a child. Lew has benevolent plans ... he sees Sam as the first "Atomic Man," a pure killing machine in human form. Sam never wanted that and will do anything to silence those responsible for his condition. During the movie, Sam's blood becomes slowly poisonous, green instead of red. It seems that water and other substances that often extinguish fire are just the opposite when Sam's uncontrollable flame outbursts ignite. Come to find out, Lisa has Sam's condition, whose parents also die from SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), someone Sam has known for some time as a doctor, is to introduce toxic green liquid into her body. I suspect he's increasing their flame level. Nina (Melinda Dillon, with an accent that fades in and out) was a friend of Sam's parents and collaborator in the experiments in the 1950s, trying to talk to him about what's going on. And Rachel (Dey Young) is Sam's ex-wife, who works against her former husband with Lew and Marsh to hurt him and Lisa Flame effects. Dourif tries to give his character a tragic element and intensity, whose misery we continue to observe as his body slowly becomes toxic waste, with the fire often igniting from its openings. There's a big hole in his arm that spits out flames like a volcano and a massive burn in his hand that keeps getting bigger with time. The best scene is probably director John Landis, who portrays a rude electrical engineer trying to tell Sam to hang up because the radio program he's calling is a SHC fate. The streak never works properly because it's so wild that there's an abrupt, ridiculous finale in which Sam offers Lisa to free her from her fire.
