The title alone (along with the poster) is enough to award "The Projected Man" as an obvious rip-off of "The Fly". And while Bryant Haliday is much better than the typical IMDb rating, he may think that nobody is an acceptable substitute for Vincent Price. But considering who would that be if Micheal Gough were not available? However, if you're in the mood to watch a British "Hammer" movie with a sci-fi theme about a teleportation experiment that went terribly wrong ... Well, maybe you still want to give "The Projected Man" a passport and rummage in the 'rest' filing at your local Wal-Mart for another teleporter accident movie. Because this one is just not that good. <br /> <br /> Haliday got a lot of good-natured ribbing from the MST3K crew for his role in this movie and Devil Doll, but he's actually the best in TPM. Maybe he can not wear the movie, but he gets virtually no help from the script here. The script shuts down any forward momentum that the conspiracy has in a swamp of nonsense on funding and university politics and a guy named Lembach and some weird cabal who wants to bring the teleportation apparatus to failure so they can steal its secrets. All dramatic sequences in the first half of the film include either phone calls or unconvincing special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleportation of rats. Then, when poor Haliday is maimed by his machine, he has to spend the last part of the movie electrocuting a diaper over his half face and a rubber cement while electrocuting various Londoners who cross his path. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts using megaphones could not have done this script. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, all the other actors are busy trying to bring life and interest into their roles for this little project, but the script only consumes their efforts as a whole. The corrupt project administrator gets angry and smokes and hisses on the phone of his blackmailer. He does not realize he looks like a werewolf dressed in a tweed suit and Tattersall waistcoat. Haliday's research assistant and ex-girlfriend have the least convincing romance in the history of British horror cinema. His secretary is forced to move around in her "smalls". None of this really works or becomes a real movie. And it just stops being dead and makes the viewer go: "Um, excuse me, should not there have been an ENDING here?" <br /> <br /> Despite all the problems, I can easily name a dozen horror films from the same era that were just as bad or worse, and anyone else watching movies (or ever searching the IMDb "Bottom 100") to have). I would not actually pay for Projected Man, but if it was included in a compilation with a dozen other films in a DVD collection, I would probably feel I had it. It's a harmless change, perfect for a horror movie film festival that you can watch with friends as you sip lots of beers and snacks on a Saturday night.
