Professor Paul Steiner researches in the area of ​​matter transfer. He has developed a machine that allows him to make an object like a watch or a rodent disappear just to re-materialize the object in another place. But there are those in his research organization who dislike or approve of his experiments and do everything possible to see that he does not succeed. After a failed demonstration that may have saved his funding, Professor Steiner decides to test his machine on himself. As expected, things go terribly wrong and he turns into a terribly frightened madman whose mere touch will kill. <br /> <br /> In hindsight it might not have been a good idea to see The Projected Man again. The same week saw The Fly, Return of the Fly and the Fly's Curse. There just seems to be so many films about the transmission of matter and the potentially terrible effects on the human body that a person should endure within three to four days. I'm not sure what those in charge of the film are as starting material for The Projected Man, but much of it is so similar to Fly's that it's no coincidence. The Projected Man, however, is not nearly as good as the worst of the Fly trilogy. <br /> <br /> Apart from the fact that The Projected Man is terribly unoriginal, there are some other problems that really hurt the movie experience. A big topic I have is with Bryant Haliday at the top. He's such an ass that I do not just care about his suffering, but I'm like that too. Casting members Mary Peach and Ronald Allen are almost as bad. They are so bland and boring that they hardly matter. In fact, the sight of The Projected Man gives little excitement. The soundtrack ?? not very memorable. The Appearance "I would call much of it" muddy. "The storyline predictable. The action does not exist. Overall, this is a matter to avoid. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, I have The Projected Considered to be a copy of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 series - Funny stuff! Though not absolute, very often, the worse the movie The better the MST3K riffs The guys have scored almost all of their scores with The Projected Man Excite it on my MST3K rating scale with 4/5.
