Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and her alleged new adventures, having just moved to LA for work (footballer-husband David is now a Galaxy LA player after moving from Real Madrid), were originally a full series, but were thankfully on just a cut hour or so. But even in this form, it is still anaesthetically endless. <br /> <br /> Like virtually all reality TV shows, most of the incident is bluntly counterfeited, with the program itself only admitting it. Posh's newly appointed personal assistant is an actress. A Ugly Betty resemblance, we hear early a few paralyzing written and banter (with an obvious joke about Beck's obvious dichotomy with a previous and more glamorous PA Rebecca Loos, though her name is not mentioned) with further sequences that one include a false blow-up doll to outsmart the paparazzi, and hopeless attempts to throw a baseball. <br /> <br /> It could have been more fun if everyone realized that it was a piece of lint and had an act. The talented impressionist Ronni Ancona would be perfect and better able to be Posh than Posh himself. If that more sensible Decision would have been made, this would be much more fun and enjoyable. We're here with the real thing (Ms. Ancona may have rejected the script as too weak anyway), and though there are strange scattered attempts at self-irony and irony, it never works in advance, given the previous information on the considerable wealth of La Beckham her inability to make jokes, despite the intention of spreading her image, makes Ms. Beckham a shallow egotist, and her weak one-liners are not persuasive of her humorous self-awareness. I suspect that if a more realistic approach had been followed to fly on the wall, Posh, who walked down every street in LA and was completely ignored (instead of the hectic, staged scenes of mild hysteria shown here) and his co-workers Jibes over th The previously mentioned Ms. Loos would have slightly improved the television, but since it is a Sycophantic PR material, the bony person would never allow such events. <br /> <br /> After this was said, the later scenes were the ones she was in. In the baseball stadium, where she was indifferent to an uninterested audience show, it was a difficult show if she wanted to grow up in Hollywood , Her colleague Scary Spice (aka Mel Brown) also found it impossible Make it big in the movie capital despite her affair (which did not happen) with the big name Eddie Murphy. The Spice Girls were, of course, a very successful bubblegum pop group in the mid-1990s, even more. In their home country, Great Britain, they were still popular in other countries, including the United States. They certainly had a lot of fun at their peak (1997), when Britain, with Cool Britannia and a New Labor government, seemed to be a glorious phase of optimism as the spice maidens seem to sum up better than anyone else at the time, even if in some ways Way was made. But they were never outstanding musical or singing talents, and UK optimism seemed to dwindle rapidly in the same year (the starting point was probably the tragic death of Princess) Diana), as well as The Spices' own. Their presence in the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious, and if they had all quietly gone public to enjoy their fortune, we would all have pleasant memories, coded without guilt in our heads. Unfortunately, the emergence of the hideous "celebrity" culture in the UK at the beginning of the millennium has paid off these notions, and we all have thousands if not millions of stories about the Spices being there, Posh being the worst offender, and the rest of theirs Colleagues are not too far behind. It has recently been announced that there will soon be a reunion tour that is confusing as they have never left. You certainly do not need any additional extensions to their swelling bank accounts. Maybe it's because two of them are single mothers, maybe? <br /> <br /> Well, it's time for Beck's adventure on a revelation documentary. I can not wait ............. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 out of 10.
