I tend to love everything the great late Paul Naschy (R.I.P.) has ever had. Although not all films are great with Naschy, they all have a special charm that can only be found in Naschy flicks and is always entertaining. However, there is no rule like "El Mariscal del Infierno". "The Devil's Possessed" (1974) proves. While the film has the specific Naschy Flick charm, unfortunately it draws way too much and gets really boring. Naschy plays the evil baron Gilles De Lancré, who oppresses people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. As Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought side by side with Gilles De Lancré against the British, learns of the bad behavior of the Baron, he decides to turn against his former comrade in the arms and help people to free him from the tyranny of the satanic baron ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Leon Klimovsky, director for Naschy in "La Noche De Walpurgis" ("The Werewolf Against the Vampire Woman", 1971) Naschy often made his own films, and it must be said that most of the time he did a better, more original job than is the case here. "El Mariscal del Infierno" is more of a historical adventure than a horror movie and gets pretty boring in the middle. It often resembles the Sword and sandal films of the 50s, except that this film plays in the Middle Ages. The satanic part was probably only added because the name of the great Paul Naschy is related to the genre horror. The film has its good sides: Paul Naschy makes strange speeches, Paul Naschy looks funny, Paul Naschy makes satanic stuff, Paul Naschy tortures innocent victims, etc. But unfortunately, the film focuses mainly on the boring hero and the good and those moments are boring. The female actors are beautiful to look at, but unlike most Naschy films, this film has no nudity and sloppiness. There's a bit of gore, but it usually looks awkward and not as enjoyable as most other Naschy films do. Overall, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is worth a look only for my Naschy friends. There are dozens of films with the Spanish horror deity that should be seen before this one, like "El Jorobado De La Morgue" (1973), "La Orgia De Los Muertos" ("The Hanging") Woman ", 1973), "El Espanto Surge De La Tumba" (1973), "Latidos De Panico" ("Panic Beats", 1983), "Rojo Sangre" (2004) or any of the Werewolf films "Waldemar Daninsky" CALM IN PEACE Paul Naschy Legends never die!
