It's pretty clear that the director and the production teams wanted to paint a little flattering picture of the Palestinian woman and her family. The film and its website show that Ayat has a secret reason to blow herself and Rachel - a friend problem - maybe a pregnancy. In a nutshell, the fact that Ayat himself had just seen the death of a close friend by the Israelis - right in front of their house. Geez, why on earth would a young, pretty, smart girl with college plans do that? Could it be that the hormonal, emotional teenager was traumatized when he saw someone she loved die before her eyes? This detail deserves every 5 seconds in the movie. Another detail that was summed up was that Avigail Levy, Rachel's mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building where the Akhras family lived (along with 22 other families). One clearly has the impression that she offers this as a "concession" - should Mrs. Akhras agree to speak with her. "Why should I?" She says. (Since the movie was made, the house has been destroyed - apparently the interview did not do what it wanted - so bring the bulldozers) with the hope of a chance to overcome the entrenched hatred "- instead she uses Ayat's mother As an excuse, as he dangles the house like a carrot, beyond that, the two women live just four miles apart, realities of occupation for their Palestinian neighbors, that she really thinks Mrs. Akhras can only come over for a cup of coffee? she lives. (The Akras family was originally from Jaffa, but now lives in a refugee camp, only 4 miles from the place where the Levys live in equal luxury.) Any sympathy I have for the obviously good work of Ms. Levy In contrast, Ayats mother is kind, honest and loving, despite the best The efforts of the post-production crew to paint her and her family as monsters. Heck, even the music and sound design was one-sided - I think the muezzin sings 4 miles every day from the house of the Levy family, always in a contrasting tone of juicy new-age music that rates this shabby excuse for a documentary. There is also the small matter of translations - Mrs. Levy DIRECTLY addresses the camera in English if she has said something in advance, Hebrew, if she does not say so. Mrs. Akhras spoke only Arabic, which sometimes got a TRANSLATION, sometimes TRANSLATION, always awkward and very suspicious for a supposedly objective film. They also "sweated" under the lights, while Mrs. Levy sat in (air-conditioned) comfort for Mrs. Akhras's segments as well. I gave him a 2 because I liked Ayat's mother and father, who seemed like good decent people. Pity about HBO, producer and director, for the release of such a stink bomb.
