Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? When we are introduced to the world of its 1901 city dwellers of America, this three-act play is opened with the help of "The Stage Manager," a visual narrator, if you wish. After his first performances we are led into the houses of two special families; The Webb's and Gibb's. <br /> <br /> This is definitely the mid-century America and the progressive lifestyle of the American Dream and its saccharine undertones that may seem a bit biased in this dream city, village. Here we see the daily lives of some of its 2642 residents from Grover's Corners, New Hampshire, even though there are Polish migrant workers increasing the number of 500 so they never look to the future. > <br /> Once the everyday life of these families has been introduced; Cooking wives, working children, working fathers, children in love, and the clean-striped fences are painted white. The second act begins three years later, after the young George (a young and unrecognizable William Holden, then 22) and Emily have fallen in love and want to marry. Blooming birds that reach for the stars and also reach a turning point in their own lives, out of the nest that they have lived, and now into the fears and sufferings of young adulthood, they enter nervously. The third act is a bit sour and foresighted. In this act, the intentions of the films become obvious, here we do not see life, not celebration, but death, and in this plight the dead die when they return and reconcile their own lives in the past, here to us to remind ourselves that life and every last minute of every precious breath should not be wasted and squandered. <br /> <br /> It is in this last third that the film's own political attitude also seems to be more obvious, as it makes us feel more like a propaganda stunt in relation to moral lectures and through Central America and how They determine their home and how they should arrange it. This is not just about "our" city, but a moral diction that targets "our" souls and how America can improve itself if its peoples "(except the Poles, the Irish, the Native Americans and the liberated ethnic minorities "). and minorities in general, as well as the backbone of the Americans, who still have no fair share in the story, such as the middle classes, can live up to the expectations of the American dream through honest, decent living. The suppliers of the American dream only with special invitation. <br /> <br /> I was also entertained by this movie a bit, but I felt that his narrative had a stronger impact than anything else involved in dull acting, the music, or how good or not, was taken. This was the intention of the films to exclude other groups, and to include only the genres of Webb and Gibb, a good movie in the future of the developing US, but also a little biased in its attitude, I thought. <br /> <br /> Won from the theatrical piece of US-born Thornton Wilder (1897-1975), this Pulitzer Prize-winning piece and the six-Oscar-winning film was the focal point of the eternal movement of life and its three main attributes; Life, love and death, the translation of plays on celluloid seems to be right next to the social consciousness. Our city begins with an apparent lesson in futility, as in other cities, nothing exciting happens here. If anything, this city has only the "right people", you still can not keep your back door locked. We see the evolving lives of these two families, but their moral and social attitudes are more important than themselves. Our city may have been "Any Town "only if you came from the right part of town.
