I bought Time Changer because it looked like a nice low budget travel movie and I felt like doing it. The description says it had something to do with biblical stuff and time travel, but I did not expect a fundamentalist Christian movie! <br /> <br /> The film had decent special effects and an interesting premise that could have gone to places was much more interesting than it was in the end. Our hero, a Bible professor from the 1890s, eventually travels to the 2000s and finds that modern life is filled with the influences of evil - Jesus is nowhere to be found. This wonderful technological achievement is accomplished with the help of a fellow Bible teacher who has somehow managed to develop a functional time machine in HG Wells style. The film loses credibility at this point, which is unfortunate as it happens very early in the movie. Earlier (or perhaps immediately later, one can not remember for certain) it was seen how our heroic professor taught a seemingly scientific lesson in which he claimed that scientific evidence could only be valid if it matched what the Bible says. It should be clear to everybody that this is clearly not the question of the scientific method, but the presentation is presented in a way that makes the filmmakers seem to favor the view that science is useful only if it supports their claims and is otherwise not useful. <br /> <br /> In any case, this belief is perfectly valid and meaningful in the context of character at this time. If we accept that as the fact of life for these Bible professors, then the professor who invented the time machine is obviously not a very strong believer, since I do not believe that there is any evidence (and none were offered) of the physics of the Time travel in the Bible. So there's an immediate problem with mixed messages and credibility, but no matter ... <br /> <br /> After the professor is convinced he's ready to take the leap into the future, the shock of modern technology has been good in most cases copes with cases. It was also fun not to have set it to an exact year (as the character reads the date of a newspaper in front of him, a car honks a horn and it scares him not to finish the date.) It's only two thousand. * honk *). However, part of the shock lasted a little too long. For example, the car was one of the first things he had encountered when he arrived, and two days later he was invited to a church movie and took a ride in a van. He pokes his head out of the window like a dog, is afraid of the headlights and the starting engine etc. That seemed a bit outlandish since he had been there for some days at this point and the city seemed quite busy the traffic. This is definitely easy to ignore. The rest of the tech shock was well done - especially his first encounter with the TV, which was delayed because he did not even know what it was until he saw a kid who saw one and used a remote. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, our hero begins almost everyone he meets, as if he were an authority on all life and religion just because he's from the past and an elder. Finally, he gets a brief moment in the spotlight in the church he visited, explaining the concept of Christianity to them in a long monologue that was meant to be moving and enlightening, but more or less the same in most cases. A few husbands in the church start to get a weird feeling about this guy (go to the picture) and examine his name. They eventually conclude that he is either a time traveler or incarnate this long-dead Bible professor and decides to find out what it is. The film framed these guys as incredulous bad guys for skeptical. <br /> <br /> Just before the professor returns at his own time, he is confronted with these two men. To avoid being arrested or taken away, he eventually breaks into an almost insane song about Jesus coming soon and being a prophet so they should listen to him. In time, he flew away and one of the husbands wondered if this was the rapture he had heard so much about. The irony is that this essentially means that the professor was self-proclaimed (and most likely wrong) prophet who claims to know that the rapture was near and he was sent by God when he was truly sent by his fellow Bible professor and none of God had given knowledge (that was stated or even implied). <If I understand it, Revelation asserts that the time of the end is only for God, and at the end of the film we see the inventor-professor trying (and failing) to send a bible into the future. First 2080, then 2070, and so on, when the scene disappears. He clearly tries to determine the exact date of the end times - which he should not know! In essence, the film's premise is self-evident, because adhering to its religious beliefs and the fact that certain things are known only to God means that it could not be a time machine at all, because then Humanity doing this, find out something that only God should know! The premise of the entire film breaks down and basically makes it worthless as it undermines its own credibility in the end.
