One of the more "educated" Lone Stars, with time for character development and interaction, dialogue and acting business. The opening scene forms (literally) the stage for the personalities of the player Kansas Charlie (Eddy Chandler) and his buddy John Scott (John Wayne), the rodeo star (say Raw Day-oh), both of whom are a bit faintly cool. The film follows their adventures as they try to bribe themselves in search of Mexican Juanita, and later in their search for the sprightly Mary Kornman, who has the inevitable bad brother (though he was misled by the real villain. and want to repent). And, of course, they are falsely charged with two crimes and have to serve prison sentences before escaping and finally being relieved. <br /> <br /> The highlight is that Scott is constantly and intentionally cheating on Mary's butt to beat her grocery store and the ladder she stands on so he can catch and pack her if she falls. For a 30's western, it all seems a bit contemporary, but sounds better than it actually is. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately the exciting action elements that we find in many other Lone Stars are missing here. No Yakima Canutt. Favorable and bad use of bearing shots of riders falling off horses. No George Hayes. A boring stooge-style bi-play game between Scott and Charlie, in which Charlie swings into Scott, Scott stamps on his foot and then beats him (repeated twice!). The experienced Paul Fix is ​​not used. Eddy Chandler himself, here in his big star round, is not really to be believed as a horny side kick. The villain looks too old and fat. Chandler, who spent his later career in 300 other films as unclothed meatloaf. Mary Kornman from the 1920s "Our Gang" (see 'Mary, Queen of Tots' 1925) is cute in her scenes with John Wayne, but that's about it. Here are seeds of a better Western lie buried. <br /> <br /> P.S. The ultrashort colored version, which looks good, moves so fast that it is over when you blink more than once. Fortunately, the embarrassing scenes were cut with Eddy Chandler.
