When Marlene Dietrich was described in 1938 as one of the few actresses so-called "box office poison" by the professional magazines, these were films like "The Garden Of Allah". How a movie can be so breathtakingly beautiful and boring is not mine. Also like Marlene, if she tried to expand her assortment and not play a sexpot, stuck with such an old-fashioned story is a mystery to me. <br /> <br /> The Garden Of Allah, one of the first films in modern technicolor, was a turn-of-the-century novel by Robert Hitchens, who then worked on a game adaptation with Mary Anderson, the 1911-12 for 241 Performances ran. Then two silent screen adjustments were made. The story is about a monk who runs away from the monastery in French Tunisia to see what he misses in the world. He meets a similarly protected woman who was unmarried and spent her early years caring for a sick parent. She now travels to the desert and the two meet in a train. <br /> <br /> The woman is of course Marlene and the fallen monk is Charles Boyer. I am not sure what David O. Selznick had in mind when filming this story. Someone like Ingrid Bergman would have made it palatable to the audience. But one can bet that in 1936, when they were planning their ticket to a ticket, they expected to see Marlene as a modern Salome instead of a saint with that title. The public still remembered Rudolph Valentino and you can bet it was the desert romance and seduction that awaited them. <br /> <br /> As far as the monks are concerned, one must bear in mind that they wear themselves in their monasteries and in this particular area one fills in a special wine, of which Boyer is the one who has the secret. The monastery must reconsider its economy when Boyer leaves. The monks are a truly religious group, but from the leader Charles Waldron they have the right to be a bit self-interested. In any case, a lot of religious platitudes are said here through a pair of wires that really are not suitable for the pieces. Especially Marlene Dietrich. I would watch this movie with an eye for the special color desert camera and forget the plot.
