Cassavetes was clearly an intelligent, sensitive man with bold new ideas for making films. He wanted to be an author, to break away from the limits of the system and bring a new realism to American cinema. I welcome him for that. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of the public, I can not applaud A Woman Under the Influence. Cassavetes took a possibly fascinating theme (a crazy woman) and somehow managed to create a boring film filled with lengthy, adlib scene and boring scenes. He seems to have had a gift for capturing the most boring moments in a person's life in the film, and it often seems like he's just turning the camera on his family and running the engine. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes had captured something devastatingly REAL - or even a kernel of something so real that it touches the heart like a conventional movie could not. However, the performances, especially Rowlands, I found artificial. I never thought for a moment that she was really crazy. I met people who are really mentally disturbed. Even so, I have never seen anyone behaving Gena Rowlands in A Woman Influence. She played it like a very vile, unrestrained woman who drinks a lot, and even that was confusing because we only see her drink once (at the beginning), but she's drunk for the rest of the movie. There are a few moments when she taps something real, but those moments are few and far between. It can not sustain a seamlessly mentally disturbed character. Again, I welcome their efforts, but the effort alone is not enough to make the performance come true. <br /> <br /> Beginners who come across this movie and see the high IMDb rating will undoubtedly force themselves to love it. Rate it up just to prove they understand it. But do not be brainwashed by the hype - judge for yourself. You do not have to pretend you like it. <br /> <br /> Like Woody Allen, in his film John Cassavetes could be accused of solipsism, who seems to find his own psyche and his own life experiences so intriguing that he could not imagine them for others intrusive and torturously indulgent. But Woody Allen has at least presented a gift to entertain an audience - he knows that a captivating structure and a good sense of humor are essential to any movie. If Cassavetes had used some self-discipline (and a sharp cutting shear!), A Woman Under the Influence would have had a chance. But what's the point of making a "realistic" movie when the only people who can stand through are the Kunsthaus's followers and film students who worship Cassavetes as a sort of anti-establishment deity? Without mumbling something, I think, Cassavetes A Woman could have made something more accessible by keeping up with an actual plot rather than presenting a series of 30-minute scenes with adulterated arguments. If you only make films for yourself and some of your fans, you will only reach converts. Watch this movie with your own eyes and make your own decisions. If you are really moved and fascinated, then it is good for you.
