From the actor and independent author / director John Cassavetes, A Woman Under the Influence gives the viewer an insight into a working-class family with a problem of mental instability. Husband Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a worker who has difficulty getting the attention it deserves for his wife Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands). From the beginning of the movie, it is obvious that Mabel is very strange and strange, but only a few minutes later it is clear that she is much more. Insane. Bonkers Out of her damn mind. Nick tries his best to hide this from his colleagues, and after having a particularly strange incident at dinner, he asks her if she's okay, as if to deny Mabel's illness. Your problem only spirals from there. <br /> <br /> I found some special issues with this movie. I think these issues were mostly in the story and the way some of the characters acted towards the end. Mabel was committed because, frankly, she is crazy. Then, six months later, she is ready to come out of the hospital, and her husband arranges a party to greet her again. At the beginning of the film he never looks stupid. Why would he invite all these people, some of whom were strangers, to Mabel's house when his wife is in such a fragile state? It's just idiotic. Later, after Mabel enters the house, Mabel's dad has a violent outburst when he spits Nick out because he is unable to eat spaghetti. His daughter just returned after six months of rehabilitation, and you want to stay calm, and he's crazy about spaghetti? A few minutes later, Nick brings Mabel to the stairwell, forcing her to do the things she did when she was mentally unstable; Make strange noises and gestures. Did not he send her there to make her better and not to do those things? After that, there were several other parts, but it would be superfluous to take a closer look. I think I just had a serious problem with Cassavetes' decision that his characters act that way. It just did not make sense. <br /> <br /> Although I had problems with the end of the film, there was one aspect that really solved it. the acting. Gena Rowlands played an amazing crazy woman. There were times when I forgot she was an actress, and I became so involved in her wild gestures and crazy conversations that I was actually scared of her. She was incredibly convincing and intense. But the rest of Mabel's family impressed me as well. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought that he was crazy himself, because he was awkward with his children, his job and especially the situation with his wife. I also do not value kid actors. The young people who played the children of Nick and Mabel in this film were phenomenal. It really felt like they were Mabel's children because they loved her so much and it was so interesting to help her with her problem. I think their performances are one of the things that kept this movie together, and without them, the movie would have become less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> In general, I was not impressed with this movie. The story was confused and unclear, and the characters behaved in such a way that I wondered who was not crazy in the movie. The only saving grace were brilliant lead roles of the Longhetti family. Their realistic dialogue and powerful acting kept the film together and are probably the only reason the film ever achieved anything.
