Should "Balderdash!" In the film is little true, except the name of the island and the fact that submarines were involved. Not much more than to stereotype the quality of training films with bad camerawork, muddy footage and perhaps the low point, "japs" with laughing Japanese infantry, laughing Japanese fighter pilots and one-dimensional, rectangular Americans dying left and right. Sixty years later, it is unintentionally humorous as a strange artifact and an opportunity to see what is possible when the war fever comes from you. The storyline and the dialogue remind me to play rifles on a summer afternoon in my childhood, to peer through the neighbor's hedge and to score a mortal advantage over my best friend Steve and my little brother. In fact, the attack on Makin Island had almost completely failed when Carlson and his men walked about in the dark and exchanged gunfire with shadows, until they were thirsty and utterly disoriented, looking for someone to vomit before heading for confused Japanese soldiers who promptly surrendered! In retreat, several Marson Marines landed on another island and were abandoned! Of course, the film could not tell this story, not in 1943, so this piece of humor was fabricated and brought to drums for release. With Randolph Scott and his jaw, when Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) led a unit, he consisted almost entirely of camp cartoons, the Green Recruit (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), the Worn Veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene). , the country-Bumpkin (Rod Cameron), the All-American boy (Alan Curtis) and a lot of mocking (if they did not laugh) 'Japs'. And yet the cast almost overcomes the material. Nearly. Randolph Scott's low range goes well with his role as a serious commander. He is supported by a solid group of professionals who do their best with thin porridge. In the end, the one-note object wins the exercise. Any pretext is completely abandoned when closing, as Randy Scott just looks straight into the camera and calls a rousing (well sorting) call to the arms. The cast was better than this material. That was the audience. Should be considered at moderate prices with Reefer Madness and a bottle of Merlot.
