DVD is the equivalent of the old late-night double-bill circuit, the last chance to see old movies on the verge of forgetting like The Border. That had great expectations in 1982? a screenplay written by The Wild Bunch's Walon Green, Jack Nicholson, at a time when he could still trade without a semaphore and a great side cast (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine)? But now it does not even appear on TV. The material certainly offers a wealth of opportunities to comment on the American dreams of capitalism and eye-catching consumption in the 1980s. Nicholson's border policeman closes the rare drug deal or trafficking to finance his wife's relentless materialism until he rediscovers his conscience when he learns that his partners are also active in the baby-selling business. Unfortunately, he never really gets his hands dirty and hardly ever turns a blind eye before his decency comes to the surface. The film always feels confused, as if too many transcriptions and too many committees were castrating him. Unfortunately, the recently released DVD is a missed opportunity to restore the original, nihilistic end where Nicholson crosses the border and oversees the border guard. This was cut after the viewers found it too pessimistic, but still prominent in the trailers the film occurred. <br /> <br /> Although this was probably not too convincing, considering how inconspicuous Nicholson's crisis of conscience is in the film, it had to be better than the rough reshot climax, when the movie's logic and even the basic rules of the film Continuity gives up: Once he holds figures at gunpoint, then he is elsewhere and they can kill him, a character is injured In his house, he hops like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande, while Valerie Perrine's character becomes stupid on an exponential level. The villains of the play are disposed of with absurd ease (and an impressive auto stunt) in time for a clumsy happy ending, and you're wondering if you might have looked at another movie altogether. The more awkward it is that the rest of the film is so shallow and oppressive that the sudden leap into the melodrama is all the more shocking. Unfortunately, Ry Cooder's beautiful title song "Across the Borderline" says everything much more economically. But if you want to know what the movie really is, then do not waste the great Warren Oates on anything. If he can not make an impression himself, you know something is really wrong. All in all, it was too easy for me to remember why I thought it was so memorable.
