This film looks at child abduction from the perspective of a mother (Lisa Hartman Black) who behaves like a man in an action thriller. Unlike other films that focus on the police, the mother seeks out her ex-husband who kidnapped her son. She gets help from her lawyer, who eventually falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> Before she finally gets her son in, many bizarre things happen. The mother tries to take a child who looks like her son from a local children's play in a community theater. She gets caught and then realizes that it is not her child. That alone would have taken most people to the mental hospital or a few months in jail awaiting trial. However, in this movie, the mother is released after a few hours because the victim's parents feel sorry for her. A little later Mom breaks into her mother-in-law's house, then the police come and they have their guns on them, but they let them run away because they recognize them (and feel sorry for them?). <br /> <br /> At another point in the story, they found the child, but when the police arrive to search the house, they find themselves leaving the back door and entering the river in a dinghy for which the dad apparently just home was such an escape! The mother gets someone to lend her a raft, and although it must have taken some time (in a real world), she and the lawyer catch up with a friend, and the police catch up the other raft pretty quickly, and it is upside down the water in case of landfall. Instead of getting out of the raft to look for the father in the country, Mom assumes that he drowned the boy and she jumps into the water when she sees his life jacket. Of course she can not swim and sink like a stone. The lawyer saves them, but they fail to run after the father. Once the mother is told that her son died in a clinic in Mexico. It goes on and on, and where it stops, nobody knows! In a way, this movie really does exploit child abduction and is not very positive. On the other hand, it was funny (or funny?) To see a woman doing all the crazy things that men do in such movies.
