I have just completed "Dark Chamber" aka "Under Surveillance" and am stunned. Amazed, not by the movie, but by some of the rave reviews I've read, which has influenced my reputation. The story was so devastated by the holes in the plot that the majority of the actors seem so flat that it is classified as a comedy. Seriously, I shook my head and laughed confused when I endured this movie. Justin leaves the boundaries of living at home with a painkiller-dependent mother who goes to his cop-father despite mother's son warnings that dad is not good. When a young woman is found murdered, Justin becomes suspicious of the tenants who live in the neighboring apartments. With the help of some friends, he installs covert cameras to keep an eye on these people. As the truth begins to dissipate, Justin discovers an unexpected secret. <br /> <br /> A positive point is that Felissa Rose is HOT! I would have generously beaten an extra star or two if it had pulled down a bit, but no such luck. It would have been the potential salvation of the film. Eric Conley played Justin very skillfully, I thought, and I would not be surprised to see more of him in the future. <br /> <br /> The movie's general premise, though plagued by clichés, might have worked, if not for the ridiculously hollow "performances" of the lead actors, notably Alexandra Eitel (Kayla) and David H, Rigg (Justins Father) The horror! (forgive the pun). <br /> <br /> I have nothing against low budget movies. In fact, I believe that independent film is our only hope for decent filming in the coming days. I'll be loosing a bit of low-budget movies in terms of special effects, lighting, even music notes, and overall picture quality. However, I do not give permission for stick figures and the script of a Swiss cheese lover. There are a large number of films produced in professional quality and on a low budget. Unfortunately, this is not included. I can not help but suspect that at least some of the critics who have praised the Dark Chamber here are somehow linked to their production.
