To peer through this film, I must without a doubt quote this memorable scene in Tarantino's Pulp Fiction (1994), when Jules and Vincent talk about Mia Wallace and what she does for a living. Jules tells Vincent that "the only thing she was worth was a pilot". Vincent asks, "What the hell is a pilot?" and Jules describes very well what a TV pilot is: "Well, the way they do shows, they do a show, this show is called a" pilot. "Then they show the show to the people who do shows and decide on that show they choose to do more shows, some are selected and become TV programs, some do not come to nothing, they played in one of the stars that turned into nothing. "Now, to focus on what Jules was talking about There are BILLIONS of TV shows / pilots that were never broadcast because they were just not good. The most famous pilot that comes to my mind is probably "W * A * L * T * E * R", a spin-off to "M * A * S * H" with Gary "Radar" Burghoff as the lead. Hmmm, would anyone really want to watch radar for half an hour to solve crimes? Therefore, the show was never taken up. What many people do not know (or what they think they know) is that pilots are hardly ever shown in the air, because they are only intended for the television networks to decide. Some of them have long since asserted themselves and blew themselves up (the pilot of the animated series "American Dad") comes to my mind, since the series itself began just four months later. However, there were times when we were all supposed to be happy that the pilots never manage to get in the air, and for that reason. <br /> <br /> "Black Beard", an alleged connection to the Mel Brooks comedy classic "Blazing Saddles", is an old stuff and bland "sitcom" with little heart and no soul. "Saddles" was a controversial comedy, but with its racist humor and vulgar comedy that comes to my mind. I say "supposedly" because none of the memorable characters in the movie was out of whisker in this mess of a television program. Mel Brooks was not even involved in the production of the series, and this was the first mistake in a long series (In a related story, I recently heard from an unaired TV pilot for a series based on the movie "Clerks" by Vin Smith was not involved in anything, see what happens?!?). <br /> <br /> Around the same time as the movie (or whatever), the story is created around the only black sheriff in the Wild West, named "Black" Bart, this time by the later Oscar winner Louis Gossett Jr. obviously, before playing in "real" acting while playing a "G-rated" Richard here Pryor Most of the other characters are (though not really bad) character characters in the movie: Jim, The Waco Kid is replaced by a similar-looking character named Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who is quick with the gun. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, a rip-off of the character, that she is a show dancer and a German with a Marlene Dietrich accent and a personality. While this is pretty much the end of the similarities, "Fern Malaga", played by Noble Willingham, whom I suspected would have been Hedley Lamar if Warner Bros. gained the rights to the name (see Trivia for "Blazing Saddles ") and his son Curley ... I do not know, Taggart I suppose? The story is a bad excuse for a sitcom, let alone a pilot. Bart looks at the mayor's drunken son, and he's out of control, causing the city to spin. Really, it's a story that tries to introduce all the characters of the "series" and does not focus on the variety and context that would make this an "OK" look. I can not really call it a sitcom (and even if I wanted to), and that's first and foremost the fact that it was filmed on Backlot at Warner Bros. Studios and later added a laugh track, making the show almost exactly like "M * A * S * H" (complete with a threadbare and boring "laugh" that is identical to the series). Acting is so-so, but there is one part that always makes me laugh. At that moment, the actor who plays Reb Jordan seems to almost forget his lines and really tries to remember them while trying to engage in a bit of dialogue. HA! The script is rather boring and tries to make racism more humorous than in the movie (surprisingly, they use the word "N *** er" many times in a 22-minute episode, which is rather tricky for the time and even for today) and it is repeated. <br /> <br /> If you ever get this invisible piece of sssss in your hands ... an interesting, interesting novelty item, be sure to just feel like watching pilots (It's on the Collector's Edition of " Blazing Saddles, God knows why). There you will have the opportunity to see first-hand why many pilots who participate in films are never aired.
