It was hard to get through this terrible heretical adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently Matt Frewer was occupied because he is tall and skinny. His skull-like face made a good zombie in the remake of Dawn of the Dead, but as Sherlock Holmes he looks like a scarecrow. Not only does Frewer have a boring, tiresome gait that's hard to watch, he also looks uncomfortable in the stereotypical coats of Holmes he wears. Not only that, but although the coat is made of gray twill, they apparently could not find a matching hat. His hat is black and looks shiny, as if it were made of polyester. Whatever the cap was, it looked very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett occasionally wore these traditional outfits, but Brett did not have to disguise himself like Sherlock Holmes to see the role. Frewer, on the other hand, is painful to look at. Even in the full "Holmes" costume he does not wear like Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Frewer's cadaverous face that grins all the time as he seethes with a very bad British accent "Upper Crust" is painful to see and hear. To say that Frewer is exaggerated is an understatement. After completing each sentence with a sort of sneer, he sneers as if it were some sort of British feature. When I started to look at it, I thought it might be a comedy with Wishbone, the Jack Russell Terrier. I thought Frewer had been a kind of foil to Wishbone. But unfortunately there is no dog in this movie except Frewer. Wishbone would have made this movie a lot better. <br /> <br /> Not only does Frewer's version of Sherlock Holmes never stop talking (in that awful artificial nasal accent), but he's very friendly and nice. Frewer always smiles at the witnesses he's talking to, and he's so polite and polite that he could teach at a wizarding school instead of being a sleuth. Perhaps, as this is a Hallmark Channel production, they are trying to make a children's version of Sherlock Holmes (Wishbone was better as well), which was kinder and gentler. Whatever the point of Frewer's interpretation of Sherlock Holmes, it's flatter than a pancake and easily the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I've ever seen (including the previous worst of Charlton Heston). <br /> <br /> All in all The sound of this movie is terrible. It reminded me of a typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Wrote or Diagnosis Murder. All the suspects were suspicious and stared at the victims before they were killed. Holmes and Watson explain all the hints throughout the movie. Even Murder She Wrote has fewer exposures. <br /> <br /> This Sherlock Holmes does not even compare well with Jim Rockford of the Rockford Files, and he's miles below Columbo. The terrible dialogue is probably the scribe's fault. It's obvious that the one who wrote this script knows very little about Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version with Jeremy Brett. This movie has the atmosphere of an episode of Little House on the Prairie. The fact that the actors seem to smile when they express their lines in their false accents does not help. <br /> <br /> The only small ray of hope is Ken Walsh, who plays Doctor Watson with some dignity. Walsh is not ashamed compared to Frewer, and when he often interviews witnesses, his demeanor and conversational style are much more natural and believable. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast is amateurish, and the visual cues they give when staring at each other (to show that they're suspicious) have not been seen in any modern movie.
