I will write about this movie and about "Irreversible" (the most famous scene in it). You will be warned if you have not seen the movie yet. These are just my thoughts on why I think the movie fails (in the end - pun intended). Rosario Dawson is wise, really good, and almost portrays a person almost a decade younger (a teenager in other words). The villain is good, but loses his "evil" touch shortly before the end. If he really never changes, why should he let himself be tied up by a woman? He would not, period. Then we also have the bartender / 2nd rape dude. Actually, I do not think you would need him. At least not for the second rape, but more on that later. <br /> <br /> Let us repeat the story again. Rosario's character is sexually insecure, may even have lesbian tendencies (see her scene with a girlfriend). This was not intended, as Rosario himself says, but there is sexual tension between them. Rosario's character meets a man who is a sexual predator, in all bad senses. But he makes an impression on her. Rosario commented that her character already had a boyfriend. I beg to differ. Because she behaves as if it were her first boyfriend, as underscored by her phone conversation with her mother. Speaking of mother, here is another problem. After the first rape, the Rosario character does not tell anyone what happened. Her relationship with her mother is very close, none of it is explored afterwards. If Rosario's character did not call her mother or act strangely, her mother would be worried like crazy. There was so much potential here. Also her friend: We see her at the party, it is obvious that something is going on and she is "gone". <br /> <br /> The first rape is almost unbearable to see. But feels like a pinch when you compare it to the end (rape) that feels like you're being hit by a sledgehammer! After rape No. 1 we get to extended scenes. Threads are opened (as their construction is an indication that she might be lesbian, as a man indicates who tried to attack her ...) but left open. No real social contact is made if you omit the bartender involved in the second and final rape scene. It is obvious that he is not a "nice" guy and his character is a little bit refined. But when Rosario's character meets her rapist back in class, his character in the movie seems pointless. We get the point that the character of Rosario is no longer the same, that she has gone "bad" and can hurt people. (Too) Many scenes show just that, because without emotions it only makes drugs and other stuff. Back to Rapist # 1, who cheats on a test, gets caught by Rosario's character and decides to be together again (really?). As absurd as it sounds, the man meets her, not without us having seen him before, with another girl (very likely that he also raped her, although fortunately we never see anything of it) and his footballing career. Well, the career is long and he gets bullied. This is an attempt to give some depth to his character and it almost works, but on the other hand, it is too stereotyped to stay with you. So Rapist # 1 submits to the character of Rosarios ... why exactly? Because he promised her, was it her day? Again really? A guy like this never loses control, especially with a woman he raped before ... I think that's supposed to show us how stupid he is. The bartender would have worked as someone who might have beaten him over the head, but if he gets so surrendered, he just feels wrong. Another option would have a drug in his drink. <br /> <br /> So rapist # 1 gets undressed and gets blindfolded, and Rosario's character binds him to a bed ... seriously, that's just crazy! But what's next is even crazier. First, she talks to him, then "closes" him and forces him into the room. This is as hard to watch as the rape of Scene 1. It's not about what this guy deserves or not, it's just intense. And that, of course, was what they wanted. After she's done, the bartender comes and raped ... Rapist # 1. If this really was to work as a revenge movie, it would have been better if Rosario's character had done all "revenge" herself. When a henchman does the work, everything that was built up is taken away. <br /> <br /> This is not meant to be entertaining / entertaining, it's a tough clock and it's an art house. But the 10-minute (I have not counted) rape scene in the end shatters everything. Rosario's character is more or less, just watching what happens. That brings me to the biggest disappointment. <br /> <br /> Irreversible comparison: "Irreversible" had the rape scene, but the movie kept going (even though it was back in time). Rosario looks at the camera at the end and says something about having to overcome that. First, it's a little too late, she should say after the first rape. And second and above all, the Art House movie should come into play here. It is more interesting to see if Rosario's character would follow the second rape scene and how she would handle what she had done. But on the other hand, she did not actually do that much (see above) ... a broken character that cuts the film ... <br /> <br /> Good intentions (Talia and Rosario had previously worked), but when most things do do not be taught, get on the track (even if you see what they meant, it has to be convincing, otherwise it will not work) ... not to mention the overlong rape scenes as they are ...
