One of the most peculiar, often-used love movies is this: A seriously malad man falls in love with a dying woman who turns his life from death. Occasionally this story is made good and realistic (as in "The Theory of Flight," an excellent joker), but more often it is made like here, where the heroine dies as always at "Old Movie Disease". You know, the deadly disease that has no symptoms but a fainting spell and the need to lie down when you say good-bye to your lover forever; And your looks are not a bit affected (and since this is the '70s, it's not your sex life either). This is one of the worst versions of this story, in which a very stupid script composes two incompatible and incredible characters played by actors who are completely at sea. <br /> <br /> That's come To be the worst performance of Al Pacino's career, and I say that after seeing "The Devil's Advocate" just two days ago! He plays a control freak, emotionally-minded racer, and plays a lifeless character. He seems to be constantly wondering why he's staying close to Marthe Keller (and the audience too), and he spends most of the movie just ... standing there, mostly with his mouth open. The only time he shows a sign of life is near the end, where his character proves that he has changed from a corrupt to a liberation by performing a weirdly bad imitation of Mae West. Hey, those were the seventies! Marthe Keller is as terrible as the dying love interest; Her character was conceived as courageous and free and touching and unrestrained and full of life, though she was dying, and should probably be played with an actress with the sensitivity of, for example, Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they got the expressionless face and the strong German accent of Mrs. Keller, the rather a frightening Teutonic cliché ("You VILL eat ze omelet!") As something lovable. It's supposed to reform Pacino and fill him with courage and spirit and all that, but it does not work that way, it's more like honking his mistakes in the most disgusting way. This is one of the least persuasive romances in film history, where you can not believe that she would be with someone she considers worthless, and you can not believe that he is with someone who cares so much about him gets on your nerves. <Br /> <br /> Some bad movie fans call this a cult classic, mainly because of Pacino's silly "liberating" Mae West imitation. The scene is a hoot, especially in context, but it's not worth sitting by the rest of the movie. No, just watch the movie if you're a serious bad movie lover and you're particularly interested in studying Extreme Lack of Chemistry between Lead Actors or Very Bad Casting (not only are the lead roles terrible, but Pacino's other girlfriend is one by one) Actress who looks and sounds like Keller with shorter hair, I totally messed her up, this is not one of those horrible minutes like "The Conqueror", but a really, very bad movie. <br /> <br />
