Uta Hagen's "Respect for Acting" is the standard textbook in many college theater classes. In the book, Hagen presents two fundamentally different approaches to the development of a character as an actor: the presentation approach and the representation approach. In the presentation, the actor focuses on making the character as honest as possible by introducing emotional elements from the actor's own life. In the representation approach, the actor tries to express the effect of an emotion through a high degree of control of movement and sound. <br /> <br /> At the time of this Hamlet, the representation approach of acting was still partly in vogue. The British theater has a long history of this style of acting, and one could say that Olivier is the ultimate king of the representation school. The time had been friendly neither to this drama school nor to this movie. Nearly every working actor uses a presentation approach today. For the modern eye, Olivier's high-quality, stylized delivery is stylish, stiff and stilted. Rather than creating an internally conflicted Hamlet, Olivier made the melancholy Dane a declaiming, confident megaphone - a style of acting that would have worn well in the back of the larger London theaters, but far too powerful to surpass one of them modern Hamlet , <br /> <br /> And so the film creaks awkwardly today. Olivier's propensity to e-nun-ci-ate makes some of Hamlet's lines unintentionally funny: "Instead, you must get yourself a tem-whisker attack that causes them to ... smoothness!" Instead of crying at the meeting with his father's ghost (as any real actor could), bright lights in Olivier's pupils convey that impression. A good essay with the Queen, despite the painfully obvious age differences (he was 41, she was 26 ). The other actors in this film have no chance of meaning anything, given Olivier's tendency to hold on! the camera! on him! ever! times! <br /> <br /> Sixty years later, one senses the uncertainty of the Shakespearean stage actor, who lacked the confidence to portray a fragile, flawed Hamlet, and instead portrayed a kind of Elizabethan megaphone. Final analysis: "I would have flogged such a guy to do Termagant, Herod: Herod: I beg you, avoid it."
