I can not remember for life why - I had a free ticket or something - but I saw this movie in the movies when it was released. I can not remember who I went to, what theater I was in or what city. All I remember was how offended I was at this travesty, when someone dared to call a movie, and how half the people in the theater went outside before the movie was over. Unfortunately, I have stuck with it, which I still consider to be one of the worst mistakes of my life. My offense turned to horror when the grubby demon child poked his head out from behind a sign just before the end credits and said, "Find problem child 2, come soon!" This was undoubtedly the most horrible moment ever recorded in the film. <br /> <br /> The act, if I remember rightly, concerned John Ritter and possibly his wife (Lord, as I have unsuccessfully tried to block this movie from my head) a "problem child". Maybe they think they can improve him or something. I really do not know it. If that was their intention, they fail miserably because that child, from the first image to the last instant, is the most brutal, gross, terrible demon brood that ever came to the big screen. Forget Damian, forget Rosemary's baby. This kid takes the cake. The only difference is that we have to apologize because he is a "problem child". However, this is impossible because this child is probably the most unsympathetic character ever portrayed. They want to kill him through the entire movie, and when John Ritter decides to keep the hideous hell child, yell, "Send him back!" in shocked disgust (like some of the people in the theater where I saw it). <br /> <br /> This is just the second movie I gave a "1" on IMDb. The other was Superman IV and by God I could not tell you what was worse. John Ritter had a quote in the TV Guide about the time when Problem Child 3, in which he was not, appeared. He said something like, "The only way to make another episode of [Problem Child] is if they would withdraw my corpse to perform." Amen to the! <br /> <br /> I'd rather watch a 24-hour marathon of Police Academy sequels than see a twenty-minute problem child again. 1/10, just because I can not rate it negatively, what it really deserves. Someone please burn the original negatives of this movie!
