Yeti: The Curse of the Snow Demon starts aboard a plane full of American high school teens heading for a soccer game in Japan. Unfortunately, her plane crashes during a heavy thunderstorm in the Himalayas. Bad luck really. With a few dead and some survivors, the survivors have to think of themselves and decide to wait until the help comes. Just when they believe that their luck could not get any worse, they find that a huge, hairy Yeti creature made out of a hideous snowman wants to kill and eat them all. Caught, cold, starving and fighting for survival, will help to reach the stranded teen in time? Yes, with a title like Yeti: The Snow Demon's Curse can only mean one thing & that's someone The sci-fi channel has created another "creature" feature, though the sci-fi channel here in the UK is that variety makes something more varied and now called "Beast Feast". As if that would make a difference. Directed by Paul Ziller, it has to be said that Yeti: The Curse of the Snow Demon is a horrible, yet entertaining movie. Sure it's bad, but sometimes it's fun too. The basic requirement is indeed in order, it is a kind of cross between Alive (1993) with the plane crash and the survivors who must become cannibals to survive, and the excellent bloody killer killer Bigfoot (another legendary hairy monster), Night of the Demon (1980)) that I would defend with my last breath & I have to say that it's not exactly a heavenly marriage, but like I said, it's sometimes fun, if not thrilling or well written. The characters are mostly annoying American teenagers, there are the expected arguments, there is the macho hero, the strong woman and the coward who thinks only of himself, so there are no prizes for originality. There are also some storylines when an aircraft load of people crashes, why send only two rangers on foot to search for them? How will you dig a big hole in ten minutes and line it with sharpened sticks? Why did not Yeti kill that bird in the end? It had killed everyone else to this point, so why not her? The "There are actually two Yetis running around" twist is not used at all. At least the movie has a good pace, it certainly moves at a fairly old pace and I never felt bored. There is a moderately bloody action and the film has a fascination in seeing whether the kids will survive or not and whether they will eat their dead comrades or not. <br /> <br /> The One Thing You Can Always These sci-fi channels, "creature features" or "beast feasts", are said to laugh and laugh out loud at the CGI computer effects again prove the case. The plane crash on takeoff looks awful & the Yeti, if its CGI looks, is just embarrassing jumping around like a pogo stick. There are one or two beautiful scenes with a broken arm, a crushed head, a torn out heart, a few corpses, some blood spatter and best of all if the Yeti rips a guy in half and beats him with his own beating legs before They bite a big piece out of them. According to the IMDb, the actor who played the Yeti needed three and a half hours to put on the suit and make-up, which looks like a long time since it's actually a pretty shabby-looking creation. The original title was apparently Raksha: the curse of the snow demon with Raksha, which in Sanskrit means demon in Tibet, so you know it now. <br /> <br /> This has reasonable production values, considering the usual sci-fi channel stuff. The mountain location does not look like the harsh, gloomy Himalayas and was probably located near a ski resort, and in many daytime scenes it actually looks pleasantly warm. The acting is not so good and I did not think that one of the girls looked so good, which did not help. <br /> <br /> Yeti: The Snow Demon's Curse is another horrible Sc-Fi channel 'Creature Feature' if I'm honest that no healthy person likes it, but if you're looking for some horror fun, then This is not so bad. There are one or two entertaining moments that make it something observable, even if it's not very good.
