What is inexplicable? First of all, hatred for this film. This may not be the greatest film of all time, but give me a break, he received 11 Oscars for the reason he did eighteen hundred million dollars for the cause. It's damn good movie. This leads to another aspect of the unexplained. I have no idea at all why this film has left such an impression on me when I saw it in theaters. I rewatched on TV and video, and he did not have any impact it had when I saw it on the big screen (twice or maybe three times, really). But it may be that, the attraction of this. It's a movie, yes, capital M is, is an epic, a spectacle in order of Gone with the Wind and Ben Hur. Now, Ben Hur and Gone with the Wind, it seems kind of fake to me, with Hammy action and excessive melodrama. Not that Titanic has none of this. Well, the action was actually very good. Melodrama was pretty heavy-handed at times. <br /> <br /> But the reason Titanic works is that it's such an emotional ride. I used to enjoy movies that stimulate the mind, or give me a visual thrill. This film is not completely stupid, but it's not all cerebral. Visual thrill simply means that before the end, to fuel emotions audience. I did not cry when Bambi's mother died, I did not react to the melodrama. But it is sentimental to the power of ten million, the emotional rollercoaster that, if it were an ordinary one, would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl. And I'm sure that if you see it on the video, and have decided that you hate him, and have a ready supply of cynicism, then you do not like this movie. But if you allow that to suspend disbelief just a little bit, if you give this epic melodrama benefit of the doubt, you will enjoy it completely. And look at the top ten grossing films of all time. Is one of them bad? Is one of them is worth 1 point out of 10? No, not even The Phantom Menace. And the film made $ 1.8 billion worldwide. It can not be bad. Nha possible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. how can anyone even consider comparing it Spiderman? climber was a fun movie, but it was only 9/11 kneejerk, which caused him to gross as much as he did. it just was not anything all that special. no one will remember it in 50 years. but I'm sure that Titanic will be remembered.
