Titanic is long, but well-done adventure tragic love story that takes place during the ill-fated flight to the unsinkable ship. Writer / director James Cameron has done a great job of making this film about a fictional love story between two very different people, and combining that with the real event of the Titanic, which sank after hitting an iceberg 15 April 1912 claiming thousands of lives that are lost in the ice releasing waters of the North Atlantic. Two wires in the film are great in their roles, including Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. They make for a good onscreen couple. DiCpario and Winslet also had this chemistry together will make a novel that eventually blossoms between them, which is much more plausible. They both showed real talent, if this one came out and they both continued to show only that in his most recent films as well. The rest of the supporting cast, including Billy Zane, Kathy Bates, Frances Fisher, Jonathan Hyde, and Bill Paxton in a small role in the equally impressive, like their characters, to help bring them to life in this film. The love story, action, suspense, and great special effects done on purpose for that time. The horror of the situation the characters were felt so real, because it really happened that makes you want most of them to survive in this life and death situation. Walking was a little slow at times, and it was a little long, but the rest of the film is compensated by several drawbacks. Titanic makes for a great date movie that's sure to make some girls cry almost every time they watch it. The fact that this actually happened, of course, added to the film make you feel sorry for all the lives lost when the Titanic sank in the Atlantic after hitting an iceberg. In general, the Titanic's tragic heartbreaking story about two people who fall in love while on the ill-fated ship Thats have realized exceptional performance from the cast especially DiCaprio and Winslet, who, of course, to make this movie worth the time to watch.
