Back in 1997, I remember that year, Clinton banned cloning research unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the World Series and the woman gave birth to septuplets. It was also a big year in the release of Titanic, one of the greatest films of all time: the story of the dream boat, a boy and a girl who fall in love, but plagued by their social class and at the height of their emotional attachment to the ship meets disaster. I do not think anyone could have expected Titanic to be as great as it was, the film was larger than life, and have millions of fans, 85% of them teenage girls, I was 12 years old at the time, and, of course , seen the film several times. It was the film that made me believe that love, which is shared by Jack and Rose was so real and beautiful. At that time I felt that the Titanic could not do nothing wrong, of course, I grew up and did not watch the movie since I was 14, a couple of years ago I saw a movie on DVD for 5.99 and I realized that it was a good price and to see that now, I thought about the film. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was it a real nose Leonardo? Well, I know it's silly to say, but I watch the movie again. Being completely honest here, great movie Titanic, the best film of all time, not only depends on your idea of ​​a good film, but taken to the Titanic romance, humor, disaster, emotion, and never go on the first flight. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team are studying the wreckage of the Titanic, looking for a necklace set with precious blue diamond called the Heart of the ocean. Unsuccessful, they instead discover the image of a young woman lying naked, wear the Heart of the Ocean, dated the day the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns of the drawing, and contacts Lovett to inform him that she is a woman in the drawing. She and her granddaughter Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and his skeptical team on his salvage ship. When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the high-end 17-year-old board rose ship with her fiancé, Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, both of which emphasize the importance of the Rose to participate in Cal, as the marriage will mean the eradication of DeWitt-Bukater debt: while they have the appearance of the upper class, Rosa and her mother financially broke. Confused and distressed her engagement to the controlling Cal and the pressure her mother, putting her through with the marriage, Rose tries to commit suicide by jumping from the stern. Before she jumps, tramp and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes. Jack and Rose strike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life, and he shared stories about his adventures traveling and sketching; their relationship is enhanced when they leave the stifling first-class formal dinner in rapport rich potential for a much livelier gathering of Irish dance, music and beer in the third grade. But after Cal clerk informs him about the whereabouts of Rose, Rose is forbidden to see Jack again. However, after seeing a woman encouraging her seven year old daughter behaves like a "proper lady" at tea, Rose defies him and her mother, asking Jack sketch her nude and wearing only the Heart of the Ocean, an engagement present from Cal. After a nice moment together in the back seat of the first fun, they go on to the deck of the ship. <br /> <br /> They then witness the ship's fatal collision with an iceberg. After overhearing the ship's lookouts discussing how serious collision, Rose tells Jack that they should warn her mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal discovers Rose's naked image and its mocking note into his safe, so it creates a Jack for stealing the Heart of the Ocean, with Lovejoy put it in the pocket of Jack. After studying Cal intends to leave Jack to die under a deck, Rose runs away from him and her mother to save him. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck. Cal and Jack, though enemies, both want Rose safe, so they convince her to get into the lifeboat. But after he realized that she can not leave Jack, Rose jumps back on the ship and reunites with Jack in the first grade ladder vessel. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, the lifeboats were gone, and the ship finally comes down to freezing The Atlantic, taking Jack and Rose down. <br /> <br /> Just Titanic lives up to it's hype? I still say it's a great movie to see, I think there are still a lot of haters who, for whatever reason, just want to remove this film, because he won a ton of awards and were all in love with the movie, but it does great acting, amazing effects, well-written story and still looks flawless. Love him or hate him, you have to admit the movie did not get a lot of hype just because of the child's face or Leo amazing ability Kate crying in sight, this film something special. He will always hold a special place in my heart, he also sees that I've seen that movie 8 times in the theater when it was released. But all that aside, I would recommend this movie, it's a big one, and sure to go down in the classic one day. <br /> <br /> 10/10
