Titanic director James Cameron is a fictional love story in the historical setting of the Titanic. The plot is simple, uncomplicated, not for those who like sites, turn and keep you in suspense. The end of the film can be figured out within a few minutes after the start of the film, but the love story is interesting, however. Winslet's beautiful like a rose, an aristocratic young lady betrothed for Cal (Billy Zane). At an early stage diving Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), the lowest class of the artist on his way to America after winning his ticket on the Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets it, in contrast to the upper class, who are so concerned with their social concerns. The two fall in love, and viewers see the sinking of the Titanic in the first place through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The film begins today with the collapse of the exploration team in search of treasure that sunk with the Titanic, which was held recently. One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who heard about the shipwreck exploration on TV and was sent to the boat, where search is headed by said that she remembers to help search. She gets to tell her the memory of the one and only voyage of the Titanic. At the same time, the scene shifts to Southampton, Ireland, where the Titanic sailed from April 10, 1912, all passengers sit. After another stop on the Irish coast Titanic went out to look for her maiden voyage across the Atlantic bound for New York. Historically, the first few days of sailing were no complications, but the fictional plot of the story is developing at this time as Rose sees the hopeless entrapement from the battlefield, it is in the rich Cal Hockley and falls in love with a third passenger Class Jack Dawson. Captain Smith alledgedly, as shown in the film was called upon director White Star Line, to increase the speed of the ship, so that they would make the headlines and get more publicity, arriving in New York on Thursday night, but not on Friday morning, as planned. Smith ordered the fateful decision to go against his thirty-two years of experience, to stretch the legs before the Titanic full speed. Titanic has been reported that the water in the Atlantic they swam in were full of icebergs, but they ignored these warnings and proceeded at full speed, as shown in the film. April 15, 1912 at 11:39, an iceberg was sighted. They have tried to turn off the engine and turn the ship to the iceberg way, but there was not enough time, and the ship struck an iceberg on the right side, as shown in the film. Picture of many small holes in the side of the ship, rather than one large incision along the side is correct. The crew of the Titanic sent out distress signals and distress rockets off as Unknown until 2:18 when the light finally failed. California lights six miles were observed, but they are unable to understand what was happening and did not respond to numerous requests for assistance from the Titanic. California tried earlier in the day to warn Titanic of the heavy ice, which forced them to stop their trip but Titanic brushed their cause California to prevent his radio and leave the Titanic on its own. Women and children are the first class were the first to enter as shown in twenty boats which were on the ship. In most cases, the third-class passengers suffered the most deaths of any class and the crew suffered in this tragedy, too. According to employees of White Star Line and first-class passengers it was considered since the second and third class passengers, if the authorities are trying to get information about the sinking. In addition, a metal which was used to build the Titanic was found in recent years in terms of a strong cold, through the night Titanic sank, to be extremely fragile. In general, the main story is very accurate in his portayal events and the time in which these events took place on the Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in the story are not real and are created just for the purpose of the film or composite characters to represent the possible features and ideas of the people on the ship. The main group of Rose, Jack, Cal and Rose's mother were all fictional characters, written in history as they are a diverse group of people from time to time. Nevertheless, many of the characters, such as the unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; designer ship, Thomas Andrew; Line representative of White Star, Bruce Ismay; and all the officers of the Titanic were real. The first voyage was going to be the last voyage of Captain Edward Smith is still, as he had planned to retire later. He was part of the White Star Line in 1880, where he worked his way up to his captain status of a millionaire when the Titanic sank. The images are accurate officers, only four survived the tragedy for the officer who threatened to kill all the passengers of the ship with his gun, except. He is on record as acting heroically and misportrayed to the fact that James Cameron has apologized and called a monument in his honor in the former Canadian officer native city. As shown in the film was a language problem between the crew and many of the lower-class passengers with non-English speaking countries. In addition, Lowe officer was the only officer who returned to the boat, as shown. Old people shown in his bed, as water came into their room were based on Strauss. Not wanting to leave her side, Mrs. Strauss husband refused to enter into her boat with her husband and died on the Titanic. In addition, Mr. Goggenheim, which was shown sipping brandy and smoking cigars were reported to come out as it is dressed in their best. The richest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who had died most of Manhattan, though, as well, but his much younger wife was rescued in a boat. In addition, Molly Brown was saved, and then the medal has been made on the crew Carpethia, which picked up survivors from the Titanic water. Her ticket on the Titanic was worth more than four thousand dollars, and by the end of her life, she finally broke down. All the interiors have been skilfully replacated ship until the last pieces of china and silverware. Gymnasium, which is almost invisible beautifully restored all the machines reproduced to match those seen in old photographs. Gorgeous dresses and costumes were beautifully restored post-Victorian era in 1912. The rich is practically possible all the women's movement suffrage is not quite get moving again. Women at this time are often married to a financially secure as Rose is considering to do and usually take a back seast spouses status as Cal Rose wanted to do. Rich did not take good 'new money', such as Molly Brown, as shown. All the while it was very formal. Have women had to be escorted to lunch male figure, as seen from the dining room scene. Smoking was not very common among women of time, but also the holders of cigarettes, which have just been received at the time were used, as can be seen from the Rose in the film. the men of that time did not smoke cigars cigarettes. Women constained physically their corsets and social society. Although James Cameron had no background in historical films, he brought Titanic experts together with two years spent cross-references to the history of the Titanic and a few liberties were taken. Excellent cinematography and special effects have also helped to make the film even more exciting. <br /> <br /> known messages can be seen in the movie Titanic, how people on the ship were about three hours to consider their demise. Director James Cameron, shows a different response to the crisis is in people's lives. Everyone reacts differently, and it gets you thinking about how you would react if you were in this situation on the Titanic on that fateful night. In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990s, when it was made, as it gives a view of the wreck of the Titanic. Only in the last fifteen years we have the actual Titanic was found and studied. This film was able to give us a deeper look into the accident that many of them would not have to watch. However, the moral question of who today must take the treasures of the sunken submarine graveyard belongs. There have been attempts to stop looking for the treasure of the mission, such as the one pictured in Titanic, but they all failed. As it stands today, anyone can make a trip on the Titanic, and take any values, they are shown in the film shows the common values ​​of our time on this issue. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, the film is very well done. In order to get footage of the wreck on the ocean floor it took twelve dives to get all the shots necessary for the film. In addition, a special camera should have been set up to withstand a lot of pressure on the ocean floor. Cameron plans to use the probe to go as far as in Titanic someone is in the 88 years since the ship sank, but it worked, it gave a unique perspective into the ship. In addition, throughout the film fading inputs and outputs from the sunken Titanic Titanic on stage during his actual navigation. This shift between the current stage of the last stage of the voyage works as a great transition that makes the story easy to follow aclear manner. At the very beginning of the film septune rest is used to reconstruct the scene when the actual people left the European coast on the Titanic giving it distinct from the rest of the events of the film. <br /> <br /> Titanic plays almost as a historical biography and a work of art, a true epic. Like most of the novels of history, we know that the end, but it does not take away from the wonderful sweets that can be found in this picture. Some aspects of this film is Oscar material, including costumes, sound, cintematography and editing. If you like interesting characters that will give you an idea of ​​the lives of the characters in the early 1900s, and they are faced with a disaster, then this movie is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
