I have not watched this movie in a long time. Long before it was released even I dismissed it as overly hyped, over-blown, overly romanticized slice of Hollywood sentimentality, and I do not want to have anything to do with it. I never looked at the theater. I shook my head, not believing in the 11th Academy Awards - although I've never seen him. Then I was asked to be a judge at the contest of public speaking high school. One of the girls talked about this movie. "It was so cool," she said. "You really felt like you were on a ship." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One looked at me and said, "You may be right, but if she liked the film, which may very well be, she wants to learn more about the real Titanic. The film should have done something right to get it so interesting. "" Well, maybe, "I thought I. Then he finally appeared on pay-TV. "Well," I thought, "I'll give it a look see." I do not want to like it - and I did not. I loved it! What a wonderful film. <br /> <br /> Where to start? First - direction. My high school public speaking participant was right. James Cameron does an excellent job of creating almost a "you are there" type of atmosphere. life fun aboard the most elegant ship in the world. Negligence of the iceberg as the news first spread; the growing sense of panic. You do not just watch; You can really feel it. Then - performances. Lead performances with Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (Jack) excellent - Winslet be higher, I thought, but both were good. They had their own rich girl / bad boy characters down to a perfect 'T' I thought. In my opinion, though, was eclipsing Frances Fisher, mother Rose. It was made as a snobby aristocrat, and you could feel the fear and revulsion she felt every time she looked at Jack. Then - detail. I'm not sinking of the Titanic expert, but I have a smart general knowledge, and the film does a super job accurately restored historical details, and then weaving them easily around a fictional romance. Very impressive, indeed. Then - the song. Who can watch this movie and can not be taken in compliance with the Celine Dion of "My Heart Goes On». <br /> <br /> problems. Well, the romance was perhaps too far-fetched, in the sense that I simply do not accept that Jack could move so easily from the cockpit to the first class. (I know that he was invited for the first time, but he seems to get into first class without stopping, until he had been there for a while.) The reality of the division of social classes were much more realistically reflect, I thought, if they Kubrick passengers were going to stay locked up there after the ship struck an iceberg while the first-class people enjoyed half empty lifeboats. <br /> <br /> minor quibble, though. This is a really great movie. I'm sorry I just do not see it in the theater, where I think it would be much more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
