ELEPHANT WALK can not be peak literature or film, but it is a great fun in quasi-melodramatic mode. This is a story about love, as a real and illegal and excessive ambition, dedication and pride of personal tyranny. The previous reviewer John Mankin, questions why the focus of the movie house called the Elephant Walk, should the former owner, "Governor," the late Tom Wiley, right in front of the traditional ways of elephants to the main water source was to be built, the river. To miss this point is in fact miss the point of the film center: the human arrogance. The fact that his son, played by Peter Finch, should be captured by the super way and a puzzle valued his father, is not unexpected, as the son was growing up without a mother in a strange jungle alone with his father, and violent, "the boys parents' club" as his role model. father of the matter is that he was a self-made man who would tame nature to your taste, and that sympathy is not only tea plantation on the land of the elephants once dominated, but also that it will dominate even the big elephant that has led to the herd, and, so he will dominate his son, and all around him, and so we join the story after the elephants had been deprived of crucial dry season to him the way to the water. Who could have known that the dry season will last so long, and that the elephants are doing desperate to get water? This linking of the film: what animals do to get water; that will make a person to gain power or love? Ceylon, now Sri Lanka, is a large island off the coast of India, where the plantation is located, and one soon learns that this is the real history of the landscape, not only the costs of Miss Taylor. If it was not this exotic place (most of the film was shot in Ceylon), and wonderful "Bungalow", it would be just another potboiler. I must admit the atmosphere created here as an integral part of the place and time, since it illuminates the last day of the wealth and power is achieved by an English immigrant conquerors ", which have been an integral part of the British Raj. Only such a wealth gained through the use of virtual slave labor that could build such a magnificent residence ebony, teak and marble. it should not be overlooked are the wonderfully carved Jalees (lattice work window and door limit) is obviously determined by art directors J. Mc Millan Johnson and Hal Pereira and obviously with a cheaper labor force on the island. This skill shows the attention to detail that these people are looking for. <br /> <br /> For those who are immune to insinuating speeches of the time, place and architecture, there is always the charm of Miss Taylor when she marries a man she does not really know, and silently took care to another person on the background, and are described under the all encompassing tyranny of human heritage who died. As I said, it's not great literature, or even a great movie, but it is a great spectacle long before the term was humiliated special effects extravaganza today. <br /> <br /> This is one of those films are made to be seen on a giant screen in the open air screwing rather than the home television, to organize the big screen to see it to fully appreciate its slim camera-work and scope coverage.
