Scott Bartlett «OffOn» nine minutes of pure madness. This is a full frontal attack psychedelic, pulsating, epilepsy induced by flashing lights and colors, as well as the first true fusion of film and video in the Avant-garde cinema. There's no story to tell, but Bartlett uses images of nature ?? in particular, the human face and form ?? to cause a sequence of emotional reactions, integrating these biological phenomena in highly industrialized forms of modern technology. In a sense, the film is an amalgamation of humanity in his tools, his car, his technology. This topic is connected freely with podagovore with HAL9000 in Stanley Kubrick's "2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)," and, indeed, the opening sequence of images Bartlett ?? flashing colors in front close-up of a human eye ?? Dave Bowman recalls a journey through the Stargate visually rich color. opposite to the combination of sharp, bright pictures and more granular content, as if we're sitting too close to the television screen {in fact, the final product was recorded with a television monitor}. <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion about the date of exit movie. IMDb lists the film as a release in 1972, but as the National Film Registry and film preservation to 1968 the National Trust as the correct year. Perhaps this discrepancy reflects the time between the end of the film and its first public showing. In any case, the visual is clearly ahead of its time sometimes reminiscent of 1980s music videos and some peppy techno music would not have gone wrong, either! "OffOn» captures the grit, fragmented images, representing the life of skewed point of view of computer processing too much information probes. I had a thought ?? and please do not laugh at this interpretation of free-thinking ?? that extraterrestrial civilization capture television signals of the Earth may well get such incoherent, alien documentation of human life, whimsical installation only vaguely familiar images that could not make any coherent sense. Perhaps this is where humanity, with all its technology, ultimately, the course in relation to the permanent splice the film and video, purity and artificiality.
