Directed by Govind Nihalani is certain police film of Indian cinema. Maybe the first one, reflecting the harsh reality of corruption in the police and politics with no rules and how it affects the young policeman. Man forced to join the police career of his father, a police officer. I agreed that we grew up watching a lot of good cop / bad cop movies in Hindi, but it is quite another. Today's generation that grew up watching the dark and realistic films kak «Satya», «Company» may consider it an inferior product in comparison, but look at the time of its creation. The film was made completely eliminate beat tones at a time when people did not pay much attention to this kind of movie and yet it is becoming the most popular after the movie cop in the class and the mass audience, when it is released. Om Puri for his first breakthrough in mainstream Hindi cinema and he delivered a performance as the Class Velankar inspector. He was more than a police character, he learned a lot, which is something original in action. See his scenes with his father, whom he hates, and Smita, which he loves. Patil has retained the dignity of her character to the expected level. My God, what a natural expression she wore !!! Shafi Inamdar was really a discovery for me, and he's a brilliant actor of the character, if given a chance & here in some scenes he outsmarted even ohms. The film is also the debut of a promising villain in the Indian Amrapurkare turn the OSD as' Rama Shetty. " It is another story that he had not received such a meaty role & is almost forgotten today as one of the big villain militants B Dharmendra class. Watch the scene where the first time Om becomes rebels for his father (played by Amrish Puri) & close and shared wine together. The inner truth of the beginning of the identification and comparison of character with feelings of love and hatred for each other. Two Indian Police face of masculinity and force between impotence and lies- half truths (Ardh Satya) ?? Kudos Nihalani in touch. The film won two State Prizes for Best Feature Film in Hindi and the best Actor- Om Puri and three Filmfare Awards in the Best Film, Best Director and Best Supporting Actor categories. <br /> <br /> It is recommended for anyone who is interested in a serious nostalgic films in Hindi. <br /> <br /> Ratings- 8/10
