Shinjuku Triad Society, although perfect, is a compelling film angry for what he is trying to reflect in their uber-common area. It yakuza / triad picture with the police against the Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mainly the Chinese, as the name implies), but even in his first technical "debut", Takashi Miike is already creating many aspects of the films that he making-of here on social issues such as the black market trade of goods, in this case the human organs usually by children. nostalgia for childhood and its roots, which was especially prevalent in the Dead or Alive 2; flipping-of-nose taboo as sex and orientation (satire) rape / violence against women; cold blood of violence. This, of course, not as surreal as some of the most recent Miike movies, but it is expected, as it tries of the things that he is just beginning to learn to follow the track straight to video programmer. He has all these qualities, and it, too, like movies, arising out of it, just as wild and heart, crazy (in points) and sardonic in his drama, and solid for fans of the genre. <br /> <br /> the story of two brothers, one a Chinese orphan, raised in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriy (PPRC Shiying, pretty decent as Eastwood squire anti-hero / hero), who became a detective, and another who became a gangster whether -be one. The main arch is probably capturing the gang comes from Van (defined pun that the gang is during his spare time, played by Tomo Taguchi as a typical Wacko with real horror in the eyes), and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, which threatens even if just repeating order again and again to a woman who has just had her eyes PLUGGED next transaction acidic), which are born ruthless pop up almost organically in Miike film. There's some intrigue involving organ trafficking scheme with the bandits, who Kiri almost becomes a victim, and the tendency of the gang gay gender, with at least one small puppet of a kind that does what the major gangsters want. All this leads to revenge and redemption, qualities Miike and the author trying to emulate Shakespeare (Macbeth here and a little Van again and again washed his bloody hangs after some gay sex by saying "will not work"). <br /> <br /> If it does not add to the same level of emotional impact that Shakespeare big game will have, it is the order of the film as it is. Miike objectives will be met, although only just met, his small-scale ambitions: the gangster picture with some additional levels of severe family problems (main tension between the brothers out of the profession and duties in relation to parents), notes on the hard aspects of the grave crime, and that the scope unrepentant sex with both sexes, reveals psychological in character. At the same time, of Shinjuku Triad Society also contains more than a few moments of classic caustic black comedy from the creative Miike. Some of them just need to be taken with a grain of salt, in order that the director does in his outrageous as a bit in the beginning with a chair, breaking on the face, or the randomness of "interrogation", as it is in a very twisted area. There's even laugh out loud lines of young sex slave after the act is one of the bosses ". Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger» Miike and its author is not enough here to make a movie full-on black comedies like Ichi or Of course, visitors to the Q, but enough to bring proper levity in the dark aspects of the story and characters. <, Br /> <br /> in the first record of the trilogy «Black Society», as it is called, I was very impressed, and that's fine quasi-card of one of the craziest new artists in contemporary cinema.
