The man and his wife get into a horrible car accident. When the wife is in a persistent vegetative state, a person has to choose between pulling the plug and let her live. The decision becomes even more complicated when he realizes that her ghost wants to get revenge on him and those around him. <br /> <br /> It comes to us from director Rob Schmidt, who made «Wrong Turn» (a film I have not seen). With only one horror movie under his belt, and is not particularly notorious one that I was a bit reluctant to watch this episode, waiting for Schmidt to be "Masters of Horror" only in the most liberal sense. My apologies to him for my underestimation. As the episode 10 in season 13 episode, it was actually the best one yet. <br /> <br /> The question of the "right to die" is considered and covered in sufficient detail to be a solid portion of the apparatus. However, this is only the foundation on which the story revolves. After the horror elements show that the film comes from "decent" to "spectacular." Great performances, great story, great dialogue, great uncertainty. I was a little creeped at a time (which is good), and most of all: the gore is in extreme abundance! I read a review of this episode to start watching it, where the reviewer said that there is a strong hint on «Hellraiser» in it. Thanks to the first part of the show, I had no idea what they were saying. Then there is a little later, when some of the images do remind me «Hellraiser 2". However, I in no way wanted to say that it takes away from the movie. I do not see any other way to create an effect that was created, and, in my opinion, it looks weird better than «Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some plot twists emerge later, and can offer the viewer to give the film a second look. I have not watched it a second time, but I think it will start to make more sense if I was (not that it is confusing). Podagovor a hygienist as well, and I found that goes back and forth as to whether I was the protagonist for his relationship with it did not like, or if I felt bad for him. He is more of an anti-hero for the rest of the story, if you will. I feel inclined to root for him as a main character, but he is very unsightly. <br /> <br /> While Stuart Gordon episode could be better, and I'm glad the episode "The Washingtonians" I think I could easily argue that it is a key episode of the season and, of course, the saving grace that was otherwise dull and routine. If legends like John Carpenter let me down (again) I'm a little worried about the future of the genre, but a fresh face, Rob Schmidt comes and gives me hope. This is one keeper, and, please bring Schmidt back in season 3!
