Stargate SG-1 follows and extends Egyptian mythology presented in Stargate. In the Stargate universe, the people were enslaved and transported to the inhabited planets Goauldam such as Ra and Apophis. For millennia, mankind Goauldy collected, strongly influences and dissemination of human cultures. As a result, the Earth's culture, such as those the Aztecs, the Mayans, the Britons, Norwegians, Mongols, Greeks and Romans found throughout the known inhabited planets in the galaxy. Many well-known mythical places such as Avalon, Camelot, Atlantis and found, or there at one time. <br /> <br /> Currently, the Stargate of the Earth (found at the excavation site near Giza in 1928) is located in the top-secret US military bases, known as the SGC (Stargate Command) under Cheyenne Mountain. Colonel ONill (Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (shank), Captain Samantha Carter (touch) and Teal'c (Judge) is the original SG-1 team (more characters to join and / or leave the team in the next season). Together with 24 other teams of the SG, they venture to distant planets, they explore the galaxy and seek protection from Goauldov, in the forms of technology and alliances with friendly development of races. <br /> <br /> parasitic Goauldov use advanced technology to cast himself as the Egyptian gods, and are bent on galactic conquest and eternal worship. During the first eight seasons, Goauldy are the main antagonists. They dew highly intelligent, ruthless serpentine alien parasites that can invade and control bodies of other species, including humans. The original arch-enemy of the race was a system lord Apophis (Peter Williams). Other Lords of the system, such as Baal and Anubis to play major roles in the following seasons. In the ninth season, a new villain out, Ori. Ori advanced beings with incomprehensible technology from another galaxy, also bent on galactic conquest and eternal worship. Introduction Ori accompanies the departure from the primary focus on Egyptian mythology to the study of Arthur mythology surrounding the Ori, their followers and the enemy ?? Ancient.
