Masters of Horror: Right to Die starts late at night as a married couple Abby (Julia Anderson) and CIFF Addison (Martin Donovan) are driving home, but during the conversation Cliff diverted and crashed into a tree that had fallen across the road. Airbag Cliff works well and it goes away with minor injuries, unfortunately, it is not Abby and she ended up as a toast when she was thrown from the car and doused with gasoline to set fire burning her body. Abby's life is saved, simply. She is taken to hospital, where she is on life support in serious injury and horribly disfigured by burns. Cliff decides that she must die, his selfish lawyer Ira (Burns) believes that they should allow Abby to die, to sue the car manufacturer, and get rich while mom Abby Pam (Linda Sorenson) wants to blame Cliff, get rich and save Abby. But Abby has other plans for her own ... <br /> <br /> This American Canadian co-production was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror film before was Wrong Turn (2003), which in itself is hardly qualifies him to direct episodes of Masters horror) was episode 9 of season 2 workmen horror television series, while I do not think that the right to die was the best Masters of horror episode I saw, I thought it was a decent enough effort yet and still not It comes close to as bad as Screwfly Solution (2006). Scenario John Esposito has a neat central idea that there is nothing new, but he uses it quite effectively, although I would say that it is a bit uneven, the first 15 minutes of it focuses on the element of horror stories, but then it goes into a lull for 20 seconds plus minutes, as it becomes the drama as the wrangling life Abby kept Cliff, having center stage of the selection, before he gets back to track its delicious bloody and twisted climax, which may not be for the faint of heart, a character a bit formulaic, weak man, bent lawyer protective mother and a young tart who has sex to get what she wants, but they serve their purpose quite well, OK dialogue, the story is moving forward at a good pace and overall I liked it right to die except for a few minutes here and there where it loses it's focus a little bit and I was not that captured the ambiguous ending. <br /> <br /> Director Schmidt is doing a good job and there are some effective scenes, it tries to alternate the low key atmosphere and eerie-and-out of the blood and gore. There are some fantastic special makeup effects, as usual, there are shots Abbey, where she was all skin burned her body & image of her bandaged head with teeth, showing that it has not left his lips not very gross (image and make-up effects that remind me about such scenes in Hellraiser (1987) and its sequels), that is the main course in the end, where Cliff literally hides someone complete with close-up of a scalpel cutting open the skin and peeling it from the muscles and put it in a cool box! Very messy. There are also a variety of assorted parts of the body. There's some nudity here, as well as at least a pair of pretty girls undressing ... <br /> <br /> Right to Die Technically perfect, the special effects are brilliant and, like most of the Masters of Horror episodes, he does not look like a cheap made for TV show, which, in principle, if the truth be told it. The acting was good, but there are no big "names" in this. <br /> <br /> Right to Die is another pleasant and twisted a few masters of horror episode that most horror fans should definitely check if the skinning is not only an incredible scene! Well worth a look ... for those with the stomach.
