I'm not quite sure what Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "Master" in the horror genre, as he had previously only directed a horror film called «Wrong Turn» and that one was really just was a little above mediocre, but the fact is, what he did with the "right to die", one of the best and terrible episodes of the entire second season of "Masters of horror" franchise. There was a similar story who lost in the first season, when William Malone made on the best episodes of «The Fair hairy child", although his other long feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on the Hill ghosts" sucked really bad. <, Br /> <br /> history of the "right to die" skillfully selects currently on piping hot public debate euthanasia, but fortunately, also has a few old-fashioned horror themes like ghostly revenge, murderous orders pitch humor and comic book in style violence. While driving home late at night and discuss continuous adulterous husband, Addison a couple involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff walks away from the wreck unharmed, but his wife Abby completely burned and must be alive artificially. While Cliff and his sneaky lawyer (Burns "Dentist") want to connect plug it and sue the car designer, Abbey Mom creates a huge media campaign to keep her daughter alive, as vegetables and blame everything on Cliff. At the same time hated the spirit of the Abbey returns for revenge and kills someone in Cliff surrounding each time she has a nearly fatal experience with medical instruments. After a few victims, Cliff realizes that it may be safer for him to keep his wife alive, if he wants to stay alive, as well. "Right to Die" is a huge episode and that is the type of material that I had always hoped to see the concept of TV series such as "Masters of Horror." This violent and mountain with a sick and twisted sense of humor and loads of song sequences. The theme of euthanasia and all mandatory media circus that surrounds him are processed in a scenario very well, but without undue return to political viewpoints or moral lessons. Atmosphere and disturbing killing sequences are suitably unpleasant and disturbing. Actresses Julie Anderson and Robin Sydney both have a beautiful face and voluptuous clearly stand which is always a welcome plus, and Bernsno finally offered the chance to again display the mean and egocentric monster. Great episode "MZ"; definitely one of the highlights of both seasons.
