It is strange that from a good, though not very good, the film made back in the early nineties, the whole franchise can grow. "Stargate; SG1 ', without a doubt, a worthy addition to the genre of science fiction and has the right to stand shoulder to shoulder with the "Star Trek" as kings of science fiction. <br /> <br /> following the 1994 feature film "Stargate", this series see Stargate command (military / scientific institutions) figuring that Stargate system can be used to travel to different planets throughout the galaxy and beyond and the military sets the number of teams to investigate. SG1 is one such team, led by a military veteran Colonel Jack O'Neill, and includes archaeologist Dr. Daniel Jackson, a military scientist Captain Samantha Carter and alien Tilk, who betrayed his suzerain leaders in the hope of one day to liberate his people. The earth is quickly making Goauldov enemy, a parasitic race that use humans as hosts and consider themselves equal to the gods. <br /> <br /> top-notch cast a lot to be congratulated in bringing this show life. Richard Dean Anderson perfect as cynical and sarcastic O'Neal, who can go on to the boy's deadly in the blink of an eye. Michael Shanks as Daniel, brings the heart and will to become a character who grew up with wide-eyed innocence darker and all-seeing, as shown progressed. Tapping as Carter, improved balance between the feminine image of her character, which does not contain the fact that she is a strong, intelligent military exercises. Christopher Judge as beautiful as aloof Tilkom, which is able to reflect the emotions of the character with subtlety. And Don S Davis is ideally suited as the venerable General Hammond, who leads with a good balance of fairness and firmness. <br /> <br /> Almost all the episodes involve and reflect with intelligence, thinking about moral issues, as well as friction between military interests and civil convictions (often manifested through disputes between O'Neal and Jackson). Guest characters strongly represented and story arc processed in such a way that the viewer is not given birth. SG1 also excels in humor, jokes O'Neill to episodes that are just silly and surprising! SG1 has everything from action to drama to romance suspense to the heartbreaking death scene. This is not only a great sci-fi show, but it is a great show, as a whole.
