Tim Krabbé is praised by the author «Het Gouden Ei», a novel that has been put on the screen twice ( «Spoorloos» and «The Vanishing»). One of the late works of the Dutch writer is "De Groot", a psychological thriller about two very different people, and by Egon of Axel, who met at a youth camp, and, oddly enough, become friends for life. Egon quiet, somewhat dull man who spends his time researching and writing books geography. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic "party-animal," heavy drinking offender whose care each day to get a woman in her bedroom. From the moment they meet, of Axel has a strong influence on by Egon, while the latter was jealous of him, because he has a good life, without really doing anything (for example, reading a thick book like Egon); ultimately, Egon Egon even pulled an illegal practice that leads to a lethal drug transport in a distant Asian country. <br /> <br /> After having read the book last year, I was surprised that the critics were very positive about it. In my opinion, the book suffers from a particularly complex structure. While Crabb is history as absorbing portrait of the outstanding relationship between two people, the plot becomes more puzzles: many scenes are not presented in chronological order, so that the two consecutive scenes are rarely in one episode. Because of this, the story feels weird remote: you often need to know the background of the character really care about him or her. Another complaint was that the main characters, Egon and of Axel, a bit stereotypical. Egon is a "" stupid intellectual, while Axel its complete opposite. In real life, such one-dimensional people rarely exist; in books and films, they always seem to be there, taking a lot of confidence. <br /> <br /> Despite all this, the film was a pleasant surprise, being much better than the book. Adapting a leader in its beautiful cinematography, humor and action: Fedja van Hue (by Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget that it works (which, in my opinion, the highest actor can achieve). Disadvantages of the film, however, are the same as the book: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that it becomes annoying. Guess who wrote the script? Indeed, Crabbe himself. Obviously, this talented director (this is what the film is clear in any case) prevents deficient scenario. Perhaps Koolhoven, simply choose the best book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
