Rumors memorable entry in the series during the war educational cartoons starring «Private confusion." The films were directed at military and were directed, animated and killed some of the most talented of Warner Bros. "Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones, and Carl Stalling. Invaluable Mel Blanc put voice to Snafu, and the history and narrative rhymes for many of the films served Theodor Geisel, ie Dr. Seuss. The idea was to convey the basic concepts with humor and vivid images using Snafu character as a perfect negative example: he was a dope, a little ham, that will do everything you should not do. According to Chuck Jones' script they had to be approved by Pentagon officials, but the army brass is also allowed the animators an unusual amount of freedom in terms of language and bawdy jokes, of course, more than a theatrical time censorship is allow-- all for the greater good, of course. <br /> <br /> As the name would imply, this cartoon is an illustration of lethal force by the rumors. Installation is a military camp. Private Snafu is sitting next to another soldier in the toilet (something you will not see in any other era Hollywood movies) and their casual conversation starts the ball rolling. We see how off the cuff remark about the explosion wrongly interpreted, it is exaggerated, and then turned into a frightening rumor that sweeps the camp. Image really striking: the brain anxiety soldier depicted as a leaking pot, while the other feverish speech is visualized as vaporized hot air, that is, "air balloon juice" soldier "shot his mouth off," cannon style, and before you know it. its actual stupidity is flying in every direction. Winged stupidity while. panicked soldiers say to one another that the Brooklyn bridge was crushed, Coney Island destroyed the enemy forces landed on the White house lawn, and Japanese in California. Visual becoming more surreal and ghostly until finally, in the camp is not quarantined "rumor-itis" and Private Snafu was closed padded cell. <br /> <br /> This is a very efficient operation. The filmmakers dramatize his subject with intelligence and amazing energy, but the message is still valid one. In recent years we have seen that the catastrophic events (real or perceived) can reproduce all kinds of wild rumors, which spread faster than ever thanks to the achievements of communication. As technology has improved, of Private unforeseen our time can broadcast your own balloon juice via e-mail, mobile phones, and a blog. Thus, rumors is a rare example of military training film, whose main message does not feel at all from; in fact, it could be more timely than ever.
