The beauty of this film is expressed in a large drawing power of mother love, the exclusive use of established performance and very innovative scenario. The film tells the story of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband and small child Shekhar Raj. Suddenly, her husband tells her that his family in India (of which she did not even know) in trouble and a couple peak in India. If they get to the village, Nanadini shocked and horrified witness very wild rural culture; Shekhar family in guided his tough, very cynical and ruthless father Narasimha, living poorly and very violent way of life, which is full of murder and terror, and where women are subordinate and helpless. Nandini saw Shekhar starts to return home, but he was soon killed by the enemies of his father. If she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to allow her to take back to India Raj. Here begins the intense competition, which may be called "Nandini against Narasimha" />. <br /> <br India is not presented in a particularly favorable light in this film, but it shows only a very small minority of its rural areas, so that it may even be right. The image in my view, not true one-sidedly, since the positive side as represented in some degree. Something terrible could show the movie on any country in the world. Strange place, great music, and the direction of Krishna Vamsi is a highly efficient automated cinema and good editing. One thing to note, this is a very pleasant background score ear Ismail Darbar, it's beautiful. The characters are very well defined, but we get to see both their light and dark sides in different parts of the movie. Portrayed realistically around, the movie is going well and is an interesting and rather interesting hour. His dialogue is fine and well-written, and although shocking procedure can be very disturbing at some points, a lot of positive points are obtained to ease tensions. <br /> <br /> the biggest strength of the film is the performance. Karisma Kapoor is breathtaking and very believable as Nandini. Its ability to maintain a balance between vulnerability and uncontrollable emotions just incredible. It shows so much intensity, impulsivity, depression and determination, as a mother who wants her son back, that this little baby seems to be her own son. It flashes while facing off Nana Patekar that as volcanic eruptions, show us how the simplest of women can be a tigress when it comes to their child. After Fiza, this is her most powerful performance. One of the greatest actors of Indian cinema saw Nana Patekar indescribable as Narasimha. He manages to be hated as Narasimha still enviable as the actor who plays him. Patekar shows cruelty, wit and humanity even with complete conviction. He is outstanding. Another great performance comes from the most amazing actress underestimated India, Deepti Naval, which sensitizes her character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is only adequate and Shahrukh Khan provides a great comic. Anyway, watch Shakti - it might be better, but it's definitely a must-see.
