A strong woman-oriented subject matter after how long, directed by Krishna WAYS in Shakti- Force version desi in Hollywood not hit without my daughter's first home production actress Sridevi. A story about the struggle of women against stiff injustice. <br /> <br /> The plot of the film revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor), who lives in Canada with his two uncles (Tiku Talsaniya, Jaspal Bhatti). There she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor) falls in love with him and they soon married. Their family is complete, if Nandini has a boy, Raj (Master Jai Zhidvani). But their happiness is short-lived, as the news sick mother Shekhar (in Deepti Naval) make them leave his perfect life in Canada and to come to India. And that's when the problems begin. From the moment when they reach <br /> <br /> India, both shocked to see pollution and the huge crowds of people around the world. They take the crowded train to get to the village of Shekhar, and when they finally get to the station, they have to catch the long bus drive to his village. Dirty sweaty bus in combination with the uncertain terrain makes it an endless drive. And, unfortunately for them, the Madding Crowd, which beat Shekhar from the mold without any fault of his attack their bus. Fortunately, they get shot just in time, before they can harm him in the future. After that, they lead to the handing Havel, where his father Shekhar '' s, Narasimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that her father-in command as soon as it enters the place, but her only comfort her mother-in-law warm welcome. <br /> <br /> Life is there, Nandini finds out his father-in-laws are tyrannical behavior and realize that the ruthless murder of a way of life for him. The next day, she sees her father in law to teach his son to throw a bomb, it loses and pounces on him, insisting that Shekhar that they return to Canada. But the terror strikes again when Shekhar is killed one day, leaving broken Nandini alone with his son in this strange land where she harrows tough father-in-law. Her struggle against the man to save his son, making the climax of this emotional wrenching film. <br /> <br /> What distinguishes Shakti most films ran late and rural setting of the film, the only drawback is the music of Ismail Darbar ', which is not able to rise above the script. The only saving grace is the sexy item number Ishq Kameena, which was drawn up well, Malik. Other pet for the director comes because he has found some great performances out of his actors. Karisma Kapoor lives of the film and gave a moving job as a helpless mother. She is sure to win awards for it's warmed image. Secondly, actor Nana Patekar, who returned with a bang with this film. His uncouth manners fit it to the hilt, and he once again showed his versatility with this role. Sanjay Kapoor movie is a surprise package with a sincere and effective image that confronts both the other actors. Deepti Naval is also in great shape, and its Pr-the culmination of a showdown with the newly commendable. cameo Shahruaya provide lighter moments and, of course, he was dragged to attain the required stars. Although its role is not really required, he did it well. In general, the film Shakti far superior than most churned out these days and hype Pr-release sure to get a good opening. Shakti is necessarily to get the critics and audiences thumps up. So, if you want desperately to cut off at least 2 drums, to movie better exposure. Shakti also has the right to go off without a hitch!
