If any film released exclusively acting skills of actors, this is probably the one. I have never seen such a dialogue to speak in a rough way, but who has a strong sense. The film is disturbing at times. However, the film was horrible when editing. The film tries to go commercial by adding comedy and songs, but they feel out of place. As Karisma getting beat, and while SRK is struggling (comically) with the police. The song Ishq Kamina was very ridiculous. In addition, the film is too glossy in the beginning. The direction was not bad, but certainly nothing you can brag about. <br /> <br /> I have to say, that have been chosen very wisely actors. Without them, this film would not have an impact. Karisma Kapoor gave her best role to date, and it looks really good on its record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. She looks in the first half of the year, and I've never seen an actress squeal emotions and anger, as well as her. The funny thing is that this is probably the weakest part is written today. Nana Patekar was as beautiful as her father-in-law. Not much to say about him, in addition, this role is made for him. Deepti Naval as the mother-in-was very rich, especially in its final stage. Although it is not much to say, her facial expressions and body language well. Another good performance was a little kid. He was great, and will surely bring tears to the eyes of the viewer. The film probably saved their desperate performances. Sanjay Kapoor was all right, but he did not have much. Shahrukh Khan wasted his bad roles boyish type. <br /> <br /> One thing that led the audience in the theater was Ishq Kamina. Picturization songs and dances is ideal for raw lyrics. And boy Aish mad hot. Nevertheless, the song ought to be in another movie just because it came at the wrong time in history. People can come to the cinema for Aish, but they will not boast too much about it after wards. Hum Tum Miley was properly walked, but seemed to drag in the dark mood leaves throughout the film. Damroo bhazh was boring and nothing to rave about. Dil Ne Pukara too sad songs to get the mood of the film. Despite the poor editing, performances alone make it a must see.
