On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of the new sci-fi series called "Stargate SG-1" was featured on Showtime. Spin-off, and the sequel to the 1994 film "Stargate" starring Kurt Russell and James Spader, the series starts about one year after the events depicted in the film. In the ten seasons, he chronicles the adventures and misadventures of a fearless team of researchers, known as SG- 1. The original series starred Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack ONill (two "l» s!), Michael Shanks as Dr. Daniel Jackson, Tapping as captain Samantha Carter, Christopher judge as the Tilkom and Don S. Davis as Major General George S. Hammond. for ten long years, we have watched the team battle against Goauldov, replicator, Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time, they forged alliances with Asgard, tokrom, rebel Jaffa in Nox and Tollan. They saved the world no less than eight times over the years and never give up, to death did not claim them. and sometimes not even then. <br /> <br /> As with all long-running series, they have been numerous changes in the throw. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 to the end of its fifth season to broaden their horizons as an actor. Daniel Jackson's successor as team resident archaeologist / freak was Jonas Quinn, a foreigner from the country under the name of Kelowna on the planet Langara, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned to the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003, and the German left at the same time. Unfortunately, he made only one further guest appearance and his character rarely mentioned after. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004, when he felt that it was time for him to go. the original star of the show, and perhaps his most popular actor Richard Dean Anderson, starring in the series during its first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eight seasons was significantly lower than in previous seasons. In the end he left «SG-1" in March 2005 to spend more time with his then six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was by far my favorite character in the series and, in truth, I've never used the past two seasons as much as I did earlier episodes for this reason. <br /> <br /> ninth season represents a new era for the program. With the departure of its lead actor and defeat Goauldov and replicator in season eight, many fans believe that the series should go out on a high. Regardless of whether the series has led for two years with the Ori replacement Goa'uld as the main opponents of the series. Three new characters have been introduced to fill the gaps, as it were, and help usher in this re-invention. Ben Browder came as a daring pilot Southern Air Force Lt. Col. Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1. His «Farscape» co-star, the lovely Claudia Black, began to play a significant role in the series as a lively, sexy, fun and, of course, extroversion Val Small Doran, former owner and Goauldy scammer from another planet. Recurring guest star during the eighth and ninth seasons, she joined the cast full-time at the beginning of its tenth and final season. Rounding off the cast was the legendary After Bridges as Major General Hank Landry the new commander of the SGC, and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. In the past two years, they were shot with "SG-1" is true (Shanks, Tapping and Christopher Judge) and become valuable parts and equally valuable contribution to the Stargate franchise. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end. During initial broadcast the first few episodes of season ten, ratings declined significantly, which led to the cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream finally ended. March 13, 2007, which started with the "Children of the Gods" finished "Infinite". The series finale made its world premiere on Sky One in the UK and Ireland before shown in the Sci-Fi Channel in the US June 22, 2007 <br /> <br /> During the ten years that the series was on the air, he has amassed legions of fans and even eclipsed fiction series science, "Star Trek", in terms of popularity in certain countries. He became the second longest running sci-fi series in the world, second only to "Doctor Who" (1963-1989), and the longest-running American-made sci-fi series, ahead of "the X-Files," only a few months before its composition. <br /> <br /> «Stargate SG-1" is the cornerstone of the franchise, "Stargate". In 2004, its success and popularity has led to the production of a series of spin-off series called "Stargate: Atlantis", which, unfortunately, has been canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans another film failed, two direct -dvd to the movies, "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum", was released in 2008 and it is planned in the not too distant future. The third series of live-action, «Stargate Universe», also due to premiere at some point next year. (There was, unfortunately, an animated series, "Stargate Infinity", which took place only from 2002 to 2003, but less said about that the better). Despite the end of "the SG-1" and "Atlantis" as a continuation of the series, the future of "the Stargate" looks very bright indeed. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, while "Stargate" is still to get the same degree of popular recognition in the other major science fiction television franchise, such as "Star Trek" and "Dr. who ", it is still relatively new in comparison with the two giants of science fiction, and I am absolutely confident that this will continue for many years to come.
