Uneven Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor well as Indian woman in Canada, married to one (Sanjay Kapoor) has a child, and then visits her family in India only to find that they are terrorist warlords. Drama and tragedy comes, and the film becomes a kind NOT WITHOUT MY CHILD thriller style. The film is compelling, his few songs / dances are not interested in and of themselves, the gaity Bollywood song and dance is really out of character for the intensity of the drama of the film, at least, once we left the comforting confines of his Canadian love nest ?? although a number of cameo featuring stunning Aishwarya Rai is a provocative pleased when finally the absurd as well. In addition, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as carefree vagabond who helps Kapoor in her escape from the clutches of the commander turns out that it was very serious drama at a wacky farce, and it only gets to his feet when his character ?? and his fantasy of Paradise, her generative miniature dance ?? dispensed with. His throw comic dialogue and stupidity of his fights detract from the primary exciting drama of the film. Actor Nana Patekar beautifully maintained as a military leader and elegant Deepti Naval, which is outstanding, his long-suffering wife, who eventually Choses stand against him in one of the best scenes of the film; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki is also very good as the sister of Sanjay in India, and a very nice eye candy. But the Sanjay overacts scary, especially when explicit ad-LIBS. Directing style of writer / director Krishna Wamsi unkempt, rampant with rough transitions and abrupt cuts, although its camera movement well. Musical Underscore is also very effective, moody, showing wordless female voice over a small orchestral ensemble (too bad little if any of this has made it on the soundtrack CD Shakti, but Bollywood has not discovered the value of including the assessment along with songs on their soundtrack albums, at least in most cases). But Shakti Kapoor film KARISMA, all the way, though, and the intensity of her work after the film moves to India contrasts beautifully with tender romance with which she deals with Sanjay in the initial stages of Canada. Despite the inequality of the big picture, KARISMA performance completely sells film and strengthens its otherwise inconsistent measures. In a strange way, in addition, I found this story to be a different take on window dressing royalty, I noticed Curse of the Golden Flower and MARIE Antoinette, both of which I've only seen before, although SHAKTI certainly has a very different kind of film; but the emphasis on the unfortunate royal family ?? here live below the poverty severity terrorism control in India, rather than elegance of Versailles or massive megalomania feudal Chinese Tang Dynasty ?? whose selfish quest for power brings death to many others and causes a revolt of a form provides the film with notable overtones.
