If a rich tycoon died in a plane crash, his unmarried twin sister, March Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe that he took control in the suicide dive (though one on snuff runs in the family), but his three beautiful daughter could not care less. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes), which soon causes him to help her control the estate Wrest from her caring sister, Lorna (Sara Shane) and family lawyer (Jess Barker ), by Valerie wants Lorna Norton seduce, if it is not fending off advances another sister, the nymphet Vicki (Marla English), but her plans are thrown into a tailspin when Norton falls on its prey. All bets are off, as the world of the mountain including corporate chicanery, temptation, suicide, blackmail, murder plot, manna Act, double crosses, disfigurement and poetic justice- suffer «Craig Manor», a large mansion on a bluff overlooking the sea ... <br /> <br /> This is ridiculous trash would make an ideal second function for written on WIND, and the saga of Douglas Sirk in 1956. powerful (and powerfully dysfunctional) oil clan was said inspired by the 1980s television series DALLAS but low-grade night Craig excursions in madness, seems right out of his sinful SNF Dr. soap Dynasty. All three children (only one of them really bad), big handsome, but that Kathleen Hughes cartoon villainy, that stands out. Valerie is relentless in his quest to inherit the family fortune and her unbridled enthusiasm of evil is one of the many guilty pleasures of the film. Teenage sister Vicki is quite a piece of work, and reminds Carmen Sternwood more sleep. When they met for the first time, she pulls the equivalent of trying to sit on the lap of Norton, while it's still worth coming to him with the line "I graduated with honors from the arms of opportunities U.»! Uff <br /> <br /> THREE SISTERS BAD, made schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, stunning trash wallows in operation over and bringing B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, 50s hunk John "Revenge" being Bromfield ( once married French sexpot Corina Calvet), sterlet universal Sarah Shane (expressed Hedy Lamarr), Jess, "Mr. Susan Hayward» Barker, Kathleen "It came from outer space," Hughes, and former silent screen stars Madge Kennedy give it everything they got -however much or how little that is. Future Eurotrash star Brett Halsey (pipes Revelation) briefly considered as one of Vicki victims <br /> <br /> rating B-Movie :. Marley 10/10 (and her body in English) has made great movies! THREE SISTERS BAD was recently seen on the big screen as part of the festival Springs Film Noir Palma, but the jury is still wiping suds from ... aw heck, this noir (5/10 to noirometer).
