Most yetite photos fatally blasted a serious shortage of energy and enthusiasm. Not so nice is bent, touched and furious over-topom Italian production shot-in-Canada kitsch gut buster: This wildly energetic and ripe stupid terrible surprise, reaching a stunning apotheosis of righteousness over baked ", what the hell is going on? "The abnormal excess and meaningless. <br /> <br /> crew of a cargo ship discovers the body of a 30-foot Bigfoot-like hairy 70 pin drive (complete with jumbo wavy AFRO), perfectly preserved in a large piece of ice. They dethaw beast to shake him back to life with electric charges, brutally tortured him, and keep poor hairy Goliath in a huge glass stand. Before you can say, "Hey, the filmmakers obviously frustrating," King Kong "," our titanic disgusting snowdude beats his cell captures first juicy nubile vixen blonde euro (Pheonix lovely Grant), he lays the lustful eyes, and storm away with her new lover. Yeti gets caught and brought to Toronto to be boasted to the peer audience. of course, he hits again, the NABS foxes, and goes on coming stomping around the city excitement <br /> <br /> sublimely silly dialogue (sample line: "Philosophy has no place in science, professor"). , Cheese (away from) the special effects (awful transparent blue screen work and Cruddy thin toy miniatures especially violent in their very stunning terrible), clumsy (MIS) direction, and the heavy-handed script, which even try awkwardly sincere "whether man or Yeti an animal? "ethical debate all come together to create one of the single most beautifully funny-clicking a giant monster, ever ditch his absurd way through the big screen. Moreover, we also have some funky unusual touches to add extra spice to the trash already juicy schlocky cinematic brew: Fox accidentally brush against one of yetite nipple, causing it to harden and cause large, leering grin of approval from the lecherous hippopotamus ( !); Fox nurses wounded yeti hand until it makes a sticky-SUM eyes on her, Yeti smashes the window with his feet, climbing tower office building, and fluffy guy even break a person's neck with his fingers (!!). In general, it is particularly bizarre and disgraceful to be unplanned camp classic rise as a great monolith is contagious donkey celluloid fainting, it is eminently worthy of a significant hardcore underground cult.
