Here is another film that must be loaded in the satellite shot into space, and pointed in the direction of the Andromeda galaxy to show further possibilities of a better civilization of mankind. This film is so affectionately stupid and exposed honest is a little more than a rip-off of bad classic film King Kong in 1976, he not only manages to outshine the film in terms of sheer belly laugh idiotic the goofiness, but successfully predicted many helpless in 2005 Peter Jackson's computer cartoon of the same name, as far as the "romance" between giant (here Yeti) and a beautiful human female (Antonellina Interlenghi CITY Umberto LENZI in the living dead, which is very easy. eye) <br /> <br /> film It was made for both children away from Necati oh understatement of fish bones and bizarre nipple tweak to say goodbye, you can forget about sex - Yeti even have a kind of giant jock strap to cover his monstrous package, resulting in even more fun than the anatomically correct. But, as a compromise, you get a silly old scientist, two inquisitive children, Tony Kendall, in a rare turn as the duplicitous bastard villain, useful smart collie who gets to have your own adventure (Dog Adventure films were big in Europe for a while) and, of course, it serves as the main character at the end to save the Yeti, which is a nice guy, nice material as the front loaders decorated to look like a giant ape hands, the monster, which is the size just change the scale from shot to shot, inappropriately some the terrible death that will make the massacre in GODZILLA VS can MONSTER look manual comparison of reaction-Plenty Boom crowd with or Spanish, Italian or Canadian extras depending on the scene (you can sort to say where they were shooting from the way extras dressed), and some of the most enthusiastically delivered but clumsy special effects work ever in the giant ape movie <br /> <br /> It is here that the film won me :. It's just the enthusiasm for what she de. Frank Kramer actually the same Gianfranco Parolini, which brought the world Sartana in 1968 and GUN GOD the year before and was a very important director of spaghetti westerns and action / adventure film genre scene from the 1960s / 1970s, and YETI that time he was probably glad to get the job done. I would say that this is his most daring film ever, or rather, one which he took the greatest chances with, and may feel more comfortable with those odds with a film aimed at children and families. The film looks like a rash before it was done, making technical errors or discrepancies completely pointless. Or, rather, they are part of the fun, and when the film was played seriously would not work - what exactly why Peter Jackson'S MOVIE sucks. <br /> <br /> He forgot to have fun with the material and allow him to dictate the outcome of using his army of stupid Power Macintosh pod people animator, and all these faults + clunkiness, YETI Kramer is actually closer to the spirit of why we watch movies like this, in part, to see the actors in costumes monkeys breaking miniature sets on the pavilions, but not smoothly animated insipid hours of nothing but hard disk space. I would rate it up there with KING KONG VERSUS Godzilla and IT! CURSE OF THE GREAT GOLEM as one of the most incredible movies nice giant monster rages ever. Because the film looks "fake" you can get the history and just makes fun stuff get destroyed, trampled, thrown and smashed. Knowing that and armed with fertile, energetic enthusiastic to have the chance to make a film, Parolini pulled out all the stops, and provides full bodied adventure that can get a little rough for some small Tykes, but the first film I ever share with their grandchildren, someday, when their stupid parents leave them with me for the weekend. This material is for the ages, and one of the most eloquent expressions of humanity ever commit to celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it is approximately ten minutes too long, but who cares, you only come around again, and I would like to go with a smile on his face.
