I saw it when it first came out on video, my little sister got it as a gift, and I'm probably 12 at the time ... What stood out for me was the lack of conflict in the middle of the film, which has so many films where the main heroes get angry at each other, because when it comes time to explain themselves, they just do not say one thing, that you are yelling at the screen, which would make sense of the whole transaction, that anyone reasonable intelligence would know to say. This is what I like most about the film, I think that the main characters do not do nasty things to each other midway through ... they do not break up and make up, they just grow like each other more as the film goes on. <br /> <br /> The two children together and, although they seem at first glance, from the opposite side of the track, they do not differ. Loui is really only a few middle-class child who needs to understand how lucky he is to have a family, and Cecilia was an upper class child, who just need to prove to his family that she was there, and they would have missed her if she left. Anyway, I saw this movie, which is located on Hulu and had to watch it again ... sure there are plot holes, if you analyze the scenario and there, and Woog weakling should not eat hot dogs, as they would be in herbivores reality. <, Br /> <br /> Now that detract from the film is unexpected scariness. Young children under the age of 5 are likely to be frightened by the Scenes with Dr. Screweyes. And to add to it half way through the movie (although it is quite obvious, in the first stage, he will make an appearance) is too cool ... there has to be a glimpse of him doing his show in the beginning of the film, it is possible to show that it is not so scary without dinosaurs. I believe that it simply did not have any actual real danger for the whole first half of the film, so it's a bit lacking continuity, when it appears in the second half. <br /> <br /> Given the target audience, who I'm sure you can not see is not so terrible animation and interactive questions ... I think I'll give him a pass on these factors, too, and just enjoy the story. This is a great film for the child, and that stick in your mind ... makes a kind of thinking about how you treat people, and it should be reviewed every 10 years, I think.
