Wow, a lot of opinions Devils experiment here. Excellent. My name is Steve and I'm running Unearthed Films. We just started to produce films Guinea Pig on DVD in North America. Now, before you ask why I write a review? Instead of asking why some people beat him. I am writing this review, because I love films Guinea Pig. Why do I love them, it's because they follow the throat and does not let go. I saw it all. Almost every horror movie, famous person, Argento, Fulci, BAS, Buttgereit. from each of the underground cult sensation every Hollywood blockbuster. I saw it all, and movies that stuck in my head was definitely the Guinea Pig films for many years. Why, because he's not trying to hide the reason why we watch horror movies in the first place. This review is for the devils of the experiment. I believe that is devoid of history, which suits me. Why do I watch horror movies? So I can see the blood and the blood and torture people. Devils experiment not only delivers, but it's all there. Clean pure violence. Yes, I love the story, but sometimes I just want to experiment Devils blood and delivers ten times. Why do people beat him. Because they like the story so that the torture and death of a person can be hidden behind the story. This is done to feel better. We all want the blood and the blood. It's just very hard to justify it if it is not wrapped around the story. Film Guinea Pig has historical significance for them, and they set up a final splash when they were released. <br /> <br /> I'm excited to be able to release one of the most famous horror series in the world, maybe I would not have to write this review, but then again maybe I should. My point of view is biased reason was their produce, but again it is not. I always tell people to find them and follow their way before I started Unearthed Films. Of course, it is exploitative and over the top, but that's not why we watch horror movies in the first place. Experiment Devils are not for everyone. It is for thrill seekers and gorehounds only. If you think Jason and Freddy Krueger movies movies strange then stick to those. But if your on the next level, and has seen it all, the Devils experiment for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for more than 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting and down right bizarre, rather than something to watch with my mother, if it is not absolutely great. Good luck, enjoy and never cease to live their lives.
