I'm a big fan of movies where people get cheated and House of Games close turret with "movies where people get conned" genre. In short, this is an exceptional thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat, providing interesting characters with a lot of levels, and never really without revealing what is happening, throwing many twists and surprises to completely disrupt what you just they saw. Film cons audience many times, and in spite of us, knowing this; it is still difficult to guess where he was going, and each turn off as a surprise. As mentioned, I'm a big fan of the cons in the movie and the story that follows a female psychiatrist who receives a patient with a huge debt to fellow gamblers. Then she goes to the gamblers in an attempt to free his patient, and in the way gets drawn into reading people's skill to pull off a con. <br /> <br /> The house is untidy game breathes the atmosphere everywhere, and David Mamet succeeds in creating an installation of his film in the underground levels of the city. The film also worked well, with all interested parties as a result of which the life and the credibility of their characters with great skill. Joe Mantegna stars as a rogue in the center of the film, and although his performance a bit under forged, it is always solid and believable, as the villain. Lindsay Crouse star next to it, as a psychiatrist seduced by his work, and again in its true role. It may not be the greatest looker, but at least she can act. Thus, the film accomplishes this story is the main star of the show, however, and you will surely be amazed by several times about how the film constantly manage to surprise and deceive the viewer. Sometimes it's almost like we're in the thick of things and be cheated by the swindler in the film. Another thing that is beautiful about this movie so that it shows viewers how to remove certain shortcomings, which is useful if you are interested in the twenty dollars, for example. In general, the House of the game is really the first driving speed thrills.
