David Mamet wrote and made his directorial debut with `House of Games," a rich character study psychological overtones, in which the psychiatrist was lured into the dark world of confidence in the game. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and wrote a best-selling novel «Driven». However, it is somewhat dissatisfied with their personal lives; there is a void, it can neither identify nor resolve, and ignites its vulnerability. If the patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), confided to her during a conversation that he owes a lot of money some of the players, and they're going to kill him if he does not pay, she decides to intervene on his behalf. This takes her to the `House of Games," seedy little dive where she meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic con man who wastes no time before enticing her into his world. Instead of `twenty-five large," Billy insisted that he owes Mike shows her the book and she is eight dollars. And Mike agrees with a clean sheet, if she agrees to give him a simple service that includes a card game, it takes place in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike is going to leave the room for a few minutes; while he left her job to oversee the `say 'one of the other players. By this time, not just Margaret, but the audience as well, hurt. Dialogue and Mamet's unique style and precise intonation with which his actors deliver their line mesmerizing. Mike leads Margaret through its unique, surreal domain of existence, and brings it into the intricacies of the game cheater, we ride right along with it. Since that first memorable meeting when he demonstrates that 'say' and how it works, lessons `short Conon," a stunning climax of the movie, Mamet keeps CON comes with perseverance, which is merciless. And nothing, than it seems. in the end, Margaret learns some tough lessons about life and human nature, and about themselves. it changes, and whether or not for the better is open to speculation. Mantegna absolutely riveting in the film, it provides all the nuances possible for complex nature, to be able to drive in . Al willingly in the shadow, and makes Kraus also turns in an excellent performance here, you feel hard to impermeable confusion covered by this calm, self-confident appearance, and when her experience with Mike induce changes in it, it makes you feel how deeply it has penetrated. she makes you believe that she is capable of, what she does, and makes you realize as well. Dynamic supporting cast includes Mike Nussbaum (Joe), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer) JT Walsh (Entrepreneur), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). `Game House is the quintessential Mamet; He wrote and directed a number of large-plays and movies, and will, no doubt, will adorn us more in the future. But this film is the one that defines it; and you can go to the dictionary and look it up. You will find it in the 'Excellence'. This is one great film that you do not want to miss. I rate this one 10/10.
