Jim Carrey is back to the same role he played in the mask, timid guy who is trying to get ahead in the world, but that seems to be plagued by bad luck. Even if he tries to help a homeless guy from a bunch of bullies harassed (and, of course, they must be Mexican, obviously), his good will towards their close wraps. In this case, it was not too difficult to predict what he's going to have a few angry hooligans, but I like the film says that such things should not be ignored. I remember an episode of the brilliant Michael Moore The Awful Truth, when they had a man lay down on the pavement and pretend to be dead and see who will actually stop and make sure he was okay. The results were not very promising, so it's nice to see someone in a movie is a good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey plays the role of Bruce Nolan, a nice guy mentioned above which all life seems to be falling apart. Or better yet, it seems to be breaking blows of bad luck as an asteroid entering the atmosphere (some metaphor that comes when Bruce miraculously finds a giant newspaper later in the film). Bruce almost 40 years, and all he has to show his position as a news reporter from the genus, which tells about such exciting news in the local bakery, which tends to bake the world's largest cookie. He is desperately trying to get a head anchor job at the TV station, but he loses himself in his hands in the air when he hears that the work went to his rival counterpart. You have to love how they just when opening the news to him a second before his first live report. Needless to say, he loses his temper live on one of the funniest scenes of the film. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman delivers excellent performance as the man himself, revealing God, whose infinite wisdom more affected by a massive talent as an actor Freeman. He is the kind of God who takes his job very seriously, but in a way, to advise his followers (as well as the viewers of the film), that there are times when you need to slow down and do some manual labor in life I love his line, that some of the happiest people in the world come home smelling to high heaven at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (there may be more than our share in America), who are so absorbed with their money and their property and their work, and all that they have completely lost touch with the natural side of himself as a man. <, Br /> <br /> One of the biggest advantages is the fact that the film is able to provide great advice for people in general, the improvement of their lives, and the message is clear and acceptable, regardless of the viewer's religion. I, for example, tend to reject organized religion in all forms, and I see God and Satan to be a metaphor for various aspects of nature and human psychology, rather than the actual numbers who have ever lived or continue to live. But despite the fact that I do not believe that God exists as a single unit overseeing the peace or a janitor, dressed all in white, who MOPS floor of his office in the center of their free time, I was able to evaluate those messages It was delivered in this film. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey movie to show this fantastic evolution, which binds them all together and makes Late look even better because you can see how far he's come. If you compare the films Bruce Almighty like Ace Ventura (both of which I loved by the way) or a lot of what he did before he got into the film, it's amazing how far he's come. He moved from a cheesy TV comedy cheesy comedy films of comedies that are really smart and sense as the film, as well as others, such as The Truman Show, Man on the Moon, and The Majestic (easily one of his greatest movies ever). Jim Carrey accurately moved with a bad comedy of his past to become one of the most important comic actors working today. <br /> <br /> Jennifer Aniston also once again provide the perfect complement to the film (as it is in the direction of the splitting of Office Space) as a friend of Bruce, which is becoming increasingly irritated by stress grows Bruce about his life and his negligence ask her to marry him. There is certainly some Base comedy in the film that does not really fit with the importance of the meaning of the film or the quality of delivery, such as a dog reading a newspaper on the toilet and all the monkey scene, but it was certainly a pleasure to see each Ace Ventura Spike do cameo. Stephen King knows very well, it's always nice to see familiar characters. It's almost like seeing family again. <br /> <br /> Bruce has the power of God for a certain period of time so that he could understand life a little better, and it says a lot about himself, if he uses the powers only for their own purposes, and not to help all people, who pray to him. What I love about this is that, as I said, religion is absent from my life, but I was able to watch it and learn a lot about yourself and think about what kind of things I would have done, if I had been given such authority. The film lets us know indirectly that way, which authorizes the message even more. <br /> <br /> The scenes that include news station is easily the most fun in the whole film, for example, the scene where Bruce loses its character of the anchor position, the scene Hoff (conveniently buried with an original birth certificate and a full set of dental records ), the scene where Bruce made a rival colleague to go with the mind of the camera, and my favorite, the ones at the beginning and end of training including a local bakery. The film has a lot of time for Carrey, to deliver excellent jokes, for example, when he says God (which shows that he is a janitor, owner, electrician, etc.), that his Christmas holidays should be real bashes, and be careful about drinking because it can give a lift home! I also loved the end when he says that behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. A little too precise, and as Gallagher would add, behind every great man is also surprised mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies out for a while, and probably only directly religious, I remember seeing that I wanted to buy on DVD, to add to my own collection. This comedy, written and performed in good taste, but with enough relatively low brow humor to keep the kids entertained. This informative comedy for the whole family, which is becoming rarer and rarer these days. In a world that is going to be flogged with another film American Pie And scary movie (which only scary because of their apparent barbaric idiocy), it's nice to see that there are still people who make comedies worth watching. Do not miss it.
