This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone, which actually includes some interesting ideas and clever stories (I note they are based on short stories). "Day of expertise" is set in the future, the year is not known, but in a place where they have a cake candle, illuminating itself, huge TV-looking "phones" that double as many other entertainment machines, and apply only to those of a certain age. . .a Examination day, the point where the 12-year-old to pass the government test required IQ. Baby story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) just celebrated his 12th birthday and intelligent child, so calm, even ready to take the test, he saw friends are easily and knows that he will excel on the basis of its classrooms. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, said that he was not to use his birthday wish to receive good grades, and while their reason is that they believe that he is capable of, and he should not have to worry no need, it's pretty obvious that they are concerned about. I'm not going to give in the final, but I will say this - there is a point where we get an idea of ​​what is to come, how far ass, why test a heavy object: the same evening (or other?) His parents ask Dickey he prefers to watch TV all night. By today's standards, we would be pleased, he said that he would prefer to read, not only because there is nothing worth watching ... but why would his family to ask it? Taste that promoted and encouraged in the future reminded me a little of the atmosphere from Harrison Bergenon (which I heard was not a great adaptation to the screen). I just wish they could provide the opening and closing of the narrative to make this theme as powerful as the man was obsolete. I have found that it is better than a short story was based. I have not read one that "Message Mercy" was founded on, but I would like, as it was interesting - a 16-year-old boy, LD, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) is suffering from a fever of dirty water that has always been a common in his hometown of Massachusetts ... but he can see through the eyes of a young woman suffering from the same type of Puritan fever, Charity Payne (Carey Noonann), who also considers himself able to experience what is happening around him. They both recovered, moreover, that it is typical for this to happen in 1985, but the relationship is not going away. Charity interesting sights and sounds, she writes in 1985, and each of them enjoying each other's company, especially Peter, who contributed grades in school enough to have always felt isolated from other students, even in college, he had to stay in one place, Rech takes an unexpected turn, though, if the Charity reveals some of these experiences to others who take it argues that the 13 colonies to break from England as a sign of witchcraft, added to the fact that she had been deprived by death of a fever (not time and in 1700). The two are trying to find a way to save her. The ending is sad, but there is an interesting time of the final, making it touch. Both segments of this episode involves a lot of pain, but both times, through the lesson / warning that sounds like something Rod to Sterling has already prepared and fun to make fun watching as a reminder of that friendship, love, and wisdom to do a lot. Probably 3/4 of this is not the theme, but somehow I think that all this would be approved by the Sterling team.
