Given the title, the first next to the quartet (1948) clearly decreases the amount of B. Somerset Moėm stories that contain film. The author is still administered episodes, but there is no epilogue at this time; Incidentally, while the original Compendium scenario only gave credit to R.C. Sheriff, here Maugham himself and held out his hand in the adaptation, as well as Noel Langley (although it is unclear whether they contributed to one segment each ever worked in unison). As might be expected, most of the crew of the quartet has been retained in the second game - although it also extends at least three actors, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the last two were the occasional role in an episode of the Quartet at called "Lady Colonel"). While TRIO in the end it turns out that less progress than its predecessor (slightly unbalanced third story, which occupies more than half the running time), it is still made with the utmost care, delivered with enthusiasm and a stellar cast solidly enjoyable. addition <br /> <br /> «servant" tells the story of the church clerk (James Hayter) - for which the title of the story is another word - who is fired after 17 years of service on the new parish priest (Michael Hordern) simply because he was illiterate. Instead of resting on their laurels, despite his age, he not only takes his wife (his mistress, played by Kathleen Harrison), but it opens a tobacco shop strategically located in a long stretch of road where there is no such service is not offered - and business prosperity, it is developing in the whole chain. The last scene, then, sees his visit to the bank, Felix Aylmer manager that not only surprised to find a lack of Hayter in education, but it is proposed to ask him what were his other interests - which the rich (and respected) tobacco answers with how as irony, that he had a calling to be a minister! <br /> <br /> The second episode, «Mr. Know-all ", it is the shortest, but also, perhaps, the most interesting: a voyage into the sea completely precipitated in the presence of unbearable arrogant young man (Nigel Patrick), the British, in spite of its external-sounding name Kelada, professing to be the authority on virtually every subject under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers, who have to put up with him most of all - the latter because he shares a cabin with a man, and the former in connection with the care of Patrick to his beautiful wife (Anne Crawford). During a costume party, however, the passengers decided to take their "revenge" on Kelada, having one of them to impersonate him (joke, which he, of course, does not appreciate!); still, here he manages to show the decent side of his character - told Crawford that necklace she is wearing an imitation, Wayne challenge Patrick to name a price ... but he soon realizes that it is a real product, and that it will be put under Crawford threat situation where he had to say, so Kelada allows himself publicly ridiculed, but not to the fact that a woman is likely to have a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As you can deduce from the title, "Sanatorium" is engaged in a myriad of patients in such a place - run by André Morell; the protagonist is a new intern, Roland Culver, who sadly observes different habits. The narrative, in fact, emphasizes, in particular, three separate strands of plot - a humorous (in a "feud" between the ages of Scottish centenarians in the sanatorium, played Finlay Currie and John Laurie), a melodramatic (unstable connection between the disgruntled patient Raymond Huntley and long-suffering but devoted wife Betty Ann Davis) and one bitter (a romance between a naive, but charming Gene Simmons and dashing cad Michael Rennie, who, despite the presence of almost all against him, including the fact that Morel was put Simmons diagnosed as a «Lifer» while Rennie has a few years left to him, leads a couple to the altar).
