Made after the quartet was, TRIO continued quality of the earlier films of Maugham short stories. Here are three stories are a minister, MR. Nerdy and sanatoriums. The first two comic (minister as long joke, but one with good giving), and the latter more serious (such as health issues involved). Again, the author introduces the film and the story. <br /> <br /> James Hayter, soon, to his signature role of Samuel Pickwick, the hero in the minister. He keeps this little guardian type of work in the church, but a new assistant (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears Hayter Sun schooling he fires him. Hayter has accumulated some money, so he says to his wife (Kathleen Harrison), he is buying a small tobacco shop and news. He has a good eye, and his shop is booming. Soon, he has an entire network of stores. When his grandson baptized Hordern, last amazed to see how blooming his ex-Verger. Returns when the bank manager Felix Aylmer meets Hayter about diversifying their investments. I'll leave you to hear the unintentional, but the ironic code meeting. <br /> <br /> According to Maugham, he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) cruise. In MR. Knowall Kelada is flashy, friendly, and commanding bit type from the Middle East, which is on a business trip (for jewelry) steamer. His condition is a neighbor of Mr. Gray room (always calm and correct Wilfrid Hyde-White), which is somewhat silently disapproving Max. Max likes to animate things, and soon actively involved in the entertainment vessel. At the moment, this story is actually reminiscent of the plot of the story, Sun Maugham and movies CHINA SEAS (1935) as Max makes a bet that he can tell a real piece of jewelry from a fake (after insisting that jewel he said it's real). I will not describe how Max rises to the occasion. <br /> <br /> Sanatorium longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (a fictional alter ego Maugham - a writer and once a spy in Hitchcock Resident). Here it should be used in the sanatorium for months for his health. He is a great team of people, including Jean Simmons as a fragile but beautiful young woman, Kari Finley as a short-tempered Scot, John Laurie as a second hot-tempered Scotsman who "at war" with Curry, Raymond Huntley as the silent patient, only shows your inner anger in his situation when his wife shows up, and Michael Rennie, a young man who has a serious life-threatening diseases. Culver watches play three stories among these characters to their conclusions. The latter, dealing with Simmons and Reni, paradoxically but very touching. <br /> <br /> It was a continuation of the earlier quartet dandy, and worth watching.
