I found it hard to like anyone in this film. The central character, Linda and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears overnight in the Australian outback, and are not bad people, but certainly not all, or even most, of the dozens of people that we see throughout the film it would be bad if we knew them better. But although we are just the same as the film wants to be in the guilt or innocence of the eunuchs from the beginning of the tragic turmoil of his life, the film takes on a more or less a sociological point of view, referring to the gossip, the news media, the crowd, the crowd and assumptions. This is not a film about the degenerate society in Australia, in particular; it is simply the story of a true story that took place there. Society crowd is much less developed than the individual feels assured that we are. <br /> <br /> If the warden insists on killing all the dogs did not give native because of the unchecked actions of one wild dog, when he accidentally destroyed the lives revolve even more out of control at the expense of the majority of magazines, newspapers and television programs distort the tragic truth to the level of drama that provokes their customers mad, there's no sign of sympathy or even any kind of looking outside your own ideas without knowing it, under the influence of the left and right of the rumors and energetic vibe surrounding their lives. Therefore, I appreciate this film, because it turns the focus inside out, from the victims to the masses. <br /> <br /> evidence against Linda Chamberlain aside suspicion was jet fuel mainly because of it. In the public eye, she did not seem quite distraught by the death of her daughter. Why she was able to keep her cool, even a kind of alienation not to mention holding her head, on television and in the press? How much a downward spiral could have been avoided if she had behaved over the public mind in the media? Meryl Streep, one of, if not the greatest actress working today can not give a performance that is not particularly distinguished, and openly nor does any other actor or film production department. But she and the writers do not understand Lindy. What is rabies, it is not so difficult. Apparently, she was not naturally inclined to show emotions in public in any case. Regardless of whether or not it is achievable as an attractive character in the literal sense, we are naturally inclined to sympathize with her situation. <br /> <br /> It is her performance as just as good as Sophie's Choice, The Devil Wears Prada, Angels in America or other similar works, it's a triumph. It is difficult to excite an audience, if you deliberately deprive their understanding of themselves. It rips us because we do not know what she was thinking or feeling. It took me a while to feel endeared to her, but it is a way of guiding the attention of the film reaction. <br /> <br /> public She is married to a pastor, and they practiced a religion, which is a small minority, and therefore misinterpreted by the majority. Initially, they react to their loss, as if to accept the will of God, the kick-start of rumors, generating the idea that the death of their daughter had some ritual murder with his hand. Whatever happened to the little girl, her parents were part of the region, to which the majority of media consumption is not immediately identify, thus, the first inclination was to follow them like a pack of hungry ... well ... <br / > <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are constantly on the screen, but the Australian public plays a real conclusions here. As well as punctuation for each plot in advance Skepis director cuts from the restaurant to the tennis court for lunch in the salon network in the office, where the public is trying to Lindy and carried into their hot projection. <br /> <br /> In this docudrama Sun Golan -Globus especially memorable. The atmosphere of the setting does not give enough nice compensation for the fact that no performance or facet of production is not allocated. But very successful as an indictment of the collective consciousness of the public.
