This review contains spoilers for those who do not know about the details of a true story on which the film is based. <br /> <br /> The right to be regarded as "innocent until proven guilty" is one of the basic rights of anyone in civilized society; but according to a partisan, but unfortunately, compelling story about the famous court Skepisi Australian murder, he was not provided with Linda Chamberlain, who is accused of murdering her child. History testifies to his innocence is unlikely (as the dingo, allegedly took it), but those referring to his guilt, even more so, and there was no hard evidence against her. But the Australian audience transfixed the possibility of her guilt, and deeply religious Chamberlain appeared awful, when there are in the media (and the media themselves, of course, was anything but innocent in this process). Thus, while the cleaned original investigation, after they were brought to justice and convicted. Although Chamberlain was released, it's a shame only after the discovery of new evidence to "prove" their innocence, that the defendants did not have to produce. <br /> <br /> «cry in the dark" is well acted throughout, especially Meryl Streep, who puts on a convincing Australian accent (at least to the ears of the POM), and manages to keep Lindy nice (to us) at the same time to pass, how she had become a national figure of hate. The scenes where she actually gets imprisoned simple but heartbreaking, because we believe in the characters as real. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of his portrayal of the story (something I can not comment), the broader theme of this movie will sound terribly true for any of the fleeting knowledge of English and the popular press of his merciless habit of appealing directly to the least charitable instinct their readers. No legal system will never be perfect; but now the cry against asylum seekers in today's British tabloids comes from exactly the same pit of evil, as the voices that put Linda Chamberlain away. I'm not a religious person, but the Bible still contains some killer lines (if you pardon the pun). "Judge not, that ye be not judged" is one of them.
