Meryl Streep in her beautiful nuances of thought and performance as the infamous Linda Chamberlain, who was charged and convicted for allegedly killing their own child Azarov Chamberlain and using her alibi predatory Dingo her protection. Based on the book "Evil Angels" and under this name in the Australian release, a cry in the dark, ugly look of the film. It is a scenario that is all too real for us in America. Witch-hunt against the man considered to be an easy target <br /> <br /> Linda Chamberlain was this woman. As someone said their opinion, someone who does not play cards of sympathy, and someone who was just tough enough to move on with her life, despite her terrible suffering, she was labeled as suspicious and hated abroad understanding, even when it became clear that she did not kill her child. The media began tightening the noose and the progressive invasion of privacy that soon the whole country was glued to their sets, they gutted the family piece by piece. And through it all, Linda remained stoic as ever, even when her husband Michael was falling apart. <br /> <br /> This position, of course, the strength of the forces as unsympathetic as it may seem, there are people react strongly to it. They want to see the distressed mother cry and cry, and sometimes faint at every step, and do not sit back and watch a blank. People do not realize that not everyone grieves the same way, and if someone decides to stand up, they begin to assumptions. Meryl Streep embodies this spoiled woman handle and at the same time creates a cold, but not unfeeling woman, the one that stood on their beliefs, even if they are it will. Because of her, Sam Neill is allowed to have its own character to dissolve slowly into despair - someone has to, or Chamberlain's too detached, and nobody wants to see. With the exception of the monster, having at the time of this writing, we have become the news media. They always eat the train wreck and feed the distorted manure uninformed public.
