-The film tells the story of a prince, life is fine, but after the evil wizard tells him to go into the city disguised as a beggar wizard then closes the prince and soon became the head of the shadow of Baghdad. in prison, where the prince meets a thief by the name of Abu, who helps him escape from prison, and head into the city under the name of Basra, where he meets the princess, he falls madly in love with, but unknown to him an evil wizard Jafa is also in love with the princess and tries to convince his father to allow him to marry her. Jafa soon learns that the prince tries to win the girl's heart, so that it makes him blind and turns Abu into a dog. This leads to the prince, and Ab raising on an adventure to find a way to win JAFA, restore peace to Baghdad and to marry the princess. during their journey, they meet all of the sarcastic Gina, who takes on the Abu flying through the clouds, a giant spider, which is really hungry, and the flying horse, which probably gives rise to one of the most beautiful sequence of my old eyes have ever seen. <br /> <br /> -This is pure fantasy film from beginning to end, it flies horses, gin, flying carpets, and wizards that can really do magic, and not just beat people with their staffs. It does not have any cheese moments and love story is not a waste of time. Production design just superb in this film. From palaces to a variety of dangerous traps that the characters face. Despite the fact that this film is more than 40 years, the production design is much better than most of the crap that gets tacked on in modern cinema. Music and songs too well done. Anyone who sees this will no doubt hail, "I want to be a sailor sailing on the sea," as one of the greatest musical moments in the film. I'm not usually a big fan of singing in the movie, because I find them to be as comfortable as doing your taxes, but I'll be more than happy to make an exception for this film. <br /> <br /> What is selling the movie for me, the fact that you can see that you do not see in everyday life, which is also the same reason why I love things like "The Two Towers" and " Silent Hill ». Long before today's modern fantasy film came along with their realistic CGI, to blow our minds there was this film that blew your mind without a green screen scattered everywhere. One of my favorite shots in "The Two Towers" is the one where we see the trolls opening the Black Gate, the main attraction of this shot for me was to see these big fantasy creatures to do what, in fact, hand made, and this is I love gin and other creatures in the film. They're just out there trying to make a living just like everyone else, that gives them a real sense of, even if they are just fantasy creatures. <br /> <br /> -It is literally impossible to watch this movie and did not notice where the creators of "Aladdin" got their inspiration. Characters of this film quite a lot of the same characters in this film from the talkative Genie until the flying carpet. This is not entirely bad in my eyes, as it's nice to know I'm not the only one on the planet that has a deep passionate love for this amazing movie. I first saw it as a child at home and thought it was the greatest thing in the world, and when you view it again on I still think last week, it's weird. It is now evidence that a great film can withstand the test of time. Of course, the effects look a little dated and cheesy, but it was done back in the 40s so give him a break. Not everything looks outdated, though, since most of the material can still hold its own today as well by today's standards. <br /> <br /> -If you've ever wanted to see a live-action version of "Aladdin", then you should get your want with it, but the evil cynical bunch, probably do well to avoid this, as it will not their cup of tea.
