Story-line of "The Thief of Bagdad" is complex because it is said in retrospect and has three separate and equally important strands woven together. Lajo Biroš scenario and dialogue Miles Malleson keep the story moving skillfully at all points.The young king Ahmad Baghdad angry with his vizier Jafar to execute a man for that different ideas. He discovers while in disguise that people blame his actions Jafar and his hate. It is enclosed in Jafar prison, where he meets a young thief ABU. Two escape and take the boat to the city of Basra. There comrades spy on, when people clear the way so that no one will see the death of the Princess of the city on. Ahmad falls in love with her and visited her in the garden. He tells her that he had come to her because of the time and win a kiss. Then he captured. If Jafar is coming to win the princess of Basra for himself, Ahmad attacked the evil vizier, who dazzles him and Abu turns into a dog. Jafar then asks for the hand of Princess, and he gives the gift of a flying mechanical horse Sultan of Basra. Blind Ahmad then tells his story in the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. Prince fell asleep, and nothing can wake her. So Jafar sends his servant to Halim Ahmad and dogs in the hope Prince can pick it up. He makes her wake. She sits on the ship to find a doctor to cure Ahmad, but it captured Jafar, who then throws the dog overboard. Then she lets Jaffar take her in his arms, on his promise to restore vision to transform Abu Ahmad and back to the thief. The princess saw a vision of Ahmad; He is in a boat; Jafar sends a storm to besiege him and Abu shipwrecked on a desert island. Abu finds gin or gin, who wants to kill him, now that he is free after centuries spent in prison in the bottle. Abu deceiving him in proving that he really came from such a small vessel, then sealed it again. For his release, he gets three wishes. His first sausage. At the same time, the princess begs her father to abandon Jafar; but Jafar Sultan shows a new mechanical toy, one of which six weapons permeates him to death. Abu makes the second wish to find Ahmad. Crafty genie flying his all-seeing eye of the goddess. Abu must come to a large network, to get to the gem that eyes, fighting a giant spider, and then scaling the goddess statue. Abu peers in the "eyes" and sees Ahmed in the Canyon. He has to take his gin Ahmad. Ahmad uses his eyes to look at the princess. It smells like a flower, and forgets everything at once. Abu wish they were in Baghdad, but the genie laughs and walks away; Jaafar said the princess that she is in love with him, omitting mention of Ahmad. Ahmad tries to get to the princess, but Jafar breaks the "eyes". Abu is in the "Land of Legend" where the old, dominant want to make him their king. He kidnaps a bow and a magic carpet and runs rather than to rush to rescue the princess and Ahmad. The thief cometh not in time to save the young king of the cat, using his bow with a flying carpet, to the astonishment of the crowd who came to watch the execution. Jafar tries to escape from the mechanical flying horse, but another shot from a bow completes it. Ahmad ruler again and plans to marry his princess; but when he tries to do ABU his vizier, the young thief refuses, saying that he wanted an adventure, rather than hard work and the content of the palace, however grand it may be. This fantastic story had an excellent production of the producer Alexander Korda. The production was developed by Vincent Cordes, who was also the artistic director, while Perinal make colorful cinematography. Director is credited Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, Tim Will, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda part. And many extraordinary costume design was the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vértes. Production, in addition to their beautiful and expensive-looking visual beauty, I would argue, is dominated by two other elements of choral music Miklós Rózsa and perform Conrad Veidt as the evil Jafar. Rex Ingram played gin with a curious accent, plus his usual wit and strength. June Duprez is an excellent and effective as Princess Mary Morris boring and beautiful Halima, and Miles Malleson correctly awkward and mean the Sultan. Ahmad, John Justin seems to do most of what can be done with the part of the young prince in love, and then some; He memorably good in his winning the role. This film has the capacity of it, that is, I would argue, in other cord works well. His figurative content stands in contrast to the very strong realistic scenery, costumes and design elements. This is one of the most memorable fantasy ideas at all time, worthy to enjoy again and again.
