Very beautiful film, one of the few that I've seen when young, that fascinated me then and still, in the case of a Thief impression actually seems to get better with time. Up to 90 of my daughter, and I've seen it many times on TV, but still went to the pictures, when it came to local arthouse cinema ?? When he had finished, we went starry eyed with a head full of poetry and Miklós Rózsa in stirring music, wishing it could last for a few hours longer, and to think that the world is suddenly beautiful again. <br /> <br /> idealistic Prince Ahmad wants improvement it among his men for some time to check things out, but the evil Vizier Jaffar takes his chance to imprison him and seize the throne. After escaping with a small thief plays Sab, Ahmad to see the princess, and they fall in love ?? dazzling along the way they have many adventures (though apparently not enough to Saba!) and love not only wins, but will void all. Special effects have to be fascinated in 1940, but time takes its toll and has reduced its impact especially with digital cartoonery assumed even live action ?? but they still hold up well in comparison with films like Superman 40 years later. Anyway, when I asked to suspend disbelief in huge laugh gin, flying horses, and carpet I suspend disbelief in perfect special effects! Any bits: dreamy scene in sunny gardens when shows itself Ahmad and appropriately romantic song Adelaide Hall; gorgeous color in a tent on the ground Legend ?? in fact, the gorgeous colors for; Sab and triumphs, but still thoughtful faces in the final. Conrad Veidt played a villain in two of the most incredible songs movies ever, this Casablanca, and then died. John Justin and June Duprez had big starring lovers, both of them are a little stilted and refreshing, but the details do not require a huge range of emotions is important only pure love <br /> <br /> There. a pair of slightly violent images in it, but be sure that it is a wonderful experience with a positive message Feelgood 100%, it is only a pity that young children do not watch this porn instead they prefer nowadays. One of my Top 10 favorite films, I can not recommend it too much ?? Can it be shown until the end of time.
