After a chance meeting on the train, a young couple spends one night, walking through the streets of Vienna, discussing life and love. The main reason to see "Before Sunrise" to look young Julie Delpy deliver her line. As «Celine», this sexy, brainy, soulful brown-eyed blonde is a kind of cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell, as they were in their mid-twenties. At the risk of overstating, Celine almost perfect woman, extraordinarily beautiful and very feminine, being a natural, unpretentious, introspective and selflessly loving. We can easily forgive that she is a bit eccentric and said blue band, for her sincere, smart remarks sometimes penetrating. In addition, its diverse expressions nothing but endearing, and she said in English with a French accent, which is very attractive. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly in the ointment of this good movie, it would have to be her unkempt and disheveled Costar. Ethan Hawke as «Jessie» comes off as vaguely attractive slob kind of Maynard G. Krebs nineties. Trying to appear nonchalant individual i, it sort of drags through certain shots. His pants fit poorly, his shirt coming untucked, his wavy dark hair (his most attractive feature) needs a good wash, and someone really needs to show him how to cut his youthful beard. However, it should be a dirty young people to travel by train for two weeks across Europe, so the appearance of it is cultivated, probably quite true. It is often cynical remarks and wry sense of humor seems to impress inexcusable romantic of Celine, although it is sometimes violated as his alienation. When he finally confesses to her that he was very ill, and he loves to be with her, because he feels like a new man in her presence, we know that he was getting somewhere. <br /> <br /> After tightening their collective resources to a number of cafes, bars and foolish diversions, they agree that, because they can never see each other again, they have to make the most of them. Jesse homeless bottle of red wine to eliminate sentimental bartender, so that he and his newly lady love can restore a local park in the middle of the night to lie on the grass, looking up at the moon and stars, and watching the sunrise up. <br /> <br /> Given his limitless fortune in the department of romance, especially tedious when Jesse is the very definition of naive jerk, foolishly allowing this wonderful young lady slip out of his hands. He is content polusyroem plan quickly invented at the railway station, when he commands her farewell to reconnect to the same place for six months. When it comes to the appointed time, you just know this beautiful and unusual girl will participate with the other, perhaps even married and pregnant. For some reason, that she probably will not show, while Jesse who ends up working at Target, or (if he is lucky) in the local library, will return to Vienna, desperate to see her again, but the wind alone. <, Br /> <br /> Despite the fact that for me it was very embarrassing conclusion, "Before Sunrise," a beautiful film. I highly recommend both a sequel, "Before Sunset."
