I managed to catch the late night double feature last night, "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004), and has seen both films in a row, in fact, unable to catch his breath between or argue the meaning of each film individually. After sleeping over this, I must say that I mostly prefer the former over the latter, and I'll explain why. <br /> <br /> Before sunrise introduces us to young actors and then, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets society), only 25 at the time of release of the film, and Julie Delpy (three colors trilogy), then 2 6 (although looks much younger) It is a varied American writer, a tour of Europe after breaking up with his girlfriend;. It is a young French student, on her way home to Paris they meet on the train Budapest-Vienna and spontaneously decided. get off the train together .. Two deep spiritual and intellectual people than to spend the night walking together beautifully captured the streets of Vienna, sharing ideals and thoughts, and gradually fall to love <br /> <br /> The film of the 1990s written all over it: if the technology is rapidly jumping, new millennium with all its hopes and dreams is waiting just around the corner, and young people, such as those depicted in the movie, was filled with love of life and a passion for the future. Characters Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy), with all their flaws and inconsistencies (emphasis Celine, if by mistake or deliberately, was half American, half French, and swinged from one spectrum to the other, tearing character trust), was a mirror time. Watching the naive couple dove lives with meaning and emotion, acting all formulaic romantic and still managing to have a drop in audience and for them, this is what really made this film for me to work. The fact that the director does not allow you to know when their relationship continues after the film is not whether it makes everything else worthwhile. <br /> <br /> In general, the Sunrise dreamy walks through the cityscapes of Vienna, well said, a classic romantic date, and the film, which I will definitely be back to further understanding sometime in the future.
