I bought a DVD of Before Sunset and saw him for the first time a week ago. Having seen it twice, I could not help, but not enough to sunrise, and not because the sequel was not so great, but I felt that these two films completed each other like no other sequels ever made, every time when I finished watching one of them, I feel the need and the desire to see others. Thus, I ended up spending a few weeks, watching as one repeatedly, I would be very embarrassed to mention how many times exactly. The great thing about PVS, how you feel, the development of feelings of his characters in relation to each other. It sounds so simple, the cultivation of chemistry, I think the other romance may think that they will be able to trace the development, but for me - who do not believe in Naro Efron - Before sunrise, this is the first film that really gives the audience a chance to experience it. When I saw him for the first time, about 8 years ago, when I was 20, I already liked. But, I did not appreciate it as a "great film", it still seemed to me still thinking people feel good film, Linklater was too smart to make it more realistic, it was 10 minutes too long, the characters are very well fabricated, I thought that I liked it because it was like a dream, because I enjoyed their conversations, etc. etc .. But now, thanks Before sunset, I feel that the more to the PVA than what I felt for her before. I saw more clearly the elements of Jesse, of Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. As each of them shares the element itself, and they have a chance to mingle, the story simply time frame, I will no longer do not feel manipulated. And the freedom that every scene has, as well as his refusal to be very effective as I was blind, that these qualities have not struck me as extraordinary, when I first saw it! Now, eight years have passed, the more movies I saw, the more I realize that many movies only ordered collection of scenes that exist only for the sake of his end, even films like Pulp Fiction or own Slackers Linklaters inclusive. Jesse and Celine tale avoid this, perhaps, Before Sunset is the best example in this case, but before the sun is also one of the few films that its ending is just a consequence of time, not a destination, each episode has its own life. I do not know whether still had a continuation in the form of Linklater or someone, when they're done before sunrise, but for me, one of the most amazing things about these sequels are these two film visually contrast with each other . Before sunrise, which I think are more than static angel and bright color schemes, it seems, is trying to capture the most liveliness small atoms surrounding Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope and feel the characters. At the same time, I go into boredom vision as Jesse paused to speak to reporters in front of the sunset, and the first smile Celine because the shelf most heartbreaking smile that I saw at the beginning of the movie, and a lot of moving shots then takes me to a place I do not know, with sadness in me, no matter how beautiful Paris, and no matter how happy I am that they meet again. I'm sorry, I'm going on this long with my limited knowledge of the English language, the PVA has an unusual film without me fill my scattered thoughts, and it gets even better with the same great sequel after him.
