When I saw this film in the cinema when it came out in 1995 with a free advanced screening, I was completely fascinated and would gladly have paid to see it. I was sorry when I talked to many people who later also seen him and who were totally disappointed with it, and how it ended. I, on the other hand, felt the exact opposite. I was quite pleased with the outcome and everything else. People I spoke with said that was too much to say! In addition, they were unhappy with the fact that they felt that the ending left you wondering about the fate of two characters. I found these observations absurd and also be painful evidence that the majority of American film-publicity seems to have a tendency to want an easy-to-follow stories in the movies with not too much complex and intelligent dialogue, so that they do not get confused. They also like to be spoon-fed neat ending - happy or sad. It angers me. Nobody wants to be challenged more than ??? As for the ending (and I do not want to be a spoiler), I completely content, because I know in my heart that these two characters will see each other again. It's all about your personal faith in romance and destiny. This is a very personal film, which does not speak to all the people. But this, of course, was talking to me. Give him a chance! Be patient with him! Linklater has built a very beautiful film with a beautiful story, set in the beautiful backdrop of the city Vienna. Watching it makes you feel as if you are walking through the streets of the city, along with the characters. As if you were a decoupling of Europe Eurail pass. It's very intimate. In addition, Eaton Hawke and Julie Delpy make a graceful job of bringing to life a complex script. They must improvise during some parts, and it works well. They have a great chemistry in their roles. Their awkward like other people to know each other at the beginning of a very believable, and you can really feel the romance and bonding to develop between them, as the film progresses. I get the feeling that it was a very personal work for Mr. Linklater, and I deeply respect him for this film made. This, of course, touched me, and I hope it comes to others as well. Bravo for romance !!!
