Many of the criticisms on this subject, it seems, to pick up a comparison of this film with "Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare the films they choose, but the similarity of "Mortal Storm" and "Watch on the Rhine", obviously, the problem of refugees threatened by the Nazi juggernaut, while the main comparative point brought to "Casablanca" with ' is the apparent unfair treatment with Humphrey Bogart in the 1943 Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, because they chose Paul Lukas instead of the best Actor Oscar. It does not seem to me completely wrong. Lukas had a good career in film (here and in England - he is a villain in the «The Lady Vanishes"), and this performance was his best. Bogart was a big performance in him than Rick Blaine (for example, it has been ignored for Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra" two years ago, both of which were first performances of speed, and it will not get Oscar for his greatest performances as Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre," writer / murder suspect in "secluded" and captain Philip Francis Queeg in «The Caine Mutiny" after it - he got it for Charlie "The African Queen"). I think that the retractable had to get him to play Dobbs, but this did not happen. But Lukas was lucky - he got it to determining the performance of its smaller quarries. Few can argue that. <br /> <br /> For me to watch a movie with the "Watch on the Rhine" is based on another game / Hellman script, "Star Wind". They both look at the spirit of American isolationism in the 1920s and 1930s. "Star Wind" really looks at the entire interwar period, while the "Watch on the Rhine", established during the proceeding only our entry into World War II, has to deal with a few weeks time. Therefore it is better constructed as a game, and more important for its impact. <br /> <br /> The film has many good performances, led by Lucas, exhausted but determined anti-Nazi fighter / Courier Davis, his wife accurate (wisely to keep its character as low as possible from key Lucas is a center for play activities), Coulouris like a selfish, conniving, but ultimately stupid and inefficient Teck, Lucile Watson, mother of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (in Coulouris' wiser and sadder and tired of his wife), and Kurt Katch, provides a devastating critique (as the main Gestapo local embassies ) About Coulouris and others who will have to deal with the Nazis. It is a dialogue with a bite in it. And what he says is absolutely true. Also, there are moments in poetry. Witness the scene near the end, when Coulouris left alone with Lucas and Davis, and says, "A new world left the scene of the Old World." Hellman can write very well at times. <br /> <br /> Given the strength of the film script and performances, I would rate this film highly among the films of the Second World War.
