Before sunrise has many great things going on, almost too much to fit in one review as it is, but it's enough to say that this is one of the observational nature of the study of the nineties, maybe even in the entire modern cinema, be Supervisory entirely about love, for, say, as it is about human connection. How does one fall in love at first sight? No one does, at least, a deep consensus that Linklater wants to show his film. And * still * have the opportunity to both intensive communication, a bond that can form in those who are young and with many ideas that can be found in plain words and with a width of cynicism and how something very gentle and true at the same time. Linklater here gives us the story of Celine and Jesse, a French girl and an American boy who gets on a header of the train to Vienna, and the road begins to talk about the first random, the personal (Jessie saw death for the first time in his grandfather ). Jessie Sun persuades Celine to go along with him in the night to the "City" in Vienna until his plane the next morning. <br /> <br /> By sunrise gives Jesse and Celine, the landscape and the lush locales of Vienna, to go on and on about things that are important, and in some ways about the act of having conversations about what it's like to watch people that have one leading to another and another. It is often about relationships and commitments, as Jesse and Celine tell sometimes several inconsequential, or seemingly so, and the other, who can tell a lot about its basic qualities. We confession desires of other lovers, or that does not like to be part of the family or of the training, which may or may not let you know how you love your life, what it means to believe or not believe in any religious form, or just to have some connection with any belief, and soul (I loved the bit about the Quakers in the church), and occasionally laced with cynicism or skepticism. Jessie could be more responsible for this last part, but entertaining about the film is that it is never exactly cynical by simply commenting on the cynicism that lies in the concerns of men and women in this age of life. <br /> <br /> at the same time, it is always nice to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in these roles where they incessantly annoying in this mode, the 90 th generation, the X, but different people, which, if not in the center of the conceit of the film, which is not a bad one at all, but a necessary one, one would think, to find walking the streets of the city, somewhere. Vanity is an old romantic picture ala Brief Encounter, but here is manifested in the proximity of the central characters, or with each other, where the sweet retreats are really acceptable ( "I must tell you a secret," Jesse says, then leans in for a kiss ho-ho), or in the small moments that pop up with others along the way. I loved the scene with the poet, which is very cinematic thing to suddenly random romantic bit player in the midst of a romantic picture with such beautiful words in his possession, or palm reader and as a response from Jessie and Celine is that we could share, but actually see them do it at first hand. All this time, Hawke and Delpy embody the role interestingly- we can see how neurosis formed was their adult lives-, as this could lead somewhere in the future ... <br /> <br /> Thanks to the excellent cinematography and screenplay with an ear for natural reason and the true meaning of what it means to have a moment of happiness, but self-sufficient, since it can lead to something more. Who said you can not suddenly be attached to someone, if only for less than 24 hours, and that was tied much more than a married couple? This is, perhaps, the thesis Linklater, but there's more than just that. It is a very dense film, and one that will have me call him repeatedly. One scene in particular, which is both a cheese and a brilliant, if two of them say, "on the phone" to each other simulating their exposure could go in together. A +
