I'll tell you a story about the summer 1994 a friend and I attended a concert in Canada Day in Bari, and it was a who's who of the leading Canadian age bands. We got there around 4:00 am and waited in line most of the morning, and when the door was opened at 9 am, we were among the first in the gate. Then we waited and waited in the hot sun, slow roasting, but we did not try, because the headliners were among our favorites. At some point in the early afternoon, I sat down and fell asleep with his back to the barrier. I woke up to my dismay and confusion of shouts Rheostatics girl wearing a T-shirt. It is for this reason that I hated Rheostatics today. There's nothing reasonable, no taste is determined, nor indeed anything other than their fandom. Snotty me, is not it? So I, in my hatred for the group, denied himself the pleasure Whale Music. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl was all. It is difficult to say that he lost, because he lives in a fantastic mansion is wedged between the ocean and the mountains (the BC region, where the movie was filmed exciting). The lives of most of us dream entirely dismantled dreams, phantoms, and his own past, to the day, Teenagers criminal breaks ... and, corny as it sounds, destroys it. <br /> <br /> The Canadian Film suffer from several problems. As a rule, lack of money, as well as an intolerable lack of asking for help (as if somehow the function ceases to be Canadian) leads to lower production values ​​than American or British films, and most people do not like to see something that sounds and looks , well, not like an American movie. Further, Canadian writers often seems so caught up in that strange that they lose sight of how to tell a good story, and to tell it well. Third, they seem to think that the gratuitous nudity (often full frontal) is doing something artistic. I'm sure that someone who looks enough Canadian films, especially late at night on the CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost like "do not do it" manual there somewhere and Canadian filmmakers threw out long ago. <br /> <br /> In the 90s and 00s, however, some films (eg, the work of Bruce McDonald and brilliant CRAZY) violated this form, and were able to maintain what makes them Canadian, keeping watchable production values ​​and great stories. Kit Music such a film on the surface. Deeper than just his Canadian-isms, this is a very touching story about a man who has lost his power, through grief and excess, which is repaid music, then love. And that redeems even Rheostatics. :)
