"Emma" was a product of what might be called by First Great Jane Austen cycle in the mid-nineties, and it was recently shown on British television, no doubt because of the interest in the author creates a cycle Second Great Jane Austen, which began with " pride and prejudice "two years ago. At the present time we have in theaters biopic Austin "Jane Austen" and ITV has recently released three television movies based on the novels of Austen. These include "Northanger Abbey", only one of the six major novels have been filmed before, so now the cycle has to be complete. Without a doubt, however, there will be more to come in the near future. (There is, after all, her juvenile "Love and Freindship" (sic), the short story "Lady Susan", and someone, somewhere, has undoubtedly set ending her two unfinished fragments "of The Watsons" and «Sanditon». Then there's all these sequels Austin out of the contemporary writers ??????). <br /> <br /> the main character, Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from an aristocratic family in Regency England. (No, as some commentators have suggested, Victorian England- Austen died before Queen Victoria was even born). Emma financially, much better than the way lshasts heroines Austin, such as Elizabeth Bennet or Fanny Price, and there is no need to find a rich husband. Instead, its main concern seems to be to find a husband for her friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to reject an offer of marriage from young farmers, Robert Martin, thinking that Harriet should be setting her sights on an ambitious priest, Mr. Elton. This scheme goes disastrously wrong, however, as Elton has no interest in Harriet, but fell in love with the most Emma. The speed with which Emma rejects his suggestion makes you wonder why she was so keen to meet his friend, with a man whom she believed (not without reason) as a bad marriage partner for yourself. This time, the plot of Jane Austen's Emma is less perfect virgin than it seems, and she also finds himself falling in love, which leads to further complications. <br /> <br /> Emma always insists that she will not marry without love, and if it is to find a partner, Mr. Knightley beautiful, we believe that it would be really gentle marriage. This does not mean, however, it seems likely to be one very hot (as opposed to, say, Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy). Knightley, who sixteen years older than Emma (she 21, he 37), and related by marriage, is more like a father-figure than a lover. Much more a father-figure, in fact, than her actual father, a grumpy and selfish old hypochondriac, that's more like his grandfather. When Emma was rude to her unbearably chatty and tedious Miss Bates friend, it Knightley, who blames her lack of manners. (His name is probably meant to show his gentlemanly nature-gentlemen of the nineteenth century liked to think of himself as a modern-day equivalent of medieval knights with their complex codes of chivalry). Gwyneth Paltrow and North play their role very well, but it is not really one of the great romances of the screen. <br /> <br /> Among the other characters, I liked Juliet Stephenson vulgar Mrs. Elton, Harriet and Toni Collette. I know that in the novel Harriet was a naive teenager, while here it is more like a character Collette played "Muriel's Wedding" - in goshah slightly overweight Twentysomething, fretting about her chances of finding a man, however, I felt. that this feature worked well in the context of the film and does not detract from the theme of Austin. <br /> <br /> «Emma» is one of the more careless work of Austin, without dark overtones "Mansfield Park» or "Pride and prejudice" and this is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of stately homes and elegant suits and fine manners. Besides hooligan Roma, who make a very short appearance, only "bad" people we see are Mrs Bates and her daughter, and because they live in a kind of picturesque rose-strewn thatched cottage, which today change hands for more than £ 500,000, we can be confident that their poverty is relative, not absolute. In Emma's world, poverty is defined as not having your own stately home. This is certainly not a complete picture of the early life of the nineteenth century, but no one has ever claimed Austen as the equivalent of the Regency naturalistic realist. A sophisticated romantic comedy, coupled with a keen eye for the analysis of human nature, was more of her line. <br /> <br /> I would not rate this film as highly as "Sense and Sensibility" in 1994 or the recent "Pride and Prejudice" - is, as a rule, to drag a bit in the middle, although it has a strong start and a strong ending-, but it's basically a very nice Austen adaptation. 7/10
