Romance in the air and love in color in the Victorian era in England, in this light-hearted story set against a society at a time when manners were still in vogue, the house was charming, elegant and daring God. 'Emma, ​​"based on the Jane Austen novel and written for the screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, beautiful stars Gwyneth Paltrow in the title role. Self-appointed matchmaker Emma takes great pleasure in the romantic concept of the game Cupid and tries to mate to the one she feels fit together. Away from a successful negotiation that ended in marriage, she then sets his sights on the search for a partner for his friend, Harriet (Toni Collette), but the outcome of her first attempt is less than satisfactory. Meanwhile, its efforts are hampered by a beautiful Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose ideas in the heart of the matter often seems little more astute than Emma, ​​and give some necessary balance to the proceedings. And Emma, ​​so concerned about what is right for others, neglecting the heart, that really the most important thing: her own. The world is ?? round and has a lot of love, but Emma is going to miss. Luckily for her, but someone just for her waiting in the wings. Now that she can not stop long enough to figure it out. But, as everyone who knows true love knows, heart issues can go right or wrong in an instant, depending on the slightest thing; and while romance on hand for Emma, ​​she must first recognize it, and choose the right moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath processed and delivered a wonderful, feel good film that, like a breath of fresh air in our often turbulent world. There may be a frivolous air about it, but in retrospect, this story has to do with something that, perhaps most importantly, there is-- all honesty-- only those who: Love. And with an impeccable sense of pace and McGrath time, all play here in a way that is completely interesting and enjoyable. This is a nice, affecting film, with an excellent cast that successfully takes the viewer to another time and another place. This light snacks, but absorbing; and the picturesque settings and procedures offer a sense of well-being and peace of mind that allows you to plunge into it, and just go with the flow. <br /> <br /> winsome Paltrow, who won an Oscar for best actress for `Shakespeare in two years Love» after doing this one seems to be comfortable and at home in this genre. It embodies all that is British, and does it with such naturalness and the object that is the kind of performance that is easily taken for granted or overlooked altogether. She's just so good that it does and makes it look so easy. She has a charismatic screen presence and to conquer, it is very reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. However, Paltrow is unique. As an actor, she has a wide range and style, and has demonstrated-- with films such as 'Hard Eight, «' Hush» and `A Perfect Murder" - she can only play on any part effectively, and with the that personal touch that makes every role she plays herself. But it is with characters like Emma that she really shines. it is so clear and open, and her face is so attractive that it is someone who is easy to tie and just a joy to watch, regardless of the part it plays. a Emma, ​​it is absolutely perfect <br /> <br /> North also prove itself very well as H aytli and how Paltrow seems to be coming to genre-- in the right roles, ie. its performance in the later `The Golden Bowl», in which he played an Italian prince, was less than a pleasure. Here, however, he 'is perfect, it was beautiful, and behave in a way that makes Knightley believable and very real. As Mr. Darcy Colin Firth in the miniseries `Pride and prejudice» Northam created a memorable character with his own Mr. Knightley. <br /> <br /> It is also excellent as support and worthy of mention Toni Collette, and one of Emma Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming as the Reverend Elton. Accordingly, Collette and Cumming to create characters that are very real people, and thus become an important asset to the overall success of this film. And it shows how invaluable support players in the world of cinema and movies of any genre. <br /> <br /> Roll support includes Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Woodhouse g), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs. Goddard), Phyllida Law (Mrs Bates), Polley Walker ( Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill). Uplifting, elegant film 'Emma' is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of gentleness and grace in the world are too often faced with adversity. And even if it is only with the help of the silver screen magic, it's good to be able to escape to a world like this, if only for a few hours, as it addresses the need for this update of faith in the human spirit. And this is the magic of cinema. I rate this one 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
