Director Vincenzo Natali first showed its tendency to Landmark science fiction film with his 1997 short movie "buoyant" in which a person 3 remains trapped in the elevator, yet invisible monsters roam building. His next feature project "Cube", released in the same year, was very similar to the room, this time with 6 people, and instead of the elevator was a huge expansion of the interconnected cubic deathtraps. Both were excellent attempts to take a science-fiction genre a step forward, deliberately refusing to show almost any visual stimulation, choosing instead to spend as much time as possible focusing on the human factor, the characters act, react and interact under the confusing and dangerous conditions. After his studies in line with the 2002 "Cypher», Natali back to his strange trend character of the film, to bring us «Nothing», his last, and by far the most upbeat and comedic take on the world wide cinematic «What If? "<br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are lifelong friends, brought together by mutual isolation from the society and the lack of anyone else to be with. Dave, who always has been hampered by a few selfish and narrow-minded nature, living rent-free with Andrew he badly located and poorly built house, where he often uses in his neurotic and antisocial mentality Andrew. Despite all this, the two losers are happy together until one day, their deep character flaws , In conjunction with some astronomically bad luck, the sun put them in the middle of some pretty serious, imprisonment, a sentence worthy of the trouble. In addition, they find that their house was deemed unsuitable for the existence and planned to demolish before sunset, so that hazy, nightmarish panic all going wrong for them, they want the whole world would just disappear. And it does. <br /> <br /> going on with a lot of compromise synopsis of the film slowly (sometimes too slow) show about what happened to Dave and E ndru, and how they deal with their new reality. Natali fascination with the study of human behavior under duress (ala Birds) here a lot, but just making the main characters friends, not strangers, he is able to break away from the elements of a thriller-horror of this room to open it up to a more comfortable and optimistic level. It's almost as if he did the opposite of aphoristic "Cube". <br /> <br /> Of course, the film 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In accordance with the fundamental realism, the dynamic of our two anti-hero often becomes antagonistic, sometimes with rather unpleasant results. As the game "desert island", the film looks like even the best of friends, when left alone, together, can fall apart, but at the same time shows that the members are vital to the quality of life. In a very twisted, sci-fi, this feel good film with a good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, there are some remorse, which can be had with "Nothing." While the two leading actors, Hewlett and Miller, do well with their parts, their characters are not as interesting as they should have been, considering that it is completely dependent on them to entertain us for most of the hour. There is a development in the relationship and the person of Dave and Andrew, some background is given, but ultimately not enough. Generous audience will sit through the less attractive parts of the movie to see it through, but cynics will probably give a fairly fast. <br /> <br /> Acting as already mentioned, is adequate, and considering the amount of "green screen" operation, which is already required, quite convincingly. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, who wrote and co-wrote, were longtime friends Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett has actually featured in every film Natali made. Maybe it was their creative contribution, which led this film in a more positive direction. Nevertheless, the story would be much greater involvement. Of course, this is quite interesting, given that (no pun intended), nothing happens, but you get the impression that the more experienced hands, a lot more could have been done with this premise. <br /> <br /> In fairness, «Nothing» is a big part of the work in many ways. The concept is interesting, inventive direction, the script runs on a human level and, most of all, it shows progress in the creative mentality in Natali. For fans of his work, it will be a joy, but for others it will be a good way to pass the time a little unwanted. It's just a shame that the fixation of the director of the human drama prevented it from being a big, fun movie it could be.
