Optimal bit, "None" can not be a children's movie. It's a smart idea raises some interesting metaphysical themes, and goes against you almost every Hollywood convention to think ... that goes against everything over, literally, "nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who want a world away when things go wrong with their lives. All that's left is that they do not hate, and a large blank white space. It's hard to focus on the history of only two actors for the majority of your film, especially without any cuts at all that is going on outside the site. The focus is on pretty much one thing, but this is prime territory Vincenzo Natali. If you've seen "Cube", you already know that it is usually like this type of situation. "Nothing" in this film, there seems infinite space, but Natali-somehow manages to make some of claustrophobia, if only because there is literally nothing else, and nowhere to go. Actors sell it, although you can tell these guys are friends anyway. Two actors from the return of the "cube" here (Worth and Kazan), but completely different characters. They change throughout history, and while they are not the most powerful actors in the world, they are at least plausible. <br /> <br /> So I say that it may be a children's film at the right tweaks, is because aside from a few F-bombs and a few unnecessary bloody dream sequence, bizarre and often silly sense of this movie It can be very easily absorbed by children. So I think it's an odd choice, the authors decided to add coarse language and a small amount of dried blood, especially since not very many. It could get a PG rating easy if they would just cut out a few things and changed a little dialog. There is very little objectionable about this film, but enough to keep the father from wanting their children to see him. I just said it's a shame, because it is not because I support censorship, but because it might have been the only thing that prevents this film from having a wider impact. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is quite an interesting film, albeit with a few scenes dragged. But just about anything, and focused exclusively on the two characters and their interaction with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
