Seeing CUBE, I was a supporter of the work of Vincenzo Natali in. Natali, think it's inept ability to take the storyline, and is unlikely to overcome this we as a wet towel for the whole storyline he can muster. Instead, it allows the stories unfold themselves in natural ways, so much in fact that you can actually believe that there is this cube people try to escape, or if nothing, a large empty space where there is nothing ... ! Announcement made me hooked instantly. It seemed so simple! Take the two characters, which no one likes, and send them into the world, where there is nothing. Natali makes it so easy that you forget the logic of that place where there is nothing, can not exist. In fact, the world does not become something irony within the film. There is nothing there, but "something" is. <br /> <br /> It may be a good time to point out that the trailer is very misleading. I was lucky enough to really understand what the film was leaning against the side of the more comical than otherwise trailer said so. Therefore, when watching the movie, I laugh every now and again, while someone who is classified in error may find themselves quite confused. <br /> <br /> If I can take a minute to give the film some praise, where the film is in the lead on this concept. This concept of genius to have the world anything, and put the two characters there, not two brilliant-minded characters who will philosophize and to work with their environment, but the two idiots who have absolutely no idea where the hell are they ! Another strong point is the cinematography of the film, although at first glance it may not seem like it! Where each wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down, it's just a white plane, depth perception becomes defective. It is difficult to determine where things are placed in the Mis-En-stage. The cinema has a lot of moments when it actually happens, but for the most part, the camera is positioned so that the two characters, and the character or object contained in the foreground and the background, allowing a feeling of depth to be implemented. <, Br /> <br /> However, this film does lack in some areas. The film is relatively short, but even so, after a while the novelty of this world nothing gets pretty boring, and you want to find some form of permission within the site. We can also argue that the current once again, is questionable. These two characters, in a sense, not nice, so we do not feel any sympathy anywhere in these signs. However, on the reverse side, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seem very real, but there is something missing. <br /> <br /> However, I would rank this as a thoroughly enjoyable film! Do not let the trailer fool you into thinking that this is another sci-fi horror movie. It's much more of a comedy than this! It really is worth a look, though, purely for the concept itself!
