Nothing fantastic! Simple as that! This is a film that should not work but does. Natali is in Sci-Fi, however, this film is also a comedy. The Cypher, thought was a great deal for the budget discharge Natali (at $ 7.5million! Woo-Hoo On!) So with what it is scaled down. This low-budget, independent filmmaking at it's best. Simple, good old fashioned speaking and trying to make a film for artistic merit as affixing the usual reasons of Hollywood for the most part financial gain. Nothing film from nothing, before asking, no, it's not something like Seinfeld! Basically, Andrew and Dave a couple of losers. They live in a strange house, looking at the two highways. Andrew is a telesales travel agent who agoraphobia while Dave Andrews best assistant who stays with him rent free, to help him. Dave tired of it, however, and has an excellent friend, he wants to move. Quaint wrong condition though, Dave finds out that his girlfriend is awarded a huge amount of money from Daves workplace compromising Dave and Andrew falsely accused of sexually assaulting a scout (Canadian humor people!). As it turns out, Andrew's house shall be destroyed, and he can not stop this happening, the house was built on the ground, he was not supposed to be built. Both Andrew and Dave inside the house when the police come and wear the team challenge. They are desperate and can not escape, and in the panic and confusion, as well as police broke everything fades to white. What happened? There are Dave and Andrew died? They wake up to find yourself in the house when she softly. A lot of police, there is no team wear, not angry girl scout mother! What's going on, Dave and Andy discover that they have the ability to "wish away or hate." As it turns out, they hated all the world away. They are left alone. The house is surrounded by anything that is depicted as a pure white color. So this means that the installation of the film is the home to install, and then just white. The film is an interesting look at the man and the isolation of the psyche, and, of course, as they spend more time alone with no food and no water, they get tired of each other. They discover that they can hate off hunger, which is useful, but, obviously, things get out of hand so to speak. I can not reveal much, but I have to say, jump head pretty sight. <br /> <br /> This film is nimble, funny, interesting. Effects of a simple but effective and Natali combines two buddies from the cube, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry, and work very well. They have to keep 90% of the film itself, and many of them are in pure white, but it works. Of course, I expect to get the same treatment as the diabolical and the Cypher, and it should appear on DVD a year or two in the states. Nothing is of high quality and unique film, and although not as good as Cuba or Cypher it proves once again, Natali, as one of the best and wishing. <br /> <br /> Natali someone who is really interested me in his three features so far, and I can not wait for his next element. I hunt god, it does not make the proposed Necropolis, written and directed by ADD martyr, constantly shit Paul Anderson. Vincenzo friend, when Paul comes around to your site, RUN !!! Run like the wind !! I hope and prey that guy does not take Hollywood as Alex Proyas made (with a pleasant yet pussy foot, sugar-coating, helium light: I Robot). Keep your eyes out for this guy. ****
