089: .. Parade flooded with light rail (1933) - released on 9/30/1933, when viewed 05.05.07 <br /> <br /> Ice cream invented in New York <br /> <br /> Kevin: after a long and busy break, we got another musical Busby Berkeley with Warner Bros. this time it's the ultra-fast pace of the light-flooded ramp Parade, starring James Cagney as a producer Chester Kent Stage Juggernaut. I am 100% sure that Cagney was Channeling Berkeley with his irrepressible performance of Kent, who must come up with new ideas for the performances of every minute. Joan Blondel as well as acid on the secretary-turned-love interest language. Scene Ruby Keeler / Dick Powell is not as big this time, but no less enjoyable. The only thing that puzzled me was the performances themselves, Berkeley, who seemed too extravagant and difficult to carry out at any stage, not to mention stage, which will show the film after. It is obvious that Busby does not let a little thing like history prevents him with the most over-the-top musical numbers he could possibly conjure. I like almost all of the film until the end, with a shameless offensive number of "Shanghai Liv," which, as you might guess, it's about how to turn the stomach racial unpleasant appearances come <br /> <br /> Doug .: Six films for three months. One must be a new record. Anyway ?? completes Warner Bros. "Musical trilogy in 1933, preceded by" 42nd Street "and" gold miners in 1933. "I would definitely recommend watching all three in a row. I wonder if James Cagney was Channeling Busby Berkeley, when he played Chester Kent in the film, or, if the role as written was inspired by Busby. I hope that it was; it seems to make sense that Berkeley is the kind of guy who would see the intricate dance in everyday events, like Chester does. The funny thing Cagney was that he did not look like a man who is in the traditional sense of the word. He was 5'7 ", a square head, and spoke with an odd New York accent. But the guy was quite versatile, going from poisonous gangsters who made it so famous in the fast-talking producer-types that we see here. And he could dance basically he was the leading man in the body of the rest of the character actor cast have a familiar face .. Joan Blondel back and just about steals the show as the faithful and the lust of the Secretary Cagney, Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler play a cute couple, but it seems to be getting smaller screen time than before, Billy Barty Vysk Kwai again, like a mischievous imp film are typically more colorful and adult-oriented musicals previous era of code, as opposed to those with. 50s and 60s, who were more family-oriented, and is an excellent the climax of this year, Warner musicals ( "Shanghai Liv" number not surviving, with Keeler does a poor job of looking Chinese) <br /> <br /> The last film. Dinner at eight years (1933) next film :. I'm not an angel ( 1933).
