When he came out, it was pretty much state of the art music film entertainment. Today it is more interesting than most, largely because he is James Cagney in the lead role of music producer prologue alternates under the terms and protected from all the storms of his trusty "girl Friday" plays Joan Blondel. Also before the end of the musical numbers, which have been put together to Busby Berkeley largely knocked out how this kind of thing goes on. <br /> <br /> But it's pretty strange movie. I mean one of these numbers, that is, Billy Barty vanity pretending to be a nice kid, doing all kinds of strange things. Ruby Keeler seem sickening smile plastered on her face at all times, but at least she is not required to act in some of her later films failed. You'll never guess what Dick Powell was some kind of tough guy sees him in this film; apparently, all strictly energy Man has been allocated to the star Cagney. As for Cagney, its high speed rants about music shows and so on are endearing and annoying at the same time. After a while it gets a bit too much. You expected him to come out and say, "Hey! I have a great idea for the prologue! Women cigarettes, and they come out of the pack of smokes! Oh, no, we did it one last month! "It's funny, but it gets a little repetition. In the moments when he had tough with bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, some of the established Cagney gangster character comes out. In fact, part B gangster director William Keighley is credited with training the dialogue, and it seems at times that Cagney and Blondel cause something very "street", even if the characters are not criminal. <br /> <br /> In the musical numbers ... what can you say? They stand alone, as a fun way that Berkeley uses the human body and geometry really strange. But none of them does not really mean anything. This means that the "honeymoon" hotel, nothing really more or less. And all the excuses integration fall apart immediately, as show characters do things that might not be appreciated by the theater audience as the film portrays. For example, at one point they show the fine print on the paper, and the like. All this can only exist on film, so the idea that the prologue actually live show funny. I can only assume that the audience at the time were somewhat less critical about how it than they would have been ten years or so, because it is a very polished production. <br /> <br /> It's great to see himself Cagney show of its outstanding dance skills, and it can actually share the stage with a dancer as Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes go very well. The music I would like to say only mediocre, but most pleasant, when replays. Direction Bacon as a whole is very suitable, but never interesting. Entertainment value of the film no doubt, and he also took some nostalgic value along the way. It is a cut above most of the "let's show '30s movies.
