Initiative, here's an overview: Queen Alta Lee porn (Lynn Lowry) murdered her lover pornography Max (George Shannon) in the game of sexual Russian roulette. another fan Alto, in the ice lesbian casting agent Camila Stone (Mary Voronova) provides alibi Max. But Camille has its own agenda, and the plan involving seduction innocent actress Julie (Lin again) in a network of sexual mind games. If doubles faces are blurred, the stage is set for a place as hot as the most heated body meeting. <br /> <br /> Although this film is quite fuzzy and never a lot of attention, I think it would be sexy, disturbing rock. The cult of the goddess of the Ravens is one of her best ever role, and she sexually innocent Lowry play off each other. Alarm Music offers Gershon Kingsley, as well as two original songs ( «All-American Boy", "You say never Never Let Me Down") and Jaynetts' «Sally, Go« Round Roses "make a memorable soundtrack. Theodore Gershuny direction with 'is sharp, with all photographed in muted earth tones, which are fully offer dubious business bubbling under the top of society. with tons of beautiful atmosphere of New York, Ondine (friend Voronov and small Warholite) gives a great performance in a small role, and exotic Monica Wang weapons, ex-wife of Max in kami chnym podagovore. This sub-plot, although funny, it seems that belongs in another movie altogether. However, I'm not complaining, since a smooth film, even as it changes gears and is hell of a lot more interesting that the erotic thriller trash now cranked <br /> <br /> General information :. sugar cookies was initially evaluated X (soft core) and released General Film Corporation in 1973, I was the proud owner of the original one-sheet poster - I was lucky! In 1977, the film was cut and re-released for R Troma Team, which now offers its uncut on video. Mary was the wife of Theodore Voronov Gershuny at the time, and is reported to be uncomfortable to perform graphic simulated lesbian sex scenes with him behind the camera sideways. It can also be seen in his two previous productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
