Opium den, a dirty little boy (actually a dwarf), prostitutes galore, a violent quarrel in a dive, the motel for sexual intrigue, half-naked babies with splitting a lot, drunk falling down the stairs, a racially mixed clientele bar with Asian, African and Anglo-Saxon refers equally, it sounds like a movie playing in your local mall? Wrong. All these scenes since 1933 musical. <br /> <br /> The first half of "Parade" ramp flooded with light is to prepare for a musical extravaganza, which occupies the second half of the film. Chester Kent (Cagney) is going to lose your job and lose his wife as a result of the conversation PLAYGIRL picture squeezing live stage musicals. Its producers take him to see the popular Talky day John Wayne in «The Big Trail.» Before each show Flick, a number of dance is presented as a prologue. Shorts, news reel, series, cartoons, and later serve this purpose. Kent takes the view that the prologue of the circuit will be the way to salvation for reduced live music business. Kent mostly along the lines of the idea of ​​human choreographer Busby Berkeley. Maybe that Cagney character modeled on Berkeley? Maybe. <br /> <br /> As part of the preparations for the prologue, Kent learns that his ideas are stealing rival. He exposes a traitor, dismisses him to some unknown to him a new leak drops off a dazzling temptress. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondel - soon to be Mrs. Dick Powell) has sunk down to Kent and intends to expose the wiles of a seductress. New singer from Arkansas college shows as Scotty Blaine (Dick Powell), who turns out to be a real find, and is paired with Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). As a result, three musical prologue, which could not be represented at any stage of the cinema of the day, are fresh and enjoyable today as they were more than seventy years ago, "Honeymoon Hotel", "Falls" and "Shanghai rained." <br /> <br /> Of particular note is the song and dance of tough guy James Cagney. Like Fred Astaire and Bill «Bojangles» Robinson, Cagney dancing seemed natural and unpredictable, although an hour flying in practice, so that every step just right. DO NOT as well as Aster singer singing Cagney as Aster-x, natural sounds, in contrast to the humming ayuchy so popular at the time. It's amazing that one person can be so talented and so versatile as James Cagney. <br /> <br /> The majority of critics prefer the segment "Shanghai Liv" over the other two. However, kaleidoscopic choreography "Under the waterfall" is amazing. As Berkeley managed to shoot underwater ballets, and create a human chain snake must be difficult, because he never repeats. Close boom brilliantly mixed with distant corners are a must-see. The clear black-and-white photos of a much more artistic cient than it would be if filmed in color. <br /> <br /> Though not as socially conscious as the "prospectors one thousand nine hundred thirty-three", "Parade" poured limelight stands on its own as one of the most amazing and outrageous musicals ever put on the big screen.
