Very early in the Oliver Stone (associate-) film production, and one of the first films in the impressive career, Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the world's only real independent film studio three, creator Toxic Avenger and at the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic filmfestival, lifetime, achievement awarded filmmaker for over 30 years). Earning money on the film itself, Lloyd wrote the script with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and another to direct a film in retrospect regret having heard the advice to Gershuni, instead of doing it himself. But while he was still a novice in the business, and this is probably due to the decision, how is it that he does not accept any foolishness from anyone anymore. Indeed, it would be interesting to see the version of the Lloyd's of his own script - as one of the most original in the world, daring, experimental and uncompromising directors he would probably have made more edges than it already is. But, as we have Gershuni-directed film. And the weather it is due to the strong script, or the fact that he is also a really pretty director of his own, sugar cookie is a very smart, very disturbing and well-crafted film that deserves much more attention than receives. Budget poor small studio (it was before, Kaufman and his friend and partner for over 30 years, Michael Herz, formed Troma) had to work with so well crafted that the film looks a lot more expensive, it does not really have a "low budget "look at all. The story revolves around a lesbian Camille Stone (played by the enigmatic Mary Woronow) and her lover, who was dead by the circumstances, I will not reveal so as not to spoil the beautiful story. This leads to a series of plot-twists, mind games and Reform person, freely inspired by Hitchcock's Vertigo and at least creative. The atmosphere is a lot darker, though, and some comparisons with Nicholas Roeg and Cammell performances come to mind. This mixture is very original and inventive laden erotic thriller that keeps him quite unclear how all this will end, which, together with the fine stranded south of the area, with a bow to Kaufman before, and, unfortunately, is no BIG GUSS With such FUSS, makes for a very interesting and another half an hour. Of course, one of the best films in TROMA library, and once again one of those movies that defy curious fantasies that their catalog is one of the bad taste. The DVD includes some recent interviews with Kaufman exercises his Raven and another leading lady Lynn Lowry (later seen in George Romero madman), so give some interesting information that happened during the filming of the cult favorite and some tips about what would be different if he would have sent him Lloyd. Highly recommended.
