My former Cambridge modern Simon Heffer, now a writer and journalist, put forward the theory that the British film-makers in the eighties were often criticized what they called the "UK Thatcher" comedy Ealing was conceived as a satire of the "UK Attlee", Britain, which came to life after the victory of the Labor Party in the 1945 general elections. This theory was presumably not intended to apply to, say, "The good heart and crown" (that is, if anything, a satire on Edwardian high school) or "Heartbreaker" or " The Lavende r Hill Mob », both of which may contain a satyr, but not political in nature. This, however, can be applied to most of the other films in the series, especially the" Passport to Pimlico. »<br /> <br /> Pimlico is, or, at least, it was in the forties, mostly working class London area located on the north bank of the Thames, about a mile from Victoria station. It is not quite correct to say, as is often said, that the film is about Pimlico "declare themselves independent" with UK. What happens is that the ancient charter comes to light evidence that in the fifteenth century, the area was handed over to King Edward IV of the Duchy of Burgundy. This means that, technically, Pimlico is an independent state, and for nearly five hundred years, regardless of the wishes of its inhabitants. The government promises to pass a special Act of Parliament to correct the anomaly, but as long as the law does not receive Royal Assent area remains outside the United Kingdom and British laws do not apply. <br /> <br /> Since Pimlico is not subject to British law, the owner of the local pub is free to open whatever hours he chooses and local merchants can sell whatever they want, to whom they please, the unimpeded rationing laws. When other traders are beginning to move in this area to sell their wares on the streets, the British authorities are horrified by what they regard as institutionalized speculation and seal the area to try to force the "Burgundy", as people Pimlico have renamed themselves to surrender. <Br /> <br /> Many of the Ealing comedies have their central theme the idea of ​​the little guy taking on the system, or as an individual, as in "Men in a white suit» or «The Lavender Hill Mob», or as part of a large community, as is the case in "Whiskey Galore »or« Titfield Thunderbolt ". The central theme of« Passport », that ordinary men and women who take on the bureaucracy and the government introduced rules that seemed more and more important element of life in the UK Forties. Specifically, the aim of the film is card system. During the war, this system has been adopted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the struggle against fascism, but it became more and more politically controversial, when the government tried to keep it in peacetime. This was an important factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee administration, which was elected by an overwhelming majority in 1945, and organizations such as the League of British housewives were created to campaign for the cancellation of the card. I can not agree with the reviewer who said that the main purpose of satire films were «spivs» (speculators), who play a relatively minor role in the action, or the League of housewives are not at all. Satire is very focused on the officials who reflect either as having "rules for rules" mentality, or the desire to blame and avoid the need to take any action at all. <br /> <br /> I suspect that if the movie were to be made today will have a different end from Pimlico remaining independent in the British version of Monaco or San Marino. (In fact, I suspect that today this concept is likely to serve as the basis for a television sitcom, not the movie). In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers were captured stress patriotism and British identity, so that the film ends Pimlico reabsorbed in the UK. One of the most famous lines from the movie "We have always been in English, and we will always be English, and it is only because we are in English, we are sticking out for our right to be Burgundians." There is a sharp contrast between the rather callous ratio officials with common sense, moderation and good mood for Cockneys Pimlico, all of which are represented as Quintessence British characteristics. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place during the summer drought and sweltering heat, but in the last scene, after Pimlico already returned the UK temperature drops, and it begins to rain. Global warming may change things a bit, but for many years as part of the British was the ability to keep the faith, regardless of the statistics may say the contrary, that England was abnormally humid climate. Ability to make a joke about how the climate is equally important. <br /> <br /> There is a good performance by Stanley Holloway, Arthur Pemberton, a grocer and a small time local politician, who became prime minister of free Pimlico and amusing cameo by Margaret Rutherford as a professor of history intact. Basically, however, it is, appropriately enough for a movie about a small community pulling together, the ensemble example, operating with no real stellar performances, but each to contribute to a great movie. It is not enough ill will and anger of many recent satirical film, but his wit and satire no less effective for all that. It remains one of the funniest satire on bureaucracy ever, and perhaps with the exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronets" is my personal favorite among the Ealing comedies. 10/10
