It is true that Danny Steinmann «The Unseen» is simplistic horror thriller with a very predictable plot, no special measures for twisting or surprises whatsoever, and showing virtually every genre clichés, carried for decades, but it does not necessarily make this is a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this incomprehensible but nevertheless intense little 80s shock-a feature that basically livings from several brutal images and absolutely brilliant casting. Beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer quickly and her two equally attractive friends to go in a small California town to film a documentary on the anniversary festival, but the hotel forgot to register the number. In search of a place to stay, the trio works in an exaggeratedly friendly, but suspicions curator Ernest Keller, who invites the girl to stay on his remote mansion countryside. One of the other girls to experience that Keller and his extremely introverted and gentle sister Victoria hide a dark and deadly secret inside his house. "Invisible" can easily be described as a cheap and ultimately perverted classic fusion of horror "Psycho" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre." The plot is a series of well-known fact that they have become known and endlessly imitated because these two films as twisted family secrets in the basement, voyeurism, crazed killers inbred and very unappetizing chickens treatment. However, I do not consider it to be negative comments like "Invisible" is completely unpretentious and modest disturbing thriller, which is clearly not going to be the greatest horror classics decades. Although the plot denouement pretty clear pretty quickly, Director Steinmann tries to keep a secret, keeping the evil present in the house "invisible" as the title promised. The choice of molding and efficient performance is really what raise the sleeper above the mediocre level. Sydney Lassik immortalized as his role as overly anxious psychiatric patients Charley Cheswick in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" is indeed an ideal choice for the role of Ernesto Koehler. His constant friendliness and almost naturally distorted appearance is exactly what you need character. Furthermore, Stephen Furst, which ultimately turns from invisible to visible, gives a tremendous performance as "Junior". He looks and acts like an authentic disabled person seeking to come closer to genuinely care about Jennifer in a basement. "Invisible" is slow and predictable, but nonetheless effective in the early 80's movie that is sure to please fans of the 70-exploitation and all strange things.
