Get this movie, if at all possible. You will find a really good job of Barbara Bach, a beautiful majestic cinematography (and incredibly clean), but the horrible old house, and unexpected performance of a virtuoso on ?? "Invisible". I picked up a used copy of the film, because I was interested in the fact that more Bach, I just looked in "The Spy Who Loved Me." I really like the classic beautiful actress and appreciate them even more when they can act a little bit . So we are starting fresh with a good location. TV reporter Bach goes to the other and goes to cover the Festival in the Californian town of Solvang, which is celebrating its Swedish origin, putting on a big national holiday. It brings with it the operator, who happens to be her sister, and another associate. (The late Karen Lamm plays the sister of Bach, and if you know who the celebrities that each of these women are married, it's just too funny to watch Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Ms. Dennis Wilson) is going down the street with nursing the quarrel.)) anyway ?? Unhappy gentleman Bach Solvang worth it, as it did argue with her. There's a lot of feelings still between them, but she does not want to watch him tear himself more about his football career submersible drainage. Ladies come in Solvang, get the job done on their station, only to find their reservation had been given to someone else. (Maybe boyfriend Bach, because they think of it ?? where he is going to stay?). Per gallon to ask, but there's just nowhere to go. Mistakenly trying to get into the old hotel, which now serves only as a museum, they catch the interest of the owner, Mr. Keller (deceased Sidney Lassick), who decides to be a gentleman and serve them in their home, insisting his wife will be happy to receive them. Oh no! Next thing we know, Keller makes a whispered phone call to his wife, warning her that the company's come and threaten that it is better to play together. Trouble in Paradise! Ladies want to settle down and return to Solvang shoot footage and an interview with the Swedes, but one of the girls did not feel good. Lamm Bach and leave her wondering myself Mrs. Keller (played by pretty heartbreaking Lelia Goldoni), who looks as if she has just lost his best friend. Speaking about this ?? out of the weather Vicki slips off her clothes and gets into a nice hot bath, not realizing that Keller had crept into her room to inspect the keyhole. She hears, he thinks that he came to bring linen, and calls her thanks. Lassick done a great job in this scene, expressing the grief of the old radar of fat that did not get long enough to watch. After he was gone, poor Vicki tumbles in bed drowsy but gets pulled out of it very quickly (in a very polite, a frightening range of actions) to something big that apparently crept through the grating on the floor ?? Invisible! Lamm comes home next (Bach to finish an argument with her beau) and can not find anyone in the house. She knocks over a plate of fruit in the kitchen, and on hands and knees, to collect it, her hair and fashionable scarf shake tempting over the subfloor grill ?? Invisible attraction again! Well, about the same time, poor Lamm becomes her Quietus in the kitchen, we make memories in the past, Mr. Keller and get the full story about what his sick sadist background really is and why his wife did not smile a lot. Bach finally returns home and wants to know where her friends. Meanwhile, Lassick was informed about the massacre afternoon his weeping wife and decides that he can not allow Bach to leave the room to uncover the mystery of his house. He lures her into the basement, where the last act of a family tragedy Keller finally opens up to us all <br /> <br /> I can not say enough Stephen Furst, which I had never seen before. it is obvious that he has done his homework on this role, studying the methods of communication and expression of brain damage; Bach and Goldoni, each in their diverse ways, just give the film gloss. Not only that, but the film ends with a nice resolution. A lot of stupid cheap tricks dialogue eyeball rolling or pathetic cut corners ... A real treat for your collection.
