Dolph Lundgren is back! Detention notes Dolphs first film almost 2 years, and after deferred hidden agenda. This film still marks an improvement for Dolph over his cheap trilogy Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher. However, this film is much lower than the hidden agenda that was better in almost every way. What this film does not have it in his favor from the previous outing Dolph, feeling bad satisfaction. The film also has an updated Dolph again in the role of a high-action, and it's good to see Dolph again doing his own stunts. <br /> <br /> films story ridiculous and Prime-B-movie material. A former military man is now a teacher and his last day of training, while taking a class detention, he works in some Slovak bad guys who have taken the school to be used as a cover for a major drug deal. The film has no novelty, but in a movie of this type you need to have a sense of satisfaction with all the cliches. If this is too serious audiences will find little to enjoy. Fortunately, the filmmakers do not take the matter too seriously, and with all the cliches you can think of action and predictable, this film has so bad, it's a nice kind of vibe. <br /> <br /> Where the film let down Miss-using a fairly decent budget. The budget of 10 million not spent. It's all on the screen with a lot of carnage, and more explosions, but many of the fights lack imagination. The action of opening the procedure, but after that the good moments are becoming increasingly rare. There are a few good moments. You have a car rushing through the corridors of the school, for example, and a decent bullet at the beginning, with a lot of destruction. The rest of the bullets fairly mechanical, but there is a lot happening on the screen. <br /> <br /> As for the actors. Hidden agenda boasted best throw Dolph worked with the age. There was a good level of actors for DTV film. This, however, has problems. Actors mostly Bad. The bad guys are terrible, but the leading bad guy looks pleasant cheesiness, because Alex Karsis plays so over the top and without a hint of a threat, you can laugh at the pure hazard. Teenagers from a piece of really good, but they play such wildcards. They all hate the power of each one and they all have a bad attitude, and of course, by the end they learn the important lessons of life, but as a rule, they are worthy and Chris Collins, in particular, has a likeability. This film is about Dolph, though. Although this film is far from its best, this is not the worst. It also marks a turning point in his career. He's in good shape, and will be in even better shape in his next film direct action. Dolph looks enthusiastic here, he does all his own stunts and it's good to see him playing the typical human action (working from an explosion in slow-mo, aircraft, and processing of a large weapons) again in the film, like its elder, though with less flair and imagination than the formulaic movies like Army Of One. It's good to see Dolph looked energized. His films of the past 8 years or so have seen Dolph looks a little more tired, and using a lot of doubles (he still does everything themselves, even though the fight), but the new streamlined Dolph seems to him. <br /> <br /> as a whole is watchable, if only for the value of the cheese and Dolph in the human mode of the main action. There's not a surprise, but it is ridiculously inept kind of charm. **
