There was a political documentary, only recently, is called Why we fight, who tries to explore infamous military-industrial complex and its control of the nation. Considered as a polemic and astute in the creation of the business and against this complex and military debacle we are currently involved in Iraq. However, much more famous series of films of the same name, was made during the Second World War, by Hollywood director Frank Capra. Although considered documentaries and won an Oscar in this category, this series of seven films really and truly just agitprop, more in the spirit of Triumph Leni Reifenstal in the volitional, scenes of which Capra processes for its own purposes. Nevertheless, this fact does not mean that it does not have the vital information that the next generation of World War Two documentary films (for example, the BBC praised World At War) was not enough, and if it does not mean that its value as a the main source of any less valuable. They skillfully made, and after the recent acquisition of some of the used DVD-ROM drive at a discount store, I found myself with the ability to choose a free DVD with my purchase. I chose a collection of four DVD Goodtimes DVD in the series. <br /> <br /> Occasionally something for free was well worth invaluable. Although there are no additions to DVD, and sound quality of prints varies, these films provide a view into the minds of Americans two-thirds of a century ago, when racism was overt (as in many classic Warner Brothers pro-war era cartoons), and there was nothing wrong with the obvious distortion facts. Seven films produced between 1942 and one thousand nine hundred forty-five years, is the prelude of the war the Nazis Strike, divide and conquer, the Battle of Britain, Battle of Russia, China, the battle and the war comes to America. <br /> <br /> as a whole, a series of film worth watching, and not just for the obvious reasons, but for fine things, indicating, for example, the use of plural terms such as X millions, if referring to the dollar, and not modern in the singular or the most overloaded schedule as a whole Series- Japanese sword piercing the center of Manchuria. However, it also shows the complexity of trying to apply the standards of the past current wars. Lesson of the First World War (in order to avoid foreign entanglements) is not applicable to the World War II, whose own lesson (act sooner against the dictatorship) was not applicable in three major wars America fought from: Korea, Vietnam or Iraq . The fact that the majority of the series poised at the age of uncertainty it was done only emphasizes its historical value in the modern information killed again. It can help you sort out the truth from the lies and propaganda of the day, but at least you will realize that you are not the first to be in this position tenuous, nor will you be the last.
