This is a great entertaining action movie, in my opinion, with cool characters, plenty of action, and awesome performance from Dolph Lundgren, but Alex Karzis awful as the villain!. The story is very good and I found the kids to be attractive for the most part, plus Dolph Lundgren is amazing in it!. Scenes perfectly, and it's almost like a nut but it is installed in the school!, Plus Kota Dobo very menacing and sexy as a sidekick!. The finale is very interesting and it has some interesting emotional moments as well! But I just wish it was another villain, because Alex Karzis just do not cut it as a villain, as too OTT and funny for my taste. It must be higher than 4.1, in my opinion, as I thought it was a great fighter, and while the children were very stupid sometimes got quite inventive as the film came together!, Plus shootings were pretty cool as well !. The ending is very funny, and the character of Corey Sevier was my favorite pupil!, Plus Dolph still got it!. This is a great entertaining action movie, in my opinion, with cool characters, plenty of action, and awesome performance from Lundgren! But Alex Karzis awful as the villain, so far, I would highly recommend this one!. The direction is very good!. Sidney J. Furie does a very good job here with great camera work, good angles, and keeping the film at a very fast pace!. There is a bit of blood and violence. We get a lot of extremely bloody gunshot wounds, knife in the side of the head, blood hits the arrows in the piercing, and other minor things. Responsibilities fantastic!. Dolph Lundgren is amazing as always, and it is strange here, it's very cute, kicking ass, as usual, was great chemistry with the children, there was a strange character, very charismatic, and he may not have shown great emotional anger, he was still on -chartovsku fun to watch! he is one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren Rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis god awful as a villain, he is ridiculously OTT, was sad and that is not threatened at all, he annoyed the crap out of me. Kota Dobo very sexy as side impact and did fine with the fact that she had to do, she was a true villain, in my opinion!. Corey Sevier funny, Mick, it was my favorite student, and I really began to heat it in the 2nd half, I liked it a lot! He had good chemistry with Dolph, too. Dov Tiefenbach (Villa), Chris Collins (Hogie), MFI Koah (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia is), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) all do more as students. Jennifer Baxter is very cute and well as the chosen one. Other actors are doing fine. Overall I highly recommend this one!. *** 1/2 out of 5
