Jeopardy is a busy, satisying thriller incision over B, but is not really a major production. It qualifies as an almost experimental film, the studio that produced it, the Metro, desperately looking for new kinds of films, filmmakers and star, to compete with the then new medium of television. Director John Sturges, was up and the stranger, whose best years ahead. He only recently began Directing level films, and has already proved that he is the most capable craftsmen. Stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker, were at various stages of their careers. Stanwyck glory years were behind her, and yet she can still carry the film, as it is here. Barry Sullivan, like her husband, was one of dozens of leading people who got started in movies in the forties who have never achieved success many had hoped for it. He was an excellent, low-key actor, well-balanced, but at the top of the middle, rather than the way the upper class, which made it an excellent professional role. As an escaped convict, who is the only person around who can save the life of Sullivan (he is trapped under the pier, and the tide is rising), Ralph Meeker more energetic than usual. It's a great actor had the misfortune Come to the movies after Brando and Clift. He was a kind, how good an actor as any of them, but he lacked charisma. His talks with Stanwyck, which is reduced to its demanding sex in exchange for keeping her husband (only indirectly, as it is 1953), makes it intriguing that was it was a different kind of film, can all have raised all kinds of interesting questions about the nature of Stanwyck in. Meeker is really more exciting than Sullivan character; and in her scenes with him Stanwyck more alive than she and her husband and son. But since it is a formula picture, not Strindberg play, the likelihood that Stanwyck might want to choose to have an affair, - leaving aside the question of the status of her husband - remains unexplored. In this sense, the incoming flow is not sufficient to have the effect of one may wish, though the film is intense and very exciting thanks to the excellent acting, great location photographs, almost all of it in the open air, and excellent direction of woefully underrated Mr. Sturges.
