This is a great little film, it's very unique and creative, with some great plot twists and excellent presentation!. All the characters are great, and the story while strange, fascinating and very interesting, plus Nicole Kidman just amazing in it!. It is very difficult to describe this film, because it's actually quite strange, it is a comedy / romance, one minute, it turns into a thriller next, but it was still very interesting all the same, plus a Russian accent, Nicole was fantastic, and very convincing. Chaplin and Kidman was a very good chemistry together, and I loved the work of Vincent Cassel in!, Plus some of the plot twists and turns really took me by surprise!. The ending was very nice, and it is unpredictable in every way!, Plus, this film is quite underestimated, and!. You will feel sorry for Chaplin, and so that it is fraudulent, and I thought that all the characters were very nice, plus the final movie is especially good.This Nicole, though, and she carries it with her incredible sexual performance!. This is a great little film, it's very unique and creative, with some great plot twists and excellent presentation! I highly recommend this one!. The direction is very good!. Butterworth makes a very good job here, with great camera work, hard angles and keeping the film at a rapid pace!. Responsibilities fine!. Nicole Kidman, stunningly gorgeous! And surprisingly, as always, it is incredibly sexy, very cute, was one of the coolest accents, added a lot of presence, had very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin, and was a very mysterious character! She was amazing. (Kidman Rules !!!!). Ben Chaplin is great, it is very nice, was a cool character, had very good chemistry with Kidman, the only thing I would not like him taking out his anger on Kidman, despite the fact that she had done wrong, and I loved how he took revenge in the end!. Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, but he was OTT, but it was very intense and pretty awful at times, this role is ideal for him. Mathieu Kassovitz normal here, but not much to do. The rest of the cast is excellent. Overall I highly recommend this one!. *** 1/2 out of 5
