I highly recommend this movie! And I, of course, must be personally recommend it to friends and family here and abroad! It was with excited anticipation that I just pre-ordered it online, I enjoyed it so much! It is not excluded until February / March 2008, but it will be well worth the wait! But first, go and see it in the cinema, if you can. There's nothing like this in the movie-theater experience in the movie made! Insist that your local cinema to put it on! I went to see «Seachd, inaccessible Pinacle» today, here in London, and was very impressed. It's a miracle really beautiful film set in Scotland: you'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll be moved to May, in different ways, you will be intrigued by, and as the story in the story opens, you will be surprised that the opening <br /> <br /> this film is in the Scottish Gaelic language with English subtitles, but do not let that detract from you if you are not a speaker of Gaelic :. I'm just starting, and my son, and not a lot of people out there today, and it did not spoil it somehow means for us! Excellent is not enough! Photo beautiful - no CGI here, and the movie better is here you have real pictures! The script is so skillfully and subtly written. Multi-layered plot weaves magical art of ancient storytellers. Music sometimes fiery, sometimes intrusive, but always adding to the atmospheric environment. And does it work? ... I see it ... and the actors? ... they are real weavers of this wonderful film more depth, in particular, the two main actors of «Padruig-The-young» and «Padruig-The-senior" (true bard, if there ever was!), Who suffered very heavy load! And the direction? So beware, Richard! And the producer is responsible for raising funding, hiring key employees, as well as the organization for distributors? The task done! I hope that you make sure that the distribution out of our communities abroad! And the Gaelic community? Will, without you this would not have happened! We were told that this film was made on a small budget, but you do not know, and I think it may well be because of the fact that they may not have enough money, they more than made up for with an abundance of the heart ., as well as heat and cooperation of the local Gaelic society <br /> <br /> heartfelt thanks to all interested in creating and sponsoring, with «Seachd» - Moran Taing! (Thank you!) From the Gaels in the world! Of the Gaels in the world!
