Incredible documentary captures all the frenzied chaos and suffering that hung over New York that fateful morning of September 11th. Intensive, personal, and totally riveting, 9/11, perhaps the biggest documentary ever made by accident, what kind of gives it even more attractive. By this morning, the filmmakers Gedeon and Jules GCD followed around the fire New York team, concentrating it on a single recruit in a small piece of it removed to deal with harsh training to become a firefighter. With a team that morning shooting another easy routine cleaning, Jules picks up his camera at the sky just in time to record one of the few well-known image of the first plane hitting the World Trade Center, and from there just a documentary was no more. <br /> <br /> The audience gives the first account of his hands, what it was like to be in the epicenter of the area as a strange group of firemen and a deeply confused cameraman attempts to control the disaster. Without hesitation, NOD follows these heroes automatically programmed into the tower until it falls apart all the support around them. Raw fear of the unknown, doom lurks more vitality then any fictional production could never understand how we see less and less becomes audible and visible for those who are trapped inside. Almost as memorable candid catching elder brother Gideon whole city more crowds and more tangible fear, all that they collectively have seen. By that time, we will see the collapse of the second tower as a cameraman protects itself from the apocalyptic garbage, we should all be, but rinse the dirt from itself with a surprisingly close-up shot is taken. <br /> <br /> Obviously, the filmmakers deserve as much credit as being in the right place at the right time, to document such an unusual event, but you can only marvel at the two brothers in their extreme adaptation to such an event; within a few desperate minutes later we see them to be like firefighters are document- but instead of saving lives, they knew they had to save the footage, even if it cost them their own safety. <br /> <br /> After watching 9/11 and saw that it came out in 2002, I feel much more indignation in relation to the recent performance of Oliver Stone's big-budget World Trade Center. Many have criticized the film for ignorance narrowing the focus of the two survivors trapped in the rubble, and although I enjoyed the movie just fine for small and sentimental Hollywood focus he brought all 9/11, but the film makes it completely outdated. Moreover, it is quite breathtaking footage leaving only the final collection to this day, but the sublime transfer motifs halfway ensures that this film has all the heart and character, you need to never again sensational events.
