Summing up this film in a few words is impossible. Every fiber of your body tells you that it does not happen right from the opening of the mounting hasty images, up to the last shot clean at Ground Zero, but each frame is real. The story was invented by two French brothers, living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Node (pronounced "Naw-Day") want to make a documentary about New York firefighters, starting with the "rookie" of the Academy and to follow him through the first nine months of probation in full duplex full fire . Seeking the help of his close friend, actor James Hanlon (36), an actor and a fire station 1, the engine 7, the Naudets sift through «Probies» in the academy and find one, Tony Benetakos focus most of his documentary on. <br /> <br /> Tony becomes a laughingstock and gradually learns the ins and outs of the plant life through a member of this close-knit family. Firefighters have prejudices about the «Probies.» This is something that they are either "White Clouds" or "Black Cloud", which means that with him, all kinds of fire followed by «Probie». The first is that it follows a very little fire activity, but one day will be the mother of all fires. Tony is a "white cloud." After some initial growing pains, Tony settles to the fire department, as if he was an experienced veterinarian. Then the unthinkable happens .... <br /> <br /> September 11, 2001 begins with a clear blue sky and the early morning call to go and see the alleged gas leak near Wall Street. As Jules had little experience of the camera, Gideon up a camera to his younger brother and tells him to go to the boss, T. K. Pfeiffer. Arriving about 8:42, firefighters are starting to use their gas detectors through the bars. Then a sudden roar that seems to be a low flying plane breaks past the place, and as Jules pan up, we see the first hit of the day. American Airlines Flight 11 crashed into the North Tower of the face 1 of world trade. Pfeiffer directs his people in the fire engine and they are sent to the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules asks to accompany the chief of the tower. Pfeiffer says Naudet stay close to him. Once inside, the full impact of the disaster is growing begins to appear on the faces of people whose only aim is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the fire and go down to the area of ​​influence. Once there, it captures the impact of the second plane, United Airlines Flight 175, with 2 world trade. He knows what Jules Pfeiffer with key inside the tower. By observing and capturing the response to unimaginable crowds, Gideon capture begins on the tape grows into fear lower Manhattan. Inside the tower alone, Jules records the last look at the world, or loved ones will have their sons, fathers, uncles, grandfathers, husbands, friends, friends, one by one, each fire, carrying 60 pounds of equipment to start a long hard climb to 80 stories, to rescue the wounded and captured. Jules also catch the last glimpse of the Chief Pfeiffer will have his brother, Kevin, he goes to make his selfless duty. Also captured on video is gutwrenching sound of falling bodies, which hit the pavement choosing from victims jump from the upper floors above the impact zone, before the death of a person in the hands of the flames and smoke. But Jules has no respect, he never capture the sensational moment ... the money shot. His job is professional in his baptism. It also catches the eye from debris falling from the tower, two after he was in a different plane and ordering firefighters evacuated civilians from the building. Then Jules trapped in the collapse of the south tower, and the first official victim is taken: Father Michael Judd, chaplain for the fire department. Then, as Jules Pfeiffer and chief punched from the consequences of the collapse of the tower, two, one tower begins a structural collapse. <br /> <br /> What kind of mesmerizing, juicy inside view of Ground Zero, Jules and Gedeon work separately, so that the document on the same day. Not knowing is alive, each fearing the worst. Since each firefighter arrives at the firehouse, they greet each other with hugs of joy in making it back. And at one point in the overwhelming emotions, Jules and Gedeon reunited. Jules crying on the shoulder of his brother, Gideon hugs his younger brother as Hanlon makes a filmmaker subject. There is one scary moment when Tony Benetakos, who left the station with the former chief, is believed to have been lost ... but returns to the fold, that «Probie» proved that he is. <br /> <br /> readings only three breaks, 9/11 is a stunning achievement in documentary filmmaking. He ranks up there with the Hindenburg personnel in revealing the story as it unfolds. In Naudets he deserves praise for their treatment of the subject deftly. In lesser hands, the tendency will be towards the sensational, but Naudets moderate their eyes to the dignity and compassion. Narrated Hanlon, we get a sense of him as he takes the audience through the events of September 11, Robert De Niro has a program in a dark, weathered. He never looks for the camera for his own glory, and he lays out the scene that you're going to see. I also thank CBS for their courage in the airing of this particular. Punished for trying to capture the ratings, they harden their editing of the emotions of relatives of those who died. This is a must see for those who need to be reminded that true heroism. This is not about dribbling a basketball or selling album of hate lyrics ... 9/11 of humanity at its best. Heroism at its finest and the price of freedom. <br /> <br />
