Super-fun spot with a stellar cast, excellent script, and much closer to the 1950 year. At that time, CSC was formed tens of classic noir. But regardless of the value of these phantom depressants, they depicted the wartime mood soon give way to a sunny climate Eisenhower era. Several films in the late 40's out of this cycle of noir or more adapted to consumers coming decade than this insolent little comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) is working as an ad-man on Madison Avenue, where words-- his little daughter, he sells things to people that they do not need at prices they can not afford allow. He makes good money, but, like thousands of others, he was tired of living in cramped urban "cave." So, with his wife Myrnah Loy, they hit upon their dream home in the depths of the countryside of Connecticut. Needless to say, in the arms of nature, they get more than they bargained for, and in a fun way. <br /> <br /> There's a little lifeless line in the whole scenario. I do not know when writers Panama and Frank won an Oscar, but they should have. Of course, the humor revolves around all the problems pop up when the city people build a large house on rural land. Irritated perched almost as fast as mortgages, all types of eccentric start building the show and give Grant a difficult time. Of course, no one relieves irritation or frustration more humorous than Grant, so it is only one well-placed laugh after another, especially when the cabinet is closed comes to have a hell of a mind of its own. However, oddly enough, the film seems to have no comedic high point. Instead of laughing spaced so well that they do not peak at any given moment. This is a real triumph of the film for any age. <br /> <br /> leaving 60 years later, we can see how smart script ideas to look forward, not back. Of them live in maid, the Blandings may not be a typical American family, but after the war migration from cities compressed into a spacious suburb was typical. And more suggestive work on the upcoming consumerism than Blandings as "on-person" tasked with finding ways to sell more catchy "ham." Most of all, however, there is a sunny optimism of the film. Yes, of course, a sense fluctuates at times, but the belief that a better future on the horizon, when Blandings just stick to their dreams carry them through. in fact, life will improve for many people during the upcoming spike, so I expect that the film is deeply resonates with the audience on the day. It's so easy We are looked overtones, along and pure entertainment value, what makes this film one of the key statements of the comedy of the postwar period. <br /> <br /> So if you have not seen it, catch it next time.
