My roommate bought the film and invited me to watch it with her. She is from China, and only heard so much about 9/11 and would like to know the cold hard truth, and she wanted to tell her more after the documentary. I felt terrible to watch this movie, it was like reliving a nightmare, and it still brings tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> But I'm very grateful that I was watching this film, because on that day, 11 September, I'm sure we all remember where we were and what we were doing when we heard, we all We could only think some of the questions: "Why?", "How?", "what is happening", "Oh, my God! ! ". Almost all Americans are grateful for the brave firefighters and police officers who risked their lives to save others. But I do not think we thought that they were actually happening, though. It was not really supposed to be a documentary about 9/11, the operator simply filming a typical day on the job, and they just happen to be in a couple of blocks from the World Trade Center and got everything inside and outside, on the tape. <br /> <br /> on Sep. 11th, I thought to myself: "This is normal, the police and firemen get people that have survived." Honestly, I thought it was an accident, I was in my junior year of high school and getting changed from the gym and ready to go to my science class. Someone came into the dressing room shouting "Some buildings have just been bombed in New York!" We all got dressed quickly and ran into our classes as we saw the first tower burning on television. Not only 15 seconds in the air makes the second plane crash into the other World Trade Center, and we know that this is no accident. A few minutes later we heard about the Pentagon, and that there was a plane headed for Chicago, but was shot down. So many thoughts ran through our heads, and I kept thinking, "What fire and police going to do?". But this procedure is it, I thought that they would know what to do. <br /> <br /> The first tower collapsed, we knew it, so many lives are now gone, the second tower was broken, it would never be the same. These firefighters in this documentary showed courage, confusion, and strength, the real raw human emotion. They did not know what to do, they just like scars, like the other people who were in the towers. They heard the body is destroyed on the ground by people who jump out of the windows. And then I was in the class, just crying, seeing all that is happening on television. I was amazed by this movie and just wanted to go to New York and tell them how thankful all Americans for their help. I know that they feel that they are just doing their job, but they did more, they have been a hero. Every day after Sep. 11 for 3 weeks they continued to dig, knowing that there were no survivors, but they continued to hope and pray. May God bless them with good and brave heart. <br /> <br /> As for my roommate, she was crying, and acknowledged that it was her first time crying these attacks. She got to see the truth about what happened on that tragic day. She asked: "Why?". I do not know what to say, it breaks my heart that people can be that evil. "It sounds clicks", but it was a good day for all, "said the movie one of the fire. No one expected it to happen. Not so, these people are in the world of shopping malls, or the Pentagon, or aircraft that have been captured, they are just doing their job happens to be there, or even just being there for the other in passing. They were not just killed, they were killed, and the hijackers did it with a song in his heart. Then, seeing the Middle East all the people celebrating, why do people do it? They celebrated the death and lose from: mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, friends, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, etc. Why? <br /> <br /> Thus, thanks to the people for creating this documentary. Do you really think of the firefighters, police and military in Iraq and maintains its hope that there are good people in this world. Thank you to all those people, you are our heroes. <br /> <br /> 10/10
