Simultaneously with the start of the baby boom years after World War II, there was an unprecedented exodus of Americans move out of their urban apartments to the suburbs where they can realize their dreams of owning their own homes. Directed by H.C. Potter and co-written by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ( «White Christmas»), it is easy, but it is surprising observation in 1948 screwball comedy reflects the feeling of the period very well. Of course, it helps to have a trio of experts farceurs ?? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and especially acrid Melvyn Douglas ?? lead deal with their natural likability odds with escalating frustration homeownership. Despite the fact that the film is sixty years now, there is a timeless quality to dream of Blandings' and the barriers they face in achieving this goal. It is obvious that Hollywood thinks so, since it was rebuilt at least twice - «Are We Done But" the first in a very physical comedy Tom Hanks one thousand nine hundred eighty-six «The Money Pit", and again last year with the Ice Cube years. One look at the chart HGTV program will show you how situations explored here still resonate today. <br /> <br /> The story begins with the ad man Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two daughters have brought in two-bedroom-one bath Manhattan apartment. Instead of spending by Muriel idea to renovate an apartment for $ 7000, Jim sees a photo of the house in Connecticut magazine and understands that this is where they have to move. With opportunistic real estate agent and the recommendation of his lawyer and family friend Bill Cole, the Blandings decided to buy a dilapidated house in dire need of repair. Nevertheless, the foundation sags so badly that the house should be demolished in favor of a new one. It sparks Blandings push the architect to design a house so excessive that the second floor is two times more than the first. Costs are rising with each new complication, tempers flare, and even romantic triangle among imaginary, Jim, Muriel and Bill. Priorities finally themselves, but not before a ridiculous farce scenes and clever dialogue tweaks not so blissful ignorance of new homeowners. <br /> <br /> With his double takes and flawless delivery of the line, Grant infallible in this type of farce, and Jim Blandings embodies it more domesticated characters in mid-career. In a role originally meant for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was the perfect Hollywood wife. She does not get a lot of funny lines, but it combines its own special mixture of petulance and insolence to Muriel attractive character yourself. Watch her deftly maneuver too nice a house painter with its absurd extreme color palette. As a good-natured, pipe smoking Bill ( "Bill Cole Cole ??"), Melvyn Douglas reveals his natural, easy-going Elan Grant foil. Smaller roles are filled by qualified with particularly memorable Harry Shannon as a laconic and-digger Mr. Tesander, Larin Tuttle as officious assistant Jim and Mary Louise Beaver as attractive maid Blandings' Gassya. 2004 DVD provides some intriguing branded material, which include two radio versions of the film - the first version in 1949, which eventually made the pairing of Grant and Danny, and then in 1950 the second version of the connecting Grant with his then-wife, actress Betsy grapnel. The most appropriate 1949 animated film "House of the Future", also includes giving us a funny tour futuristic dream home. Original theatrical trailers for the film classics Grant ten finish extras.
