Keko mask Tomo Japanese Akiyama (1993) very nice trash film and so fun to watch! There are also some sequels, but I did not see them, because these films are rare hyper. Any kind of reissues will be pleased, because I think a lot of debris fans would like these movies. Ironic story of a very strict school where teachers believe that it is okay to torture students to achieve discipline, which, according to the teachers, the most important thing in education. The school is at an incredibly funny to watch (just look at the suit!) Man wizard / all those who like the principal at the school, and this only adds to the campiness, he never explains why he wears such a suit, as all other teachers quite normal dressed. Well, the most important thing in the film its name, Keko Mask, which is a beautiful and somewhat disguised fairy that always comes to rescue the girl and a student abusers tortured and teachers! Yes, this superhero is one of the most effective woman as she was dying and fighting evil teachers with a completely crappy soundtrack playing in the background. Most importantly, of course, that she is not wearing nothing but a raincoat and a mask with the rest of her body naked! Her identity is never revealed in these films, as well as loans say «Keko Mask: Unknown"! While the names of the actor listed <br /> <br /> The most fun thing in this film as a mask Keko kills his enemies. It is excellent, but lethal vagina! Yes, you read that right. It kills its victims by flying in the air in front of them, with his legs apart and allow the enemy to become numb fascinated view, then it flies closer and snap the neck with her feet! The most common last line of the characters speak in the film, such as: "I have never seen such a beautiful vagina 'and' Now I can die in peace." This film is absolutely fantastic !! <br /> <br /> There are also some great derision in the Japanese society, such as its attitude to sex in films (Japanese censors optical haze / blur all pubic hair in any film), as well as some limitations among schoolchildren (as girls and boys are not allowed to talk in this film, and so on) there is a wonderful scene in which one sees nerd girl naked you know that for the first time and says, "Hey, there's no fog at that! "I could not help but laugh at this scene, I thought, that makes the Japanese censor to think about it. Also, one character says in the end, he'll be back when Japan Films allows you to make a sequel. I'm glad I helped as I have heard that sequels are equally outrageous. A sequel should include Blues Brothers (yes, those Blues Brothers!) In it, etc. <br /> <br /> This is garbage in the nicest, funniest and cleverest form and so little ashamed of these films is so difficult to find. It will no doubt be even more experience, if it was a little more fast moving at times, as it gets a bit boring at one point, but fortunately, these segments are very small. This film has to be seen to be fully believed, as there are so many elements of garbage I do not mention here, and it would not be necessary even to tell them all here. If you like thrash movies and films made with tongue in cheek itself, I think you'll love this little gem as I am, and directed, of course, a genius in the field! 8/10 Perhaps the only film in which the vagina is a shining flying?
