I borrowed this film, despite the very low rating, because I wanted to see how the crew managed to revive the presence of multiple worlds. In fact, they did not - at least, so it seems to him. Some cameo cut pretty ugly in the film - that's all, that's what most of the audience to think. However, the surprise comes at the end, and unfortunately, when, perhaps, most viewers have stopped this film. I was also surprised when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this movie is "Journey to the death." This spoiler. <br /> <br /> The fact that this is a film about a young girl who goes ALONE on this boat (for reasons that are entirely unclear), you know, in the last 5 minutes. If you start the movie with the English title "The Road Boat" in your head, you think it is clear that the cameo appearance of strange figures are "ghosts". But in fact, this movie is not like most other horror films, narrated from the point of view of long-writer-Watcher, which can be almost any time of distinction between different levels of reality, it is told from the point of view of a young girl. We see it not alone, but together with four friends, because she sees them. We do not see that she was alone. Thus, the parallel worlds are not a cameo appearance in a beautiful shimmering stream, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: a world in which the girl and the world in which the four friends. Invasion of the third world, probably young people with medical skills who come for a short time on the boat. <br /> <br /> I can not get rid of deep conviction, that with this film, the filmmakers "cheated" the audience of several thousand people, allowing them to believe that they did it more or less a sophomore film student to develop a hurry "chosen" pseudo-actors, who met only the night before the shooting reset after at least twelve beers. How wrong can one be! But in addition to this great surprise that one learns only in the very last minute, the end of which should give another surprise. Girl rescued the crew of the helicopter and another boat. When she recovered from the shock, she again visited the place in the harbor, where she ascended the boat along with four friends. And here they are again! They wave it to them from the boat, which had already taken off shore. She jumps into the water, arrives by boat - and they are far. Miraculously beautiful. He remembers me just before the end of the poem Rhetoromance writer: When I woke up, I saw death standing by my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again - he was gone.
