The voice over which begins the film, Hughie (Billy Connolly), Road to a large 70 group Strange Fruit, said that the reason was struck by lightning at a rock festival in order to stop the collection of Strange Fruit was that God was sick 70-excess. Indeed, it was popular to suppress this music era and see punk as a welcome antidote to it. Although I agree that the excess was tedious (and misogynist impulses that came out of it), and as a punk, I still am a supporter of what is considered to be classic rock or glam rock, and this film is about the long, strange taken 'unity Amazing fruit in this affectionate tribute since. <br /> <br /> One of the reasons why the film works is the concern of the people behind the scenes. Brian Gibson directed THAT LOVE GOT to do with him about Tina Turner (while I had problems with the dramatic parts of the film, the music was handled very well) and writers Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais co-wrote obligations and were behind the music-oriented on the British TV show OVER THE RAINBOW, and the song Strange Fruit played were co Foreigner Mick Jones (not to be confused with The Clash Mick Jones), so it was a meeting of people who know what they are talking about. In addition, the two actors of music in its own right (Bill Nye, I do not know about that, though the film credits his own singing, and it certainly looks like the lead singer of the era, while Jimmy Nail was other Brits TV show that was musically oriented, although I forgot the name, and he was in EVITA), while others are convinced of this. And while, as I said, a lot of 70's bands like Strange Fruit misbehave against women, the film does not make the same mistake (for the woman who is worth around except for Timothy Spall); as the manager of the reunion, Juliet Aubrey pretty good and plays well rounded character. <br /> <br /> The rest of the actors are all good as well, with special praise Stephen Rea, which handles more dramatic role well without sentimentality. There are a few plot points that do not work, but overall it is very nice. Oh, and the music is good too.
