There can be no doubt that Haq Se WUI (in English elections) is a well-made and well thought-out film. The film features many of the intelligent identification of constantly playing with this more in the tradition ?? theme played throughout the film, where Hong Kong John Woo's films are action-packed and over the top of them explosive, as shown in the hard-boiled (1992), and when Hong Kong movies really settle in rhythms to tell a story with a "bad" point of view they can sometimes stutters and just become simply unmemorable, a good example is the city with fire (1987). <br /> <br /> The election is a film that will be remembered the fact of its unpredictable scenes, spontaneous action and violence perpetrated by in realistic and tastefully (if this is the right word . C) the nature, as well as reasonable a bit "in pieces" shooting It is difficult to detect during playback, but the choice is really built in a structure of three acts: is the first cause for concern in connection with these elections and those who voted in this vote ?? not all like the decision, but that uncle say goes. The second act appears when receiving the baton from ancient China that tradition demands must be present during the inauguration with the final third after the inauguration, and some characters are coming up with their own, and dei how Triad can and should be run. It goes without saying; certain events and turns occur during each of the three thirds, some small and insignificant, while some are much larger and spectacular. <br /> <br /> The election has some drawbacks with the majority coming in the opening third. Trying to kill time surrounding the elections, which only takes a few minutes to complete the task is clearly difficult for writers and filmmakers, and points to multiple points. I got the feeling that a certain scene was just starting to go somewhere before it was interrupted by the police, and then everyone gets arrested. This happens several times a fight in a restaurant, but the police there and all were arrested; there is a secret meeting of the baton between the Triad, but show all arrested by the police; Triads have some other pre-election talk, but the police show and guess what? You know. <br /> <br /> After the film out of this rut ​​that I thought that he uses the holy stick as a plot device to get everyone moving. Baton spawn some good action scenes, such as chasing the truck after he was HotWired, another chase involving motorcycles and kung fu fight with a cargo of melee weapons on the street ?? unpredictable scenes, realistic and violence, but as I said they are in the "gourmet" manner. Where the choice is really vital is its attention to the fine details. If the triad are in prison, bars are covered with wire assuming that they are all the animals in cages, as well as how they behave on the outside, when in conflict. Another wonderful piece of attention to detail is the way Uncle toast using tea and alcohol, to rise above the other gangsters head, which would use a champagne (The Long Good Friday), as well as links to the Chinese tradition of drinking tea to celebrate or memory. <, Br /> <br /> Choosing a good film that is structured well enough to enjoy the movie, which has a fantastic stage setting, as you look at what is happening. Some of the internal settings and clothing, as well as buckets of style, which is filled in as the search and pursuit of the relay race strengthened. The inauguration as another short film completely and very well integrated into the film; alluding to the Chinese tradition in the process. I feel that the best scene of the end of the scene, it sums up perfectly: two characters running around fishing and discussing the ruling triad constantly remain realists, unpredictable and hard: in a refined manner, of course.
