It can be a little misleading to open the review, describing the film in terms of other films, but I think this is the best way to give an approximation of elections takes place in the gangster genre scene. He works somewhere between The Godfather and yakuza Fukasaku in opus Yakuza Papers (AKA Battle Without Honor and Humanity), in that it is both romanticized and realistic, dark and rough. But it is also a film Johnnie To, and as such it has a clear touch of the Hong Kong film director. <br /> <br /> Every two years HK Triad elect new boss. Only this time one of the candidates is not too happy with the result, so he decides to take matters into their own hands to the great displeasure of the rest of the triads and the police. This is the story in a nutshell, but rest assured, it has much more going for it than that. As with the yakuza documents, there is a lot of intrigue, back-stabbing and forming and switching of bias (sometimes all it takes is one phone call - one of the most memorable scenes I've seen in recent years), which may not necessarily make for a deep drama but it makes for an interesting plot and good nature of the conflict. Supporters of the gangster genre is likely to evaluate it in this aspect. Elections are not so action oriented, as one would expect; Although this violence. And I'm not talking about the glossy, glamorous versions of Hollywood violence. It is a dark and gloomy. To the camera lingers in people's scenes, which brutalized in ways that show how humanity and inhumanity of the perpetrators and victims; after all the violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with the style yes, then you should know what to expect. Walking is a relatively slow and deliberate. The cinematography is large, smooth and dark equally using darker shades (brown, dark green and orange) while smooth tracking shots add bright qualities thereto. In the end, the choice has a special place. It's not exactly a character study, and it is not action-oriented gangster film. It explores the situation (about the election and its consequences), but do it in style, and is both realistic and romanticize (Triad rituals, in particular echo eastern Godfather).
