Twelve years ago, production has stopped on a chopper clicking «Hot blood", as almost all the steel on the set of die. Now, a few film students decide to complete the film, despite the fact that there is a rumor that damn movie. Well, they're going to find out that some of the real curses. <br /> <br /> If the Creek was released, every country, it seemed, wanted to cash in on her success, even in Australia. The concept, which today has been done to death (as in slasher slasher) at that time was relatively cool and original. This film was released just before the Urban Legends: Final Cut, and Scream 3 (not in the US, but also in Australia), so it seemed that the first film with this concept. If Urban Legends 2 has been released, most of us were all ready grown sick of this concept, and as the film was not a good thing that the film flopped detrimental. Now, do not cut the best slasher movie ever, and also does not try to be. He knows that this is plagiarism, and they even throw a girl who looks like a blond version of Neve Campbell in the lead role. But instead of trying to add some new and original plot twists, they decided some plagiarism 80S slasher clicks as "A Nightmare on Elm Street", as well as oddly enough, it actually works. The killer is very terrible, and the mask is just killer! And instead of trying to scare the audience to death, they have created a very good and terrible atmosphere that keeps us in suspense for much of the film. There are several plot holes in the film, though, that I was not able to completely ignore the end of the next largest portion of the hole in the film. Spoiler ahead; I mean, they burned a single copy of the film, so where the hell did they find the imprint of what they show in the final scene? It makes no sense, I tell you. End of spoiler. In general, Cut is pretty creepy slasher movie with a silly story, but I think this is one of the best Scream rip-off, which never made it big. I am surprised that this one and did not continue, but I believe it just came too late. <br /> <br /> The intense Australian slasher film with very little scary. Cut is still pretty neat slasher movie and I would recommend it, although I think this story is quite silly, as it is totally inappropriate.
