When I think of the movie Cheesiest gloating type, the first thing that I think are the «80s Slasher clicks. Slasher really bad clicks. Generic type of the film, where all the script needed a 2 part of the blood, and several parts of the naked body to get done. <br /> <br /> forward to the end of the 90's / early 00's. Slasher Flick has been activated with success in 1996's "The Scream." As in the 80s, these films were patterned masking the lack of inspiration, labeling themselves as "hip, sarcastic parody of" original click shredder. With this recent mix "hip-parody "neo-slasher movie, only one worth a look is low-budget, straight to video« Cut. »<br /> <br /> As with most other" new "Slasher flicks," Cut "is based on the production of the chopper Flick, in this case, fictional one thousand nine hundred eighty-five film «Hot Blooded», to make a comment to the genre. " Hot Blooded "never finished goods due to the murder of someone wearing a mask film killers, Scarman, a bald figure with his mouth sewn up and the dark pupil less eyes. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students whom the professor was involved in production decided to go to the safe, click on the original survived actress, and finish the film. But every time when the film is screened or scene is shot, «Scarman» back and someone dies. To quote the subtitle of whether they will finish the movie before he finishes them? <br /> <br /> All of this sounds very bad, and to some extent it is (in fact, there is such a thing as a good slasher film?), there is no character development ( "new" director revealed to be the daughter of «Hot Blooded " 's original director whose life seems destroyed after production has been abolished, it would be the perfect item to be developed in the plot, but he never mentioned again) and, as in all other shredder clicks, there are too many bodies to take care of. The actors are not great, even straight to video standards, but most of them are happy with their characters (and for those who are not, it inadvertently acts nature, as none of the characters in the movie do not like to work on the "bloody hot" ), in particular those who have been lucky enough to play Scarman. "Cut" climax "s not a big deal" who dunnit "unmasking the murderer as in the films" Scream ". This is not a trick murder movie" Urban Legends. "What he has an original and interesting concept, which is dilute" Thus, we can write continuation, if it sells well "ending. but that's par for the course. <br /> <br /> By any reasonable standards of view, this is a terrible film, which should be avoided, but that the" quality "that makes it true to its roots in slasher genre, and this is what makes it more enjoyable than any of the other neo-slasher movie.
