As with all films ANGELOPOULOS, "The Suspended Step of the Stork" implicitly requires close and intimate involvement on the part of the viewer, a fact that certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. Dialogues sparing no monologues or exchanges of externalization of internal conflicts, doubts, and feelings of the characters. The director prefers to keep spectators away from their own emotional reactions, and instead forces them to study and learn the identities of the characters for themselves. As a result of the action implicit and understated, in contrast to the clear and explicit. <br /> <br /> scene is set between long intervals of contemplation, where the viewer is asked to become a party to participate as an actor, sensing his own psyche. As in the novel, where the drama lies entirely on the writing of the author to give a template, where the view of the reader and / or past experience stroke, drama ANGELOPOULOS lies in his image: his use of long shots, long takes, slow walking, gentle dialogues that became his trade brand, offering the viewer to experience the film with his personal point of view. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, returning to the non-verbal body language, looks, sounds and music, if he believes that words can only take us so far. <br /> <br /> The music of ANGELOPOULOS long time collaborator, Eleni Karaindrou, provides more than just a discreet background, but he becomes a dramatic element of the story. Most of the film consists of the exterior shots in subtle, muted colors recorded in the gray winter light. Angelopoulos is us "another Greece," one very different from Greece's tourist brochures, with an ethereal blue sky and emerald sea, drowning in the eternal light. Here the sky covered and gray, the air is cold and foggy, and sand beaches have been replaced worn-out, dirty snow with village streets. Genius by Arvanitis' ANGELOPOULOS camera on the screen throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "The Suspended step of the stork" is first and foremost a political statement aimed at the socio-political situation in the Balkans in the late twentieth century. He was deeply It is concerned with the meaning of "borders" and those who are victims of confusion between the two countries. In the "waiting room" facing the Albanian border, refugees, political or otherwise, an outcast to the rest of humanity, wait. They may get stuck against the political borders, but, unfortunately, they are still carry with them and hang on, deep tribal boundaries:. those languages, customs and race Although ANGELOPOULOS political views are well known, the film avoids any political discourse about the reasons for the fate of refugees. In Angelopoulos process forces us to reflect on the concepts of geographical, cultural, political and personal "boundaries". <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considers himself a historian of the twentieth century Greece, and he loves to bring the lessons of the Hellenic myths in the discussion. In this film he is making some border crossing itself between the Greek and Italian cultures, based on the combination of Homer and Dante's journey of Odysseus tradition. Alexander is a teleconference, in search of stories about aging Greek politics / Odyssey, which has disappeared, never heard of again. This political man, a brilliant orator, suddenly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife, and his brilliant career, to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest low. He became a poet in exile, wondering how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not the father of Alexander, but the "politicians" standing in front of Alexander as a father / Odysseus. As Telemachus Homer, Alexander grows as a person during his odyssey. <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be wrong to try to see in the movie retelling of Homer's Odyssey in a modern context. Angelopoulos is based on the travels of Odysseus only as structuring and thematic elements for his film. In ANGELOPOULOS finals, "Odyssey" is more like Dante's Ulysses: he does not go this way, but goes further, "suitcase". And Alexander / teleconference "suspended" between returning to his home and his career, or start a flight to "somewhere else." He says as much in voiceover at the beginning of the movie, to paraphrase a few lines from Dante's "Inferno": "And do not forget that it's time to travel again the wind blows away the eye .." <br /> <br /> And finally, although Angelopoulos not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religious theme introduced in the film as yellow suits linesmen that go around improving things for their brothers reconnect RCD communication, as well as Christ-like figure "politics." In the final scene, these people in yellow show once again impact on Byzantine iconography in the work Angelopoulos. They are as "Stylite" religious figures found in the Orthodox tradition, single and passionate people who have taken up their abode on the top of the column, in the form of asceticism. <br /> <br /> The film ends without a permit in the present identity of the character played by Mastroianni. Angelopoulos does not give us any clues, and the statement of his wife, "it's not him, "far from conclusive and left rather ambiguous m. The important question is not a movie or not the missing politicians, but it can be a politician. But the film still ends on an optimistic note. While the wires strung from pole to pole to run only on the river, and thus, communication across the border is still not possible, and it remains impenetrable, we note that the final scene is taken from the point of view of the river: camera has crossed the border, and reverse tracking shot of Alexander and invites the viewer to go abroad. On this account, Angelopoulos gives us the hope that somehow, some boundaries, eventually break down.
