Dying kung fu master sends his last student to keep track of what happened with the previous five students who were members of the banned poison Clan.He to see if they are good, and if it does not stop them from His Master also wants to student to find another member of the clan who fled with the money clans, which the owner wants to be used for good. Previously, students were all taught in a different style snake, centipedes, scorpions, lizards, frogs, while the last student taught a little in each style. All students will end up in the same town looking for the old with all the money, and soon everyone struggles to get the money. <br /> <br /> Classic martial arts film has a title that even many non-fans know. I talked with a couple of casual fans, and it seems to be a film that gets stuck in your head. Its a very good movie, although I'm not quite sure why this film remains with people for their money when there are other movies that get better with Shaw studio (one armed Swordmen or series Brave Archer, for example). This is not to sell a short film, it is not because the film is built like a mystery, our hero has no idea, does anyone have and poisons themselves only know, at best, who are two of the others have. We gave the identity of the four, but we still have to work, who are fifth in fact. The film is also odd that the martial arts film, in addition to the school at the beginning of the sequence and the murder of the old man and his family for the money, there's really nothing for 40 or 45 minutes. His bold step to do it, but it pays off, as the story and action to keep your attention. (The film is also odd that his first martial arts film, which I think I've ever seen, where there are no women. I do not think that one is speaking role, and I am sure that no one is in the background. its estimated personal, it's just something that struck me.) This is a good solid little movie that could not live up to the reputation it has in some quarters, but still a very good film, to curl up with on the couch. <, Br /> <br /> About 7 out of 10.
