By the end of the forties era screwball comedy it was over, since the film went in the other direction, comedically and otherwise. With TV on the horizon, Hollywood will soon be in for a very rough time. Where, I wonder what movies were gone TV does not come, or his appearance on the stage was delayed for five or ten years? Mr. Blandings builds his Dream House offers one concrete way of comedy may have developed. <br /> <br /> Man advertisement Jim Blandings, along with his wife and two daughters, living in a nice, but too cramped apartment in New York, as one day he gets the brilliant idea that it might be interesting to realize their the dream of building a house in the suburbs. So he bought some property in Connecticut and has one built in its exact specifications. Well, almost. If he knew the work, he was for he could have changed his mind. Then it can not have again. You decide. At this delicate indoor remarkable results of the film, full of conflicts between class dream of owning your own home medium and often unpleasant reality acquiring one. Nothing is easy in this life, as taught by Mr. Blandings; but do not be unhappy just because things do not always go your way. There is, after all, long-term perspective. But, Blandings asks himself every few minutes, how long a long time? <br /> <br /> This film is a delight. It is not, I believe, a masterpiece in the tradition of Capra-McCarey, but it is a worthy successor to their thirties pictures, and it could be a harbinger of things to come was a television parish has not changed the cultural landscape so radically There is a real warmth in the film, and a good deal (WC) Fieldsian uncompromising reality imposing periodically, but not enough to leave a bad taste. The people in the film are all very smart and wealthy but decidedly professional upper middle not idle rich upper class. <br /> <br /> The leading players Cary Grant and Myrna Loy plays Mr. and Mrs. Blandings to perfection; while Melvyn Douglas is excellent as their pragmatic one lawyer, who must often cause unpleasant topics, such as how the real world. There is also a wonderful feeling, that for lack of a better term, may be called a novel suburb, which was in its infancy in the postwar years, as one sees the forest and streams that drew people in the country in the first place. These people are most definitely a fish out of water in the then largely rural Connecticut. In a few short years, everything will change, like a crazy rush to the suburbs will be in full gear, destroying forever the pastoral innocence so much longed for in a small town that will soon be connected to the highway, littered with bottles and cans, and their vapors can rival anything it would face in the city.
