For all the hype, the respect and recognition the film received from the Kung Fu historians, it is still not enough provocatively in a pair of critical areas: action and fighting scenes. But I must say that the plot is probably the best and most original I have ever seen in a film of martial arts. Five poisonous without a doubt a must see, and not only that, the film can be watched over and over again; but I also have to say that after watching you feel that you could be even better. It somehow leaves you wanting something, you want more. Producer Chang Cheh sets storyline nicely for potential masterpeice but do not follow through with giving us more action we want. Styles of fighting in the movie really captures the viewer (Centipede, Snake, Scorpion, Lizard, Frog), and they showed, but fights considerably shorter. Styles frogs and snakes in particular are intriguing and have been demonstrated much, much more, in fact, a frog is killed in the middle of the film. It is interesting with this film, the lack of continuous fighting, or lead to the development of a large area, it is one of the few kung fu movies where you are really interested in the storyline and take care of the results. This film has a dark and sinister tones to it, and you are involved in the vibe. Sinister weapons and tactics of torture used throughout the film, and adds to the movie feel. In order to start the movie and submit toxicological Clan producer Chang Cheh takes us in a filthy dungeon. The ending fight scenes, of course, is good, but it seems muffled and somehow you expect more. However, although this film is one of the Shaw Brothers best and very enjoyable. My overall impression of the film will conclude with this: styles of the fighters are only shown to us, and not shown in detail, boring thing, the director had the goods for something extraordinary right at their fingertips, and not to extend it, I left wondering what might have been with this movie, still one of the best, though. 8 out of 10 on the scale.
