Of all the kung fu films made through the 70s and 80s it is one that has developed a cult. Except for all the films of Bruce Lee starred in the film, which has stood the test of time and thanks to its unique history. Aging Master of Kung Fu says his latest student Ian Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five students he trained in the past. All five were masked, and no one had seen each other's faces, and all of them have been trained in different ways. Their specialty is in Kung Fu is the name they have adopted as a lizard, snake, centipede, frog and Scorpio. Master called them poison clan, and he does not know what happened to them, so he wants Tieh to find them and to help those who are doing well to stop others who are evil. The old man, who was once a member of the Poison Clan has a map where he had hidden a lot of money, and it seems to be a target. Tieh not know what they look like what he has to mix in society and try to find out who they are. Tieh discovered that the snake is Hung Wen Tong (Pai Wei) and, together with Tan September Kue (Feng Lu), which is a centipede they kill the family to find the map. The map is on the mysterious man who turns out to be a scorpion, but know one knows who he is. A local policeman named Ho Yoon Shin (Philip Kwok) investigates the murder with his partner Ma Chau (Sun Chien). Sin has a friend named Lee Ho (Maine Lo), which is a frog, and they are aware of each other's identities. Snake bribes local officials to pin the murder on Lee Ho and while he is in prison, he was tortured and killed. If Sin learns that he is teaming up with Tieh and together they go to fight Tang and Kue. <br /> <br /> This film was directed by Chang Cheh and he was a very special director, when he came to this film. Chan was not your run of the director of Kung Fu mill and his films have always had a special quality to them. While the majority of martial arts films dealing revenge Chang did not use it as a central theme. Although there are some places occur later this film is more complicated in the story than that. Five people, trained to the same master in different ways and to wear masks. Then they are all in the same area, and not knowing anyone else. A very unique story makes this film different from everyone else, and most of the stories Changs were in a class all by themselves. I would not put it in the same league as the «Enter The Dragon», because Bruce Lee was an icon in the world and the martial arts, he exhibited were more authentic look. This film is still some impossible feats as clinging to side of the wall and all flipping through the air, but this film is not necessarily about the fighting scenes. He was more of an intriguing plot and the characters involved. That in itself makes it different from all the other kung fu movies. Very well done with a unique history.
