"In the world of the old school kung fu movies, where revenge picture come a dime a dozen, it took a lot for the film to stand out. - and even more to make it a fan favorite after all these years, that perhaps the best film of Chang Che continues to hold influence on the film industry in Hong Kong, on the theme of loyalty, brotherhood and vengeance, as researched by John Woo (who got his start in the film industry HK working on Chang) during the heyday of heroic bloodshed during the late 1980s, to more modern films like A Man Called Hero, which sports a character in a suit, inspired by this film. influence is also carried in other areas, as well as the music, such as the Wu-Tang Clan, TV commercials for Sprite and video games such as «Mortal Kombat». So what makes this film so special story - on the surface - it's pretty simple She is dealing with members of the rogue group known as the "poison clan" who are looking for. for the treasure hidden in their Sifu. All members with extraordinary abilities Lan Kung Fu, which are designated by their animal style, or "poisons" (lizard can climb walls, Scorpio is a fatal blow, etc.). The twist is that, as the clan always wears a mask, not all of them do not know who else. Thus, a simple story becomes almost a thriller. We're not talking Suspects here, but it is much higher than many other kung fu movies of the time. Presumably, Golden Harvest was not too happy with the script Chang - like most of his films, they felt that it was too dark and hard - and they really want him to add to it a broad comic. Fortunately, Chang stuck to his arms and stayed with his original script, which has since become revered as one of the best films of its time, if not always, ending almost perfect dramatic arc and providing the ideal foundation for unusual action sequences. <br /> <br /> But what really solidified film are eating themselves. Chang Cheh struck the magic formula with broskomami - not only did he get a talented martial artist (whose course, competed without the aid of wires or other special effects, put the majority of modern martial artists to shame), but the great actor as well. The formula proved so popular that Chang used to have one or more of the poisons in his later films. Returning to the question, under the arm, in the majority of the old school movie, the actors seem to be acting out of cardboard expression, but then the actors really create the character. It seems that everyone has a favorite poison (my Philip Kwok - best known to many as the Mad Dog of the hard-boiled - like a lizard), and it is a personal relationship with the characters that generates five toxic, which makes it a real classic of the genre. Even if you're not usually a supporter of the old school movie, you need to check with the five poisonous, if nothing else, to see where the modern films got their inspiration from. "
