This is definitely one of the best Kung Fu movies ever, and can be one of the best movies ever ... He has a large area that functions like a puzzle with a lot of intrigue and suspense. This film is full of cat and mouse games and deceptions, with people hiding their identity and their nature. The characters in this film live and breath much more than the average movie heroes of kung fu. All of them are interesting and convincing, and the film does a good job at providing them with the stage to show their individuality and desire. <br /> <br /> The fight scenes play like little stories, and many of them are very original and interesting. It has a steep learning sequences and martial arts skills that are so bizarre, they enter the realm of fantasy. There are 5 members of the clan poison each with its own style, which mimics a particular skill poisonous animal. Styles of each of these characters are fun to watch, and you can see the techniques they use in the learning process, the application during the film ... When this happens, the director uses fast cutting back on the training stage to draw a parallel. These reductions are accompanied by music and sound effects change and it all actually works well. <br /> <br /> One thing about this film, which is very original is its attitude to death. Director Chang Cheh was obviously very concerned about the fact that the film is not banal death. This makes some of the scenes in the film is much more effective. We actually like when people die in this movie. This is because the camera lingers on the horror of death, even if the bad guys are killed. Some of the sequences in this film really Gut wrenching. If the characters go in search of the place you can really feel the anger and pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time, it is also an interesting movie. It has all the typical things that you would expect from a traditional kung fu film. There is a bad dubbing, the characters are ready to fight on level ground. Some sound effects are funny and sometimes the behavior of the characters incredibly unreal ... it all just adds to the greatness of the film. <br /> <br /> And let's not forget that this director was a visual stylist much more gifted than most of his contemporaries. If you watch the movie closely, you will notice that the technical mastery displayed virtuostic. Everything goes so fast (because of the rapid style of sharp and rapid movements of the genre camera), it is easy to lose sight of how beautiful the film really is. Lighting and spectacular composition significantly. The camera work and movement is extremely complex, along with a very interesting rapid editing ... In scenes which draws suspension and intrigue, for example, imagine Hitchcock moves about twice as fast. Chang Cheh was truly a master and an artist who knew his genre and has been able to produce important material, working in this frame. He did not rattle the boat kung fu film genre, but in a subtle way his skills permeates every scene and every shot, and they significantly add to the quality of work. It is an important film director, who continues to have an impact on many people. <br /> <br /> This is the real package kung fu movie that delivers on every level. It is an art, it's rubbish, it's emotionally moving, and it's fun, it has a true sense of morality, but does not allow for that morality, to get on the delivery path a good action. I recommend it to everyone, whether you're a fan of the genre or not.
