When it first came out, this work Meysels brothers were much criticized and even climbed into operation. Fortunately, now regarded as a masterpiece of documentary films, especially now that the company has been exposed to real-world use is that reality TV and bad evolution of the most direct cinema. <br /> <br /> In fact, at first, we have to say that this is really not a direct a movie, a great movie VÉRITÉ. The difference between the two is very small, but it is mainly the fact that in this documentary we made to feel the presence of Meysels brothers, and they interact with the characters removed. It is also clear that this is not exploitation. In Meysels was allowed in the house, and they are included in what is a very bizarre situation is very eccentric family. And Edith and Eddie just love the idea of ​​being filmed. <br /> <br /> It would be very sad that it was shown only very voice of God and shallow narrative interview. Here we give a full portrait of madness at home, madness, what really seems to go down well with both Eddie and her mother Edith. Their house is a mess, garbage and animals around the world, faded colors and furniture throughout the house, and the constant fight, which is a constant interaction of reality. These two people have lived together all their lives, and do not fight in front of the camera, because they want attention, but because they can not help to communicate with each other in this way. They know each other too well to hide their inner feelings, there is no need. In the end, however, even if they are blaming each other for their lives, they really love each other deeply. Eddie says that she does not want her mother to die, because she loves her very much, and Edith says she does not want Eddie to leave her because she does not want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the film is that regardless of age, two women can not help to be girls. They can not be a singer, another dancer. Exhibit all their artistic skills in front of their camera. When Eddie asks Meysels David rhetorically: "Where have you been all my life," She's really very glad that it is finally to show the whole world for themselves and their skills are excellent actresses. Beautiful portrait of a stylistic significance and charm, which is very unlikely to ever be seen as soon as Meysels and some others can do.
