Hey, yours, TheatreX, found it while digging through the video at a flea market in almost new condition, and when reading the back of the box saw that it was a kind of "cult" yes, of course, he came home with me . <br /> <br /> A strange film. Aunt and cousin of former first lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis live in that decomposes 28 bedroom house with a Long Island (Suffolk Co.) and divide the house with raccoons, cats, fleas (eyow!) And who knows what else. Suffolk Co. I was on them at a single point for those who live in the mud and old Jackie himself has come to set things right. Anyway, it's a strange couple, Big and Little Eddie, Eddie ... Eddie (the daughter) is always wearing something on her head, dancing, singing, and gives little asides to the camera, which rarely has special meaning. Big Eddy (mother, age 79), apparently he likes to run around naked, and while we get hints of what it might look like, fortunately, it was fine (?) Make up to the moment when we mercifully spared from this . These women talk and talk and talk, mainly about the past, and it does not make much sense, except for them. They live in absolute filth, cats do their business where it ( "Look what the cat is going to the bathroom for my portrait!"), And has one bedroom, it seems, their center of operations. If you close your eyes and listen to the voice of the Great Eddy it reminds me very much of my late aunt, who was from the area of ​​the country and had that Lawn Guyland accent. One scene Little Edie wears a flea repellent, cute, you can see all the cat scratching all the time, so the place to be infected. The box refers to the two women, as "eccentric" and I must say that in this case it is simply a euphemism for "wacked out of their gourds", but this film is not without its moments when you really feel something for him . It's equal parts creepy, sad and disgusting, but I could not stop playing once I started. This is not my "normal" type of flick, but I found it to be more exciting. It will not be for everyone, though, is guaranteed.
