«Cypher» is reasonably conceived story about industrial espionage, set in America in the not too distant future. Although thematically not complicated, this film does offer a lot of different points of view on personal loyalty, ruthlessness and corporate conspiracy. To some extent, this film is also trying to introduce modern corporate groups and companies are indifferent to their contractors take risks on their behalf. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a few mediocre man salary, Morgan Sullivan (North), which belongs to the group of Digicorp work as an undercover operative. After the first briefing to the Security Chief Digicorp, in Sullivan gets a new identity (Jack thursby) and sent to a business conference with the task of recording the speeches of various speakers relating to the marketing strategy of each of the respective companies. Upon successful completion of their first appointment, Sullivan / Thursby sent on further missions to get the same type of information previously collected. However, on one of his "business trips", he accidentally encounters a woman named Rita Foster (Liu), whom he met on his preliminary task, and then things go very somersault. The consequences of a diabolical conspiracy involving espionage Digicorp programs begin to appear and Sullivan forced to go into deep cover on one of the main competitors Digicorp, thus becoming a double agent is involved in the intense competition between the two companies. <br /> <br /> ((SPOILERS END HERE)) <br /> <br /> What I like most about this film was the efficient use of lighting and shadows in a lot of scenes. Bright lighting is used mainly domestic / household setting, while a lot of shadows and dark color options, including deception and concealment were used. I was also very impressed Norte. I saw him in the lead role is often not there too, as well as the fact that it plays a frustrated married man straight from Wisconsin was brilliant. Personally, I think he is one of many used by actors in the sector, which have not been given a more complex role. Lucy Liu was also incredibly in part and gave the film its real spy tons. In addition, the rest of the supporting cast did an excellent job, but my only complaint is that some characters could learn more in order to make the story and closing a bit more complicated. For example, I'd like to see what would have happened if Jack Thursby has developed a close relationship with his second wife, "" On the whole, this is a cleverly designed adventure plot that keeps you guessing until the very end of the personal and professional preferences and who or the entire film can be trusted. With smart and stylish sound and great camera work, the film gives a scary look at how corporations can work in the near future. I am surprised that I have never watched this "invisible" before. It's brilliant, not too-too difficult spy thriller, and so I give it a 9 out of 10.
