Cypher smart, effective and terrible film that delivers. Its a good premise presented well, and it has its content is delivered efficiently, but also in a sense of genre demands. Although you might just mark the science fiction film, there's little more to it. It has it's obvious features of science fiction, but the film resembles a noir / detective feel than anything else, that really adds to the history <br /> <br /> The film, in general, it plays as if it were a nightmare. Thus, building and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are never sure what is happening, we are never sure why some of the things that happen are in fact, and we are not quite sure, some people, it looks like a dream ?? ambiguity prevails over all of us ?? the hero is on, and I have not seen this pulled in such a way in the film before the bar Terry Gilliam Brazil. That comes with the eeriness previously stated, the Cypher presents itself with elements of horror and detective noir and science fiction, giving the feeling that there is something there for everyone, and it combines its elements well. <br /> <br /> There is also a sense of spying for the film, which helps the detective side of the story. The mystery surrounding almost all alarming, to say the least, and I think the fact that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), which is supposed to be reminiscent of the femme fatale, can be seen as less of a threat, that and everything else that is going on around character: people who are like friends really wrong, the people who say that they are helping are actually using and those that are quite harmless, really deadly than they look. Despite the large number of switching things around, twisting the story several times and to carry out orders that put across in such a way as to make them feel that the world will end if they are not met; One thing that seems to be the most dangerous is any romantic relationship or connection with the character of Lucy have ?? and she tries to help (!) The film argues that a sense of the two sides fought a war spying, espionage and keep at each of its employees and opponents. All of this played out as a sort of mini-Cold War; something resembling U.S.A. and U.S.S.R. in the heyday of the war of words, and it really pulls through this dark, moody, often littered with CGI screen, I was glued to. <br /> <br /> What is also very interesting and was a good added touch was traveling insert shot of some American states did resemble a computer chip, as our hero is flying and from its declared directions ?? Significantly, as much as he acts on his own motivation and Foster that sequence disappears, because it is coming off of a computerized iterative controlled life, he says, to live and branches. <br /> <br /> Cyhper very consistent in terms of content and has all the elements of a good film. To say that this is reminiscent of the first film of Jason Bourne, only set in the sci-fi genre, it's not cutting it very much, but you can see the similarities; even though they were published in the same year. As I mentioned earlier, the feeling that something in this movie for everyone, and if you can look past the pretty disappointing finale that few people can successfully predict, you will find yourself enjoying this film.
