It's actually a good thing, Sean Connery retired, like James Bond, I'm sure he will not be able to keep up at the moment the spy business, where fast cars have been replaced by the methods of brainwashing hi-tech and excellent women are considered less sexually than advanced computer equipment. «Cypher» is quite ingenious Sci-Fi thriller, which often causes a feeling of fear and claustrophobia despite the completely implausible. Do you know the trend in these types of films: there is nothing, that it seems, and only then, when you think you found out the intricate plot, the authors do not forget to insert a new twist, which again confuses everything. Events in «Cypher» allegedly take place in the brightest areas of the computer world, where large companies do not really do much except try to steal each other's thunder. Company Digisoft literally spend millions of brainwashing people and giving them a new identity, only to allow them to enter as spies in their biggest rival, Sunways Corporation. Sunways, on the other hand, is constantly trying to expose Digisoft-rats and dial them again as a double spy. Between all of this loss-making business is worth Morgan Sullivan; seemingly colorless thirty-something employee who has been selected Sebastian Rooks (uber-spy) to inflate the secret policy of both companies. Believe me, it really is less complicated than it seems, and director Vincenzo Natali (the dude with the «Tube») gently takes his time to present all the important and less important characters. The first half of the film is more like unfortunately Frankenheimer underrated gem "Seconds" ?? starring Rock Hudson ?? because it is also engaged in erasing identity and radically changing his former lifestyle. Even set pieces seem to come straight out of the 60 films, with loads of empty white rooms and corridors are terrible, which seem endless. There's also a lot of great action and suspense, especially when going through a sober Morgan as Digisoft crew checks the results of their brainwashing technology during boring conventions. In the middle part of the film drags a bit, mostly because you already know that everything is just building up in the direction of several deceptive plot-twists, and I was hoping for a bit more somber figure not too distant future. North ideally cast and beloved Lucy eh convincing were mysterious as the lady who seems to be on his side. Choice of Regular directorial David Hewlett has the memorable supporting role as a sinister eccentric Suez engineer Virgil C. Dunn. «Cypher» well done and adrenaline rushing Sci-Fi fun, highly recommended for people who want to fully use the potential of the brain, from time to time.
