It Filmfour funded Sci-Fi movie is definitely a must see. Although it takes a huge impact of the Manchurian Candidate and offers nothing new or original story of the wise; it is treated with the highest skill, it comes off as fresh and inventive, in spite of its mostly re-run of the earlier films. It's good to know that films like this are still being made (even if they do not receive wide releases) and Cypher refreshes for this reason. The plot twists and turns, which gives it an element of paranoia, as well as serve in the preservation of the audience on the edge of his chair, trying to figure out the meaning of the mysteries in Cypher. The plot is worth Morgan Sullivan; boring suburban man who decides to take a job with Digicorp, which involves listening to his speech from several competing companies and record them for reasons unknown to him. Nevertheless, his work is interrupted when he meets a mysterious young lady who is known as Rita ... <br /> <br /> This film has a number of frozen white backgrounds, which gives it a surreal edge and blend well with its apocalyptic future images. This gives the film a very odd look that distinguishes it from most other films of the same type, with its only real near the branch is Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange. The plot is also very effective and the development of the ditch character in favor of more stylish - and more exciting - the plot develops. You never know where you are with the plot, which serves to make it all the more intriguing. It operates mainly well with a largely unknown cast lining Star team; Norte and Lucy Lui. Northam is very similar to a part of the quiet and confused people in the center of the story, and makes him a role. Lucy L actress who has a resume that does not quite match her talent, but she looks about her that just fits the film. <br /> <br /> Cypher far from perfect, as some of the sequences illogical, but it can sometimes be inconsistent; but in general, if you want inventive recent movie Sci-Fi; Cypher is the way to go.
