It's great creative low-budget sci-fi film from cult director Vincenzo Natali. The film plays out as the intersection of Dick Hitchcock and Cronenberg, and the film acquires a unique look, as if nothing you have seen before. The film is beautifully shot, I like the cinema in that it feels fresh and original. Plot-wise the film explores similar themes in films such as Total Recall, Dark City and the Matrix and its rather staple Sci-fi stuff. Morgan Sullivan (North) is a suburb that summarizes his life and decided to take a job as a company spy Digicorp, large technology corporations. He meets with the recruitment at the beginning, which brings Sullivan on board and instructs him on what he should do. It basically involves going to a conference rival companies and record them via the satellite transmitting device disguised as a pen. It also means that he has to take on the other person and keep it a secret from his wife. After his first assignments was the strange thing, his habits are changing, his personality begins to be different, and he was suffering from pain in the neck and headaches, as well as nightmares. He meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by intriguing discarded Lucy Liu.) It takes an instant attraction to. However, if he is in his future work and again sees it, it shows itself to be an agent of any one who shows that his work is not quite as it seems. He found out later that he and other people involved in the conference, all the work on Digicorp. At the conference, all the caps to allow the company to brainwash men spies. Sullivan, whose alternative name is Jack Thursby was given an antidote Digicorps drugging and while the rest of the spies at the last conference to drift into what seems like a brain dead sleep a day while the speaker drone on (speakers to send all the attendants to sleep through subliminal messages.) suddenly the room to eliminate fire and working Digicorp come in sparkling lights all the inhabitants of the eye so that they do not understand, and then in a rather nightmarish situation that they bring in the head sets for each element, which is mailed to inform fainting in brainwash brain and provoke, believing they are someone else. Digicorp use these people as puppets and create a personality and life of these people, while wiping his existence. Sullivan must now pretend that he fully believes that he is now Jack Thursby. Digicorp want to steal information from their rivals Samways, and they want to make their own puppets to do this, they are now effectively control what these spies do, with the exception of Sullivan. If Samways grasp Sullivan and find that it does not really brainwashed, they decided to use him as a pawn to spy Digicorp, Sullivan make a double agent. They know that Digicorp thursby sent them to work their way into Samways and work your way up through the system until it can not get into a situation to get important information about the company, which can close the company down. Samways realizes that it was planted and decides that they will play with Digicorp Thursby and allow to feed them, but they will databanks Digicorp fancy disc that will destroy their system. The plot begins to twist and turn, both companies use Sullivan as a foot. He's stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery as he tries to understand why she is helping him. When a mysterious third party is involved, the person he showed that Foster works, Sullivan must decide whether to go to this freelance agent who could guarantee him a new life and safety, or stick with one of the companies he works. Tension builds up all stonking menopause, as it seems almost everyone wants to get rid of him as soon as his usefulness has expired. Acting big. Northam beautifully and subtlety in his performance perfectly. He brings a great visual aspect of his speech, his eyes tell a story, and we see a great subtle change how his character changes from Sullivan to thursby. Lucy l just sexy beyond belief and its presence gives more dynamic to the film because it seems amazing cast, but it works because of this fact. The rest of the cast is also good. <br /> <br /> Director Natali whose previous film was a cult sci-fi film Cube, has a real visual flair. He walks the film superbly as well and gave him a magnificent appearance. For a low-budget film he shows some creative visual effects, CGI and although not large it will never become too central, to produce a film negative. The film really brings a sense of the Matrix and the other great sci-fi movies, he's with them. The plot is almost getting too confusing at times, but in fact, it helps in a film like this, that is, where the influence of Cronenberg and Lynch obvious. In the film, you are constantly working on what is going on and really surprising as it goes forward. It is generally obvious, iconic, and I can see that is an incredibly popular when it will be released in the States. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
