Was it based on the comic book? Video Games? The image on the 3-year-old? <br /> <br /> There's nothing in this film to be taken seriously at all; Sun symbols instead of dialogue, no plot and no action. Never mind. We have a high-tech international terrorists / criminals who argue how preschool children, the man-of-steel-type stability Stallone to icy weather, the dialogue is so stupid that sometimes almost fun, and so on. Even Code, using the bad guys are stupid ( "Tango Tango"). The film, which entertains through some suspense, action games are good sequences, good and snowy mountain setting. Oh yes :. And unintentional humor <br /> <br /> The film begins with some really bad and unconvincing gay jokes between the two light-hearted and happy characters who obviously has a "swell" time. Then comes the sweat induces failed rescue part that should make someone fear-ofom-altitude problems wants to pull out their hair. And then we have more bad dialogue, and after some more great action. This is the rhythm of the film in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> melodramatic exchange Stallone with Turner when they meet after a long time, so the soap, so stereotyped, so fake, and so badly that he had to get a chuckle out of any self-respecting viewer. Shortly after this show the terrible dialogue writing, we are witnessing an exciting and well-shot hijacking. All the action of one big absurd, but it's mindless fun at its best. While the rest of the action is exciting and fun, the scene is really the highlight of the film plane. After landing, our master criminals seek guidance and end up with Stallone and Rucker. They send Stallone bring the first case of money, but for some reason they all, to make it as difficult as possible for him to reach it; they take up most of his clothes on (so it can be frozen), and they will not give him the equipment he needs (so that it may fall). DO THESE gangster WANT THEIR MONEY OR NOT ??? recovered Very silly. Apparently, they do not trust Stallone, but of course, they know that they can always black mail him via Rucker as a hostage. Nevertheless, our bandits make climbing Stallone difficult, if for no logical reason, then, at least, show us how truly evil they are - that there was no doubt. And for those who can still doubt as evil, bad guys, they overact, boasting, and giggle in true evil way. All are convinced? All right. Better to be. Otherwise, authors will throw in a mass shooting of twenty children of school age, just to make sure that the wickedness of bad guys is crystal clear to everyone. <br /> <br /> old guy who flies a helicopter ... what the hell, it will fall into the trap? Firstly, he should be warned about MTV Airhead criminals, and secondly, he had to hear the voices of Stallone and Rucker on the radio. A whole bunch of idiotic verbal exchanges occur with Lithgow having the dubious honor of getting most stupid lines. "Otvyan!" Lithgow: "I did not even bother to climb on his back." Or, Lithgow Stallone: ​​"We had a lot, but now we only have each other!" As for the gang Lithgow into killers: These guys never give up They want to immediately kill. They are very creative about it; they philosophize, they pretend that they are playing football with his body, and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone co-wrote this thing. I have no idea what drugs he was when he did it. I do not want to think that the script is bad because of low IQ
