This movie focuses on four criminals locked up in prison, wanting to get away from the camera, in the hope that the mysterious black magic book written by former prisoners around 1920, these Danvers, who wanted to use spells to keep your skin young. <, Br /> <br /> Carrera (in Gérald Laroche) criminal proceedings tactics (labels) landed him in prison for three eccentric cell-mates..a transsexual Marcus beast (Clovis Cornillac), Markus love toy Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who eating things he touches (.. in prison is his sister six months) and submits to his ward, as if "it" was his mother, and academic Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who do not read, eat breakfast (the latter .. it is that he killed his wife at this time of day). Film Carrera as he reads from the book, trying to understand what is the value in the hope of finding a way out of prison. Carrera loves his child, and for some time to believe that his wife will get it sooner bail. When she betrays him, Carrera slowly begins to boil with hatred and a desire to see and hold your favorite son. CARRERE is a harsh critic of Marcus, which aims to be fully female, while folding some masculine traits, such as the development and pee standing up. He says hard and uses his muscles as a type of fear tactics, although deep inside a world of vulnerability. Pâquerette is completely under the control of Marcus and behaves like a canine to him master..there even disturbing scene where Pâquerette breastfeed from Marcus! Lassalle is unraveling the mystery, revealing slow to understand its hidden motives, and for us that is in it, perhaps, an ominous brain. Obviously, intellectual, and carrying out other possible secrets, Lassalle actually the one who keeps the motivation to carry out the secrets of the book takes place. Soon, those who are not a threat to the book to look for their "true" escape, not only from the four walls of the cells, but the cells that puts their true desires. After a certain murder book thrown out of the room with a very fascinating character included in the film with a video camera, as if it was new occupant..who this man, and he understands the power of the book throws away, and even better, how to use it? The constant in this film, each of the prisoners are often seen looking for their window to the world just out of reach. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I had the opportunity to see this movie. This play, as "monkey's paw", the characters get what they want, but the price has to be satisfied. There's a gore in the film, surprising moments of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, it is primarily a story tale. Blood is a product that unleashes the book. One group receives his limbs twisted in limbo in the air, while heating awful carnage left shows a result of the desire of one person. We see DaNver fate in the end, with a beautiful sequence of special effects on the infant melted. Fate Lassalle workshop sequence effects. I will say that Maléfique, through the well encourage the direction of Eric Valette, always kept in my mind, and to be so insulated film (.. about 95% of the film takes place in one place, a prison cell), he never gives up resistance. I believe that this is evidence of interesting actors and fascinating features, not to mention the fascinating history of using supernatural drive them.
