If you are one of those who acknowledge with pleasure such cryptic names such as "Book of the Dead," "Eibon Book" or "Necronomicon", then you should feel at home with Malefique, a film that also shows an occult tome, one with the power . to change the fate of all participants Discovered four French prisoners shared a cell, menacing object was placed in the wall there Danvers, serial killer jailed back in 1920 the first year, the person will receive rejuvenation and black art, before it suddenly disappeared. seekers books are Carrera (Gerald Laroche) to Mpano conman shopped his wife, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), which tends to be a woman, but at the same time the body builds to execute the escape plan, wit Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who once ate his sister, and "librarian" Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), presumably mad from reading that killed his wife. Reminding the audience just as amazing, busty male Meat Loaf in Fight club (1999), Lassalle begins as the dominant member of the quartet, who are particularly protective infantile Pâquerette . With the advent of the book, however, and the all-encompassing need to decipher its dangerous content, Marcus is becoming more and more important. The first time assured early release on bail, while the Carrera takes a little more than an academic interest in the events. Suddenly he, too, is in urgent need of evacuation option and how prisoners experiment Danvers book begins to reveal some of his appalling state ... <br /> <br /> Staged for the most part in a prison cell, and between four or five characters , Malefique a claustrophobic air is quite suitable to his subject (and a limited budget the filmmakers). Only at the beginning and then at the end we get to leave the confines of the cell, the required holes of which only serves to emphasize the convict, glazed nature of the proceedings in the other place. Most of all, this is a film that is trapped or is currently unfolding as a victim of their criminal records or occult events. "I'm going to run," says Carrera at the beginning of the film, wanting more likely to be able to reunite with his wife and son. Whether or not he does it will be a terrible price, and the irony of the film is that eventually form the "flight" can not be one person can imagine. <br /> <br /> With all of its budget constraints is significantly director especially first-time credit Eric Vallette, his film is a success as well as it does. As noted by the critics, it is a film with strong Freudian overtones - a distinctive mammaries Lassalle and adult breastfeeding, such as the vagina picture that comes to life and develops eye; adult who dissolves back into the fruit; original placenta fetish Danvers; dark cell, as a primitive womb from which waited for "delivery", etc. With so many interesting aspects in Vallette scenario hardly put a foot wrong, and he manages to create an atmosphere of really disturbing that when one comes down to it, it's just a matter of four guys, four bunks, a table, and a complex book. There's a real, growing, Lovecraftian shiver as men gather Unnameable darkness within their pages, while one or two points - above the vagina flashing, or what eventually happens to Pâquerette - is disturbingly catchy. Walk many dark events in Malefique is deliberate, rejecting fast cutting of many Hollywood productions: the culture Approach video, which often destroys the frightened look in favor of a quick correction action and gore. Perhaps this particular European style, one reminiscent of a similar, balanced approach to the shocking hallucinations adopted in films like Verhoeven Fourth Man (1983) -. The film, which, incidentally, is also shared by a particularly nasty image based around the eyes fell out <br /> <br /> lensed well in the 1.85: 1, Malefique benefits from excellent performance and, if this viewer, at least, the conclusion was not as understandable as it might be, a trip to the final shot was worth taking. Coming so soon after the release as well received Haute Tension (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that the good horror movies again appear on French industry, it is after a time when it seemed the only standing product came from Asia
