French cinema horror saw something a revival over the past few years with big films such as inside and Switchblade Romance bursting onto the scene. Maléfique only slightly precede revival, but stands head and shoulders over most contemporary horror titles, and certainly one of the best French horror films ever! Maléfique was obviously shot on a low budget, but it made up for in more ways than one for the original film, and this, in turn, complemented by fine writing and acting to ensure the film is a winner. The plot focuses on two main ideas; Prison and black magic. The main character is a man named Carrera, imprisoned for fraud. He is being held in a cell with three other; in a quiet place with a mind Lassalle, bodybuilding transvestite Marcus and his retarded guy Daisy. After some time in the same cell, they stumble upon a cache in the wall, which contains the oldest log. After the transfer of part of it, they soon realize their magic powers, and understand that they may be able to use it to break through the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black magic is a very interesting topic, and I'm actually quite surprised that no more films based on it, as there are so many opportunities for things to do with him. It is fair to say that Maléfique makes the best of its assets, in spite of this limitation, the film never really feels restrained and turns do well in everything. Director Eric Valette provides a great atmosphere for the film; the fact that most of them are going on inside the central prison cell ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic, and it is very beneficial to the central idea of ​​the prisoners who want to use magic to escape from the cage - it is very easy to get to them! It is often said that the unknown is what really scares people, and this film proves that as the director ensures that we can never be sure exactly what is around the corner, and it helps ensure that Maléfique actually manages to be very scary! The film is remembered for many reasons outside of the central portion; all the characters are very interesting in their own way, and the fact that the book itself almost takes a very well done on your own character. Any worries that the film will not be delivered until the end will be disappointed either as the end, and it makes sense, and still manages to be pretty awful! In general, Maléfique really great horror film and one of the best decades - HIGHLY recommended viewing!
