Good horror films from France are quite rare, and it's pretty easy to see why! Every time when a talented young director released a stunning new film, he emigrated to the side of the glorious Hollywood as soon as the direction of the big budget remake of another great classic movie! France, perhaps to create a solid reputation horror when their wonderful director to leave the country after just one film? «Haute Tension» was a fantastic movie, and he earned as director Alexandre Aja (one way?) Ticket to the US remake of "The Hills Have Eyes" (which it badly, I might add). Eric Valette long time debut in «Maléfique» was a very promising and attractive picture of horror, too, and he was out to Hollywood, as well as to direct a remake of a ghost story hit Takashi Miike in "One Missed Call." So there you have it, two very talented French who probably will not make a film in his native country some time in the near future. «Maléfique» is a simple but effective cooler, which requires some patience because of its slow start, but after the plot develops properly, it offers a large atmospheric pressure and some amazing special effects. The film takes place almost entirely in one place and only introduces the four characters. We are in dilapidated French prison cell with four passengers. New arrival businessman sentenced to do time for fraud, the elderly and "wise" inmate sadistically killed his wife and then a transvestite mad and mentally retarded boys to complete the odd four. They are an ancient magazine inside the walls of his cell belonging to the sick killer in the 1920s who specialized in black magic rituals and supernatural ways to escape. Four prisoners start to prepare its own plan, which took off with the help of clever formulas of the book, only to realize the occult is that you should not mess with ?? Eric Valette devotes oceans of time the iconic images of the four main characters, which sometimes lead to excessive and tedious sub-plots, but his reasons for it all became clear in a poor climax, when the book is suddenly some kind of Wishmaster- device. «Maléfique» dark film with a truck with a claustrophobic tension and somewhat twisted details of human behavior. See it in front of some rich American production company decides to convert its four beautiful teenage actors in unconvincing role hardcore criminals.
