«Maléfique» is an example of how the horror film can be effective with no more than well done plot and large hearts. His throw entirely recognized names, it does not have a large budget, and it is certainly not enough in terms of visual effects; but it compensates all that with an intelligent and well-written script, cast and effective vision of the director to tell the story to focus more than in the provision of cheap thrills. Eric Valette can not be named yet knows, but «Maléfique», his debut full-length, he proves that he is on the level of their peers, as a wife, Hans or aji. <br /> <br /> The film is the story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with very different backgrounds, but with a single purpose: to get out. Carrera (Gerald Laroche) gets in prison after having been found guilty of fraud multimillionaire; his fellow inmates, forced Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and mentally retarded Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud), all convicted of murder and give CARRERE cold reception. Their faces will collide as Carrera discovers an ancient book in detail, as a former prisoner escaped with the help of black magic. <br /> <br /> Author Alexander Charlo and Frank Mania «Maléfique» is the perfect combination of dark fantasy and horror in a way very similar to the stories of Clive Barker. skate film is the way it creates a character, they all have very complex and different faces and a lot of tension and suspense comes from their constant clash of personalities. supernatural story element is very well handled and generally gives the film a sense of gothic novel reading. Despite the fact that the film is about four people trapped in a room, the film never gets tedious or sad, in fact, highlight the group increases the feeling of distrust, claustrophobia, and especially paranoid. <br /> <br /> coach Eric Valette makes great use of the atmosphere, mood and his cast to give life to the story. Despite the apparent lack of budget, he handled a brilliant film that feels original, fresh and very appealing. His subtle and effective camera-work helps to make the film the dynamic, though in one place, and the slow pace of the film is set perfectly to create a heavy atmosphere of isolation and distrust of the film establishes the plot. Very few displays of special effects are very well made, and Jack trades the number of quality in a few, but the incredible scenes of gore. <br /> <br /> The characters that makes this film work, and the actors certainly deserve some credit. Gérald Laroche excellent as Carrera, a man seemingly innocent, but who hides a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud very effective specially Rataud has a very demanding role. However, this Clovis Cornillac, which overshadowed his performance as Marcus, strong and indignant man who deep down just wants to be themselves. Symbols superbly designed and cast makes the most of them. <br /> <br /> The film is stunning, but it's not without its share of disadvantages. Of course, the most famous of which is its low budget. Some of the CGI-effects, a bit poor compared to the effective makeup and prosthetics used in other scenes, however, never too bad for him. Perhaps bad about «Maléfique» is that he seems to lose steam towards the end, when he focuses on the supernatural black magic, not the characters, not too many bad things, but the ending may seem weak for this kind of point . <br /> <br /> In any case, «Maléfique» is another one of those great horror films coming out of France in recent years, and one that deserves to be more widely recognized. Jack, of course, the talent to succeed in this modest (but complicated) story about the supernatural, it is enough to prove his ability. Personally, this film is a new favorite. 8/10
