Influence of Hal Hartley in Adrienne Shelly «I'll take you there" is not open, but, obviously, has a connection with his work (Shelly appeared in two films Hartley). Not only is it the film shows a very tight story, but a hyper-stylized and extreme symbol of the country have human emotions in a very real world. Although this film is not ironic in general (thank God), small and thin ridicule that pepper piece hint of bitter truths of love and loss. with beautiful cinematography and the soundtrack straight out of the seventies, "I see there "this is a great indie film that does not lean and postmodern irony, if the deal with the troubles of love and the reality of human emotions. <, br /> <br /> The film begins with Billy's life is falling apart. Not only that, he sold his best friend Ray is a beautiful country house, but his wife Rosa had left him, to join Ray in retreat. All washed, Bill is buried in his sadness and hopelessness, as his sister Lucy (played by the director Adrienne Shelly) gives him all kinds of surprises :. self-help books, and "date" for her injured brother <br /> <br /> unwanted Bill tries to refuse, but the sudden appearance of Bernice in er Door leaves no choice for him. initially superficial behavior, no doubt, Bernice and funny hairstyle detract from its ability to "bounce" with her. However, the quality of pseudo-hippie annoyed him so much that he attacked her on the first date. And Bernice so injured his insulting remarks, she gives herself to him, forcing herself on him. For what purpose, we do not know ... maybe the fact that she is a psycho exception. (And who better to play than psycho Ally Sheedy?) <br /> <br /> Knowing that Bill wants desperately to see Rose, Bernice offers his car, but on the condition that he take her somewhere. Along the way, she continues to keep Bill prisoner with his own gun (a Pinkerton detective, at least). Confusion with longing, resentment, redemption, passion and violence followed, as Bill and Bernice are on their way to a country house and Ray Rose ... of course, with several stops along the way.
