With the exception of a few names and the new Sherlock Holmes film, I think I've watched every film Guy Ritchie directed. Twice. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the reasons put forward why. This film is a very different approach from Ritchie, when you look at it in comparison with the lock, money ... and Snatch. Revolver sets us on a psychological thriller kind of like gambling against finds himself at the mercy of a lot of enemies, and he did not expect a guided walk of redemption, that he did not know what it's for. Along with the supervision of Andre Benjamin of OutKast fame strut his acting ability and other outstanding acts of Ray Liotta plays the maniacal Mr. D / Macha and Mark Strong playing sorter hit man. <br /> <br /> After the tyrant sent to prison on the owner of the casino, urine, Jake uses his time in solitary refinement conspiracy to humiliate Urine and make him a hand in the compensating him for seven years, which he spent. If he wins the card game and accumulate a decent amount of mahi, Jake is on the verge of death when he collapses and is diagnosed with a terminal illness, which left him with three days to live. Team lenders, however, have the answer to it and a ticket to a life-threatening, unless he gives them all the money he has, and softened, to work for them, it's a trick and take urine and show Jake how dangerous he did himself. Along with having the air of death loom, and a pair of money-lenders who have a field day with his money, Jake also has to deal with the presence of a hit put on him, introducing sorter - You are a person under Macha service. Depth with the story comes when Jake realizes that some co-convicts he spent time with alone may very well be the moneylender team to take him for everything he has, treating all of the sad events that Jake seems to find his way in. Faced with this reality, though, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avte show Jake how twisted he was on, alone, with only the company of his mind and his ego, then make it so that their real existence elusive even Jake, film untangles a humiliating process, Jake and Macha, both of them to get to grips with their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The style first-class film, how do you get a sense of gritty world of crime and presents characters it includes. Although many nods to previous films here Richie still has a presence of its own from the dialogue, sets and experimental take on the gangster genre. This is also a great ride on humility and recognizing that you can easily let your ego or preset notion of mask you the ability to do what you want or to overcome what you have. The characters are well handled in this film with all the parties to be specified and accurately Ritchie fashion, they are all connected in some underhandedness, that throws a wrench in each case. I could and would like to go on about this movie and its unique nuances, but I do not want too much of it, if you have not already seen. <br /> <br /> It may take several sittings to go through all the intricate layers, but it's a great movie, and it should be seen. If you're lucky, and you have not seen a divorced US release, if you can get the original British version, as it will make for a great discussion piece among friends as you try to puzzle your duplicate. I saw it with my crew around the beginning of 2006, and we are still talking about it with a small amount of things that we have taken to date. He received his cult status, and it is well deserved as the film where Richie went out the window and broke the norm a little <br /> <br /> Standout Line :. "Fear or honors me, but please, I think 'm special. We share an addiction. We drug approval. "
