Well ... this film has so far been slated by critics and desktop-posters as well (though to play devil's advocate, you might assume that the critics are often people who are not doing it for themselves as filmmakers and board posters often people who did not do it for themselves, critics), so I wanted to sit in the corner of Guy with a charming sponge can be achieved, maybe a few people who have decided not to watch the movie is based on the way things seem, looking down their collective nose of approval on it. <br /> <br /> the biggest shortage of film to obtain broad support as it unexpectedly difficult. It has been described many times, how to make a film "unavailable" for the viewer. Chronology of the film is relatively nonlinear and symbols are used not only as a means of storytelling, but also as a tool for showing us the subtle (or not so subtle) hints at prejudice we give things, how we memorize, IE. the character of Ray Liotta in gun waving, saying the word "fear me" is portrayed as a tragic and pathetic (POV from a Statham), or to interrogate and bold (by Liotta in POV). This is just one example of a much more mature approach Ritchie he took on shooting with a revolver, we have a story line, which is a fairly archetypal (strong but silent rough antihero is released from prison with a score to settle, but gets drawn inadvertently into the world of corruption ... I mean, it's paint on the film noir numbers here, guys, all the way down to the choice of a vague poetic diction and rough voice-over), but then Guy took this structure to make a number of highly philosophical and intricate points. <br /> <br /> Take the scene where the hero Jason Statham in goes against the car. Blank This sequence could fly out of the film and is irrelevant to history in general ... but Richie makes a point about how these small coincidences, such as getting a phone call can make the difference between life and death. <, Br /> <br /> Thus, the final act of the film is quite incredible, I'd take the p * ss, when I said that I did not spend the last 20 minutes or so of the film turned to my date is going "uh ... WTF ? "... but it shoddiest reason to ignore the work of art. It's too easy to not like something because you find it hard to understand. It is even easier to say" well no one seemed to understand this, so it must be a real piece of shit film! ". in my humble opinion, Revolver stylish, sophisticated and mature piece of modern art, which is to be met with in the same way, we would be given a job Saatchi brothers. If we choose this opportunity to collectively say, "Oh, shit, I wanted the movie to load bleeding" cockney gangster-Nita heels ... Guy Ritchie appears and tit! "the day will come when filmmakers are allowed only to do what is expected of them shallow, bad people. Just because Guy made his name with fun, brash Cockney romps, does not mean that it can not be deep, without being "artsy". Funny people can be thoughtful, too.
