Although «The Sopranos» another gift from the megahit "The Godfather" and the sequels that are theatrical and somewhat hidden mafia, "The Sopranos" takes a different tack. I did not fit, stylish mafia here with homes in Lake Tahoe and stakes in Vegas casinos - these guys goombahs, with waste management front, who are dealing with things that fall down on the truck back, topless bars, money protection - in short what neighborhood mobs were all. <br /> <br /> Colorful characters dominate this series, do not hold back on sex and violence scenes. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a mobile head with a wife and two children, lives in New Jersey, who suffers from panic attacks, as he tries to balance his biological family with one of his mafia. In order to get to the bottom of his attacks, he sees a psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him, and yet attracted to it at the same time. henchman Tony - Paulie, his nephew, Christopher, his Uncle Junior (titular heads of the crowd), his good friend Pussy - all fully fleshed out characters waiting <br /> <br /> As we know, after going through a series ,. there are enemies not only outside but also inside, and one of these enemies include painful, but horrible Tony's mother (Nancy Marchand), which proves that Tony Jr. is a danger to him. Tony's sister Janice, meanwhile, is looking for money in her mother's house with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony has problems mistress and wife (Edie Falco), which agrees with a lot because she loved him, all the while keeping the connection to her Catholic religion. "The Church frowns on divorce," she says a woman is considering a split. "Let the pope live with it," is the answer. As for the problems, the owner Tony, his psychiatrist suggests that Tony attract discerning women for whom nothing ever enough, and asks him if this sounds familiar. Yes, it sounds like his mother. <br /> <br /> I'm of Italian descent, and so, I'm sick of Italians stated in a negative light, and all assuming that all Italians are mobsters. However, you can not love this show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving Day is shown, wholly turkey and sweet potato pie - a snack, then Menikotti, meatballs and Escarole, and then a bird) Not to mention, the right-to pronunciation of words as melenzana (mullinyan), Escarole (scarole), Menikotti (manigot) etc. only non-Italian thing about Tony, he did not have a finished basement, something unheard of in the rest of my family (except my parents never one either). <br /> <br /> in the standouts in this show are Gandolfini as a ruthless gangster on antidepressants, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife, and how exhausted Jennifer Bracco. But everything is fine. If you can accept the violence and language, it is a great show, ruthless portrait of New Jersey mob life.
