Now I have read some negative reviews for this show on this site, and quite frankly, I'm shocked. For those who even think that Sun Sopranos Television, I'm afraid I do not know what the world has come. Let me say something. I started watching a lot T.V show as Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, dryness, and even the invasion. But all these shows have lost touch after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I refuse to look at, because the company took two brilliant ideas and to understand them, making more than one season. Then we have The Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only television series I've ever watched where I was captured in all its seasons, and more importantly, all of its episodes. There is no department that this show did not do well in. Acting- Nothing remarkable. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel that his actions are absolutely stunning in every episode, after I heard that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony, I felt that it would be the best choice, but after watching the first few episodes, I know that HBO has done a great job in the foundry James, Tony. The raw emotion he shows excellent. Then we have all the others, Edie Falco, Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Kyaneze (which I remembered as Johnny Ola in the Godfather Part 2), and my personal two favorite characters Ceric and Van Zandt Paulie «Walnuts» Gualtieri and Silvio Dante All these actors perform to the best quality, and all gives excellent performance in every episode. Then we have the story, I have never been so sucked into T.V show before. History is nothing but how great. Each episode is directed Score great and the show was fantastic. I feel that The Sopranos is one show that I can watch over and over again and never get bored. Its got all of the funny humor of torture, but nevertheless it is and will always be the best thing that ever adorn television, and I challenge anyone to find a real flaw in the show. Do not just say it is too strong, or they feel that the character of Tony immoral, I mean, it's the mafia show in the end, I do not think that the characters will be very honest and faithful to God, I pray that all to see this show, because, believe me, you'll be hooked from the very first episode, I was, and I even got a few friends who first refused to watch the show on a cross on it. Believe me when I say that this show is a godsend compared to the crap that comes to TV After you have watched the first season, you're bound to agree with me if I say it again, it's a show dominated the television and nO TV show current or future never overshadow the miracle that Soprano.
