Not only that, the story lines in «The Sopranos» attract viewers from around the world, but I think that (for me at least) that leads viewers back to acting. (Not even you, Gary, can challenge this claim), James Gandolfini, who plays the leading man, Tony Soprano, became (in the opinion of this viewer) one of the "Hollywood Elite" as acting in the television series is. I would not go ahead and compare it with Robert De Niro and Al Pacino, or at least not just yet. He, however, did not make a hell of a job playing the role of Tony Soprano. In subsequent years, starting in 1999, Gandolfini has risen to such a degree as an actor (mainly due to his role in The Sopranos), that today he is considered one of the best in the business. And it's not just him. "The Sopranos" the field large supporting cast in Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Kyaneze, and at the end of Nancy Marchand, who played Tony terrible mother as well. At this point in the existence of the show, it is now considered a cult classic, and rightfully so. The first two seasons were extraordinary. Violent and pretty disgusting in a fairly frequent manner, but without a doubt, very done. The third season was great, but did not quite live up to the hype of seasons 1 and 2. 4 seasons that are wrapped before the new-years, was the weakest season yet (or, at least, in my opinion, it was) Despite the dry spell, I still found it (season 4 «The Sopranos»), to be more interesting than most of its competitors, and that says a lot, because recently I began to notice a trend in the nice new television show. Examples of this are: Six Feet Under, The Shield, Curb Your Enthusiasm, and OZ (which is not technically a new show, but ended up with a memorable final season this year). To return to my point, though, to see the show better than all competitors in a particularly bad year, at least, quite an achievement on the part of the authors. "The Sopranos" took above and beyond all other television shows in their ages and the authors deserve a lot of credit. To close, I would say, "The Sopranos" is the real people of the transaction. For the average adult audience (17 and above), who loves drama and does not think mixing a bit of violence and profanity, you may want to check «The Sopranos», if you get the chance. Believe me, it will be well worth the time.
