I can not add very much to the positive reviews already here - a lot of action, letter balanced, multi-faceted characters, excellent anti-hero Tony, great comment on thousands of years of American life. Integral use of psychiatry in conjunction with mother issues Tony especially fresh and humorous. Several other characters add a lot of depth. - HESH interesting story as an outsider in the presses, the total depravity of irreparable Ralphie, double Chris desire in life, and so on <br /> <br /> I have to dig into some of the criticisms however, especially "glorifies violence / detract from the Italian -amerykantsav one.Most writers and actors of the Italian-American, they will attack itself there are a few positive Italian-American characters -. Artie Bucco cook, Dr. Melfi and her family and Cusamanos near Soprano Indeed, ex-husband, Dr. Melfi noted in season 1 that only a small minority of Italian Ameri The ends have ever had Mob connection (certainly less than the proportion of African-Americans involved in a crime, I dare say. In both cases, poverty and lack of opportunities are the biggest reasons) <br /> <br /> Most of the characters not exactly choose the life they have family status or circumstances largely monopolize it Outsiders (even Italian shares), who are trying to integrate into it, as a rule, are responsible disappointing end -.. Matthew and his friend in season 2, example . If you criticize the show, I believe, Fraser did you want to be a psychiatrist, or Grace, and made you want to go gay? Presumably, you will not listen to rap music, considering the gang or r'n'b, which discusses promiscuity or rock music, which discusses drugs (or any other combination)? People are not as stupid as some of you make out .... <br /> <br /> Not all is perfect, however. Many characters have appeared only once, when all logic they should have seen, or at least in previous episodes - Tracee dancers, each Meadow ally, Uncle Junior ladyfriend (allegedly for 20 years until they split to season 1).
