This is an excellent example of a good, silent movies. No, it's not high art by any means. It is not the script anywhere close to Woody Allen and Mel Brooks. BUT SO WHAT! Series Killer Tomatoes (four films and a series of cartoons) primarily hearted romps happily trampling on a territory Zuckers rules, before they moved on to the creation of serious clicks. <br /> <br /> As the name implies, it is the fourth installment of the killer tomatoes trilogy deals with the plot of the killer tomatoes against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (third time John Austin in the role) has a plan to eliminate France through an ancient prophecy about the return of the true king of France. Steve Lundquist returned as Igor, tomatoes humanoid who wants to be sporty and who just happens to be dead poured out long ago lost the true king of France. Apparently, he also plays the aforementioned LL t K P, fortunately, skewering the French language. <br /> <br /> against them is fearless Fuzzy tomato (as well as others, FT was introduced in the second film will be the main character in the movie) and its human allies. Mark Price, the newly unemployed as a result of the conclusion of a number of family ties plays a slightly modified version of himself, passing himself as "Michael J. Fox" as a way to win the girl of his dreams. And Angela Visser dream as Mary joyfully bouncing between virgin shameless sexuality and borderline psychosis. The fact that the former Miss Netherlands had a film career! Other returning members of the company Killer Tomatoes Rick Rockwell (now best known as the title of a bad subject, "Who wants to marry a millionaire?"). As co-author John De Bello, Rockwell operates both in front and behind the camera in this series. <br /> <br /> What can you say about John De Bello? Not much, really, except that it had a separate vision and was able to pull it out and making it apparently fell into obscurity. John, if you ever see it, thank you for giving us the Killer Tomatoes. <br /> <br /> The script is difficult, but not insulting to know that this is just a movie. How Appealing killer tomatoes, action sometimes face set in the middle of shooting. And Mark Price has a fun forum to complain about their disadvantaged compared with his former Costar Michael J Fox. This is the largest budget of all the clicks Killer Tomatoes and a good send-off in the series. Well, the show then moved to Fox Kids in the form of a cartoon series (which was also very clever), but cartoons just are not the same.
