I like Midnight Cowboy, and have it in my collection of videos, it's my favorite. What is interesting to me as if Midnight Cowboy was released in 1969, it was so shocking to the audience that he was rated X. Of course, at this time X is consistency. Since I was only two years old at the time of release of the film, it's hard for me to imagine how shocked the audience were then. However, when I try to take into account that many of the topics covered in the film, which included prostitution (the name was a prostitute slang); homosexuality; loneliness; physical (and to some extent the emotional as well) and drug abuse is difficult for many people to talk about to this day, I can start to get an idea of ​​what viewers of this film remembered for his release. It should be noted that in 1970, Midnight Cowboy was downgraded to R-rated, and despite the fact that there is still R rating, some of the scenes can almost be rated PG-13 by today's standards. <br /> <br /> I want to briefly give an overview of the plot, although it is likely to know that almost everyone who heard about the film. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck from Texas, who decides that he can make it big as a male hustler in New York, accompanied by a rich women. It emulates a cowboy actor Roy Rogers, wearing cowboy clothes, thinking that it will hit the woman. Once rejected by all the women he came across, he meets a sleazy scammer named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, who plays Dustin Hoffman. Ratso assures Joe that he can do all kinds of money, if he has a manager. Once again, Joe cheated and by the time homeless. However, Joe and Ratso comes invited to stay in a rundown apartment. Without giving away much more of the plot, I want to say that the rest of the film is dedicated to Joe and Ratso, as they try to help each other in an attempt to realize their dreams. IE Joe does it as a gigolo and Ratso down to Florida, where he thinks he can restore his health. <br /> <br /> I want to make a few comments about the movie itself. First of all, a great acting, especially lead. Despite the fact that the film is actually very sad from beginning to end, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes that while they are not meant to be funny, I find them amusing. For example, the classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight is on the high street and taxis almost running them. Dustin Hoffman knocks on the taxi and says, "Hey, here I go! I'm walking here! "I get a kick out of this scene, because it's so typical for New York, where so many people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to mind is the scene where Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight), a guy named O'Daniel. What is funny that in the first, we believe that there O'Daniel recruit Alphonse and can understand why Joe is getting so excited, but then we begin to understand that O'Daniel nothing but religious nuts. In addition to the two scenes I have already said, I love the scene where Joe and Ratso quarrel in his apartment when Ratso Joe says that his cowboy outfit only attracts homosexuals and Joe says that in self-defense, "John Wayne! Are you going to tell me that he fag! "What I like is the delivery to the scene. <br /> <br /> I would say that even if Midnight Cowboy was established in the late 60s, many of which ring true today. This is because although the area around 42nd Street in New York, has been cleared in the form of Disneyfication over the past few years, homelessness is still as prevalent there now as it was 40 years ago. In addition, many people have unrealistic dreams about how they are going to hit it big only to have their dreams shattered, as was the case with the character of Jon Voight. One thing that strikes me about the character of Jon Voight in how he survived, and I felt that at the end of the film, he had a lot and that Ratso (character Dustin Hoffman) was a good influence on him. <, Br /> <br /> In conclusion, I want to say that I assume that when watching this film, you have to watch it at least a couple of times, because there are so many things that are going on. For example, there are plenty of historical and dream sequences, which have made more sense to me after a few views. Also, what I find interesting is that there is a lot in this film that remains in the interpretation of such as what actually happened with Joe Buck (Jon Voight character), as well as people who have been of his life in Texas. Even the ending, while I do not want to give it to those who have not seen the movie, quite open.
