Sour, tireless, and beautiful, John Schlesinger masterpiece no less effective than it is today 35 years ago, when American life was even more disorienting. The film probably could not be done at any other time in history, because many coups occurred in the late 1960s: the final dissolution of the Great American West, the intensification of the war in Vietnam, and the clash of social ideals that were. surprisingly different <br /> <br /> «Midnight Cowboy" is widely known as Academy award-winning film to secure the rating «X», but there is much more to his fame; it is also higher than normal, as a work of art. Despite the fact that this film (from the novel by James Leo Herlihy) a lot of talk about the erosion of American life, it goes beyond the 60th year in politics, looking at the hidden ties of friendship and deal with the familiar person at all times. The two main characters, in fact, are the standard anti-heroes -. Men who have nothing great to offer, but enough to express our world <br /> <br /> The initial focus of "Midnight Cowboy" is a 28-year-old Joe Buck, a native of Texas physically big plays Jon Voight. In the first scene, we follow the bus ride to Joe in New York, where he plans to use one of his few real talents - the ability to satisfy a woman - and make his fortune as a hustler. We learn of his arrival, Joe ridiculously naive in the sex trade. Dressed in cowboy duds and declaring himself "damn studs," the young Texan flounder through their tricks early, before the partnership with Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a painful and fraudsters thief from the Bronx. Ratso, which is short, thin, and with a limp, is little monetary help Joe. They quickly run out of cash, and as life gets hard in the winter months, Joe and Ratso shaking the convict Manhattan apartment building with just a dollar or a square meal for them names. It was during this period that a strong friendship develops between the two men, who rely on each other to battle huge odds. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, Joe listens to earlier years in Texas, including living with his grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who served as a trustee; harried his relationship with «Crazy» Annie (Jennifer Salt), an infamous local girl; and traumatic event in which Joe and Annie were attacked by urban folk who want to destroy the love affair. Very much of his time, "Midnight Cowboy" line with a wild array of flashbacks, dream sequences, and psychedelic imagery that shed light on the main characters, as well as distorting their origin. In every moment of understanding we have with Joe and Ratso, more questions their lives are generated. The two men, no doubt, in rags, they do not have a clear sense of direction until Ratso misses the throes of illness and Joe finally feels aim to be alive. The statement is pushing "Midnight cowboy" to a close , ve lmi encouraging a very dark story. <br /> <br /> While Joe and Ratso much need luck, directed by John Schlesinger clearly stated and uses the rough atmosphere in the screenplay by Waldo Salt allowing Voight and Hoffman thrive. Their interaction look very naturally, and the supporting cast that features Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro, and members of the clique of Andy Warhol, offers itself as an essential part of the storyline. Retrospective sequence involving Voight, Ruth White, and Jennifer Salt is particularly impressive in dealing with grief the loss of time. <br /> <br /> Any young person wondering about the psychedelic era advised to see this movie, thanks to the excellent cinematography Adam Holender ( "The boy who could fly," "Wind") and edit Hugh Robertson ( "Wave") . Visual work "Midnight Cowboy" and its soundtrack (compiled by John Barry) as a whole, sometimes anticipating the music videos of the last two decades. Referring lead in all song sung Nilsson, which is actually used as a temporary track in the editing phase. Commemorative topic harmonics play Thielemans Jean «TOOTS». <br /> <br /> «Midnight Cowboy" was released in the collector edition two-disc with the help of MGM / UA, having advanced features and comments. Also included is a DVD release in 1998 (used for this review), which offers dual widescreen and standard format with increased 5,1 Dolby Digital sound; three languages ​​of subtitles and the subtitles; French "dubbing"; theatrical re-release trailer (not the "original", as advertised); and the production of a booklet of eight pages. Both DVD editions include the 25th anniversary of restoration of the film version, showing its original luster. Well deserving of the three Oscars (Best Picture, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), "Midnight Cowboy" will be sure to keep their place in the list of immortal classics. <, Br /> <br /> *** ½ out of 4
