Midnight Cowboy opens run down Drive In Theater with narration of the protagonist Joe Buck (Jon Voight) singing in the shower. He sings a cowboy song, the very thing it seeks to be. Joe picks up his uniform life living in Texas and moves it in New York with the dream of many women, and even more money. He dresses like a cowboy incarnation, but in a cartoon manner, not even his friends take him seriously. He begins his journey on a bus in New York, and we can see how a divorced Joe through his interaction with the other passengers. It is above all the story of Joe implementing the harsh realities of the real world. <br /> <br /> It starts off as a very naive thinking Southerner, he can do it in New York only on its appearance. He has no other reason to think otherwise, as they have proved useful in the past; we know this from the many memories that he has. At the beginning of flashbacks filmed in a way that reflects them as something whimsical. They are vague and voices sound as if they come from a great distance, as they are, they go out of their past. However, as Joe delves deeper and deeper into the reality of the harsh atmosphere of New York, we see more of his past, which is no longer picky, but rough, shot in black and white with a quick edit to reflect the hard nature of the latest developments. This is particularly evident in the memories of him and his girlfriend a future attack, and her rape. In one of these memories, we see the building torn down brick by brick. This reflects the way in which Joe himself breaks; The naivety that he once spent falls with him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in poverty, and are unlikely to be able to get food to eat; Joe realized that he could not live at his appearance, there is a rough underbelly of New York, that he did not foresee. His subconscious reflects the way in which his real life with a pan <br /> <br /> Ratso also serves as a mirror to Joe, but in reverse order. Ratso is a foil Joe. Joe handsome, strong man who, for the most part, has a good appearance. Ratso, on the other hand, from the very first time, we see that he was sitting next to Joe at the bar, we can say that it is the opposite. He was a short, dark, and always covered with sheen of sweat. He understands how the world works, he will not forgive, and sometimes no matter how hard you try you will fail; just like his father. They live in the same world, and even the same apartment, but they understand things on a different level. <br /> <br /> theme of alienation, which is common to this age, it is very obvious in this film, neither Joe nor Ratso fit into the culture around them. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moved to New York, where he is still very much an outsider. Ratso, lives in the cold New York, she wants to move to sunny Florida, where he thinks he will be able to find a good life. Despite the fact that this was his ideal, in fantasy we get in terms of Ratso, it's clear that he knows that he will never really fit into society. In the above fantasies he excites people living around him, he is once again an outsider, alienated from society. <br /> <br /> It is not until the end that the gap between Joe and Ratso begins to narrow. Joe turns to violence; he takes on the mentality of the city to get the money to finance the rescue funds to Florida for himself and Ratso. On the way we see Joe coming out of the store not to wear cowboy clothes, he never in the rest of the film. He dressed like someone who looks like they're going to Florida for vacation. Ratso he dresses the same way; he tires to make them fit into the new society they come, but it is to no avail. After the death of Ratso bus, their passengers once again search for them on an outsider. Even in this new culture, which they entered, they can not avoid the alienation they met at every turn in this film. Despite the death of RATS and continued alienation of Joe, the film ends with the hope that Joe could take his new knowledge about how the world works and create a better life than he had been as a pickpocket in New York. Midnight Cowboy great film drawing harsh reality of society, alienation, with stellar performances by Voight and Hoffman both.
