"Midnight Cowboy" has never been a great film to start with, but it's a classic. You know that this is a classic moment of his insistent song "Everybody says," begins on the soundtrack, (actually not written for the film), and then, the camera introduces us to Joe Buck (bare in mind). We saw Jon Voight before, but never noticed it, but when he tells us that he is "one hell of a stud" who doubt him? It was a big job, which had the status of an iconic star, as well as a full understanding of the nature and when Voight never did anything else, his work here will still be a legend. How it Voight has rarely disappointed on the screen; even a piece of ham and cured in his performance in this glorious "Anaconda" garbage is a source of pleasure). <br /> <br /> The film became famous and notorious almost all night. It was a crowd pleaser, (even with its grim ending), funny and sexy and famous "real"; (It was the tail end of the sixties, and all the characters rang true). It was also the first «X» movie rating to win the Oscar for best film in years. Adapted (brilliantly) by Waldo Salt from the novel by James Leo Herlihy, it was probably the first main stream of commercial American film to deal with the "taboo" subjects such as homosexuality and drug use in a prosaic way. Every person is known, warts and all, and everyone is treated kindly. Voight Joe Buck innocent abroad Candida, who comes to New York to seek his fortune as a hustler, (profession, he sees the glamorous and not shabby, it is a cross between a gigolo and a social worker). But if he pushed on sinewy, wormy little swindler called "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from "The Graduate" and it is a revelation), he realizes that perhaps the reality is somewhat different from -dream pipe. <br /> <br /> In fact, this man's love story (although it is quite platonic) between the two is not as unlikely Bedfellows. And all alone, and absolutely every beggar becomes the protector of another, (Log in with his physical strength, Hoffman with his strict common sense). They are losers behind the mainstream, tolerant of their features and other deviations. Although "direct" Voight does not go beyond homosexual meeting at 42nd Street movie with the boy even lonelier than he. (Full Movie postulates strange attitude "Christian"). <br /> <br /> It is also perfectly made. While Voight and Hoffman hold the screen for have excellent vignette of such Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles and John Mc Giver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes like all customers hangers, beautifully delineated little research nature, which seems It goes beyond the current general while the direction of John Schlesinger gives the film a sense of documentary, as well as a foreigner completely detached eye sight of Americans under the belly without malice and without criticism. On second thought, maybe it's a great movie after all.
