John Schlesinger's "Midnight Cowboy", perhaps the most famous is the unique pornographic film in Academy history to receive the Oscar for best film. It was, of course, I first came to hear him, and to be completely honest, I did not expect much of the film. This does not mean that I thought it would be terrible, but somehow I do not think this kind of film I would watch with pleasure. This is one reason why you should never trust your own instincts on such manners ?? an excellent combination of stellar acting, directing an ambitious and memorable soundtrack ( "Everyone says," I, I did not hear a word they Sayin ') make this film one of the best research on the life of naivety and friendship forever released. <br /> <br /> Young Joe Buck (Jon Voight then a novice), proudly dressed like a rodeo cowboy, riding from Texas to New York to look for a new life as a pickpocket, a male prostitute. Women, however, do not seem willing to pay money for their services, and Joe persons living in extreme poverty, as its money supply begins to run low. During these feats, Joe goes to meet Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a painful crippled con man who first tries to substitute Joe out of all their money. When they came to the realization that they are both in the same predicament, Ratso Joe offers a place to stay, and by working together, they are trying to do (mostly unfair) live for themselves in the cold, rough center of New York. <, Br /> <br /> Joe had convinced himself that the New York women will be more than willing to pay for sex; however, it is the first such case the company ends up with him to pay a woman to blame (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars. Although he could consider himself a few smart, Ratso as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his limp and painful cough, always assuring himself that if he could only go to the Miami Heat, then everything would be fine. This is misleading expectation that everything will work out so easily is very reminiscent of Lenny and George classic novel by John Steinbeck's "Of Mice and Men." <br /> <br /> Shot mostly on the streets of New York, 'Midnight Cowboy' is grittily-realistic view of life in the slums. Watching the film, we can almost feel shabby, unheated residence RATS, our joints stiff from the patient's winter cold. Actions certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, as with Voight and Hoffman masterfully portraying two decadent waste of modern society. Hoffman, in particular, is exceptional in their role (here I go, here I go! "), Being able to stay away from him as facial features after raising debut in 1967," The Graduate ". Both stars were subsequently nominated for Best Actor the role of Oscar (also nominated for acting ?? ?? was difficult Sylvia Miles, for the appearance, which could not be more than five minutes), although ultimately lost to John Wayne in "Grit" True. "Midnight cowboy" in the end, he won three Oscars from seven nominations, including best film, best director for Schlesinger and L pshy Writing for Waldo Salt. <br /> <br /> «Midnight Cowboy" speak mostly in a linear form, although there are many memories that hint at past Joe. Instead of explicitly explain that these short pieces, at the fact that the audience is invited to think about themselves, and how these circumstances could lead Joe to the path he now holds. achingly-beautiful final scene leaves us with a glimmer of hope, but a large amount of uncertainty. Gritty, reflections and highly fascinating, "Midnight Cowboy" is one for the ages.
