Joe Buck (Jon Voight), decides that he is going to leave his little life in Texas, and to make it big in the big city. Woman there to ask, and men in general, "tutti-Fruttis". Wide eyes, he comes to New York, is not ready for a series of humiliating misadventures, he feels, one worse than the other. In the middle of this chaos, he meets and befriends Rico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a homeless-looking man, who lives in the decidedly condemned building. <br /> <br /> There is not a lot of history and Midnight Cowboy series of vignettes destined to bring not only the severity of the problem takes on Joe Buck in the city, but also inter-cut with its past and show us in shock cuts and half-psychedelic dream sequence excerpts from his past: his failed relationship with his girlfriend Annie (Jennifer Salt), who raped his abandonment of his mother, and it is clearly abusing his grandmother, who also had a habit of people hustling for money. The air of pessimism dominates the film almost from the beginning, as a thoughtful Nilsson plays throughout the opening credits his deceptively blooming "Everyone says," "and we believe that even while we want Joe to finally make his mark on the city, chances are high that it will not be and will eventually work for money at a dead end job - referred to in the studio shot of it is the point of view later in the film he is watching a man work as a dishwasher in a soup kitchen through the window and sees itself. We know from his eyes yo he does not want to end like this. <br /> <br /> The dark story of dashed hopes, John Schlesinger creates images haunt of lost souls at the end of the 60s, and the center of the vast friendship between the two men as they struggle . to make some sense of their life among the elusive comfort of a decent life there of course the view that they might have been lovers - Ratso drawn to hug Joe in the party scene and a final hug at the end, of course, the point at the same time - but it's in fact, buddy film that managed to survive, literally, etc. death, and bring some form of hope for Joe, who finally in Florida seems like a lot has changed, older, wiser.
