It's not quite the timeless masterpiece you'd hope that it will be based on the recognition of his collecting, but in 1969 in "Midnight Cowboy" is still the powerhouse showcase for two young actors just bursting into view at the time. Directed by John Schlesinger and written Waldo Salt, the film seems to be a product of his time, in the late 1960s, when American films were especially expressionistic, but it's still fascinating, because the story boils down to the fact of loneliness and relationships, that resonate regardless of what period. cinematographic film influence can still be felt in the unspoken emotion found in "Brokeback Mountain," Ang Lee. <br /> <br /> convoluted plot follows Joe Buck, a naive, young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become a stud for hire for rich women. The total energy, but lacks any common sense, it fails miserably, but not willing to concede defeat, despite its reduced finances. He meets a cynical, morbid thief named "Ratso" Rizzo, who first saw Joe ~ d as a light foot. The two are dependent on each other, and begins to manage Joe Rizzo. Things come to a head in a psychedelic, drugs swarming parties where Joe finally lands on the paying customer. At the same time, Rizzo gets worse, and the two went to Florida to seek a better life. This is not a story that will appeal to all, in fact, some of them may still believes that repellents businessman thief transformed into pretty shapes, but their heavy feel achingly authentic. <br /> <br /> In his first major role, Jon Voight is ideally cast as he discovers Joe ~ d paper thin bravado and deepening sexual insecurity. As Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully turns his net, after college pictures with "The Graduate" and immerses himself in the personal degradation and flickering hopes that act strangely compatible counterpoint to Joe. Honesty their images is complemented by treatment Schlesinger film vividly reflects the poverty of the area of ​​Times Square at the time. The Director also effectively inserts the assembly of memories and fantasy sequences to fill the fragile psyche of the character. Credit must also go to the Salt for preventing distributed cynicism crush pathos of the story. Other performances are only occasional travel of the main characters, including Brenda Vaccaro as a woman Joe meets at a party, Sylvia Miles as sleazy matrons, John Mc Giver as a religious fanatic and Barnard Hughes as the Barnstormer is alone. <br /> <br /> two-disc DVD package contains 2006 pristine transfer printing recovery in 1994 and informative commentary from producer Jerome Hellman because, unfortunately, neither Schlesinger or salt are still living. There are three great featurettes on the second disc - look-back documentary "After midnight: Reflections on the classic 35 years later", which includes comments Hellman, Hoffman, Voigt and others, as well as music videos and related archival records such as test the login screen in; "Controversy and Acclaim», which explores the genesis of the initial rating and the publicity of the film «X» for the film and a tribute to the director, "Schlesinger celebrated."
