Horror, perhaps, one of the two genres, where logic does not always win over imagination. We all know that the killers as Freddy, Jason, Michael, and even Leather should not be able to withstand the amount of pain that they do and still live to fight another day. Most of us do not believe that zombies really rise from the dead to haunt people and eat their brains. And let us hope that at least some people know that when you enter a place like Funhouses and old mansions that heinous crimes are not going to be committed against them. This is where the idea wins fact. Horror, and most of the films as a whole, require us to suspend our disbelief for a few hours and just go with the flow. As a rule, this is not a problem when I see bouncing balls stick down the stairs, George C. Scott, and when I see an invisible force has three amateur filmmakers in the woods near Burketsville. But what I have digestive problems (not wanting to vomit), when the film has a killer in this film. To give who the killer is actually a huge spoiler, and it would take all the fun of watching it for themselves, but simply to say that I really liked this movie, right up to the final scene, when the killer is revealed. There are too many events in the film, which pour out in order to make any sense that the killer, who it is. But 90 minutes before that time, well done, suspenseful, blood-soaked film director with the scope and skill of John Hough. If the film would have offered me another murderer, I'd really will rave about it. This may sound like a completely stupid reason to discredit the film, but believe me, anyone who has seen the film, almost certainly agree with me. <br /> <br /> John Cassevetes plays Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (played beautifully Erin Flannery) has only recently moved to this small town in New England. Cordell is a recent widow, and wonder how his wife died. We see several retrospective scenes, where a mysterious woman (one can only assume that it was his wife) were laid back on the ground during a torrential downpour. Her face was bloody and her eyes closed. Again, I do not know who this woman is and how it relates to the story, but it's there anyway. Cassevetes, it must be said, it is strange, to say the least. Cordell loving father, but his love for his daughter, feeling a little more than just parents. There are a few scenes that hint at the possibility of incest. He never comes to fruition, but it just seems to be omnipotent, but somewhere just under the proverbial rug. Luckily, the film never explores this element of relationship, but it does not make you a little uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Casevettes seems a cross between a porn actor John Leslie and big screen James Caan. He has a deceptive smile and mature, commanding voice that makes you sit up and take messages. But it also looks like it is going to undress during a business lunch in every scene. He's just that slimy, hypocritical, phlegmatic, the hard way about him. He never really looks like he can be trusted in this film. I think this is the merit of the writers, director and most Cassevetes. There has always been something that I just got tired of his character from the get go. <br /> <br /> The story begins on a beautiful note, the two lovers could swim in the local quarries. There is an old barn looked me around and we can see that something or someone is watching them. If a young person for a short time disappear, to get something out of the truck, a young woman walks into a barn, just to play a prank. Once it is, it is attacked. The young man rushes to the barn to find her, and he pierced the board and nail. Half shrewdly sets us on the winning field, when a young man comes. He looks desperately searches the room and sees his future lover bleeding in the corner, and then smacko, the guy gets it. This is a very stressful time, and it starts the movie off on the right note. <br /> <br /> In addition, put in an entangled marriage of a young man named Tim history, which seems to be with amazing dreams of a faceless woman who is related to the dungeon, surrounded by people with cloaks covering their face. Tim seems to think that his dreams have something to do with the murders, because every time a murder occurs, he has another dream. Mix in a quiet and troubled grandmother, flashy and strong female reporter, but corrupt local sheriff and you have all the ingredients needed to create the deposits confusing situation in the small town of Galena. <br /> <br /> During the film more people killed, but most of the time, men kill with extreme prejudice and the women raped. This is my first faint (and cautious) is trying to tell you that this is something that has left me convinced with the outcome. He just did not strike the right chord. <br /> <br /> Incubus is a well made movie. It's stressful, dense and even most of the presentations are very well done. I was intrigued by the dream, Tim, has and I really wanted to find out what value they had in history and ultimately to the murder. But if you get through all that was good in the movie, you are still left with the acrid taste in the mouth. And the bitter pill is always more difficult to swallow than sweet. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10-- This could be nine. Too bad.
