If you ever get the chance to see Sandra Bernhard live in person, it is better to move on him candy. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of her all the bad and the beautiful tour, and I still can not believe that I was in the front row, and lucky enough to experience this phenomenal show. She is currently in New York with the show, and it coincides with the release of its innovative stunner, "Without you I am nothing." We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is not in action, but not Sandra. Barbra Streisand continues to spy on her head once in a while, but Sandra more than makes up for where Babs ends. Well, I want to know that, Ms. Bernhard little of these influential artists and many others. I really wanted to push this film because of its truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (from Lori Niro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince), and the script, which determines the decadence, the joy, the sadness, the ups and downs of 70 ies and 80-ies. It is my opinion that many (and I mean MANY) comics raised, well-cleaned stolen so much from this show if not most of Sandra. I will not name names, but come on, people, you and I know who they are. You see, the thing is, Bernhard plays by its own rules. This film shows how it makes her live performances, she is the executor, who remained faithful to the old school of show business, as well as pushing forward. Her performances are reminiscent of smoldering jazz clubs (during Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 70 TV shows, intimate cabarets and concerts that recall each of Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians could not even touch it, where Sandra coming or going. So here I was a year ago, watching Sandra Silent cinema, full of fear and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show to give her something that meant something to me, that I hope it will mean something to her. But I listen to my copy of the Give Til It hurts, and just thank her in prayer, a kind of made me laugh, making me think that makes me feel. You can not deny the presence of this lady, and you certainly can not deny the talent that simply directs the stage. She's still here, damn it, even after leaving without you I'm nothing, about 15 years ago. And it looks great, by the way. I know this firsthand, coming from the theater one of the spectators said to the other: "She FUNNY..and it still looks incredible !!! If you can not test it live yet, watch this movie. As for me, I hope that Sandra will see it. you mean a hell of a lot to me, it got me through the tough times crazy. If you can send me an email please. If not, know that you are still pushing and will continue to do so, it is sufficient for me. Well, people, give it to the lady !!!!
