In the details for the Pet Sematary, he recalls that George Romero (director of two short stories by Stephen King, Creepshow and The Dark Half) has been set straight, and then pulled out. I wonder what he would bring to the film, as the director Mary Lambert, while actually not a bad director, does not really bring a lot of imagination to this adaptation of the King novel, which he wrote the script. Of course, there are some very effective grotesquely surreal scene (mostly related to her sister Zelda, is probably more of a creeping-out for the kids when they see the film), and the casting of roles in some of the dead perfection. But something feels not enough time for a style that can fit accurately King-like atmosphere, which in this case is about as painful as you're going to get without incestuous cannibals, rising from their graves being added (who knows when he'll save that for his final novel ...) <br /> <br /> as mentioned, though, some of the cast is terrific, especially Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, a little boy who comes from one of the cute little children this side of the 80th horror film to be a little monster (I kazh in that as a compliment, of course, especially in the scenes of some waving scalpel). And there is also a juicy supporting role for The Munsters with Fred Gwynne, who plays the old, secretive person with the proper playing of the notes under the doom and tone. And the applause is who did makeup on Andrew Habatsek. But there are some other disadvantages, though in a different casting; Dale Midkiff good, not great, as the conflict, the broken figure of the father of faith, and his daughter, Eli plays an actress who just does not work for me at all. <br /> <br /> In terms of creating some frightening set-pieces, only a couple of really stands out: a certain area-thickening time (not to spoil, it is associated with cool Ramones song), and the first visit to the Pet Sematary (in one large), including a kind of mystical overtones of the king in a blaze. For the most part this is a very polished directing the work, although it may have been made even darker to match the scenario. If the thought in logical terms (albeit from the perspective of King) is really one of his better works of the period. But it does not add as it could or should. Nevertheless, it makes for an exquisite small northern cinema.
