Louis Creed, a doctor from Chicago, moved to a large house near the small town, as it will give lessons at the University of Minsk. Together with him, his wife Rachel and their two children, Eli and Gage, and cat Ellie church. Soon they met a new neighbor, an old name Judd Crandall.Judd not only warns of Louis and Rachel about the danger, which is a highway that runs past the house (that is constantly method used large trucks), but also to show at a pet cemetery family that is close to their home. Judd starts to talk about the importance of pet cemetery, but Rachel's mind, to talk about death and spirituality with their children, as she has a trauma from the death of her sister Zelda. <br /> <br /> During the first week of the family in a new house, Louis already dead people, to deal with: Victor Pascow, a student who was fatally injured in a car accident, turns to his dying words of Louis personally despite the fact that two strange men. The night after the death Pascow, Louis feels that he believes that this is a very vivid dream, in which he meets Pascow, which leads him to a pet cemetery and warns Luis not to "go on, no matter how you feel, what you need. "Louis wakes up in bed the next morning convinced that it was only a dream, until he learns that his legs and sheets covered with dirt and pine needles. Anyway, he dismisses the dream. Many amazing things start to happen and the church cat Ellie dies while walking along the highway. Louis is worried how he was going to talk about the death of the Church with Ellie, but Judd, sympathizing with him, Jude takes Louis in a Pet Sematary, presumably to bury the Church. But instead of stopping there, Jude leads Louis more frightening journey to the "real cemetery": an ancient burial ground, which was once in MicMac ( "... the Indians ...") There's Louis hides cat on the instructions. Jada, in Jude that the animals buried there back to life. And that's a real horror story starts here ... <br /> <br /> I personally believe that this film is very good. It's not the worst of all, but it is one of the best horror movies I watched. Gage Way dies, it is practically impossible not to be remembered, especially being small. E and great to see a cameo by Stephen King as Minister of burial <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some errors script :. How can a rich doctor and two small children, is to live in a place where there is a dangerous road near his home? how Gage does not have scratches or anything after hitting the truck? Why Louis continues to resurrect all the members of his family, knowing that they are going to stay like monsters? things like this makes no sense, but I can understand that the horror scripts must have some kind of surreal ideas work. <br /> <br /> Well, I've seen this movie, is the need to talk about death with children, no matter what your religion is not, or if you are an atheist, and that the rejection of important personal items It will not help. Because of Louis, afraid to be honest with Ellie, she resisted and said that her cat would not be back, it started a nightmare.
