"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation of the Stephen King novel of the same name. The story follows the creed - all American, middle-class families, who move into a house in the country. The family consists of Louis and Rachel, and their two young children, Eli and their toddler son, Gage. The house could not be better, and the family meets a strange but friendly old Jude, who lives across the street. He leads them down the path in the woods one day, where the pet cemetery is - is filled with a huge number of animal graves. And only for a sacred Indian burial ground, which seems to have an amazing power. If the cat family, the church, killed Louis see it fit to be buried in a Pet Sematary - and oddly enough, shortly after the church back to life. But now there is something evil about him, he is not the same as a cat, he used to be. And if a tragic accident takes the life of a young Gage, Louis decides to apply the same concept in the hope for the revival of his dead son ... unfortunately, he gets more than he bargained for. <br /> <br /> After reading the novel by Stephen King, I can say that the book is much better than the movie. Not to say that the film is bad, because it is not - the book just a little bit better. The real strength of this film lies in its history, which is both strange, but very original, what the history of the King, are generally known. The script is very well adapted from the story, and while he minorly in some respects, this is a very good transformation of the pages on the screen. There are not a few plot holes here and there, nothing serious though. In addition, this film is actually very scary, and he has managed this intention to do so. There are some really disturbing scenes throughout the film, and I would have to say that the sequence of flashbacks sister Rachel Zelda is number one. Honestly, this is one of the most disgusting, disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not the mountains and bloody, it's just flat out sick. One thing is certain, that the picture will not leave your head at any time in the near future. <br /> <br /> performance in this film was very much on the height, and I really did not have any problems there. This film is actually on the bloody side, there are a lot of nasty little sequences to satisfy gore hounds out there, including a shocker ending. I really liked how they finished the movie, he was sharp and somewhat inconclusive, but it worked better that way with all things considered. <br /> <br /> In general, "Pet Sematary" a good horror movie, I "d recommend to those who are supporters or Stephen King or just fans of the genre as a whole. History of the big asset of the film, and it's a terrible one, too. One of the best adaptations of Stephen King, I would say. 7/10.
