The ring was made from a single script Hitchcock wrote himself, and this case, as many of his early paintings to do with a love triangle. At first glance, it looks more cynical update infidelity theme morality DeMille comedies, but more than this is the first really competent Hitchcock picture. Even if it does not use the ideas and motives of tension thriller, it was at least the development of tools with which to create suspense. <br /> <br /> As well as being a student of the German Expressionist style, rhythmic editing style of Sergei Eisenstein had their influence on Hitchcock. But then he keeps the pace not only with corrections, but with the content of the image. This is evident from the opening rounds, where swirling arena brilliantly establish a smooth tempo. And, like Eisenstein, editing style, seems to offer a sound ?? for example, if the split second shot rang called time blink, we almost subconsciously hear the sound, because the image is so sharp. <br /> <br /> There is also a contrast, especially with the silent movies from the United States, is that the ring is not cluttered with too many title cards. As much as possible is transmitted on imagery and Hitch has enough faith in the audience or read the lips or at least the value of the speech output characters mass. And this is not done contrived symbolism or replays, it's all done by getting the right angle and the right time, in particular in terms of staff, as well as some strong yet subtle performances. There are, unfortunately, a few too many obvious expressionist devices (such as double exposure), many of which were not needed, but there is much less than it is in The Lodger. <br /> <br /> Let's make some incentive for the aforementioned actors. First of all, stunningly beautiful and very talented Carl Brisson in the title role. Despite his talent, I was first a little confused as to why he got the role, to be honest, it looks more like a dancer than a boxer! But it just goes to show how much I know, as it turns out, Brisson was actually a former professional boxer and inexperienced in action. Playing his opponent is a competent Ian Hunter, who would go on to have a long career in a supporting role, until the '60s. The most demanding role in the circle should be something that is given to Lillian Hall-Davis, is torn between two lovers. She pulls it off very well, but with the emotional, low productivity, and that's a shame, her career did not last in the sound era. And last but not least a big Gordon Harker provides some comic relief in what is probably the best of its role. <br /> <br /> climactic fight scene Rings is one of the most impressive moments of silent era Hitchcock. Martin Scorsese, perhaps, was his view of the ring, when he sent a battle scene in a raging Bull, as his motto for these scenes were "stay inside the ring." Fighting in the Ring begins with some fairly regular long-range shot, but if the effect is amplified Hitchcock drops us off right in the middle, with a close-up view of the frame. The purpose of Hitchcock always seem to attract an audience, and it is of crucial importance in his future career, where the secret of his success was often dropping the viewer in fear or paranoia character. <br /> <br /> The Ring really deserves more recognition than the lower but more famous resident. It is much more polished and professional work, the earlier picture, and probably the best of all his silent features.
