I kind of think of myself as the # 1 Fan hidden Frontier, seeing as I am among a few small groups of fans, who actually met most of these guys - well, not counting the Convention, of course. I watched Hidden Frontier since 2001, and I must say that I am still impressed by what these guys come up with. <br /> <br /> Hidden Frontier is the brainchild of Rob caves and makeshift studio, Areakt Pictures, which runs from the back room of his house. While not as "fancy" as, say, on the basis of the TOS series New Voyages (which sometimes gets some of the actors / writers from the original series, Walter Koenig, aka Mr. Chekov), Rob and crew CH managed to create a number of adequately replace this terrible experiment we called «Enterprise». The most controversial and successful story arc has been the introduction of the first openly gay character in Star Trek, Measles Aster (which was introduced in the second season), and his quest to find his soul mate. Somewhere at the end of the series, he meets Jorian Zen, trilling the Excelsior helm officer of management. In recent storylines with these two characters (NOTE :! MAJOR Spoiler Nha read if you have not watched the series up to this point), Zen joined the exiled symbionts, resulting in a large number of changes and some conflicts in his relationship with Astra. Although the future is uncertain - seeing as how the last episode, "bridgehead", just shows the HF supporter chatting last night - I think that these relations will suffer, but only time will tell, <br /> <br. /> Gene Roddenberry created Star Trek with the intention that the story be more about their characters, rather than flashy space battles. Rob Pechora creates a hidden Frontier for the same reason - and this is what has made the series so popular as it is. Like the previous comment said that I would give it a rating higher than 10, but it should be enough. Although in the next season will be the last - keeping in the tradition of the season seven the show Star Trek started: The Next Generation - I'm willing to bet that we will hear a lot about the hidden Frontier after the final episode.
