Tarzan and his assistant (1934) was the only Tarzan movie I saw when I was a kid. It sounded boring. Now I've seen it. I saw a monkey man (1932), about a hundred times, and I keep a copy on my hard drive. This is a great movie. It's almost perfect. Tarzan and his assistant (1934), however, will slow down. This is not harmonious, and its parts have a tendency to live there alone. Sami details are often very good and great action sequences. Big budget expensive. Himself Tarzan of the main roles. Jane dominates. It has developed and become a jungle girl so sexy, I tend to forget about the criticism and sing its praise instead. Well. She let it be deceived by a pitcher who became a kiss from her, then kill an elephant. She insists Tarzan wear a bracelet that belonged to her father. Forever. The case will break into pieces at a time, he went about his business in the jungle. Stupid? Later, someone founds him into the river. Well it as proof Tarzan assumed dead. Some cheap drama. The shards, who have an obvious interest in the dead Tarzan convince Jane that he was gone. She takes his words for granted, and wants to be selected (for England). Dumb Jane seem to have forgotten how hard Tarzan as difficult for him to score. The caravan leaves, and Jane go together. Again potholes. It can easily make a caravan rest for a few hours or more, to pick up some belongings and say goodbye to the jungle and her late husband. It may be smart. She could dive, where they found floating bracelet, check the banks for signs. It can make a fire for 15 seconds and swing in the Vines. Picking up traces should not be too hard for the jungle Jane. She could talk to the monkeys, and so on. When she came to England, did not do it, it would become unbearable. Jane clever but cheap drama brings it down. And why on earth she gives a kiss to leave the abuser, "I blame myself as well as you." The penalty for that blade can be? Stupidity. Fighting hard slap and say, Tarzan will come in handy. Nevertheless. This film is far from bad, even if a lot of potholes and sometimes deep. Just lean back and enjoy. It Tarzan and Jane for God's sake.
