I have a number of Weissmuller Tarzan on DVD (fully restored editions) & I never tire of looking at them. My personal favorite "Tarzan and His Mate," because of all (well, almost) in a suit Maureen O'Sullivan and occasional flashes of her genital area under the leather flap that hangs in front. Before anyone says that A - this is not really it, or B - It was not exactly what it looks like, let me say that I watched it many times, in the high magnification mode, and believe me .. . it's her, and she completely naked under this suit ... several times, especially during a lion attack at the end, carefully watching in slow motion and to maximize the show that she was shaved to a tiny snout dark hair that covers her labia, except ... There's no mistake that at all. As for the bathing scene, which is a stand-in "skin" suit, yes, it is a double, but it does not carry any "skin" suit or anything else ... again, slow movements and maximizing shows all those who wants to see it. Now that the dispute out of the way, let's move on to the actual movie ... I thought the script was very well thought out and written, tightly ... Procedure were just great, although this is obviously a top stuntman rhino Weissmuller really struggling a large male lion ... the use of background shots, which were the second material unit from Africa is very well combined with the location of the studio and the United States, making it sometimes difficult to tell which is which. Can not complain too much, though, keep in mind that 90% of all the movies fake anyway, so just relax and enjoy the damned with a big bowl of popcorn, cold beer and a fresh pack of smokes ... sexy and willing girlfriend / wife is not with line or ... lol. Oh ... one last word about poverty ... in the beginning, while the white hunters say dialogue, keep an eye on the background extras ... there are a few good shots of naked African girls (obviously shot on the spot) for them. Another thing, the film is not a racist by the standards of the 1930s to the 1960s ... is the way people thought and colored painted then. Val did not even think about at the time, would not have taken any other viewers images of them at that time in history. Safari actually use native with luggage on the head ... and the nature of secret did die heroically trying to save the white hunter and Jane. In fact, it was not until Gene Autry Sun treated the Native Americans and people of color in his westerns as real people, that Hollywood began to see that it was okay to do so.
