This superbly directed imagination is the second in the popular Tarzan series of incorrect extinguish MGM. This is a first class experience for many reasons, I suggest - a fine picture, strong artistic quality, beautiful color, good-simulated jungle locale and a very exciting story. Weissmuller played Tarzan, mono-syllabic primitive kind, in contrast to the creation of Edgar Rice Burroughs; but he is an honest, loyal, brave and very courageous, that he should be in this story. Jane Parker, his wife, who was Jane Porter in the novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and alive, and to be a sports where the scenario requires this quality. Influence of light, spacious and reasonable set of quite unusual. This outdoor adventure shot on the MGM back a party that really works. Fabulous Mutir Slope is a remote locale, which allows Tarzan and Jane live in peace; but their idyll come people who are looking for them, emissaries of civilization Jane has left behind, and that Tarzan could not really be comfortable accustomed. One of them is Harry Holt, still in love with her, who, along with his friend seduces her to return to civilization with him; dress and perfume her interest, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan to protect her from a few wild animals in scenes that look like a humane King King. Claim group want to hunt animals, Tarzan and Jane agrees for the sake of a few big game captivity, but at some point, the idea of ​​ivory and obtaining happiness turns minds headed the expedition. Tarzan, shoot left to die; and a group of force Jane to accompany them in the expedition, as they go for a dying elephant in the fabulous "elephant graveyard." But they are protecting wild tribal zone and attacking lions. Tarzan goes in on an elephant he came to life during that call; in the exciting elephant-filled scenes, he rescues Jane, and what remained of the expedition, to go home a little richer, but very wise, like Jane continues her wild idyll with her new husband. The film was directed master set design Cedric Gibbons, and quite nicely too. Its work and lighting are outstanding achievements of this fascinating and captivating film that manages to seem real, in spite of all its shortcomings Hollywood from start to finish. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Kavanagh better before and after he reveals himself to be completely bad. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Kari complete a small cast of very professional. An unusual and well-realized fantasy film with interesting situations and some strong dialogue oppositions as well. Recommended.
