This film is plagiarized the novel by James Cain, The Postman Always Rings Twice. Apparently, the director and producer have never bothered to pay for the rights to the story - perhaps the fact that we were in the middle of the fight against the Italians in World War II could explain their forgetting to take into account the interest! Despite this, the film is actually not just an Italian version of a Hollywood movie. In a sense, it is much better in other respects, it is certainly not the case. <br /> <br /> The three main characters in this film is really very ugly people. In fact, men and women lovers a little ugly-looking. The male lead is quite normal for his rich body hair, except (in particular, on the back and shoulders) and his lady love, frankly, unattractive. They are very, very far away from Lana Turner and John Garfield's version of Hollywood. And the ill-fated husband really, really obese, and likes to go without a shirt - and his colleague in the American film, Cecil Kellaway is definitely better looking (and probably looks better than in the two other Italian leads, in fact). And it is unattractive, as a rule, the reason I actually prefer the Italian film - because I simply could not imagine a finely laid out "meal" as Lana Turner in the middle of nowhere is married to Kellaway - I am 100% sure that she had to dozens of the best deals! While Italian wife opened, it may not have been able to do much better, and that made marriage really believable. <br /> <br /> Part of the credibility of the Italian film comes from the stupid, how it handles sex. Disinfect American film tries to make you believe that, while Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway, they never get around to sex! It's pretty silly and unrealistic. In addition to casual sex film, it is also quite random to show the seamy side of life - with a lot of sweaty people, a fly strip hanging over the kitchen table, and everyone seemed to need a bath <br /> <. br /> the film is also quite fast steps compared with longer an American film. And what you get because not all is well short. The film lacks a lot of style and polish American film - with grainier staff, relatively poor orchestration and sets. He is sure that this is not a film, but the neo-realistic film-like style makes it more realistic. But he can not do for short cuts in the plot. Many of the plot elements in the later US version, either totally absent or suppressed. And the ending seems much less interesting than the American film - and misses the entire human nature dilemma when Turner and Garfield turn on each other like rats (the best part of American film) <br /> <br /> Yes. it is better movie? Well, a lot of it is likely to depend on you. As for me, the film Warner Brothers was just too polished and too unrealistic (although many like this style, and may not like to watch movies with subtitles) - but it is packed with the end. And the Italian film was much more realistic - until a crappy ending that seemed too rushed. So that neither the film exactly great, but I would give the nod to the Italian one being a little better. It's too bad they could not have combined the best elements of both films in one exceptional film.
