Well, I heard somewhere that Ossessione is a precursor of Italian genre cinema, and especially my favorite, «Giallo" ... but in fact, besides the fact that it is a thriller, which was made in Italy, the two do not have any very relationship. to get a reputation for ripping off nearly every successful American film is released. They have not done here, but Ossessione really worth almost exactly the same story as the later American film "The Postman always rings twice" In the sixties and seventies, the Italian film-makers, not giving the author James M. Cain, so much as a loan! In any case, the story focuses on Gina Costa, a handsome drifter who accidentally stumbles into the cafe, where a woman named Giovanna Bragana work. He soon discovers that she married Giuseppe ; big fat annoying person that Giovanna could not stand to even touch her he wants a couple of them running together, but she is not so keen on the idea, however, the fate of the end, and interfering with her plan to kill her husband successfully .... . <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film loses some credibility etc. Sun crediting the author, whose story is based on, it must be said that the director Luchino Visconti implements noir style well, and so I even prefer the atmosphere of the film, some of the greatest classics of American film noir. History, as one would expect, a very strong and Visconti manages to get good performances from his cast. Visconti pulls the film with a little too much, however, and with a duration of about 135 minutes, I felt that the story was too thin to justify such an extension. I almost feel guilty for leveling all this criticism Ossessione, as it is a good movie, but it is not a "big" movie. The relationship between the two central characters never really researched properly, and it seems that the film Keener, to distract us from it, and do not let us in the characters' heads. There is not much mystery story, as we almost always know what is happening, and not always focusing on the characters themselves; the film is not as interesting as it might be. Nevertheless, it makes for interesting viewing, and comes recommended for this reason ... although it's not as good as the version of the same James M. Cain 1946 classic.
