With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis, perhaps, the first director to successfully bring the feeling of the ancient Greek theater to the screen. His own script, an adaptation of Euripides' tragedy, it was far from easy, as compared with the other two films of the trilogy he directed. The story was very thorough deconstruction of the version of Euripides and placed in a logical, strictly chronological framework, is better in accordance with modern methods of cinematic storytelling. Cacoyannis also added some of the characters in his film, which does not appear in the tragedies of Euripides: Odysseus, Calchas and the army. This was done in order to make some of the points of Euripides against the war, the Church clearly and governments. Finally, Cacoyannis' Iphigenia ending is somewhat ambiguous as compared to Euripides. <br /> <br /> The film was shot on location in Aulis. The cameraman, Arvanitis, shows us the rugged but beautiful Greece, where since the days of Homer seems to have stopped. It uses in their bodies, arid land, ruins, intense light and darkness. The rigidity of the landscape particularly the way the characters soul. The camera uses the entire range of available shots, with very long, strengthening the vastness and desolation of the landscape, as well as the human scale, which is involved, to the extreme close-up, dissection and study deep into the souls tormented characters, in particular, the opening of the film, with a bold, accelerates tracking He shot along the lines of discarded boats, and then with the bird's-eye view of the thousands of soldiers who lie idly on the beach, is a very effective means of communicating the political and military responsibility Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> Not a word, but "elevated" can be described as excellent performances bones Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoshit (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Papas hill embody the classical Greek tragedy. character Kazakos extremely down to earth, and his powerful gaze into the camera, more than his words, reveals the incredible suffering, tearing his soul. Irene Papas is the modern quintessence of classical Greek plays. In Iphigenia, she terrible in his anguish, and even more so that we know will be her revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first role on the screen is outstanding in its paint innocent Iphigenia, which contrasts with the image of a stern Kazakos his father, Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> Cacoyannis faithful Euripides in his view of other characters: a cunning Odysseus, the wily politician, Achilles, conceited, vainglorious warrior, Menalaus is itself in the middle, get after him, wanting revenge, and to his wife and the property restored <br /> <. br /> costumes and sets are not realistic: no Hollywood there. quarter Agamemnon resembles a barn, he dresses, as do others in the utilitarian, manual, simple clothes. Royal caravan Clytemnestra made of wooden unpolished trolleys. <br /> <br /> Music prolific contemporary music composer Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis score enhances the drama and film equipment deployment affects the psychological aspect of this tragedy, and emphasizes its size and relevance. <br /> <br /> This film tells the story and offer considerable insight into the lost world of ancient Greek thought that was the crucible so many of our modern civilization. It teaches us a lot about myself as a person and as a social and political entity. Euripides questioned the value of war and patriotism when measured against the prime virtues of family and love, and displays on the vulnerable situation of women in the world of manly violence. In his adaptation of Euripides' tragedy, Cacoyannis reconsider all these topics in a modern, clear and dramatic <br /> <br /> The relationship governing political machinations clearly demonstrated :. War destroys and corrupts the human soul such an extent that no individual or group can function normally longer. With the possible exception of Menelaus, whose honor has been tarnished escape his own wife and her lover, still have their own motivation to go to war with To three, which has nothing to do with Elena: lust for power (Agamemnon), greed (army, Odysseus) or glory (Achilles). And so in the true sense, Helen became HRV Trojan War. War, deprived of all the Homeric glamor and religious sanction, simply imperialist enterprise, stimulated primarily the desire for material gain, everything else is a convenient excuse. <br /> <br /> Another conflict has increased in the film is that between the Church and the state. Calchas, representing the church, feeling the call of his priestly authority and wanting to kill Agamemnon for insulting the Goddess he is, tells him to sacrifice his daughter. By agreeing to the sacrifice, the king comes closer to its moral ruin, but the refusal to lose their power over the masses (his army), who brainwashed religion. Of course, Agamemnon, is a game. King must go along with the charade if he honestly believes in the gods or not, until he realizes too late that he had trapped himself in committing despicable infanticide. <br /> <br /> It is a sacrifice or murder, and how can we tell the difference between these two? By focusing on the violent and primitive horror of human sacrifice - and, worst of all, a victim of her own child - Euripides / Cacoyannis is a drama that is both deeply political and painfully personal. It affects the most difficult and delicate ethical problem that faces any society: the deplorable conflict between the individual's needs in comparison with those in the community. In the case of Iphigenia, however, as in the biblical story of Abraham and Isaac, his father asked him to kill his own child, by his own hand. That God will insist on such a payment? Could it be just or moral, even if inspired by God? Finally, it is the sacrificial death of the daughters is different from the death of all the sons and daughters who go to war? That's a lot of deep questions posed at two o'clock in the film.
