Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray murder in 1927, inspired by Ogden Nash to write a play called Broadway mechanical. Better known, he was inspired by James M. Cain, to write two short novels that people actually reached the point where they are reading this review would have been familiar with - Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings Twice. Both became a film noir classics of the 1940s, Double Indemnity is perhaps the most perfect noir ever made. Some of the elements of real history Snyder-grog were captured Cain - old age and indifference Albert Gray, High sex drive, Ruth, Ruth and Judd hottest deals and complicity in the murder and that the article of the famous double insurance compensation. No elements included the fact that the actual installation was very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder being respected editor. Many incompetent and unsuccessful attempts have been ignored, to cut to the chase <br /> <br /> Double Indemnity Cain was filmed Billy Wilder's great. - let's ignore the ridiculous wig Stanwyck, as one of those interesting incidents film knew! The Postman Always Rings Twice, however, was shot three times and Ossessione, the Italian version of the first film by Luchino Visconti, was the first of the three versions. Before commenting on this, I will recommend Lana Turner - John Garfield version 1946 in all its fullness and five minutes in 1981 Jack Nicholson -. Jessica Lange version for the big sex scene at the dinner table <br /> <br /> Ossessione not noirish like The Postman Always Rings Twice. He has a strong neo-realist view, which makes it a great movie, but a number of significant elements of film noir is not available. It does not have discreet lighting and unusual angles. Dialog is not steep, and instead of the film is more concentrated on the characteristic. It is the longest version of the story and goes deep into the characterization. It is also much sexier than the version of Lana Turner. We have a very obvious adulterous relationship and Giovanna very obviously nymphomaniac. A new character is introduced in the story - La Spagnola - with a very obvious homosexual overtones. There is also a small, but very well played a role for the dancer, who moonlights as a prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a much larger study of the working class than the crime. The audience really gets the feeling of poverty and dirt. Drifters full tramp wife is not Lana Turner, and may even be a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. I think it was brilliant casting for this film. My only beef with too long time of operation. All it stretched too long, and it would be more effective if it were more economical. Nevertheless, proponents of film noir and realism, of course, like Ossessione, as I do.
