Issue Tarzan APE MAN, in 1932, caused a sensation. It may be hard to believe, after 70 years, but the film had many of the same types of effects as a template, or Lord of the Rings has reached at the time when the cinema and radio are the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan instantly became a pop icon of the "noble savage" that every woman fantasized, and every person wants, he can be. The only person unhappy with the situation, Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, while he agreed MGM creative freedom, and enjoyed his hefty royalty checks, he felt "uproschenku down" version of your character (without any plan to allow it to "grow" ) was wrong of his vision (he started a production company, and will soon be making their own "movie Tarzan). the MGM, realizing the importance of this is the new" star ", I knew that the continuation would have to be even more exciting than the original. .. and Tarzan and his Mate delivered! < br /> <br /> The film was an interesting backstory, Cedric Gibbons, the legendary art director of the MGM, to get a commitment from the studio direct sequel, despite the fact that he never directed primarily to the release of Tarzan APE MAN (, the studio is not waiting for the impact of the film and does not think that a novice director will be of particular importance to the film "novelty" ... and they want their department head of the Oscar-winning happy). Gibbons, amazingly talented and creative visual artist, loved the freedom of the previous Code Hollywood and decided to Tarzan and his Mate "push the envelope" and the border ... Tarzan and Jane frolic in the nude swim, and Jane appears topless through most of the film. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before his death, in 1998, while the double was used for bathing, she trusted in the studio, and "a few days" made film SANS Top ... but it became too much headache, trying to strategically place the plants and fruits, to block her nipples, and the idea was abandoned (the film shot these days will cost you a fortune!) She did do a nude silhouette scene in the tent, flashed her breasts at the conclusion of its "float", and He puts on a revised "jungle" suit, which was an extremely provocative m, very thin, and open on the sides ... and as a result of disturbance would help "create" in the Hays Office, and self-censorship that soon will cover the entire industry. <br /> <br /> MGM jerk Gibbons of production (the "official" reason was its utilization as an art director), and veteran Jack Conway was listed as a new director to appease the critics ... although James C. McKay actually I made the film, and Conway was occupied by 3 other projects in the exclusive VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> The film includes the best elements of the original (Safari, bloodthirsty tribes, Tarzan jungle animals fighting to the death to save Jane), but actually improved by the narrator. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), with the first film, returns to Africa from ivory "elephant» Graveyard », and try to seduce Jane to return to England, with gifts of silk dresses, lingerie and perfume. He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Coffee), a crack shot and an inveterate womanizer who mocks the chivalric chasing Holt Jane, and is it as a potential "gains" to be any means (including Tarzan murder, when and if it is He can get away with it without being noticed). <br /> <br /> Tarzan barely tolerate the invasion of his happy life with Jane and puts his leg, refusing a hunter in the cemetery. Arlington is the possibility of catching the Ape Man alone, and shoots him, and then returned to the camp with a fictional story of his death. Jane now has no reason to stay in the jungle, and it can direct them to the cemetery, to her long journey back to England, so comforting about pretty Arlington. Wild Tribe and disgusting torture of waiting for a group ... maybe Tarzan, being nursed back to health his monkey "family" to recover in time to save Jane? <br /> <br /> While the footage again widely used racial stereotypes 30s are apparent, and gorillas obviously actors in ape costumes, Tarzan and His Mate reaches the level of complexity unrivaled in any other movie "Tarzan" and sexuality, even frankly erotic TARZAN For Derek, MAN monkey can not touch. Weissmuller was in excellent condition, physically, Maureen O'Sullivan has never been more beautiful, and "Africa" ​​has never looked more romantic and dangerous. <br /> <br /> Tarzan and His Mate was a triumph (although it would be drastically edited for many years), and remains a classic of the series, and to this day!
