Audiences today are likely to watch the movie as Ossessione really do not feel like it was unprecedented for the time when it came out. The structure of the film is really happy with the juice diluted with Hollywood conventions ?? as well as other major theatrical elements. It relies more on depicting reality in a very dark and sober. Films of this nature ?? neo-realist films ?? They were made to reflect the darkness felt in the days after the II World War. Ossessione solves some rather provocative questions that are probably invisible on the screen before the war, including adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. Except for one crane shots and some swelling musical moments, aesthetic film is very raw and rough: shot on the spot, using natural light and are likely not popular actors. All these elements have helped to convey questions explored in the film, which are inferior in the next topic :. Negative karmic effects will prosecute those who deliberately act immorally <br /> <br /> The two wires ?? Gina and Giovanna ?? polar opposites, but both carry the mentality: we are sad, and we want to be entertained. Gene is tramp; a lone traveler who embraces life and its constant fluctuations. Giovanna tedious house-wife cemented in a familiar family of maturity: she does not want to leave my house and my husband, but I would like to stay where it is because it is more secure. life image of Gina is an ideal way of life Giovanna longs; the only difference is that she is too afraid to live itself ?? that's why she falls in love with Jean: he is everything she wants, but does not have the courage to get. She wants to live in a world free from the monotony of life, with its fertile husband ?? Gina is the perfect ticket to this world. The case, which occurs between the two most likely left the audience back in the 40s feeling a bit uncomfortable. I mean, neo-realist films before age have never shown such scandalous behavior on the screen before. At least it was probably a little anxious. <br /> <br /> In connection with the theme, style, neo-realist helps to show the negative consequences of adulterous behavior. Briefly, adulterous behavior (as shown in the film) leads to depressing and eventually dead lives. If Gina and Giovanna conspired with each other to "liquidate" Giovanna's husband, in the feed comes to haunt them like the plague after it's done. They return to their homes: the atmosphere is dark and bites (as you would expect from neorealism style). They are not satisfied; they are actually more depressed. They thought that by eliminating the husband of Giovanna that they live a happy life, but they have been deceived. The film ends with the death of Giovanna in ?? this time in the likeness of karmic death of her husband. I think it's very satisfying ending for several reasons. Here's why. <br /> <br /> There's a lot of talk about what is not evil must be shown on the screen, and if so, to what extent. I think drawing is very necessary evil, if and only if the evil is represented entirely glorified, and shows that the negative effects of bad actions have. As subtext Ossessione asks, adultery and murder evil? I think the film would respond so! Adulterous behavior among them shows how unhappy they are. Oddly enough, though, at the end of the film, when they appear to be cured of their depression and seen basking in each other's arms inside the car, the author of the film shows that their happiness, in fact, the facade: in an accident off the cliff and into the river He died Giovanna; Police arrest Gina. I think it was the intention of the author to say that even if people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, eventually come back to haunt them poop. I agree. I think that the two got what they came to see him because they were both incredibly selfish ?? always wants instant gratification, and not willing to endure through difficult times. This was especially clear after the first sign of difficulty, Gina and Giovanna experience in their relationship: he can not cope with the pressure of life in the shadow of Giovanna her husband, so he leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl. This characteristic of the insatiable, hedonistic person. <br /> <br /> In general, the film seemed very risky for its time. The audience, however, was ready to see this film because of the war brought sobriety. not those pre-war, careless movies did not believe any more. Current movie audiences were ready to see and contemplate the complex films with complex characters: they wanted to see the hero, whose lives were entangled in the so-called "sin", because it was a reflection of their own life problems. Ossessione, it acts as a great catalyst, where the future of the film going. That is, many parts of naturalism we see today, we can say, under the influence of neo-realism movement of the film.
