Now when people hear the drama of the 1940s, they usually appear to create a distance of irony, claiming that this is another sentimental with big stars including tragic, melancholic roles. This view, however, does not look like neorealism cinema, in particular, this is aimed Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE his debut censorship times and once cherished, almost realistic masterpiece is still the favorite of some people, and harsh criticism from others. Contradictory opinions about the film, which appeared in these 65 years, seems to have been caused by the content of the film itself, extremely controversial for the present and the past. At the same time, at the same time, based on the novel by James M. Cain's The Postman Always Rings Twice, is one of the adaptations of the present, where the director is his own style, look, his art. I saw the movie twice, and the second view have led me to a very detailed analysis of some of which I would like to entail lower. <br /> <br /> First of all, the film Visconti seems to touch all the psychology and actions that people can do in life, in particular, absorbed the desire. These people make such a tragic decision, despite the terrible consequences, they will inevitably face. Gina (Zhirotti) traveler with a "bear, like shoulders" turns up at the intersection of motorway near Ferrara and enters the inn. While many people go there to eat, Gina is going to get something more - much more: the irrepressible desire lovely Giovanna (Clara Calamai), the woman is married to an older man who works in the bar, Mr. Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa) . Her body and her song speaks his mind entirely and since their first love, the couple is planning to get rid of the old obstacles and build a new life together ... However, people associated with the wrong things in the name of desire? You can build a love for the kill? What is love and what is loyalty? There is a desire to lead a dangerous tendency, or even obsession? Such questions arise intensively while watching a movie, when, to the core, the viewer supplied with an understanding of the signs. "We must love one another tenderly" meets Giovanna, seemingly giving the drug to anyone who calls conscience, but perhaps wanting to justify love and cure all? "Is not that what we both wanted," said one of the pair ... it turns out that it is not. Thus, the content of the film seems to be very dangerous if not analyzed with the intellect and the heart. Nevertheless, he always remains thought provoking <br /> <br /> Secondly, Ossessione has a very strong point that speaks to modern audiences :. Brilliant moments and superb cinematography, which are paired with memorable sequences and visual power. They make modern audiences understand what the film shot almost 70 years ago is absolutely interesting to watch. They range from the delicious erotic images purely technical personnel. Who could possibly miss this moment in Ferrari, where Gina meets a beautiful girl, a kind of «Ragazza Perfetta» (perfect girl), dancer Anita and buys her ice cream. His desire to show him a completely different direction ... remain indifferent spectators or at the first meeting Jean-Giovanna in? The first focus of the camera on the legs Giovanna apparently representing bodily desire for love that Gina experience. Miracle shot Gina and Giovanna to leave the investigation room and a short distance from their shadows, which directs our attention to them a suspicious glance. <br /> <br /> Third, Ossessione boasts outstanding performance with both the leading pair and the support cast. Zhirotti once said in an interview that the work in this film was one of the most difficult tasks he had ever done; Still, so what comes out is the impeccable acting. He draws a bisexual man torn in the desires of who commits a crime, but can not stand any of the objects that remind him of his victim, which is the conscience. His bisexuality is denoted by the character Lo Spagnolo (Elio Markazzo), whom he meets in a very unexpected circumstances in a train Ancona. Clara Calamai, who was cast in the role after the famous Magnani refused, very well suited for the role, and we can say that there is a real chemistry between the pair. They are both very convincing. In addition, I liked Juan De Langa as Bragana: he paints old husband is not affectionate to his wife, and still crazy about high art. In some of his most witty moments, he asks his wife to wash it back or goes to empty the streets singing their favorite songs opera after a kind of karaoke performance. <br /> <br /> In general, we as modern viewers who are able to think critically, have to look at this film very objectively. This art is probably due to the aspects mentioned above, this is a powerful story, and he is due to controversy; Nevertheless, it is educational? Visconti was not Fellini, who said that he does not carry any messages for mankind. In this case, it will only entertain movies (which, of course, not quite in the style of Fellini, too). Visconti has always been something to send. What did he mean? Is the film from a bad marriage? Or is it from the wrong actions of people trapped desire? The final moments of shocking speak for themselves. Although you do not have to agree with the vision, Ossessione really amazing realistic film, one of the best Visconti 8/10
