Watching "Ossessione» today - more than 6 decades later - still a powerful experience, especially for those interested in the history of cinema and more specifically on how the Italian filmmakers changed movies forever (about «Ossessione» De Sica and "I bambini Ci Guardano », and in 1943, to 20 years with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini). Visconti makes strange directorial debut, taking (credits) section "The Postman Always Rings Twice" as a guide to develop their own themes. <br /> <br /> It strikes us today as ahead of its time "Ossessione" was. Shot in Fascist Italy during World War II (think about it !!), he depicted scenes and themes that have caused the film immediately banned from the theater - and the fact that he used the story of the famous American novel and not paid no copyright does not help. <br /> <br /> «Ossessione» menacingly reveals the poverty covered by the time the war in Italy (close to an idealized Italy depicted in a Nazi movie «Telefoni Bianca"); but it's also extremely daring in its sexual frankness, with shirt hunk Gina (Zhirotti, which, of course, preceded by Kowalski Brando in "A Streetcar Named Desire") with Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman sleeping only 5 minutes after they first . meet We watch unpopular, prosaic strip Calamai in felt, but undoubted homosexual allusions between Jin and Lee Spagnolo (Elio Markazzo - very attractive actor, his face not unlike Pierre Clement, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945, in the 28) ... in a few words:. se ks, lust, greed and poverty, as well as inexorable as it was rarely, if ever, as previously shown in the Italian cinema <br /> <br /> All copies of "Ossessione» were destroyed shortly after its opening - is It called scandalous and immoral. Visconti managed to keep the imprint, and when the film was re-released after the war, most of the critics called it a favorite of neo-realism movement, the previous Rossellini «Roma Città Aperta» and De Sica «Sciuscià». Some other critics, perhaps more appropriately, see "Ossessione", as the Italian equivalent to the "poetic realism" of French cinema (remember, Visconti was an assistant to Renoir), especially roots in the "Quai de Brumes» and «The day begins", and Duvivier in "Pepe le Moko". <br /> <br /> While «Ossessione» can be Neo-Realistic in his visual language (image wartime paesan life in Italy, with its popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, homeless people, con artists, and so on d.), the characters and themes have been strongly Viscontian. He was always more interested in the tragic, hot, obsessive, greedy characters in the social / political / sexual apartheid in decline elites than realistic, «everyday- life" characters and themes that make DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione» we already find elements of drama and tragedy later developed in many of his films, especially the «Senso» (final departure of Visconti with neo-realist aesthetics), and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli» ... Even in the «Neo -Realist "film" La Terra Trema ", he makes it up the fishermen every day characters of mythological figures. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory of the great artists, the body working approaches, analyzes and develops specific topics and problems over and over again, with their first to the last opus, whether , decorations, or background installation time may vary - Visconti can play with the frame, but the essence of his art, and, well, passionately relapsing. «Ossessione» not to be missed: you certainly will be enchanted by this innovative, powerful film.
