The first feature of Visconti, Ossessione is an adaptation of James M. Cain's The Postman Always Rings Twice. Now, I am not familiar with this book, or other versions of the film, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Indemnity (much more than I am a supporter of the film version of Billy Wilder's it, actually). Two novel it seems that they should be very similar. Both involve illegal novel about love, where predatory wife complains about the morally weak man that her husband does not cost anything, and mean to her. Giovanna, a woman in the Italian version, played very well Clara Calamai, wholly evil incarnate, as the wife of a double redemption, but it seems to be very spoiled. Her husband (a big performance Juan de Landa) a little cruel to her, but it seems to me that it is at least as uncompromising with him. He was older than her and unattractive, so it is quite fickle. If Gina shows up, young, muscular man, he takes her about five minutes to get him into bed. She sweats, she wants to be with him forever, but she stayed with her husband. They break down at first, but when they meet again, they (apparently, although it is deliberately vague) plan to kill her husband. They are successful, and they go back to the woman's hometown to run a bar owned by her husband. Gina is very unenthusiastic about the idea. He wants to Giovanna, but one thing he does not want to, of course, to sit in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship quickly crumbles. Ossessione very complex film with complex characters. It is always exciting, but it does go on a bit too long. After two hours and twenty-two minutes, I can not for the life of me, understand how it took this long! This is partly due to the neo-realism style that Visconti invent within this film. It was, after all, the first film to win this label. We see a lot of action extended, as it would in real life, without rushing to the next point of the plot. I have seen many films of Visconti, and the only one I like better than this one Rocco and His Brothers (1960). His direction is so great as it has ever been, with the camera moving brilliantly and edit entirely. I also feel the need to point out the best performance of the film, according to Dhia Christians as a young (exotic) dancer and part-time prostitute named Anita who met Jean once he starts trying to break away from Giovanna. It is only in the film, maybe five or six minutes, and it has only a few lines. It's shocking how much Visconti and Christiani able to do with this character in such a short time. It really dumb. 9/10.
