There I was sitting alone in his apartment on Saturday night with a choice of watching CITIZEN X or Song Contest, as well as in favor of the Americans reading this, I will explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from all over Europe and Asia Minor have song contest. At the end of the competition of countries vote to see what was the best song. This competition, which is even less exciting than it sounds, and it can not come in shock when I say that singing and writing songs is not the caliber of Lennon and McCartney. And I have to fix something in the first sentence of this review, because the word "choice" is misleading, because to be a music lover I was not going to look TESC under any circumstances. <br /> <br /> So I sat down in the credits for the CITIZEN X expecting a run mill serial killer whodunnit, but I would be misleading of all, calling it so. Obviously, during the first 10 minutes CITIZEN X whodunnit. The fact that the film makes mention of communism failure: "A serial killer comrade This Soviet Union, serial killers can only exist in the decadent imperialist capitalist system" This is a farce attitude goes far beyond denial, there is a scene where the undercover cop is sitting at the station freeze watch from potential suspects, wearing his police jacket, because it's the only warm coat it has! And, of course, all the suspects, who are members of the Communist Party released without interrogation is something that will influence the final death toll. All this is very well done, as we have shown, it is the communist party system that is on trial, but about two-thirds of the way through the CITIZEN X, we find ourselves in 1990, as communism on its last legs and the reform of the police investigation took place, it was at this the time that the film becomes rather uninteresting due to lack of political implications and the film down the middle Manhunt film. But do not let this put you off, CITIZEN X is an intelligent thriller is well played by actors especially Donald Sutherland as the parent police chief <br /> <br /> Ironically, a few years ago I read something written by renowned criminologist Colin Wilson, in which he said something along the lines of that serial killers can afford to get caught up in such a way that they will be the focus at the center of media attention, and I have found that almost sympathizes with the party leaders denied there may be a serial killer in the Soviet Union . After all the media is controlled by the party and those who are old enough to listen to the radio in Moscow or read English translations of the truth will be known, that the USSR was a newspaper reported as the potato crop, coal mining, and thank you letters from Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. for Soviet aid. The concept becomes a serial killer in the communist system is illogical. But I think, if a tree falls in a remote Siberian forest, he will still make a sound, even if no one is around to hear it.
