I remember the following incident Andre Chicatillo in the newspapers while I lived in South Africa. They were pictures of him sitting in a cage while prosecuted. Nia, as it turned out, to protect members of the court, but to protect it from the public. It was very interesting, although painful reading. Later I heard that the film was made by HBO about the case, but it was made for American television. Bummed! Ironically, CITIZEN X received limited cinematic release in South Africa. I charged the local complex Ster Kinekor and duly bought a ticket (I was alone, my girlfriend at the time was only interested in like Steel Magnolias and Fried Green Tomatoes). Wow! Which is a brilliant film. Why he was not released to a wider audience? If it was not done for television, he could get an Oscar nomination or 2. There is no way to spoil the ending; who the killer is never hidden from the public. Jeffrey Demanov reflects truly monstrous lunatic. He is calm, killed, considered giving up his wife and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation by his superiors at work. In the commission of these heinous acts, he gets to feel strong, powerful. <br /> <br /> The fight to catch him all the difficulties of a pathologist, a great game of all, Stephen Rea, in one of his strongest performances. He has to fight the snail pace of the Russian bureaucracy, it has primitive resources at their disposal, and (above all) the refusal by his superiors to recognize that the Soviet Union even have a serial killer. The total charge (Ekland) said that serial killers "decadent, Western phenomenon." Only Donald Sutherland is ready to help, but his help should be under the counter. Constantly brilliant Max von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who violate the protocol and decides to help investigators in their search. This is the first time in Russian history that the shrinkage is used to create the profile of a serial killer still on the loose, and he has everything to lose if its participation is made public. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X acted brilliantly, well-written, and music and editing only add to the tension and the theme of the film. Excellent support Imelda Staunton terribly underutilized and a real sense of doom do CITIZEN X film is worth seeing. It was too good to be done for TV
