What makes the material Best Picture? Oscar came over the stick for awarding inflated glasses that aged poorly, not paying attention to the "filmmakers" to be deified in the coming decades. This is not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. Academy Awards are the choices made by the industry itself, and that is why, at least in the classical age, they tend to reward the greatest cooperation, the most high-profile meeting of creative people. <br /> <br /> Arthur freed block at MGM was connected to the Oscar-winning glory for several years on this matter; it was only a matter of time before The Freed, why is it the most powerful director Vincente Minnelli and some of the best music stars in the business, will disembark Best Picture. Freed was probably done more to raise the status of the music than anyone else, craft painting, which entwine the stories and songs together, without losing the dynamic performance of the 30's musicals. The Case of the Freed musicals, is that the lyrics, in contrast to the Hammerstein and Lerner, do not say, or even belong to history. The important thing is that the songs sound and how it is presented to fit into the structure of the film. <br /> <br /> The American in Paris was the first of three Freed musicals (the other two rain Singing and The Band Wagon), adopted the existing classic rooms with their original context and make them work in a completely unrelated story. Words do not fit the story, but the procedures are suitable for the show. So if Gene Kelly singing I Got Rhythm, he did not even get the girl yet, but the way it is done with the French children joining a great bit of characteristics and a raised dance melody and gives the film a little lift he needs at the moment . An American in Paris is also using a rule breaking in the genre allowed to add a bit unconventional flights of fantasy to tell a story, such as a series of dances, accompanied by a description of the character. <br /> <br /> Leslie Crown and the best director for this project than Minnelli, the artist and pianist? At this time, there was in fact the one who had a better feel for Technicolor. While some directors will saturate every scene in one color or fill the screen with encountering shades, color schemes Minnelli are under strict control, but never seem forced. In the first scene tons is quite low, but not gray, and, in particular, there is a lack of red. During the meeting, Oscar Levant and Georges hetaryl in the café introduced somewhat more vivid colors. Then, during the first musical number, "Strauss" Minelli gradually brings blotches of red ?? table cloth roses bunch ?? until it eventually dominates, like the song evokes the color scheme of the shooting. For most of the songs, the color of the choreographer as bizarre as people. Nevertheless, some of the rooms, such as "Tr-la-la," he retains the same colors and instead opened space, as the song swells and the characters become more and more lively. <br /> <br /> Achilles heel of American in Paris, its history. Personally, I think a romantic angle is particularly unpleasant, playing as it does as the last hurray for sexist love stories that reigned in the 30s; stubborn, independent woman is rejected, and a kind, affectionate girl in love to the troubled hero. Even if you do not mind, it's hard to connect emotionally with the story, because it is constantly clouded by songs and dances. Compare this Singing in the rain, which actually does not have as many wonderful treatments or commemorative set of masks as an American in Paris, but he has a winning storyline. Singin 'in the Rain it was released in 1952 Oscars, but it is considered a classic of the genre today. But I think people sometimes forget that cinema is all-encompassing form of visual entertainment, and not just a means to tell a story. An American in Paris is not deep or attractive or tear-jerking, but like a certain picture DeMille, who won the top prize in the next year, it is certainly a great show.
