Dazzling seventeen-minute dance sequence 1928 orchestral piece by George Gershwin's "An American in Paris", is the undisputed masterpiece. Delivered with precision and unmatched atmosphere Gene Kelly, the energetic combination of color, music and dance still eye poppingly strange how a piece is broken down into scenes, inspired by the favorite master artists - Dufy in the opening of the Place de la Concorde single, Manet in the flower market, Utrillo in Paris street Rousseau exhibition, Vincent van Gogh in the spectacular Place de l'Opera piece, and Toulouse-Lautrec in Moulin Rouge, where Kelly is his famous white tights. 97 minutes that precede the finale is not so interesting, not by a long shot, but there are certain charms to be had in watching the entire one thousand nine hundred fifty-one Oscar-winning musical. <br /> <br /> director Vincente Minnelli and writer Alan Jay Lerner fashioned a surprisingly difficult when relatively small romantic story focuses on Jerry Mulligan, a former GI who remained in Paris after the Second World War, trying to make a living as an artist. With his braggadocio manner and athletic dancing style, Gene Kelly can be both ingratiating and annoying as screen personality, but he seems to find his creativity as carefree Jerry. The love-triangle story focuses on the involvement of Jerry Miley Roberts, a self-proclaimed patron of the arts, but a sexual predator, when it comes to young artists. On the first day in the crowded Montmartre nightclub, Jerry inexcusable falls in love with Lisa, a young woman who is the darling Henry, professional entertainers and Jerry each other, Adam, with the out-of-work concert pianist. Romantic complications come to the inevitable finale, but not before several classic Gershwin songs are performed <br /> <br /> The best of them is the most imitated. - in swooningly romantic song and dance "Our love is here to stay" with an artificial-Seine River in a haze of blue with yellow foglights. Way Kelly and Leslie Caron circle each other grows as they approach each other previously in the first, and then synchronize the beautiful music, which leads to the final clinch. Few films so elegantly and concisely shows two people who fall in love. «I Got Rhythm» and «S'Wonderful» Spotlight Kelly deft tap-dancing and singing nice and «Embraceable You" dance is large Caron five-stage installation of all-over card from Lise Henri description to Adam. Designed to show the versatility of the dance crown, a sequence similar to those in the "About the city", where Vera-Ellen showed their skills significant dancing when the sailor character Kelly described his multifaceted vision of Miss Turnstiles. <br /> <br /> As Lise, nineteen-year-old Caron (in her first film) dances superbly throughout and handles her role with immature fascination with her acting talent to flourish in the sun for a few years. Looking quite glamorous Foch played over how manipulative Mila and manages to be attractive enough for us to take care of her life, while Oscar Levant only his own pungent, like Adam. Performance of an elegant "I Build a Stairway to Paradise", George Guétary plays Henry's so nice that you feel bad that he really loses the girl in the end. This is not the best all around the MGM musical, but there is certainly enough movie magic to make it very useful. 2000 DVD contains enough pristine print, but little in terms of extras.
