Parsifal (1982) Starring Michael Kutter, by Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperry, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and voice Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schøne, director Syberberg. <br /> <br /> Straight to the German film school, the kind that serves tons of symbolism and surrealism Ingmar Bergmanesque came this film one thousand nine hundred eighty-two final masterpiece- Wagner's Parsifal, written agreement with the Good Friday / Easter and sanctification Bayreuth Opera House. This film is behind the music and the story exactly, but the way in which it was filmed and made bold and avant-garde, and no other Parsifal does not take the crown in its amazing cinematography. Syberberg known controversial films. Prior to this film, he has produced films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism and a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of his granddaughters. This film may have trouble in many ways. Parsifal (played by Reiner Goldberg, but acted Michael Cutter) is a man for the first part of the film, and then, after Kundry glamor kiss turns into a woman. This gender bending element reflects the female / male / yin-yang nature of the quest for the Holy Grail, which serves the whole of humanity and redeems it through the blood of Christ. In the pagan sorcerer Klingsor castle, there are photos of the sinister figure known as the Hitler, Nietzsche, Cosimo Wagner and Wagner's mistress Mathilde Wesendock. Swaztika flag hangs outside the fortress. Parsifal trip in the 19th and 20th century throughout the film. Attractive Flower Maidens in the nude. Kundry is portrayed as a kind of good-looking, but a corrupt Mary Magdalene and Eve in Genesis (played by Edith Clever, but it is beautiful to sing mezzo-soprano Yvonne Minton). In the end, this film is for the fans of the bizarre German / European symbolic metafiction and intellectuals, who appreciate the symbolism, history and a lover of Wagner operas. Indeed, the great singing and convincing. Parsifal Reiner Goldberg is focused and intense voice, but it lacks the depth and overall greatness Parsifals big scene - James King, Wolfgang Vindgassna, call Renee and now own Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a sensual voice, dramatic and exciting Kundry, delving into her ravaged state is excellent. While production is definitely unorthodoxy and, as a non-Wagner, as it can possibly get (the concept of Wagner was a Christian ceremonial pump with the Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, the dark sorcerer, darkness transformed into the world, and Mr. .d. Wagner typical theme). .This is even more pleasant, art-house cinema.
