I knew absolutely nothing about Chocolat to my view of it. I did this story, cast, director, or anything about the history of the film do not know. All I knew, it was a highly acclaimed French film. If I knew more, I would have probably not considered a picture with an open heart. On paper, the premise does not seem interesting to me. If I knew ahead of time about Chocolat, my interest would be limited during playback. However, not knowing about the history helped me to like it. Over all, I had no key, where the story is going, what the characters will do and what the end result will be. It was not that anything the other hand is not a predictable film. In fact, it might be how the story is told in flashbacks. Telling the story in flashbacks are often a risky move by the filmmakers. Since the protagonist is seen at the present time, the audience knows that she will survive. Using the flashback technique, director Claire Denis is able to provide the audience that young girl makes it to adulthood without any major physical damage, giving the viewer the feeling that history Chocolat more about emotion than what is on the outside. Lesser filmmaker would give France an emaciated face, the one that screams to be confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis is France as a beautiful girl, someone who looks good on the outside. <br /> <br /> It can be argued that France Chocolat more about the mother, as she gets a lot more time on the screen, although I think this is the end of France. For me, that Chocolat is really about how the action affects the mother her daughter. We are talking about how parents' behavior is their descendants. France has not destroyed his mother's action in history, but the actions of her mother obviously made an impression on France. If France was not affected at all the actions of his mother, the retrospective aspect will be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For the film, which deals with two time periods, past and present, Chocolat was very well attended, there was a scene of excess fat. None of the scenes feel entirely free of charge or from that place. The film had a good rhythm, crisp editing, leaving only what was necessary to tell the story. With a well-told story, solid editing and directing organized, Chocolat is one of the best French films that I've seen. He was responsible for launching the career of Claire Denis' and with good reason: it's incredible directorial debut.
