This is an amazing film to see, to show young people. Apart from very short nude scene, it gives an interesting glimpse into the colonial rule in Africa, which you rarely find in other films. It really has a superficial similarity to Africa, but without the romantic fluff. White French in Cameroon are exciting because they do not even seem to think of the natives as people. White all the bosses and they expect the Black easement without question. However, in contrast to the real servants, you once heard any of whites say "thank you", and no other relationships are not given these people. Again and again, it's like they were pets or slaves, as people's feelings are not even considered. <br /> <br /> In the center of illustration of this frivolity is the link between the mother and her servant emoia, Protée. Although sometimes they spend a lot of time together, and it is normal that they could begin to have sexual feelings towards each other, white woman never thinks Protée or the existence of his feelings. A good example of such frivolity, if it has Protée lace up her dress, and it's obvious that he was very disappointed with this sexy. In addition to these relationships, while almost all white totally oblivious to the fact that Africans are people, some of them go so far as to insult and treat them like garbage. <br /> <br /> It is also interesting relationship between Protée and little girl (who is the one who grew up at the beginning and end of the film). Despite the fact that they are very close, sometimes it looks more like a toy or a pet and she never plays with their own children. <br /> <br /> There is a quaint white character who appears from time to time to treat the Negro is better, but unfortunately, his character is very inconsistent and confusing. One moment, he does the hard work along side blacks to eat with them (the other Whites would not do ever) and then he tries to knock Protée! I could only guess what prompted it - maybe he's just a jerk, or mad, or perhaps was a communist agitator, trying to stir up the Blacks against Whites (who knows!). In fact, apart from a few nice scenes, this character seems pretty much wasted. <br /> <br /> While I really enjoyed this film gave an insight, I wish instead that it was more than just a few fragments of this world through the prism of a child during one short period of her life. Context and what happened to save the country from colonialism never addressed and the film left me wanting more. The film appeared to start at the beginning of the 1980s (as it is to wear a Walkman headset style), and when the film was released in the past, it seems to me that it was established around 1960 (more or less), but there was never any mention of the 1950 anti-colonialism violence or the country's independence in the early 1960s. I believe that some of this confusion may be that the filmmakers screwed up and should have done before the beginning of the film (eg, 1970) and was a woman thinks back to his life there in the early 1950s-- before country He survived the political changes. <br /> <br /> In addition to the missing context and confusion in the time periods using the prologue and epilogue, which showed her as an adult traveling the country it was a good idea. And I also appreciated the end, as it was a pleasant surprise when you find out about a good man who offers her a ride. But in general, it just feels that something is missing - there just are not any permission or communication, without showing that colonialism and unthinkingly cruel.
