Set in Cameroon in West Africa in 1950, Claire Denis' Chocolat beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant tone poem, which reflects the effects of a dying colonialism young family in the last years of French rule. The theme is similar to the recent Nowhere in Africa, although the films are very different in terms of volume and clarity. The film is told from an adult point of view, going back to his childhood home in a foreign country. France Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling through Cameroon, recalls his childhood, when her father (François Cluzet) was a government official in the French Cameroon, and she had a loving friendship with thoughtful footman, Protée (Isaac de Bankole) . The heart of the film, however, revolves around a French mother Emma (Giulia Boschi) and her love / hate relationship with Protée that boils with said sexual tension. <br /> <br /> In the household is divided into public and private spaces. White family room is private and from the borders of all but Protée, working in the house while the employees are forced to eat and shower in the open air, exposing their naked bronze body with the views of the white family. This becomes clear when her husband Mark (fairleads) is spent on business, Emma and Protée sexually attracted to each other, but the company rules prevent him from being publicly recognized. In one sequence says, she invites him to her bedroom to help her put on her dress and two views of the figure each other in the mirror with causing anguish in his eyes, knowing that any interaction is taboo. <br /> <br /> Young France (Cécile Ducasse) also forms a bond with a lackey, fed him from his plate while he shows her how to eat the crushed ant carries it on his shoulders on walks under the night sky. Despite their relationship, the true nature of their master-servant relationship occurs when the France team Protée interrupt the conversation with the teacher and immediately take her home, and when Protée standing beside her at the table, waiting for her next command when the plane loses rowing screw and forced to land in the surrounding mountains, the crew and the passengers must move to a compound of the replacement part can not be located. Each element shows their contempt for Africans, a rich owner of a coffee plantation brings remnants of food from the kitchen in her black lover hiding in his room. Another, Luke (Jean-Claude Adelin), arrogant white Frenchman breaks racial balance, if it uses an open-air shower, eat with the servants, and Aimee taunts about her attraction to Protée leading her to the ultimate emotional confrontation with the footman. <br /> <br Chocolat /> loosely autobiographical, borrowed from the director of children's memories, and walked slowly and as mysteriously as brooding isolation of the land on which it is removed. Denis makes her point about the consequences of colonialism, without preaching or romanticizing characters. There are no victims or oppressors, nor simplified the good guys. Protée a servant, but he is also a defender, as he stands guard over the bed, where Emma and her daughter to sleep, to protect them from the furious hyenas. It is a sad fact that Protée treated as a boy, and not as a man, but Bankole imbues his character with such honor i growth that reduces pain. Because of his pace, Western audiences may have to work hard to fully appreciate the film and Denis does not, in the words of Roger Ebert, "the coach of our emotions." True Chocolat is in the gestures and attitudes regarding the silent desires of our heart.
