Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy fashion natural materials in ephemeral works of art, assembly stones Oval Kearns, filling a coastal rock pools with fiery colors and piercing thorns and twigs tangled web templates. The original work and a few photos of his other works hidden in the corner of Southampton Art Gallery (near where I live), but although I found this part of intriguing, I knew only a miracle Goldsworthy work, when I was lucky enough to catch a re-examination of rivers and tides. <br /> <br /> Thomas Reidelsheimer film accompanied by a beautiful soundtrack instrumental Fred Frith, Goldsworthy brings his art to life, showing the artist at work. The opening scene captures his fusion icicles fragments in serpentine thread mounted on the top of a tree stump. By working with their bare hands and teeth, Goldsworthy crafts beautiful, ephemeral work. By the time this delicate sculpture melts anything in brilliant sunlight of New Scotland. This scene is one of the most beautiful in the film, but the width and ingenuity Goldsworthy work is excellent. Reidelsheimer reveals both successes and failures, taking the frustration of parts, which the decay before they are completed, and the glory of those who shine, even if for just a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> himself Goldsworthy provides narration, slowly but thoughtfully speaking about themes in his work. He does his usual need to work with nature, to be alone in it and to further his understanding of this by trying to work with natural materials, even if they seem to be working against him. Sometimes it is down to earth and humorous; he fights at a different time for the words to express my goal ?? that is understandable, I witnessed his amazing work at first hand. The "Rivers and tides" of the title is becoming more relevant as we can see, natural materials pass through the hands of the artist, flowing from one form to another. Capturing the creation and dissolution of work Goldworthy is in itself is a striking work of art. <br /> <br /> While Goldsworthy works with a wide variety of materials and covers the territory of North America and Europe, the presentation of works of art, one after the other in this film is tedious; he gave me the same feeling of fatigue that I get when I am spending too much time in an art gallery and fight to get anything new. A brief interval in which we meet with the family and hometown of Andy all that breaks the long sequence of his works. Nevertheless, Reidelsheimer does an excellent job of photographing Goldsworthy and his work, placing them in broader terms, by winding of Canadian rivers in the rainy Scottish hillsides. Notably, the film ends Goldsworthy casting a handful of earth and snow in the sky. Passing patterns arise from the dust particles, even if they diffuse into the air; it is the purest expression of beauty can be found in the work of this remarkable artist.
