I recognize that during the first 20 minutes or so of the film, I was not entirely sure what I'm going to sit through the whole thing. Like many other people, I found it rather sad, and I'm not really looking forward to an hour and a half watching this guy to bite icicles and stick them together. However, if you sit through the creation of their first job long enough to see the finished product, you get an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the film. I really think it's sad that so many people found it incredibly boring or RETREAD ideas made by other artists. <br /> <br /> Rivers and Tides quiet study of some works of art and techniques of Andy Goldsworthy, who makes his art full of the things in nature, usually resulting in pieces that will be used by nature through the normal process of entropy. It is slow and unpopular, but I think a lot of the film point to show that Goldsworthy art does not need any maintenance in order to be appreciated. I've even heard people complain about how he always speaks throughout the film, and not just let nature and his work speaks for itself, I just think it's crazy. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, a lot of people complain about the CD, with lyrics written out in them. Many musicians and think that their music should mean that the listener wants it to mean no musician, showing the exact lyrics, I think I'm just a person who believes that I would like to know what the artist is trying to achieve with his artwork. I still can accept it, as I want to, even if I know that it should have done. I can understand not wanting to hear his story through the movie. He is, after all, lose your train of thought and find yourself unable to explain some of his work on more than one occasion, but if you do not want Goldsworthy talk about his art while you watch a movie, do not hesitate to turn the sound off. It's like, do not read the text if you do not want to know that the music is singing and would prefer to interpret the words themselves. <br /> <br /> I think that the work of Andy Goldsworthy, in which I had no idea existed until I watched this film is incredibly impressive, and I am glad that this film was made in order to demonstrate it. Indeed, since his work, which can express it, and I really appreciated the opportunity to see the work that goes into his art is usually not something that can be transported in the studio, the photo is the only medium in addition to the film, and the way things used only by nature. Whether or not to assess some aspects of how the film presented, Goldsworthy work is enough to move, to be noted that, since the film is not a star, Goldsworthy art there. And given the lack of any music or even the smallest of special effects and slow moving nature of the film, it seems to me that the director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows.
