Zero is the goal of the day, and it's not just entertainment, it delivers the message to its specialized subject of school shootings. The contours of the lives of two friends Andre and Cal, leading to an attack on their high school. <br /> <br /> While the film began a few unpretentious fashions, improvised announcement of the impending attack in an amateur style teenager, after some short meetings with the boys families. It was not long before we get down to business with the boys, showing us his collection of guns, their fetishistic love of them, their sprawling sporadic narcissistic fantasies and even in the controversial scene, how to build homemade bombs. <br /> <br /> So the film is trying to say? What really motivates their soon-to-be murderers. It seems really difficult to determine. They certainly did not come across as reserved psychopath while they plan an act of sheer cruelty. This brings me to the fact that I feel like a genius in the framework of zero-day. Cal and Andre are always talking about how much they are on a different level as above the rest of us they are, and how they will "leave it all behind us. Like the Columbine killers, they really feel better. As Nietzsche Cal Res mood and Andre value system seems to have been born out of the failure of their societies. However, we are only glimpses of this, the expression of hatred of popular athletes, for example. So where's the motivation? what I feel Coccio depicts two persons who desperate to make a statement about the prevalence gesture of his power the same that have no rational place for him. So they turn to mass killings and the kind of which it will garner more attention to them than they could ever be realized. That is why in school direction, seem to be able to carry out brutal acts, despite the arrival of the good stable loving homes. Killing is part fantasy, Cal and Andre completely lost in their fantasies, they almost do not see the reality of their actions. They turn fantasy into a tragedy. <br /> <br /> What secondly, most exciting about this film is the character development and the unique relationship Andre and Cal have on each other. André throughout the film opened two leader, Cal embrace his behavior and clothing, it seems somewhat forced. Andre alarmed Andre is intense and serious. He totally rejected by others for his family, except he is meticulous and precise about everything that he does, and for a while there is a tractor in a plot to attack the school. Nevertheless, he was cute in its own way, it does not cover teenage delirium, and in part we have to agree with him, but these moments are undermined fleeting gestures Andre violence against us viewers relate to us as trustees and potential victims. Cal, on the other hand, seems more relaxed than Andre, a stronger reality. Nevertheless, it is in its own dominant. We have a lot of personal moments of introspection with video diary Cal scene when he alone, except Andre. Cal, it seems, is struggling with his own personal demons and using your plan to expel itself from them. Andre jealous Cal is going to the prom with an old friend, he wants Cal all to itself. Cal Andre calms and encourages him. For the first time in their lives Andre seems to have found someone who believes in him, and who is interested in it, he can not lose. While Cal found someone offers him a way out. <br /> <br /> film certainly gaining momentum and is improved as approaching thereto gloomy conclusion. There is a lovely moment when Cal attends middle school graduation. Suddenly, the star of the film becomes shy and introverted, not entirely at ease with their colleagues. However, we tend to feel a greater connection with Cal, than raucous crowds shouting obscene minor mat while drinking heavily in their limousine. Their episode too often and recognizable. We do not want to treat him as he finished and Cal came back with Andre silently prepares one of his final video we like the characters once again feel at ease in a safe fantasy world that they have created. We feel that ignoring the masses, as they are. <br /> <br /> The penultimate scene is gorgeous. The final video to see Andre and C are armed in the car for a few minutes before the attack. It's too real, and really creates a sense of hopelessness. For we know that we know Cal and Andre, and understand that they are going to do it, in fact, with some kind of morbid fascination we also relishing movies catharsis. <br /> <br /> The violence shot in fashion CCTV sometimes shocking, and while it was definitely the perfect choice to reflect the violence, when we were going to it does not nullify the drawbacks. What is most important is the sudden radical change in the perception we have Cal and Andre, looking at them in this man suddenly they are heartless murderers, we knew that they would still have refused to recognize that they will be. This violent and real, our heroes become monsters and the reality of their imagination the terrible tragedy that cost them everything. <br /> <br /> The final scene shows a group of teenagers shooting themselves burned crosses erected for Andre and Cal disgust that they were memorialised. Having known André ~ d and Cal can only be experienced almost sad that they really are gone forever, and they are, of course, we did not win anything. <br /> <br /> Zero days must see for those interested in these acts of violence sensational media. This is a character study well worth experiencing.
