As always, the controversial movie like this has mixed reviews. You either love it or hate it, and not everyone will like this film. This shows, the prospect of the killers, that is what I personally believe that something important to consider. You can hate them, you can qualify for them to understand and feel as if you can tie, but no matter, this film will make you think about the school shootings from a different perspective. <br /> <br /> The film was shot entirely with a hand camera, what I think works very well, as it makes it more realistic. It is completely told from the point of view of the killer, their "mission" at family picnics, all leading up to a great day, "the Zero Day", in which they plan to massacre at the school. Zero Day does not give answers, but simply provides a look at the lives of two troubled young boys and lets the audience decide for themselves. Our feelings towards boys something mixed between sympathy and hatred, but we left confused as to why two ordinary young guys would do such a thing. They showed that a surprisingly normal, typical teenagers, leading a normal life, and if we did not know what they were planning, we would not expect things (they make it clear throughout the film that no one yet knows about their plan) <br /> <br /> action is very good, considering that both actors are complete unknowns. We can only hope to see more work from both of them in the future. Despite how this fictional film, it is impossible not to notice the obvious similarities to Columbine. Calvin and Andre is frighteningly similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold (not only in appearance, but in a manner) As someone who has studied the Columbine very well, I could see the similarities and almost certainly on its basis. <br /> <br /> The actual carnage is shown through a surveillance camera at school and is one of the most frightening things I've ever seen. I was totally shocked to see him, and his feeling that stays around for a while. It is very realistic and well done, and very difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> In general, Zero Day is a great movie, and I think that everyone should at least check it out. In the past we always just corporate killer "psychopaths" and suggested that either they are biologically connected to the accident or had the effect of media, but also as a Zero Day sometimes shows motives deeper than that, and we can never truly understand why tragedies such as school shootings happen, until we saw it in terms of the killers.
