Unborn tells the story of a married couple by the name of Virginia (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga), who have been trying for the past five years to conceive, Virginia had two miscarriages since then and is desperate to have a baby. They visit Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) for help after he was recommended by some of his friends, Dr. Meyerling says that he will be able to help them have a baby. Dr. Meyerling works at Virginia and he was soon confirmed that the operation was successful and Virginia pregnant. At first it seems perfect and Marshall could not be happier, but a perfect picture of life does not last long, as the pregnancy of Virginia develops a problem, it becomes moody and acts completely out of character and she receives a disturbing phone call from Beth (Jane Cameron), the other woman, last doctor Meyerling procedure, which states that Meyerling actually using their patient ends for your Sinister and really disgraced genetic researcher. Virginia begins to question just what is growing inside her ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Rodman Flender I actually thought that the unborn was a decent horror / thriller (it's definitely not a science fiction film, how would you believe IMDb), which pleasantly surprised me. Scenario Dominique Henry is trying to be different and he has to take some credit for that, at least. Unborn goes on psychological horror and panic is not cheap and bad effects, it's got a pretty clever story that works and plays the basic human fears. It moves at a fair pace, although it's not quite action movie any means. The culmination was good and it seemed the proper way to round things and warnings about messing around with genetics, it seems even more relevant today than it was then, perhaps, Flender knew something the rest of us did not. On the downside, it lacks some of the operating elements and the soul dialogue driven film mainly focusing on one person, so that he can get a little boring at times. Also, I should mention is that Erath, that grinning black skateboard dwarf all of the second? <br /> <br /> Director Flender does work OK, the unborn is far from the most stylish and visually interesting movie ever made, but it's good enough. The atmosphere is good and there is a fair bit of tension as the fact that Virginia has within it & Dr. Meyerling in the sinister plans do not end up not revealed until the last moment. Disappointingly the blood and the blood is almost nonexistent, which thus allows the film down because, in retrospect, nothing really memorable happens unborn is based on a good storyteller, which is great, but after a week I doubt that I'll remember too much about it. <, Br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good, I would imagine that the unborn was a pretty low budget, but it is well done, even if it is a bit bland and forgettable. A child being really worthy of special effect and is quite realistic facial movements. Act well and it was one of the first actors' work is credited to friends (1994 - 2004) star Lisa Kudrow, I must be honest, I do not like friends and I do not even know who she was in it so I can not say how it. <br /> <br /> unborn good movie horror / thriller that deserves to be more widely known, and it is clear that it is much better than a lot of low-budget crap that litter video store shelves, if your a horror fan and looking for something a little different, something a little more clever and thought-provoking than usual, I think you could do a lot worse than the unborn. Following the extension of the simplified down Unborn II (1994), I was looking right after that, check out my review if you want ..
