There are two different ways to enjoy this jerky writing the seminal TV show ( "godfather" for the X-Files and Buffy ', etc.); as a monster show (it scared the hell out of me when I was a kid!), or how well-written / acted detective / film noir. It works on both levels. Scariness may be diluted over the years (it was done in the mid-70s), but I was pleasantly surprised when the show again (via a DVD), I actually enjoy it more now for the latter reasons. The late Darren McGavin Carl Kolchak, an eccentric, tenacious, crumpled newspaper man / monster hunter, who is chasing the story, always finds a supernatural angle; Kolchak was a lot of pain over stressed, resentful boss Tony Vincenzo (played with enormous fatigue at the end of the world is also great, Simon Oakland, you can almost feel the pain of his ulcer promising!). The interaction between these characters, crackling and witty (much like Spock and McCoy Star Trek, all more acidic!). During the two pilot TV movies and series in a single season, Kolchack fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracies, aliens and ancient legends (it sounds like the whole 9 years. Working in X-Files! For one season!). And Kolchak did it first! How to cool partially whistled the main title music composer Gil There have been ... well, X-Files creator Chris Carter calls Mike Snow (very similar) X-Files main title "tribute" theme. Both themes work well; leave it at that. And unlike many contemporary horror / Sci-Fi-show, most of the monsters Kolchak is shown in the background, and in the fast rate (effectively and sometimes fortunately, and some of them can not stand modern control, but some still do). Modern horror shows, take note: less is more! One of the few drawbacks of the show (and it is small), is using more solar, California districts, which take place in the city of Chicago wind. NIGHT GALLERY had the same problem; inevitable for a modest budget, LA the show is based on. And some of the secondary characters seem to fall into that (now) are treated as clichés (feminized reporter Ron Updike, always used for comic, sweet, old lady / Board Emily browser). But they all have their moments to shine (unlike many fellow TV characters, as cliche or not!). Kolchak timeless show, which serves as a template for many who follow. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for the horror genre TV shows (Agent Mulder's Real Dad). And as a note, I tried to watch a few episodes of the new, "rethinking" of the show. This clone X-Files (copy of a copy?). And worse, in this case. Carl Kolchak is now the model is ugly, angsty 30-something (playing depressing irritation Stuart Townsend). And giving him Scully partner type as a lame idea; it undermines Kolchak as lonely Don Quixote Crusaders! And Kolchak and Vincenzo hold? Where the stress? Interaction? The fact that they have decided to hang up the name of Kolchak in this little spat of "crap is a prime example of how NOT to do a remake: take the cult favorite series, scrape all unique about it, drain the whole character and color (but keep the name! it is necessary that the cult of the loan!), and voila! Instant summary! He gets the «F» to «rethink 101"! This new version deserve the ax! Stick with the short-lived, but the classic original. It does get better with age.
