WARNING: Possible SPOILERS (but not really - keep reading). Ahh, there are so many reasons to become totally dependent on the fake gem that will not have a place to list them all. Opening credits set the stage with a playful kitsch late 1950s, the cartoon frames; Perez magical about 'Prado mambo theme that seems curiously titles (but unmistakable grunts, and no one has made them); and with familiar names of actors, including Naji full year before she came with her sister Acts 1 and 2 plus Teri Hatcher by Superman. <br /> <br /> TV every scene is filled with small injustices were scattered in different actors, actress and producer in daytime television. Looking into the careers of these people is only a pretext for an old-fashioned, delicious farce. Harling wrote this exuberant hype that plays as a question of MAD Magazine, but it feels like a gift to us in the audience. Some of the stereotyped characters a bit dull, but every little high zeal, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), which is a perennial award-winning host of the show, known as "America Sweetheart». Opening daytime Emmies these awards really bring us into the show Celeste Sun Also Sets. Against all vain fears to the contrary, Celeste wins again. She is overjoyed, because it is always "a real buzz": "Adam, you've watched, I won Well, nguh ...?!» The reason for the lack of Adam soon becomes an excuse for the whole area, and we are immediately on a journey Celeste with neuroses. She cries, whines, and wrings her hands, though the rest of the film, but her dresser Tawnee (Naji continuously waddled after Celeste, invisible in the mist Celeste paranoia) indulges a taste for Tammy Faye Baker, for which it was Tawnee fact in particular, to work. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) has seen it all before. It is the principal author of the show, and she and Celeste was a great support network with each other for 15 years. So if Celeste freaks, Rosie offers to write it with the show for six months: "We are simply saying that Maggie has visited with the Dalai Lama." But Celeste has doubts: "I thought that the Dalai Lama moved to Los Angeles . "" Well, then, some other lamas, Fernando lamas, come on! ". This skewering line should be enough to offend the actor is still alive Beefcake Lamas, son of the aforementioned Fernando Lamas (d. 1982). <br /> <br /> Those who remember the teacher's economy (Ben Stein) on the day of Ferris Bueller in the Off (1986), as he calls deadeningly roll ( «Bueller. Bueller. Bueller»), will take a secret pleasure of meeting they like an idiot writer. Another well-hidden cast members include Garry Marshall (in real life Mr Happy Days and brother Penny), who "gets paid 1,200,000 $ to decide teams" on the sun also sets - he says that he definitely loves "cheerful and cheap"; and Carrie Fisher as Betsy Faye Sharon, who is "bitch." <br /> <br /> Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is a "yummy-with a spoon" (he, by the way) dinner theater actor is now saved from his hell David Seton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr), and led back to the same show was canned from 20 years earlier. Of course, this represents some logical problems for current writers, because his character, Randall Rhode, was supposed to have been beheaded all those years ago. Anyway, they do not work out logical difficulties, and Jeffrey Anderson leaves the Choo-Choo. <br /> <br /> Celeste now can only get worse, and her trick to go across the bridge, Washington no longer helps. Firstly, her hands trembling as she tries to put on mascara, but it soon degenerates into a stalker. Unfortunately, she can not get rid of Jeffrey Anderson so easily. Geoffrey had been promised the development of his one man play about Hamlet, and he means to keep the manufacturer on this promise. "I'm not going to Florida nya-how," says Jeffrey. "You are trying to play Willy Loman in front of a bunch of old farts eating meatloaf!" And, indeed, seeing Jeffrey dinner theater life among all Hawking and accidents cheerful. Back in Florida in his Willy Loman fat suit in my room, Jeffrey Anderson used to rub being called to the scene, as "Mr. Loman." He was forced to sign any cockroaches crawling on its TVs with shoes, and use tongs instead of a broken analog channel changer. Now he found himself as a yummy surgeons familiarity Laurie Craven new ingenue display; so it does not go away. <br /> <br /> Beautiful Elisabeth Shue (as Laurie) is completing an amazing ensemble cast who do a fantastic job all those who know the stereotypes too well. But, of course, the course of true love never went smoothly. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) gets impatient waiting for its stars to grow and become desperate for some advertising. <br /> <br /> Will it plots finally succeed? Celeste will settle your nerves, or it will kill Tawnee first? Will the producer to get Mr. Fuzzy? -You'll just watch * * the second half of this very attractive farce malicious rebellion. <br /> <br /> And you really have to see to believe how short-sighted Geoffrey reads his lines without glasses live teleprompter. If you can not stomach Stsyazhko up with laughter and tears streaming down the face, do not hesitate to demand their money back at the video rental. Large foam (1991) is a gem that you need not to be missed will see again and again, because it is not often that a movie can give so generously with so many hilarious lines. This is a very well crafted humor, almost all of it in writing. Draw with Blazing Saddle (1974) for the chaotic values ​​apoplexy, but otherwise different. Careful and cry. Happy video source whose addiction. 10 out of 10.
