A couple of years ago I bought (and enjoy) the MGM double feature DVD Kolchak two television films, NIGHT STALKER (1971) and Night Strangler (1972). If the universal set of the next TV series came out, I was going to buy it right away - but the rumors about the issues with playing terrible DVD-18s kept me from adding it to my collection; I recently placed an order online, which consisted of a wave of discounted sets Universal Box and decided to take the 3-Discer Kolchak and. <br /> <br /> Watching now, I can confidently say that I am useless "regret purchasing this favorite (if long) crime / horror series broken one: it can follow a standardized formula - stubborn and resourceful newspaperman Carl Kolchak, amazingly played by Darren McGavin, get into hair general with his attitude (excited editor Simon the Oakland, long-suffering colleague, assorted authoritarian figure, a lot of monsters and villains), threatens to only the inevitable (and usually supernatural) threat, but in the end, the pressure on keeps of its history a secret - but to win one (further increased the large warehouse and well-known guest stars for loans frame), making this show a lot of fun. <br /> <br /> However, the quality varies from one episode to the next, and a modest budget receive their results in the SPECI Al and makeup effects, which sometimes leave much to be desired (for example, a werewolf in the same input and Goofy alligator being in the most recent games) - not to mention the fact that they were restricted to a 50-minute programs and is designed for family use to download and does not allow a simplified and useful rendering it is often intriguing psychological and metaphysical themes (in the case of the werewolf again he had never seen biting no one but a few silly, made just to throw people around)! <br /> <br /> While the cynical hero story does a lot to get one in the bizarre plot, there is a healthy dose of comedy aid involved in each episode (often, but not exclusively, revolving around the relationship with any McGavin Auckland or causing reporter Jack Grinnage) - not to mention a reasonable atmosphere (setting, for the most part, Chicago) and the unknown. . To make the trip even more enjoyable, there are bouncy score Gil Melle »and Jerry Fielding <br /> <br /> It should be reminded that there are monsters (but not always defeat) Kolchak during the series: Jack the Ripper restored, various cults (bait, Indian, Aztec), aliens, vampires, werewolves (circling her more familiar concept of having this particular episode is set entirely on a cruise ship!), double, Satanists, swamp creature, electric mass, robot, apeman, witch, headless motorcyclist, succubi, knight armor with deadly Ms. tsom of its own (the episode with arguably the best supporting cast - with John Dehner as captain grimly police Konrieda Hans and Robert Emhardt), Helen Of Troy and crocodile (!). Some of the actors (except for those who play fellow Kolchak) return to the same role - Cinema Winn and Ramon Bieri (both as officers of the law), John Fiedler (as insightful morgue attendant) and Richard Kiel as two different nemeses hero. If I were pressed to choose the best (and most entertaining) episodes, I am inclined to the horror in the highest (with the participation of the phylum Silvers and Abraham Soufer) and to the aforementioned knight murder - while weak, I «d to go to werewolf (for reasons I have already explained) and CHOPPER (based on a story invented by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the set does not contain any additional services :. it would be nice to see Featurette discussion of many of the concepts that are discussed in Kolchak: the night tramp and put a number in a context where the TV was at the time of its initial airing, or even indicating a lasting impact it had on the seemingly endless run of sci-fi series popular today. In fact, he Kolchak - a much younger and supposedly darker mask - is back in the revival of 2005; This version is available in my local DVD rental outlet ... but, for various reasons, I'm not sure that I want to check it out so quickly after 1974-5 classic!
