I loved Kolchak: the night the tramp, as I saw it on the night it premiered September 13, 1974 I loved monsters that seemed scary at the time, and cool music Gil Melle (hey, where the soundtrack guys?) And have often thought that makes this show work for me so completely, and finally came to the conclusion that the reason endured when others do not do one simple, important element, it is that almost no one else scary show, it seems, and it the main character, which most people can relate to in everyday life. If Darren McGavin Carl Kolchak is beginning to show a strange situation, he reacts like most people. He finds it odd, and as he gets closer to the danger, he is frightened, even if he knows that he has to move forward to try to defeat the threat is currently represented in this episode. It is rare that it is bold enough to withstand some higher supernatural power. He, as a rule, put traps and hiding or waiting for its time to see if it works. Sometimes he seems surprised that he was able to defeat the enemy, as we are. In one episode, he goes in search of the monster in the sewers, but when he first sees him, he runs to get out of there, but in a trap so reluctantly, he must go back and defend. He is heroic because he is willing to do what most of us probably will not do it, but it does not mean that he probably will not be much, but someone else did it for him. He's a regular guy doing the work, trying to make a buck, and not a monster hunter. He just gets wrapped up in things related to the supernatural, he has an interest, but he did not want to be sick or killed, more than any of the rest of us. If his plan to defeat the creature does not work, you will often see him for their lives to escape from it, which, of course, that I would do in this situation. That's why I often watched the climax of the show through my fingers like a child. Kolchak was a likeable and you cared when something bad happened to him. You were frightened for him and the other characters too. Producers and writers clearly knew that someone can create a monster costume, scary music and send a disturbing scene, but it's all in vain if you do not care about the characters. Darren McGavin said that the reason why the show lasted only for a season was because he was tired of doing "monster of the week" show and he decided not to continue. I can tell you that I was mourning, when the show was canceled, when I was a child, but as an adult, I can understand why he could not continue in this formula is very long. I still love the 20 episodes and two films that starred McGavin as a clumsy, determined and brusk, but good-hearted reporter ANN known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt that anyone who does shows or movies will ever really understand why I loved the show. This is not a monster, dark-lit sets, horrible music or goofy Guest stars, although they are all vital ingredients. The secret of the success of this right there in the title - "Kolchak: the Night Stalker." Without McGavin in an attractive, clumsy Carl Kolchak sick and care, it is simply not Night Stalker.
