Bill Crain is rarer than rare "grinder" movie, of course, do not follow the standard stalk and slash guidelines that have become so essential of his colleagues. Dominated this time using grenades and small arms, as well as an amazing range of melee weapons; - it is a sin, it's almost unacceptable to the majority of genre pieces after Halloween. But there is just enough familiarity to slasher buff by checking a set of rules and the plot is never too far from the path you have grown to wait. Just as Wally Koz was surprisingly decent 555 seems to be put together with the help of various members of his family, Mirage, it seems to have been a co-production from director relatives. Looking through the loans I have noticed numerous «Crains», are listed in key positions throughout the design element. But, despite the relatively good distribution around the globe, the film failed to impress on both sides of the Atlantic, and now it has become largely a phantom market VHS. However, it only made him come to me yet so I strained the resources to track down a copy ?? <br /> <br /> All of this happens in the middle of the dessert, which, as I am sure you will agree, it is hardly the most exciting place. With that said, though, I must admit that it is, of course, there will be no chance of any curious John Q laws turning suddenly. Four undeniably handsome young men head in the sand for a night of debauchery and mischief that always seems to rub the wrong way death maniacs. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) to meet with a funny new age hippies Trip (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) Online rotational make-up in the middle of the dunes, as the desert. Greg's older brother Kyle (Todd Schaefer) and his busty girlfriend Bambi (Laura Albert) in the near future to apply to join the applicants counting in their quest for an early grave body. Kyle used to date Chris before his younger brother took the liberty of stealing his squeeze ?? that Kyle does not seem too hard to forget. Sound like a motive for the massacre? Well what are you waiting for? Soon someone invisible was driving a truck with tinted glass attached to present a unique set of tricks up his sleeve. Whether any of the children survive, to rise to the sequel? <br /> <br /> I had problems to track down any information at all about this feature. I do not even know when director Bill Crane is a famous William Crain ?? a man after midnight Fear and Blacula among others. Mirage, of course, does not appear on his official filmography, so your guess is as good as mine. According to the reliable work behind the camera, I must say that I find it hard to believe that this is the debut of a man without a cinematic experience. The film is stylishly photographed with a higher work with DP Michael Crane, and the director can boast of reliable talent for creating suspense, if necessary. Gore FX R. Christopher Biggsova is ingeniously designed and disgusting, and kudos sleepy head over to the BBFC, who inexplicably let this pass through the normally strict Uncut on 18 ratings. Several murders really grim. One guy gets buried up to his neck in the sand before you meet face to face with a grenade, and the other end is literally legless after losing a fight with a chain and a pickup truck! There are also some black humor, this is definitely not intentional. We spend most of the functions seeing only boots the killer as he gets out of his car and chases the young. But when he opened the funny like Keanu Reeves about Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey, I did not know what to expect. Fortunately Crane knows exactly how to keep things terrible and warfare, in particular, I mean spirited as psycho ridicule Chris sadistically. <br /> <br /> There are some surprisingly good performances on the display with an extremely inexperienced actors. Divine Jennifer McAllister does an excellent job as a heroine and BHA Steers reflects on his rockers dementia with grace. Casting director wisely chose to select some of the most beautiful women ever slaughtered in the movie Chopper and gratitude does not come at the expense of Thespian potential. The soundtrack works well to build the devastated atmosphere of isolation, which is carefully processed director, which must be signed and cherished Hollywood bigwigs. Keep up the wonderful sequence of the nightmare that is really making a horror movie on this distortion. <br /> <br /> The Mirage good late entry in the series, which was a bit unfortunate to miss the boom year of placement among the elite chopper. If you think that this was done only with a cast of seven, and a pick up truck, you have to say that they did a damn good job. Many shortcomings, but never detract from the credibility of the net result. Unfortunately, you probably got a better chance of finding liquid gold in your cup of coffee than you ever tracking down a copy. If you see this covered with the dust on the top shelf of your local video store, make sure that you have chosen it. Recommended.
