It should be, hands down, the hat, one of the most uproarious comedies ever made. Beginning with an animated blowing bubbles popping, the entrance to the daily prize, the usual phony nonsense broke the stars on the red carpet, then rehearsed and badly acted acceptance speech, poisonous comments uttered by the actor jealous co-star and producer under false smiles. Now it is only in the first few minutes. Then, all hell lose out, and it just gets more and more frantic and funny. Ridiculous in a good way, not to make it a great way. It was the first time I've seen always magic Teri Hatcher. While I can not be a follower of Desperate Housewives, she always watchable - the same applies to Lois and Clark. Not a huge follower, but when I'm running through the episode I watch it. Robert Downey Jr., Makes a great turn as the slimy, smarmy, treacherous, flattering David Seaton the Barnes, producer, which would have given his right eye to see Sally Field Celeste Talbert leave the show, if only at last, to get it out of Montana Moorehead . <br /> <br Cathy Moriarty Moriarty /> absolutely shines in this movie, just as she was, she appeared everywhere. Here, all she has to do is shout "I HATE YOU I HATE YOU you creep!" Or give one of its anti-Celeste-accomplices of evil smiles, and she had me turning into the aisles. So, Cathy Moriarty very gifted actress, and one hell of a comedy. Sally Field gratefully departs from the usual 70-MM size lifelong Tragedy movies of the week, and we were reminded why she, who she is today, starting from comedies not afraid of anything. Her subsequent years of drama conceal her sense of humor, but like a caterpillar in a cocoon, brilliant comedy, she has blossomed, and it was a joy to see her cheerful as she is. Dealing with dramatic actors and actresses that you see in such heavy, serious roles that you associate them with their character, and you can not believe it when you see that they're finally having some fun on the screen. <br /> <br /> How well were the producers to plant Carrie Fisher, if only a glorified cameo. She does not understand that the presence of it bears on the screen. It takes a role which, in the hands of a lesser actress, could easily be forgotten, but it has character, and it seems as if she had written herself. <br /> <br /> How good was Elisabeth Shue to get thrown into the middle of it all! While she was in fact not known to many. Adventures in Babysitting was nice (yes, I pulled to the evening show, for which I had to pay full price), but it did not hold my attention - - a lot. But here, it makes much of its character - the star's niece, who falls in love with the star of ex-co-star and lover, who, of course, is the father of his niece, and it turns out to be a star. mother <br /> <br /> poor girl I'll stop there - I feel like I almost wrote a book about this brilliant eccentric comedy, or at least novel. If you've seen it, remember. If you do not, you missed a real classic, but not really. DVD, made of a material that will last for at least 25 years, and this film is time, so what the hell.
