Some of the best films that are related to the "Comedy" category actually blur between comedy and drama. "The Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid," which were made in the late 1960s are excellent examples. Whether they are comedies with dramatic overtones, or drama with a lot of humor? In many ways the "Odd Couple" fall into the same category of being as a comedy, but very dramatic with deep fundamentals of human nature. Much of what is happening can be fun for the audience, but the characters do not laugh. <br /> <br /> Despite the rather careless TV shows of the 1970s, the original «Odd Couple» is not just a neat guy and dirty guy who are forced to live together because of their marital status. It's really about two opposites who have to face, why their marriage fell apart, and their deleterious idiosyncrasies manifest themselves outside of their marriage. Careful, characteristic of Felix Unger (Lemmon perfectly CAST) and randomly characteristic Oscar Madison (Matthau), is just the beginning and a few superficial. As the story unfolds, we find there is a lot more of these people than just accuracy against randomly. <br /> <br /> In short, the story is really about Felix Unger, who must face the impending divorce from his wife Frances, who we have never met, but it is an important figure throughout history. On the border of suicide, Ungar is in the only place he knows: Oscar Madison in the apartment, where a group of poker buddies hang out every so often. We learn that Anger is not only a member of this "poker club", but the band knows what happens to them and try them inept way to help. Madison figures the best way to help Ungar it will allow him to move with it until his suicidal entirely erased. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately for Madison, he does not know what he was getting into. Madison carefree careless when irresponsible slob who last cleaned the refrigerator, probably, when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Idea Madison serving snacks is to capture dried cheese and glue them between two slices of bread, and then threw the contents of a bag of chips on the table. On the other hand, he loves booze and women, in general, having a good time. <br /> <br /> Anger is not only quite different, it is diametrically opposed. He not only obsessive neatness nut who finds more joy in disinfectant apartment than meeting women, but he knows more than most women about cooking and fine food. At some point, he refers to his ex-wife, not to talk about reconciliation, but to get her recipe roll. In another moment, Unger intended to spend the rest pm sharp cabbage for boiling. If Madison seems impressed, Hangar finally admits that he only does it for his roommate because he can not stand coleslaw. Who is this guy? But he has yet endearing traits: Felix as a hypochondriac. He obsesses about his health to the point where it makes strange noises in public places, saying that it helps your sinuses. He seems to have all the conditions for health in the book. And if they consist of more than Felix, probably is. In the end, he was too self-centered. <br /> <br /> Running throughout the film are references to marriage. At some point when trying to convince Madison Ungar move, he said, "What do you want the wedding ring?" But little did he know that this is not a neat guy who can not cope with a dirty guy, but on the contrary. Their friendship becomes unintentional hellish attitude. And the climax occurs when Oscar invites two lonely British sister to the party with both comic and tragic consequences. This is one of the best comedies of its kind ever written, and not to be missed, with excellent performances by Matthau and Lemmon in a role that's hard to imagine a better playing someone else. Unfortunately, the writing of this caliber, unfortunately lacking from most comedies created today.
