I do not think I really ever given as a tribute to Matthau comedy performer. Of course, he was a great in a lot of frivolous roles, but I guess I always put its success down irritability and cruelty of their characters, raucous contrast to the flamboyant personalities of his frequent Jack Lemmon role, and, I believe, a natural extension of his early work in dramatic scenes. Watching Gene Saks "The Odd Couple (1968)," adapted from the popular Neil Simon play, the realization suddenly clicked: Matthau is, in its own right, is absolutely hilarious! Initially strikes the audience as dirty, rude and generally unsightly, his Oscar Madison in the end managed to wriggle his way into our hearts, the climax of fun hamming confession emotions that Matthau rasp in his voice not quite his. At the same time, holding his own as a comedian, it interacts with Lemmon, of course, pitch perfect; Indeed, the film rightly belongs to both actors, who never failed to illuminate the movie screen by themselves, let alone together. <br /> <br /> remembering Billy Wilder screenplay for «The Apartment (1960)," is Neil Simon comedy builds around itself around quite painful premises. Compulsive house cleaner Felix Unger (Lemmon), who had just been evicted by his wife of twelve years trying to commit suicide, but to no avail abandons the idea after he wreck his back, trying to open a window at a hotel. Depressed, he comes in the house of a good Oscar each (Matthau), divorced slob who lives alone on a diet of crisps and green sandwiches (which may contain either very new cheese or very old meat!). Oscar Felix kindly offers a place to stay, but was soon overwhelmed whimsical face his friend and constant persistence of absolute purity. The pair forms an unusual type of marriage contract, with Felix assume the role of feminized and pastayanna- nagging wife, and Oscar is sloppy, ungrateful man who always comes home later than it should. This is a marriage that lasted nearly three weeks, and, in the end, we can completely sympathize with the former wife of Felix, which remains avvazhanym. <br /> <br /> «The Odd Couple» terrific comedy, most of all because he has a lot of heart. For all of them arguing, it is obvious that the two roommates have a lot of love for each other, the most exciting seen when Felix is ​​trying to launch a furious tirade, and ?? perhaps unintentionally ?? ending informing Oscar as "top", he he. Four poker buddies couple (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) constantly poison each other about some obscure annoyance, but you can not deny that they have the best intentions. Their decision to consider Felix, as if nothing had happened to him, may sound good in theory, but perhaps not entirely ignored the right decision gloomy feelings of inadequacy and Felix inconsequentiality. Unlike some comedies based on popular theater {I was recently disappointed Wilder "The Seven Year Itch (1955)}, this film does not just strike the same chord throughout, and the relationship between these two terminals is gradually developing, through tears, laughter and a lot of differences.
