There's much more to offer in the opening odd couple than the average in most films. Felix Unger (monogram poor man even cursed) checks, in a New York hotel. Cleaning lady says: "Good night." "Goodbye," he answers back. In his room, he empties his pockets, and then struggled to remove his wedding ring only place objects neatly in an envelope addressed to his wife and beloved children. If the viewer finally puts it together ?? aha, he's going to leave yourself ?? we observe to fight for him to open the window ?? No, it will jump ?? The poor guy touches his lower back. That's all you need to know about Felix Unger ?? his wife left him, he was a compulsive cleaner, and he's a hypochondriac. And all this in one place. This is a special genius of Neil Simon's comedy ?? we are talking about the situation and character. There are some obvious physical jokes ?? NO kicks to the groin, no cheap tricks ?? just funny characters in awkward situations. And, of course, he is a master of manipulation waiting audience. Based on the age Swingers, imagine what I thought of the date the scene when Felix starts to cry for the dissolution of his marriage to the girl of his roommate Oscar worked so hard to get into her apartment. It blows, right? Think again. Girls love his sensitivity, his ability to cry in front of them. They invite him back to his seat, as it burned the roll, because Oscar does not pay enough attention. He's like Flynn, right? Uh, yes, but he does not want to go with the girls because he feels vulnerable. Great stuff. And it is made even more with the style that brings to edit minimum and maximize excellent eight-room apartment suite. Do you have Jack Lemmon and bulky, baggy Matthau for the love of God, why mess it up? The visual style reminded me of breakfast at Tiffany's, is that a great effect is made with a large depth of field and the interaction between the different planes of action. Especially memorable scene in which Felix to escape the Oscar closes section only for the implementation of this section does not extend to the side where the Oscar comes from. You get a real sense of the apartment layout, and thus, the proximity in which both divorced live. The twist is that these two really get married ?? with each other. Thus, the observation of family life, which can be ignored in the usual more acute, since they are two guys made a romantic comedy.
