I got this movie from a cousin in Norway and had to turn it from Norway to the US format to copy the video. Comparing this movie (1948) with Heroes of Telemark (1965), Kampen ohm Tungtvannet (Fight for heavy water) throws themselves saboteur, play their respective roles, although the actors have also been cast to play the role of the saboteurs who have given their lives in the struggle against Norway for freedom in the following companies. The site is in four languages ​​:. Norwegian, along with French, German and English (complete with Norwegian subtitles) <br /> <br /> Impressive during the course of history was what led to the fight. French scientists have been interested in learning about two hundred kilograms of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in vemork take to France to do laboratory research on its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were also interested in getting heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were concerned that the Nazis could take over the initiative early, rushed in Norway, and through secret codes, their people carefully elude Nazi spies on his trip to Oslo, where he received a heavy water and makes it back without any interference. He watched the two spies as he boarded an airliner, but they did not see him come out on the other side, where he crossed the asphalt on the other plane nearby, where its cargo was waiting for him. This clever trick worked with the help of an airliner as bait, that the Nazis were later beaten in Hamburg. <br /> <br /> However, the invasion of Norway in the morning April 9, 1940, the Nazis seized Norsk Hydro, and it was up to the Norwegian underground and British intelligence in London, to take action. Professor Leif Trondstad Volunteer Service Eleven young Norwegians; "Swallow" and the group «Gunnerside», that would successfully sabotage the production of heavy water in vemork. This has been shown in detail about how they actually carry out the operation, including the sinking of the ferry after the Nazis refused to take delivery of Norsk Hydro heavy water on rail cars in Berlin. <br /> <br /> movie quality was fair, although there were a lot of matching in the film. I highly recommend this film for anyone interested in the history of the Second World War.
