This film catches a lot of flak, but this is usually based on a terrible look and a male / dressed version of the film, who played American television and has been published to death on VHS and DVD to buy companies such as Alpha, Unicorn, etc. d. This film has never been in movie theaters in the United States, although he was picked up in Spain Avco Embassy in 1973 at a time when there was nudity involved, the filmmakers shot in two versions, one with clothes and one from outside. Fully uncut English name printing exports was named WEREWOLF never sleeps and seems to have been released on home video only in Sweden back in the 80s. It can be found on Ebay and loves and highly recommended. My guess Avco cut the film down to R-Rating, which never happened. In 1974, he was released avkoy television called Rage Wolfman and clothed version was used for the printing of the TV. Cut out 12 years later and fury morph appears on home video on the label of the Charter. This version seems to be that Avco going to release back into the 73. It uncovered version, some nudity, that never will be on TV or in a movie PG. There are a few scenes on the tape of the Charter, which play with nudity, who are dressed in the TV press (source for all those extra dollar's and VHS editions). But the comparison with a fully uncut Wolfman does not sleep shows that 2 scene carved on this release! (Spoilers in the next paragraph) scene where Ilona Waldermar is chained to the wall and whips it after it is converted into shifter is incomplete. After whipping him into submission, she begins to remove her clothes and starts to make love with a werewolf !!! Werewolf responds positively to these sexual shenanigans too. This scene is certainly considered one of the most unusual in the history of horror movies and is a delirious pleasure. It is not graphic, but is referring to bestiality was too much for the American audience, or more likely, the MPAA. Ilona Waldemar desperately in love and could not get hold of them, so all of its scheme to mind control Waldermar wife and to involve it in the case. She wanted to break up his marriage, and she does it while Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately, it returns a werewolf, but it did not slow her down a bit. When she is physically unable to have him as a person, she loved him enough to have sex with him as a werewolf. It also helps to explain the later scene where the werewolf bed down with a woman he sees, undressing before going to bed, and peeping through her window. This scene shows SANS nudity in a closed version and does not really make any sense. In the director's cut, it would seem attachment Ilona made Werewolf horny and in need of liberation, so that he raped the first woman, he can after the escape. Another section of the full Waldemar scene in bed with Karen, and it is seen naked. Very similar to a bedroom scene was cut from the US version of the shadow WEREWOLF (WEREWOLF VS Vampire Woman) as well. The film does have this problem, though, I guess. The director was drunk, ill stand behind the werewolf in points atrocious English dub, the inclusion of sequences from the first film Waldemar writing Aki Wolfman Frankenstein bloody terror and excessive grotesque music score of the film for, etc., but I saw in the original widescreen format and directing (ie wEREWOLF never sleeps) is one of the wildest and most flagrant of the series Daninsky werewolf storyline unrivaled in it everything but the kitchen sink approach. Full cut / equipped with pan and scan a copy of this movie does not make it any good and, unfortunately, this version of commenting on almost every film seen. The film carries a 1970 copyright, and I bet 1972 release date on IMDb wrong. The film is preceded by Werewolf Shadow (aka WEREWOLF the VS Vampire Woman) in the series and was of course released to WEREWOLF shadows. End WEREWOLF does not sleep / Rage Wolfman customize directly into the hole WEREWOLF shadows, offering concrete proof of this. Unfortunately, the full version of this can never get a decent release. An ideal release will be directing the English version, but in Spanish with English subtitles. English dub seriously harm the film. But any Spanish version will display the licensed version, as indicated in Spain during the Franco where nudity was Verboten.
