Exuberant farce set glamorous daytime soap operas in the world! This movie is hilarious! It should be recognized that you must have a taste for films with screaming, hysterical dialogue, on-top action and melodramatic plot twists. But if you do, you're in for one hell of sweetness <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, daytime TV "King Misery.". Celeste cushy life is thrown into upheaval with the unexpected arrival of Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), her long-lost niece, and, at the same time, Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - beautifully, as usual), longtime sweetheart Celeste. But Celeste was hiding a deep, dark secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey could just bring it to the surface. Add in diabolic Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty is excellent, full of "beautiful woman with testosterone in free mode"), who is trying to destroy the career of a powerful hard Celeste; David (Robert Downey Jr.), producer of sausage-boy soap, who secretly plot Montana to destroy Celeste; and Rose Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg), a writer and a true trusted Celeste, and you are in a heaping helping of the plot, and general chaos. <br /> <br /> chaotic comedy, as it is tricky to execute (anyone remember «Mixed Nuts»?), but if done well, can be damn funny! Main ingredient required for every good comedy casting of experienced professionals who know that many times the most ridiculous things did not say, but seen in the expression or appearance. Field, Kline, Goldberg, and the rest are all working together so well and clearly having a great time, it's hard not to become drawn into their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is clearly the weak link here, but she pays attention only to yourself, because it is surrounded by a field, Kline et al. Moriarty that stand in the spectacular role of the villain, forcing you to think about damn hot dominatrix you will ever see !! There are also many familiar faces that you recognize in small (but nevertheless, this is all very funny) role, including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Naji and Teri Hatcher. Director Michael Hoffman holds Swift pace and theatrical story moves to the big finish. Any must also be made from the script Harling, it must be carefully built on the scene of a soap opera within a soap opera. Dialogue boil away with big lines, delivered brilliantly cast (I am willing to bet that many of these things were improvised). <br /> <br /> Look, if you want to see a bunch of the pros do what they do best, and that have a great time doing it, to get your hands on it. If nothing else, it will put you in a good mood and make you laugh!
