Someday, someone is going to write a comparison essay Naschy Polo "Rage Wolfman" in big Spanish surrealist film, "L'age D'or» and «Un Chien Andelou». Naschy film masterpiece delusion from beginning to end. Dali and Bunuel probably loved him, and ate their hearts to see someone do with such apparent ease that they had to rack their brains to pull off. <br /> <br /> The film lacks a cohesive structure, even if he has a plot that moves from A to B to C. Some hodgepodge of "Professor Walterman» - his first name, mind you - who are bitten by a monster yeti during an expedition to Tibet was never the same, which is understandable. One of his colleagues jealous, mad daughter of a famous doctor Wolfstein, is aware of his condition and shows that his wife was cheating on him. But his unit for twisted science experiment to reveal his inner beast. <br /> <br /> «Walterman» turns with turns into a werewolf kills a few people, is located in the electric chair, dies, is buried, unburied, taken to the castle full of circus freaks, wired to a variety of machines, zapped with a variety of electronic effects injects a powerful elixir, hooked up, turns into a werewolf, a woman in an evening dress with a thigh-high boots Nazi fetish grabs it, it slips away, helps quite a female doctor to find their way out of the castle, circus parry vyrad with a battle ax, eventually returning to the werewolf and has to fight to the death against the female werewolf incarnation of his cheating wife. The lady with the Nazi boots takes it with silver bullets from her Luger pistol, they die together, and pretty doctor goes in the morning with a studly reporter, who did nothing. "Look! What a beautiful day it is! »<br /> <br />« La Furia del Hombre Lobo »was written by Paul Naschy in a hurry. Original director Enrique Eguilez was fired and replaced by Jose Maria Zabalza, a drunkard, who was intoxicated shamefully during production. He is often unable to work (although he took the time to instruct his 14-year-old nephew to make some changes in the script) and Naschy ended directing most of the film's credits. Zabalza did rally enough to cut some scenes from one of the previous Naschy films in the "Sign Wolfman». The scenes were, fortunately, is good enough to be used twice, even if the costumes were different, and helped the site of the execution environment after Zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the film. Post production was a nightmare. No one knew who was doing the editing, the money ran out, the print master disappeared for a while, and then by screening the previous version for a film distributor executive arrived to find Zabalza urinating in the gutter in front of the theater. He was too drunk to find the toilet, but at least he made it to the curb. <br /> <br /> However, once the film works if you let it. These are the keys to these atavistic memories we have of the turbid castles vaulted catacombs, chains, whip, murky swamps. Proponents of this type of thing will find a hypnotic watchable even if the story as a whole does not have a special meaning in connection with a fracture gap of execution. In one scene it torrential rain and Wolfman howls at lightning; In the next shot his bones are dry, and he was howling at the full moon. Then again rain. Yet you do not look at it as a failure. His unfold a dream in which conflict may opposites are the same, and the reasons for the effects to pass; First Werewolf raises the power cord and the screams, and then the cable begins to spark with electricity. People say its a low budget hurts the overall efficiency - I say that the movie would be unwatchable, if they have a dime to spend more. It's a miracle to make something out of nothing, and can not be because of the fact that he could have been, but because of what he does. It is easy to laugh at things like this, and even easier to dismiss it. The trick is to be able to see through the chaos, or rather, to consider the chaos as part of the effect. <br /> <br /> Our Paul died last week at age 75, he was ill with pancreatic cancer for a year or more, worked on film projects right up to his last days, but he died in Madrid, Spain, with his family 'her during chemotherapy treatment. Its rich, diverse, and surprisingly long career is the heritage of the people stubbornly pursue his artistic vision in the face of universal basic disinterest. Yet each of us has the eleven-year-old child who will watch his movies such as "Rage» Wolfman enthusiastic reverence. Even people who do not like the euro Horror will find something in this film, to marvel, if only for a moment in a couple of places. You can find it for free Archive.org or even buy it on DVD for nickel. It is much, much more. <br /> <br /> It's funny, Naschy was horrified to learn that many others, I think this twisted, sick, mad little movie as a classic, if not open a movie masterpiece dementia. The problems that he encountered in the production process and the mess the film, which was abandoned after having been perhaps too personal artistic disappointment Naschy forgive. I would never be allowed to decide to forgive him, but I will say this: I would like to see "Rage Wolfman» in dingiest, most cut and degrades full public domain print than ever to sit though imperious, reverse shit up on stamps Cineplexes swine flu this or any other weekend. <br /> <br /> the world has lost a great artist this month. Watch your movies and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
