It sounds a bit awkward to call the movie about the war and the Holocaust shocking, as many of us know all too well the horrors of that war and violence brings. Using the adjective "shocking" I'm not aware that I was surprised about the things described in this film or that I had not know about them, it's just that I'm very impressed with the way the film shows how crazy, and incomprehensibly horrible it is to kill each other, with or without the "causes". <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on successful participation of Hannah in the resistance of Hungary. Maruschka Detmers would have never won an Oscar for this performance, because of the inconsistent direction, but so far its effect is strong enough, and it has enormous charm. It is very well cast as Hannah and immediately has our sympathy. Its very beautiful appearance helps, of course, but it has nothing to do with it being a good actress, playing a good role. <br /> <br /> Some discrepancies keep happening in the war Hanna. I sometimes have the idea of ​​the director Menahem Golan (often neglected for the murder of Gianni Versace) was in a hurry and have to actually allow some more take to the stage. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he has made this impressive and thought-provoking film, and as I have a very positive about it, I think he did a good job. <br /> <br /> The second half of the film is the most interesting and tragic. It focuses on the flour Chana (beware Pleasence of cruel and mocking captain Rosza frightening images) and intensively shows the injustice and horror that comes from hatred and violence and war. I get Hannah war, especially in the second half, as a strong anti-war film, and it only deserves credit Golan. In addition, it is the second half, in which Maruschka Detmer talent comes out, creating a character who is part of the history of cinema as one of the strongest performances, and the tragic always drew. Also nice to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and acting style has always reminded me of Romy Schneider, who -had she was alive, and the buildings of the weld would have made such an effective contribution to the war. <br /> <br /> Hannah tragic consequences of the second half and desperate voltage, which is sometimes replaced with promising prospects and good news leads to a number of the final scenes, which show something unexpected, so moving and poetic in his tragedy, he hit me, like a bomb, and left me in tears. And when I realized, once again it is not even a fantasy, all this really happened, I found myself in an even more tears. The image of Hanna drew Maruschka Detmers will be in my memory forever.
