I saw it when it premiered and just re-watched it on IFC again. This is a great eloquent of many possible stories about the immigrant population working in agriculture came to Hawai'i to work on sugar plantations in the early 1900s. My grandparents were part of this migration; My parents were born in Kohala plantation (Big Island) when setting the time of the film. I moved to the Big Island for a year ago after living in California for over 30 years. I was surprised to see that many of the former cane growing land is still undeveloped, wild cane still grows year after the plantation closed. I have heard many stories of my aunts and uncles, who were the children grow up on the plantation. This film helps to picture the types of stories and memories. This story is a historical document rather than a romantic storyline managed movie. He leaves me shaking my head to read the review as ccthemovieman years. Some people just do not get it. <br /> <br /> I do not remember that Yuki Kudo had a major role, with which she has done an incredible job. I remember her great performance in Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train" and in the Australian film, common-starring with Russell Crowe, "Burning Heaven". Tamlyn Tomita has done a great job with her broken English, especially for those who do not grow on the islands. I had forgotten that Mifune had a cameo as a moving picture show of the narrator. And I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee uncredited, nya-said part as one of the workers on the plantation during the pay scenes. <br /> <br /> I was disappointed to learn that the director and co-writer, Kayo Hatta, died of accidental drowning in 2005. <br /> <br /> There are two other excellent foreign films, mirror this experience cane plantation: «Gaijin» of labor immigrants from cane in Brazil (many of them are in Japanese) in the same period; and «Sugar Cane Alley» about the experience cane plantation in Africa. Past are still available, but «Gaijin», unfortunately, does not appear to have been shown in a long time. Another great film about the beginning of the Asian American experience, when immigrants were more like slaves is "A Thousand Pieces of Gold." It was established on the involvement of Chinese workers in the construction of the railway designated Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan, and Dennis Dun.
