Distortion disturbing, haunting film about life imitating art and art that reflects life. Haim Bouzaglo, director of the film, playing the role of Chaim Bouzaglo, artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright who finds inspiration in his suspicions about the subject of the documentary of his girl friend. As an Arab suicide bomber disguised in a skullcap and US T-shirt, a journey through the landscape in search of his goal and his nerves, Haim rewrites the life of her friend as she films her documentaries and includes life and his actors during rehearsals. But the bomber has struck Chaim left the restaurant a few minutes early. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the history of crystal clear, comprehensive and absorbing, brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of daily life in Israel, where the political is intertwined with the personal, where one lives "on the edge" and people never know with they are playing a leading role in their lives, or simply outstanding bit player in someone else's dramatic narrative. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo plays with the concept of each actor in the future someone else's products brilliantly. We're always voyeurs, seeing that the director sees the fictional unlawfully, but also what the "real" director wants to open. In order to remind us that these are glimpses of particular violation, Bouzaglo takes us into the bathroom and bedroom (sometimes in the bedroom on the street and on the roof), and repeatedly framed his views in TV screens, video, or security. The actors play the role of the actors representing the "real" characters, played by actors. Of course, every actor is the star of his own production, only vaguely aware of their diminished role in the personal films of his fellow actor. Detective hired playwright becomes a character in the game. The actor hired to play the role of detective detective looking for "tips" on how to play the part, captured the detective on surveillance tape, and they attend a cast party as their real self. <br /> <br /> In spite of this diversity of thought, not to confuse the distinct narrative lines: the search for playwrights on the subject, the bomber is looking for the goal, and the detective hunts filmmaker. There is no any difficulty identifying the ultimate goal Bouzaglo ?? weakened and powerless to Israel, in full consciousness of impending danger, but unable to meaningful action. Israel Bouzaglo, impotent fictional playwright crushing his life for his performance. Israel is also a soldier bankrupt entrepreneur, who is the subject of a documentary filmmaker, cheating actors and actresses, and the cuckold husband. They all Israel, because they are all helpless, caught in idle or purposeless actions as a bomber scans the landscape of his best goals. All characters can do, as another explosion was reported to have sex and that is to keep the "killed" the victim. <br /> <br /> There is a personal triumph, an excuse, perhaps, revenge at the end of the game in the history of the film, but the audience will be left painful for the state of Israel, even if they are filled with joy memorable performance Bouzaglo about the plight of the nation in the history of speaking person.
