This is probably the best director Haim Bouzaglo not done so far. An experienced TV director, a well-trained in speaking and steered their actor through a long saga, he was trying to catch the very low-budget film, essentially a special psychological situation of Israelis live, even under the constant threat of terror attacks, resulting in a "distorted" life. Each character is trying to live his own life, to observe and control the other, while he watched and controlled by other characters and basically constant pressure, political and historical forces far beyond his control. Some call it fate, but fate has a very specific idea in this film. <br /> <br /> There's no explicit political utterance in the "Distortion". Characters never discuss politics, not even at the level of saying, "you bastards!" When they hear that another terrorist attack occurs. Their reaction to the events, to localize the attack and the victim count, using the terminology of the official and the media for the dead and wounded. They actually do not live and survive in the troubled times, happy to have survived a bomb, and waits for the next one will happen. Personal, social and professional life, it seems to work somehow, but deeply flawed, and under the influence of events. The main character in the performance of the director is playwright, whose mid-life personal and creative crisis intensified under the pressure of events and the fact that he was lucky enough to leave the attack site minutes before the explosion of the bomb. He hires a private detective to follow his girlfriend, who is a television investigative reporter, whom he suspects that falls on the subject of her next show - another unfortunate man, a former soldier, whose business and family life under dismantles events. He starts to write plays that carbon-copy reality and bring it to the stage in the theater, cinema scene, reminiscent of Hamlet, as well as "New York New York." It's not something that I dared to suspect Charlie Kaufman, looking over his shoulder Bouzaglo, he certainly does not need it, but the screen is brilliant Israeli director in anticipation of later film (and first director Kaufman). As in the American film actors playing real people and begin to interact with them in reality meets stage meets the reality of melange, which never lacks logic, at least, not artistic logic. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo directs his actors with ordinary talent, trusts them and gives them the freedom to live according to the situation and then acting them. His style is much more relaxed than in his television series, and "distortion" effects, although borrowed from the American horror film works very well throughout. The ending seemed a little rhetorical and poor dramatically, but the shadow of the suicide assassin who has the film and the whole situation in the temporal cycle will also monitor the audience, remembering later this film.
