Great little thriller. I was expecting some kind of stupid horror movie, but what I got was a short tight thriller that do not waste our time. Mostof these films we need to get back in the history of the characters, so we'll either feel sympathy for him or hate when people start getting killed. about such nonsense here. Yes, you can see a few characters, but they are really only interact with the principles. Such as the husband of his wife in a motel, whose number has been canceled. We saw them, so we can just how effective the character of Lisa and how inefficient the new clerk of the hotel was. We see that the little girl simply because she will have a very small but important role in the film's end, when everything comes off the bracket. Flight Atrendants, because we need to, in particular, to move the plot forward. Bad guy, in particular, need it in the beginning of the flight. Rude guy was important at the airport to the film too. The only two characters who were only 5 ships without the use of a plot were two young men on the plane. Which was smart, because I thought that they had something to do with the plot. From the first scene to the last character of a woman young executive hotel named Lisa replies. Even if Jackson shows his true colors, she did not panic. She thinks she can do to slow down time. Any other film executive smart woman will behave like idiots. But this is not one. It was a short film, and I was waiting for the usual plot devices to push, because the film seemed to be going to an end quickly. Thankfuly were used none of them. The new receptionist did not do a normal phone call and told her what to do, that the panic release the phone and run out of the hotel, without saying anything, or question your boss and tell her that she had a lot to drink and just let it go, was Craven should do more of these types of movies. Also, one last comment. Brian Cox in the film, but I did not have a clue who he was. I had to come here to see that he is the father of Lisa. It is completely unrecognizable.
