Oh very beautiful red double-headed woman waiting in the aircraft meets the magical young man, that it is connected to. As the two get to their flight and sit next to each other young man, Jack becomes deadly, as it threatens to Lisa or change the room, the politician and his wife will reside in, or even her father die. See now that you happen to be when you're flying coach, things like that never happens in the first grade. <br /> <br /> -Other than have a conflict, which has a seat on the flight, another thing that this film shares with "Flightplan» is a great unbelievability * if * that word history. The case as a whole, to get the protagonist to change the room policy, so that he could be killed, which is quite plausible plan, but would not it be easier to have Jack just find someone that was computer savvy and they hack into the hotel system? Teens today whether to do anything with computers, so I'm sure it would be easier for him to just n ymusits ​​someone to change it with the help of the computer instead of having to go through the problem of spy and Lisa get her in a difficult situation, it lands on the film. <br /> <br /> -Plus one thing that struck me odd was how no one on the plane did not hear a single thing they said. This is a very small plane were talking about here, and as their voices were raised at times it seems to me, as well as other passengers should hear something. But I'm 100% sure I'm reading too much in it. The film is designed to be as realistic as an episode of "24", so that no one may be confused by such difficulties. For all my complaints, though, it is still very fun film that gets the job done. It's not exactly the type that requires to close your mind, but at the same time, it does not require much intelligence to fully enjoy. <br /> <br /> -I I like to sit here in my comfortable chair and raves about a brilliant actor in the movie, but really I can not. I love Rachel McAdams, Cillian Murphy I like, and I like Brian Cox, but they do not really stretch their acting muscles here. It's not a very big problem, because it is not a film that the studio hopes to win several awards and the acting does not terrible, just not great. Wes Craven is not exactly the first thing that comes to mind when you think of the film as it is, but it does a very good job of taking into account the time that they had to shoot the film, and the lack of depth in the script. This is undoubtedly a huge step forward compared to the frustration "Cursed" and as much as I loved him to do something different with this film, I still would like for him to get back to doing what he did in the past, which is big movies horror that is talked about decades after its release. <br /> <br /> -one good things about the film that I was really appreciated, as was the short film. It's great to sit and watch for a good three hours or so a movie once in a while, but now it's like every movie that comes out feels too long, where, as the film just felt like the right length. Not too long and too short. They do not waste time trying to develop a character too much, because they know that this is not a film for this and while they did a very good short film. Being a huge film music geek, I have to say that the best part of the film is ultra cool assessment Mark Beltrame. It's really nice to see Beltrame go from writing predictable things in great music, he does now. I have a really cool techno / orchestral stuff it makes for major titles. It is a pity that I can not find anywhere in the soundtrack, it would be very fond of listening to the name at any time, I would instead jump to DVD, I want to hear it. <br /> <br /> -Overall It's nice that it while it's far from a great movie, you still have to provide for some small entertaining hour and a half
