On a night flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a charming man, who is an assassin who needs her help businessman murder or even her father dies. <br /> <br /> Red Eye stunning thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. The premise is similar to the cell and Phone Booth, but Red Eye is better than both of these films. Almost all of Red Eye is above average, including suspense, action and direction. Much of the film actually takes place on the plane, but it did not slow down the film. The film is very fast paced and exciting, not slow or boring spots. Wes Craven does a very good job behind the camera. Rather than focus on the thrill, he focuses on the stories and characters. The film has its share of a tense moment, but it's not what the movie is really about. I also like how Wes Craven focuses on other passengers and the small details that become important later. Red Eye is really showing their skills in history. <br /> <br /> Red Eye works well because of its young and talented cast. Rachel McAdams gives a very attractive performance and her character is hard to hate. You may even end up rooting for her aloud. Cillian Murphy gives a very terrible and effective work as a villain. That is, it acts engaging at first, but then turns psycho particularly impressive. The supporting cast is also quite good, which include brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The film is also very stylish and has the overall eerie atmosphere to it. Setting works well, since there is an obvious fear of isolation and did not leave. Overall, the tone of the film invariably awful. The scenario is not as strong as the rest, though. There are several unrealistic things that can distract the viewer. Most of them did not bother me, but there were some that left me shaking my head. In addition, the ending is disappointing. It's not just the bad end of a very simple and a different approach would be better. As the film focuses on the characters, there is really no Cry moment, perhaps only a few jumps. If you are expecting a horror movie, you will end up disappointed. In the end, Red Eye is a thriller attractive, and this is one of the best films of the summer. rating 8/10
