Red Eye begins in Texas, where the hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) is going to catch the last "red eye" flight back to Miami, where she lives and works. Waiting for his plane Lisa meets a beautiful and charming Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy), and they both seem to hit it, and then when they sit in the plane, they discover that coincidentally they sit next to each other. After the plane takes off and they are in the air, Jackson reveals who he really is and what their seemingly random meeting was no fluke, Jackson says he is working for those who want to kill Homeland Security Secretary Charles kif (Jack Scalia) and they need it to change their hotel room, where she works in Miami. Jackson says the league to call the hotel and make it happen, or her father will be killed ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Wes Craven, who is perhaps more famous for his horror films like Last House on the Left (1972) , a Nightmare on Elm street (1984), The Serpent and the rainbow (1989), People under the stairs (one thousand nine hundred ninety-one) and scream trilogy teens crushing short, energetic, fast paced little thriller, like red eye seems to be a big departure from the film type Craven usually does. Scenario Carl Ellsworth does surprisingly gripping thriller, I must admit that I really enjoyed, just 85-odd minutes in length, it is very fast moving, economic and right in a kind of point of the film, which focuses almost exclusively on a tight, He taught the story, rather than go in different directions with a large number of plot. Some of them are like this approach, as I have done while others may not, but I think that draws you into the action much more as it comes thick and fast without slowing down any film, and gives you a chance to relax. I really liked the story for red-eye, I am sure that the film, as it will always be one or two doubtful points with the point of view of construction, but what the hell, it's a film made to entertain and to me that's what he did . I really liked the two central characters, Lisa comes across as a very nice while Jackson Rippner (an obvious play on the name of the notorious Victorian serial killer Jack the Ripper) is suitably slimy villain with a cold, "I'm just doing my job" kind of mentality. More another plus is that I do not think that someone is too stupid here, things really seemed to like people and movies, plays a relatively believable manner. I really enjoyed it and it is one of the latest movies Craven better. <br /> <br /> Craven turns in a good tight, tight, taught and fast paced thriller with an attractive cast, some good action and a thrilling story. Of course, he did not hang out and as soon as he starts the action & power he never lets up, far and away the most effective part of the film when Lisa Rippner holding hostage on the plane and after the film goes to the parents of Miami & Lisa home, he became a little more normal, but it is still good. Any special is Rachel McAdams, who is absolutely gorgeous in it, I could see Red Eye again just because it is there and it looks fucking stunning. Those who see the name of Wes Craven's Red Eye is attached to waiting for a horror film should think again, as there is no fear in him at all (despite listing IMDb «Horror», as a genre in the Red Eye). I'm not sure in the final, on the one hand, it was nice to see a villain to live for a change, which is contrary to the conventional expectation, but it might be more fun to see Lisa to kill him in some way. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks, apparently gave EF.KRASN.GLAZ initial budget of $ 44 million, but reduced it to $ 25 million, although it is still very well-made film with glossy production values. Actually filmed in Los Angeles and Florida to California. The film was allegedly written by a husband and wife Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn, to be output, but ultimately the creators who have opted for younger potential customers. As I said, Rachel McAdams pure eye candy and is common in this baby, and worth watching the movie for yourself. Oh, and she hung performance too. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is really fast paced presents little tension filled thriller that I enjoyed very much, I do not think I would enjoy it as much as I do and I am glad that I decided to see . It certainly gets a recommendation from me and Rachel McAdams really hot stuff in this ...
