Creek was the last decent Wes Craven thriller. Since then, there was nothing but an unbearable Hollywood trash band barely good enough for a blockbuster night, including disappointing sequels scream. Perhaps the genius and skill of dedicated movie drained all the energy and work with it, so when it came time for dinner, he did not have anything to serve us, but his own qq. Finally, after who knows how many bad films later, he gives us a delicious, ruthless, exciting, chilling thriller Red Eye. <br /> <br /> Rachel McAdams once again provides a pleasant performance as it plays a hotel manager having a bad connection to the important political figure and a regular at her hotel. Then she meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, she gets to know a little better after a flight delay and bay breeze. What she does not know that he knows it. And he also knows that her father, whom she would never see again, if she is unable to work and meet demands- Jackson used his connections to install it at the hotel regularly for the murder. <br /> <br /> You're probably thinking that this is nothing but everyday thriller full predictability and chase scenes. Despite the fact that this is a good old-fashioned thriller, in the same the beauty. No special effects. Nha cheap does not make up. Just a classic suspense. You feel despair and regret with every decision McAdams forced to do and you really care for her, as you cheer it on every move she makes to find a way out of its claustrophobic position. <br /> <br /> As always, it gives an interesting and convincing performance. It's either her pretty face or her uncanny ability to genuinely cry, but you always seem to sympathize with her when her role requires. Cillian Murphy, on the other hand, of course, creepy looking, so that even if the trailer is not opened it, his final transition from the magical stranger to the ruthless ass is not surprising. Perhaps it would be more trippy to see the nice guy persona like Maguire turns evil ruthless madman. However, Cillian Murphy, after his real identity is set to play a role so firmly you really want him to die, or at least get his ass. <br /> <br /> Or do not lose sight of this feature. There are many moments board squeal and heart jumper that will keep your eyes on the screen instead of your watch, as you would on the latest photos Craven. If not for you, do it for all the times you see your girlfriend or boyfriend, or someone with popcorn jump and cling to you. Wes finally gets it right. In addition to its trademark skill in the dark, Red Eye is not without its humor as Cynthia McAdams replacement at the front desk fumbles to keep the hotel in order. It was a relief that Red Eye was not disappointed. Instead, you get the pleasure of seeing McAdams deliver another incredibly talented work, Murphy looks awful by the minute, and Kreyvny traditional crafts classic thriller. Flying, who was detained and would be the beginning of the Renaissance Craven had he arrived immediately after Crick.
