I find that like the show, but the format needs to be improved. First, the good attributes. I love how this show will take us through life from day to day addict, because manufacturers have a knack at getting the addict to show us how bad they allowed their lives to be. This is followed by the interference, which is then followed outcome. Intervention is not candy coat things, and sometimes total (often short-term because of the time constraints between filming and airing) is a negative result. This makes positive results, the better. <br /> <br /> Another thing I love about the show the quality of the camera. Given the fact that these operators must squeeze in anywhere, not in favor of re-shooting scenes photos, surprisingly good and stable. It is actually a superior script shows like «The Shield», where the picture is so bad, it can cause nausea. <br /> <br /> Now for the bad. Episode sometimes contain two completely different and unrelated cases, which will be mixed together during the show. You get caught up in the history of a drug addict, you suddenly thrown into the history of the other. Get caught up in the story that suddenly you are back to the first drug addict ... or do you? By now you may have forgotten while the individual is at the moment on the screen belongs. This constant flip-flop between addicts really becomes destructive interference during the scenes, because the show will even mix together two completely unrelated events! I once heard, marketing BS The reason for this poor design, "The show can be so strong that switching to another drug addict allows you to view the time to absorb what they see," Oh, please.. It is obvious that the reason for this is because they have the two cases, which are not large enough for an hour show, so that they blend together. Mixing them instead to give every half hour block, as they should, it makes the viewer look at all things (and advertising), if they are interested in one case but not the other. <br /> <br /> I used to find the "blender" episodes are so annoying that I just say my TiVo to record the episodes containing one drug addict, but then it was easier to just record all of them.
