"Intervention" has helped me with my own addictions and recovery. I am a middle-aged married father of two children. I fully functional in my personal and professional life. Nevertheless, I have pain from my past, I use addictions to soothe, and the problem that I'm slowly recovering. If these drug addicts and their families shared their lives with me, they help me to improve my life and my relationship with my family. <br /> <br /> show, unlike many others, is dripping in history junkie and shows the events that are likely to cause their addiction. Many of us suffer, because it's too scary to go back and do as Alice Miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of the truth in the individuality and uniqueness of our childhood stories." The show deserves a lot of credit, at least, to get the process started. This digging is painful and difficult, but worth it. So a lot of coverage of drug addiction - fictional and fictional - seems to ignore the underlying problems. It is often assumed that the addict is only one day began to shoot up or something for fun or for pleasure or profit, and now they can not stop. Not so: the attachment is the murder of pain. I can relate to different events and difficulties in people's lives. There are common themes and surprising exceptions. Many addicts suffer miserable abuse. Some children simply do not respond to the divorce. For those who believe that addiction is an overreaction of the difficulty, I would just say that different people react differently. Although some children handle divorce, while others, like Cristy in the show, "a collapse in a heap on the floor," and their lives forever changed event. <br /> <br /> For example, last night, the adviser said that the pretty young Andrea is looking for confirmation from the men. She strips for cash for a 75-year-old neighbor, and allows men to abuse her. It sounds familiar to anyone? The series is filled with information that we can use to understand our own motivation and to make adjustments in our lives. Often it is those of us small issues that suffer longer. As they say, even stopped playing right twice a day, but the slow clock may go undetected for a long time, until he made your life miserable <br /> <br /> For the manufacturer :. Thank you for show, digging into the past for future work. In addition, graphics, format and theme music genius <br /> <br /> For addicts :. Thank you for your courage to share. Whether or not you help yourself, you have helped me.
