I just caught an episode of Brad, in a crack addict who became a drug addicted life on the streets after his bike racing career began at the Shambles as quickly as it began. I have to say that the story of his bike career more heartbreaking than his drug addiction. Here is this young man to win a bicycle race left and right, and invited to train with the Olympic team training for two weeks, and immediately after his arrival, he offends Lance Armstrong, one of the greatest athletes that ever lived, and usually , callous and hostile to everyone in general. Understandably, he was soon asked to leave. Most of the show is about the fight against drug addiction and how he got his life back, but what I would like to know what happened to him in the first place, to make it act like such an ass? <br /> <br /> In any case, I was confused about how to show, put together, as it shows Brad at the height of his addiction. We see footage of his pan-handling and sleep in trenches and ditches, and even smoking crack. I do not even know it was legal to show, but why the film crew just follow him around and the film that? Do they have something in the hope that this guy turn his life and give them some material for good television episode? <br /> <br /> In any case, it is instructive show, because it shows the effects of various addictions and total control that they can take over people's lives. Sometimes it's hard to watch, because you really see how bad the family and friends are suffering in the face of indifference addict, although I must admit that in the end it all seems a little too specific. There are times during episodes when terrible things happen and all seems lost, but until now, and perhaps I should warn of spoilers here, everything is a little too happily-premature feel in the end, and I have a feeling that is very rare in real life. But still, this show is about people who are trying to help other people, and you can never complain too much about something like that ??
