By 1945, and after a series of solid agitok the Second World War, Errol Flynn to keep on rental United States started to decline since, in spite of the increased severity decreasing views, he embarked on a series of films, which belongs to the genre, which had previously made his name : Daredevil. The first one was good actually - Adventure DON JUAN (1948) - but he also turned out to be his last Hollywood starring vehicle. The rest of his sword have days were spent wandering around Europe: in England CMM (1950), The Ballantrae Master (1953) and Dark Avengers (1955), France Captain Fabian (1951) and Italy for the failed story of William Tell ( 1953), and little seen crossed swords (1954). Nevertheless, Hollywood has made implies it for the last time to their old seafaring ways - albeit on a modest budget of a universal pattern, instead of "A" produced by Warner Brothers, to which he was accustomed, when at the peak of its ... <br /> <br /> However, glorious Technicolor cinematography leaps off the screen here and, while the old and flabbier Flynn might look a pale shadow of his former self, his red-haired leading lady Maureen O'Hara has a field day as the leader of the pirate who tomboyish in depth soul longs for romance and wants to be treated like a lady. Anthony Quinn was still a few years away from his larger than life starring vehicle, so it is usually regarded as a villain - the captain of a pirate Roc Brasiliano, a role he attacks with gusto. As black shield FALWORTH (1954) - on the view that preceded the one - AGAINST ALL flag takes me back to my treasured childhood days of constant watching TV when the vintage Hollywood movies were on the agenda on the local and neighboring Italian channels. <br /> <br /> For all I know, this may well be the first pirate movie I've ever seen, and I cringe at the thought of the present generation of young people, presumably in the belief that much inflated pirate CARIBBEAN trilogy that pirated everything! As I said earlier, AGAINST ALL flag may not be the best pirate thread ever brought to the screen, but it is a solid example of this prolific genre yet. Currently, the preservation of the child's family practitioner, as an Indian princess (Alice the Kelley) to its pirate thief Flynn may strike one as a terribly silly, but the rest of it - in spite of the clearly does not scale the heights of the Sea Hawk (1940), and black the SWAN ( 1942), speaking of the best navigation companies of their respective star - is developing briskly and quite attractive. By the way, the film would later go on to be redesigned, as the king's Pirate (1967) with Doug McClure! <br /> <br /> For what it's worth, an unprecedented box office success of this unappetizing modern franchise, likely prompting reluctance dust studio with their shortlist remove titles and release them on DVD, and indeed against all of the flag itself was one gem in an ill-conceived "Pirates of the Golden age Movie Collection» set of wagon, which also consisted of an obscure waste as pirate's daughter (1950, with Yvonne De Carlo), dOULE Crossbones (1951; with Donald O'Connor) and American pirate (1952; with Jeff Chandler)! Value for money, maybe, but still, I have gained only Flick Errol Flynn from other sources; Even so, when the mood hits me in the future, I could wish to lay my hands on these maritime adventures as Mutiny Edward Dmytyk (1952), onaya YANKEE BUCCANEER and Pirates of Tortuga (1961).
