The Secret of Kells is amazing the first animated film that will dazzle your eyes and move your heart. Disadvantages of a limited budget film, and sometimes limited animation more than offset by the visual poetry of the story of the heroic quest of a young Brendan to become a master illuminator during the dark ages. Historically, it was in the late 8th century, when the center of the Irish education were overrun by the Vikings. The Vikings are here as brute antagonists, the equivalent of the North Sea plundering Huns and the Mongols farther east. The narrative of the film --- which are more than a parable --- centers around the conflict between Brandon, which seeks to create beauty in their illumination during the encroaching darkness, and his stern uncle Abbot--, seeking to protect the town of Kells and his nephew with a looming wall as a barrier against Norman. Abbot neglects the importance of art Brendan in his quest for security. This is an external conflict of the film. Brendan's internal conflict, to find the hidden eyes of creative lighting, which will allow him to complete the picture of the heaviest in the Book of Kells. This eye guards Ouroboros dragon that destroys from within those who are not suitable for this task, as well as the Vikings will be killed outside (It's like a big part of the story, as I will reveal!) <br /> <br /> I really like in this film it is imaginative understanding of their creators some of the greatest works of art in order to survive in the West since 1200 years ago. Stylized characters in flat abstract forms, a certain line in the same way as the original Book of Kells. (Of particular note housecat monk Aidan, defined in a few lines, but clean --- and even metamorphic magic cat.) The range of emotions that Brendan and other animated characters transmit data its economy abstract design tribute to the outstanding artistic director and animators. Decorative borders on the edge of the image changes to complement the dramatic impact of this scene and this feature prompts of the Dark Ages are brought to life the beautiful animation The Secret of Kells. Of course, historical dramas usually tell us more about our times than the times that these dramas are trying to portray. However, introducing the archetypal elements in this story, the writers and director of The Secret of Kells convey a mystical sense of life lived on a distant time in Ireland that feels psychologically exactly how the script can deviate from the meticulous historical fact (lighting group, which are both United Nations Organization rascals club artists The Secret of Kells Sun historically plausible, but they are well designed, solitary characters who do a lot to convey the universal appeal of this quintessential Irish history.) The animation has always seemed to be the best car for me to better help us to understand, visual art from different times and cultures. Magnificent art direction of the film is clear from the historical source of the image, but also skillfully adapted to the requirements of the animated speaking; if the animation existed in the Middle Ages, The Secret of Kells is that it will look! Finally, the search for the hero in this movie Brendan perennial search for an artist to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without being preachy or even particularly Christians, this film confirms Jesus' saying that "Man does not live by bread alone".) In my estimation the most inspirational film about the creative process of visual artists Andrei Tarkovsky's Andrei Rublev, a film about the great Russian icon painter of the 15th century. Secret of Kells expresses almost the same sense of mystery and emotion of the visual search of the artist and the creative process. This, of course, is not as deep as Andrei Rublev, but --- --- devil cartoon! (. And one that will appeal to young and old alike), I think this film will keep well-repeated view: in his modest way of life-affirming, it is a stylized SECRET Kells is a classic.
