After hitting the audience with three very different scenes right off the bat, Serling kept going to introduce the audience to the "twilight zone" in a very strange way, the planned one of the largest producers of the series in the fourth episode. "Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine» is one of the most understated episodes, focusing on the inability of the aging movie star, to cope with the change of time and only by introducing the supernatural element in the final minutes. Because of this approach, the episode under overwhelming at first, but subsequent scans show that it will be thoroughly classy and beautifully written short story. <br /> <br /> The two wires, Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam her disappointment, but caring agent shine in their speeches. The main problem with the episode is that the alleged 25-year-old actress frames unconvincing. Lupino looks identical to when he plays a young Trento as it does when playing middle-aged Trento, and it significantly reduces the tragedy of the situation. Fortunately, Lupino acting her socks in order to convince us of their desperation to return to the past. This is the situation, most of them can sympathize with, and at the same Trent far from nice nature. She is a prima donna, which gives little thought to the feelings of those around her, for example, which has grown dramatically roles that it detracts from the tactless, because he reminds her of how long ago it was the glory days. It's a bit strange that it was awarded with a happy ending. It is clear what will happen from the moment we see a huge projection screen and reasonably ousted in the first moments, when Trent deters maid, stepping from behind the screen. What is not clear in the beginning, however, is whether to get involved in the projector will prove a fee or harsh lesson in appreciating what we have and live in the moment. As it turns out, Trent allowed to return to the past, she craved, a testament to how strong the wish for the real person can be. <br /> <br /> «Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine» gets better with each viewing, top notch writing and action combine to create a short game of great strength, which reflects the nature of man so long to the past, even if we can never return. Except Dark Zone.
