Chris Rock star in this remake of Heaven Warren Beatty Can Wait (itself a remake of one thousand nine hundred forty-one film Here Comes Mr. Jordan), a comedy about a man who dies prematurely, before they can realize their dreams, and his adventures in his new (albeit temporary) organ. In the version of Beatty, the main character was a backup quarterback for the then-Los Angeles Rams. The hipper version of the Rock, our lead character struggling young - and decidedly low talent. - comedian <br /> <br /> It is very amusing to see the razor Rock plays a bad comedian. It's kind of like seeing Tom Hanks plays a bad actor. dream Lance Burton will play the legendary Apollo Theater on-amateur night. But every time he tries his stuff, he was booed off the stage desires - so much so that his nickname became «Booie.» His jokes are lame, his delivery is painful. In short, Lance all that this is not Chris Rock. <br /> <br Lance /> bicycle messenger, and he goes through the streets on their way to experience more of the material, when BAM! He hit the truck. Okay, so maybe he was taken from his body tenth of a second early slightly incompetent angel (Eugene Levy), but hey, he's going to get hit anyway. No dice, it is not Lance not for Heaven to 2044. So what to do? Mr. King (Palminteri), the "manager" Heaven, reluctantly agrees to find a new body for the not quite dead Mr. Barton. The trouble is that the body they are thirsty and the old white man. It turns out that this guy (Mr. Wellington) has all kinds of things - he is the 15th richest person in the country! What luck! You can imagine how Lance turn things around. <br /> <br /> But, of course, while in the body of a wealthy Mr. Wellington, in Lance falls on a beautiful hospital worker (Regina King). We know the man, how hard it is to find a woman's view of our own body, but to try to win one for the time you are a chunky, old white guy! And it's even worse if it is not impressed with your money. <br /> <br /> This is the first shot of Rocco in the title role, and, in my opinion, it performs admirably. There's still a lot of the comedian in him - and, of course, if he ever wants to get a variety of roles, he might have to stop the inclusion of standing procedures in the script - but it is not bad. identity Rock - his drive, his delivery, his behavior, and his passion - is what fuels this movie. He was obviously having a lot of fun in this role, and he seems bent on making sure that you have fun watching him.
