Thief in the night a great fictional account within a few weeks prior to the ascension and the week after that key event. <br /> <br /> I thoroughly enjoyed both production values ​​and the value of the content of the independent Christian films. <br /> <br /> production values. Hey, this is an independent film with a shoe string budget, therefore, I, it would look a bit cheesy (if your standard Hollywood fare list). But, properly compared with other independent films, this film is quite acceptable. More important than the acting style, costumes, and the music itself is a story. Is the story compelling? Work dramatic moments? There is a plot to build a path to a satisfying climax? The answer to all these questions is a clear "yes." As a side note, really important technical material - continuity, sound, lighting - everything is in order. The viewer is able to watch the show, without being distracted by sloppy craftsmanship. <br /> <br /> CONTENT OF VALUE. Message of the film is excellent. If you consider how many ideas the film-makers developed in a short span of 69 minutes, you start to appreciate his skill. It represents the message of salvation, the result of unbelief, the risk of slipping, though enthusiastic, and the threat of a world dominated satanic government with flash, imagination, and - most importantly for the evangelical movie - with biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> in the movie maker is a good storyteller. For example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) it shows us through the action of the reality of Jesus Christ's sacrifice for us. This is achieved in podagovore where the zoo keeper is a bit of a poisonous snake, and nearly dies. The only cure for the blood of someone who is not immune to snake venom. Poison, as a sin; treatment of the blood of Christ shed on the cross. (2) The film director is also developing a message of salvation through dialogue. It has a variety of symbols to explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. Thus, the film-maker uses both action and dialogue to tell its story. <br /> <br /> As a side note, the fact that the film is made on evangelicals actually contains the dialogues and scenes that convey the message of salvation clearly defined, clearly couched in the language of the Christian Gospel, imagery and theology is also quite acceptable . To criticize this movie for what is clearly absurd Christian; it looks like criticism at Nike commercial for the promotion of sports-wear. What else Evangelical filmmakers do, if it was not a film that argues their case? In addition, the fact that the film-maker uses the idea that a believer will be left in a godless world, again, is quite acceptable. The film-maker uses the dramatic potential of this idea perfectly. How do I know? I heard about a thief in the night with a woman who had seen the show, both in 1974; she still lives in the memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say that about? All around, a very nice, thought the show. I plan to show it to my teenage group in the church.
