Elvira Mistress of the Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin Charles Wolfe Sharon Hays, Bill cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Il Hayden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Mary Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eva Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Dewames, Timo Hill, Reed Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Scenario Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, Mistress of the Dark icon was TV 80, had his own late night show on cable. She accepted and presented classic American horror movies, many of them mannerisms, while providing their own jokes and humorous comments. Actress Cassandra Peterson has to this date covered on this success. In 1988, her first film was released. The game itself, it gets stuck hosting a show monster movie, but wants her own show in Las Vegas and make a lot of money. Her agent Manny proves disappointing. It's not long before she inherits a house from a deceased relative of the domestic dog and recipe books. She comes to claim her legacy in the small town of Nevada - she was on the way to Las Vegas and lost - and soon moving things in a balanced community. Open conservative woman Chastity derelict City Council (Makklorg) will soon see it as a threat to the integrity and values ​​of a small town. Her voluptuous figure and personality of victory soon attracts the youth of the city. It falls to Bob Redding (Daniel Greene) in the handyman / carpenter, but before a real relationship can flourish, it is in big trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard) terrible old man who is also set to inherit part of the fortune relative Elvira actually age-old sorcerer, having a personal vendetta against Aunt Elvira and most Elvira. He knows that the so-called "recipe book" really powerful book of magic power he wants to claim for themselves. He schemes to bring down Elvira at the expense of the city to burn her at the stake. As Elvira will come out of this? The film had no real success at the box office, attracting crowds of mostly young viewers who are familiar with the show, Elvira by cable. In truth, it's funny and a feel-good movie. Scenario chalk full of a variety of jokes, some bad, some good, many sexual allusions, visual jokes and general campiness ie hilarious final scene, in which Elvira finally got his own strip show in Las Vegas. This film is a cult kind, catering to fans of Elvira. You might not enjoy this film differently. It is also a look back at the "pop" culture of the 80s. Elvira was the same icon 80s as it was Alf, Vicky robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr T and Madonna.
