From the very beginning of his career in the 70s, and significantly during the exuberant 80s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) grew up in a modest icon and a real cult figure in the world of horror and bad monster movies. While Ms. Peterson has taken on a variety of supporting roles in films that cover a wide spectrum of genres, it was her TV character Elvira, which brought her great fame. Part of its charm ?? and respect from fans ?? lies in the fact that she never turned her back on the horror genre that made her famous (in contrast to many other big name actors and actresses who would like to distantiate himself from his "beginning" of the work). I've only seen bits & part of her television appearances, but her cameo in a recent tribute Ghoultown songs in "Mistress of the Dark" really inspired me to check out more of her things. One thing was clear to me long before this music video: Over the years, Elvira became a force influences themselves until in the mid-80s came around <br /> <br /> And in 1988, after the movies . as "Fright Night" and "Terrorvision" is included in the parody and homage to her TV work, it finally happened: "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark", a movie. Now I saw the trailer for it even in those days, video rental, but it took me until last week to finally see a real movie. A few years ago I was able to see the "ghosts of Elvira Hills» (made in 2001), but for some reason he did not impress me all that much. whether it was in fact that is forgotten, or should I give it another watch? I really do feel again watch it now, because it's the first film Elvira with 88 really convinced me. While there may be partly responsible for this film to work, maybe Sam Egan and John Paragon with their contribution to the script, in fact there is no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a great sense for comedy (also co-writer). <br /> <br /> If Elvira learns that she is one of the beneficiaries of the Great aunt (she had never heard of before), she takes it as a long cherished the opportunity to start his own show in Las Vegas. With its demand for the right to inherit the money, she goes to a quiet town in New England. But alarmed townspeople Falwell in for a treat. In an instant, she manages to shock and offend all the typical inhabitant of the conservative small town with her (often inadvertently) provocative behavior. To make things worse, her legacy is not what she expected: worn-out house, a cookbook and poodles. But what she does not know, and her evil uncle Vincent Albot makes her great-grandmother was a witch, and cookbook contains recipes to cook the most hellishly dark forces imaginable. And if you exclude the film even before that time, Elvira cooked her first meal of the cookbook, then rest assured that you're going to sit this trip with a smile on his face. <, Br /> <br /> amazing how the script rigging together with tits, jokes, witty jokes, movie references, inside joke, and bade taste of fun also manages to tell a coherent story. Simple, of course, but consistent. While other films rely heavily on gags such situations, it often makes you lose track of in the history of completely (as in "The Naked Gun" movies, for example), this film does not. Many horror comedies were made during the 80s, but not many of them actually work. Not to mention the horror-parody, not derailed at some point ( "Killer Party", although I am grateful for this one is going completely bonkers during the finale) or gets too tiring too quickly ( "Saturday 14th"). Although the "Elvira" is more comedy than horror, it does not lose track of what he was doing, and consistently ranks in the side of the slightly grotesque finale, complete with supernatural showdowns on Falwell streets between newborn witch Elvira and evil uncle Master Talbot, not including real hunt witch chestnymov to God and their own burnout at the very stake in Elvira. <br /> <br /> I'm telling you, there is no power in hell, which could make this movie unfunny. One of the first I got the giggles during the opening credits is, when there was the name of Daniel Green. Daniel who? Oh yeah, I heard his name (and later the near Mego his face). How can you not forget Daniel Greene times have you seen ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you have not seen "Atomic Cyborg", I'm sorry, but you will not be able to laugh at his face in it. And on a side note: I could never imagine Elvira looking for this cool while ignorant driving away from a gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not make the shoot look better.
