"Why do they make them so great? Why do not they just give the money to the poor? "The question of student councils asked Mr. Harvey during a school trip to the Salisbury Cathedral. "It's a good question," he said. "In part, to inspire them -. Make them look with awe," I'm not sure that cathedrals have that effect on everyone, but this film is, of course, this effect on me. It was awesome! <br /> <br /> It did not start well. For a while it looked like little more than an image - a - school field trip to the Salisbury Cathedral. If you are ever at the secondary school tour anywhere, it basically is. Do you have a group of largely uninterested children just happy to be out of school for the day, the bus driver, which is crazy with them, and some teachers are desperately trying to keep everything under control. Been there, done that, got the T-shirt was my first reaction. I thought that in the end it will be a typical story of a teacher to inspire the management group of disinterested students. Yawn! But it is much more! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr. Harvey - grim, unsmiling teacher with a strange passion for cathedrals. Throughout the film, its story goes slowly and becomes the center of the story. We also look at some of the problematic students - especially Helen, also brilliantly played by Nathalie Press, who is in self-mutilation <br /> <br /> This is not a religious film, but it includes some powerful reflections. on religious themes. If a colleague Harvey Zhonaton (played by Ben Miles) says: "I do not care what anyone thinks, as long as they do not try to force it on someone else," Harvey replies, "This is not tolerance - that indifference!" - that, in fact (in my opinion), that often passes for religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between the various characters, and the final scene of the film was brilliant. Harvey climbs back on the bus, the director Susanna White has the camera slowly moved up, so that the latter shot just heaven - listen back to comment Harvey, that the purpose of the Cathedral, to get people to watch in awe. Cathedral achieves its goal. We look the world in awe, looking for something more than what we own, but we have decided to define it. This is a very powerful and inspirational film. 9/10
