Match 1: Tag Team Match Table Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started things with a Tag Team Table match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the match, both enemy must pass through the table to get the win. Benoit and Guerrero heated early turn Hammering first Spike, and then Bubba Ray. German SUPLEX Benoit to Bubba took the wind out of his brother Dudley. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee stopped him while Benoit and Guerrero ganged up on him in the corner. With Benoit stomps away at Bubba, Guerrero create a table outside. Spike ran into the ring and tumbling through the ropes to the outside of Guerrero! After recovery and taking care of Spike, Guerrero slipped a table in the ring and helped Wolverine install it. Tandem then set for a double superplex from the middle of the rope, which would put Bubba through the table, but Spike tapped the table on the right, before his brother collapsed! Guerrero and Benoit backed another table in the corner and tried to Irish Whip Spike through it, but Bubba dotted line and blocked his brother. Bubba fired up and raised both opponents in the back body drop! Bubba closed Guerrero and Spike Wolverine crushed with the top rope. Bubba had Benoit in the bay for Spike hovering in the Wassup! Headbutt! Shortly thereafter, Benoit closed Spike in crossface, but the match continued even after Spike burst. Bubba came to the aid of his brother and was able to stretch out on the table Benoit. Bubba jumped from the middle rope, but Benoit moved and sent Bubba crashing through the forest! But as his opponents did not make it across the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the game. The first man was eliminated shortly after, though as Spike put Eddie through a table with Dudley Dawg from the ring apron to the outside! Benoit put Spike across the table minutes later to equalize. Within a few seconds, Bubba nailed Bubba Bomb, which put Benoit through a table and gave Dudleys win! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Match 2 Heavyweight Championship Jamie Noble vs. Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenge Jamie Noble, Nidia who brought with him to the ring for the championship Cruiserweight. Noble and Kidman locked up and turned over the ring, but raced back and grappled again. If Kidman thwarted all moves nobleman, Noble ran out of the ring, where Nidia gave him some support. Fighting has spread outside the ring and Noble left his girlfriend at the enemy. Kidman Nidia tossed away, but was shot with a modified arm bar. Noble continued to attack injured arm Kidman returns to the ring. Kidman injured injury prevents his crimes, but he continued to fight hard. Noble tried to put Kidman out of the Powerbomb but challenger countered in facebuster. Kidman went on to finish things with a Shooting Star Press, but Noble broke up again. Kidman went back to Shooting Star Press, but this time Noble just rolled out of harm's way. Noble flipped Kidman in power bomb shortly after and got the pin to retain his WWE Championship in the heavyweight division! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3 European Championship William Regal vs. Jeff Hardy William Rega took Jeff Hardy the next in an attempt to regain the European Cup. Jeff Regal ejected over the top rope is then taken down from its hurracanrana from annular skirt. Back in the ring, Jeff hit the Whisper in the wind to knock Regal for a loop. Jeff went for the Swanton Bomb, but Regal got his knee to hit Jeff with a devastating shot. Jeff managed to surprise Regal with a quick rollup though and got the pin to retain the European Championship! Regal began to roar, seeing Hardy celebrate their way back up the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Cena Chris Jericho promised to finish his career in John Cena match at Vengeance, which came out the next time. Jericho tried to teach Cena a lesson their match began suplexing him to the mat. Jericho knocking Shin around the ring until it boldness entirely overcome it. While on the top rope, Jericho became a fun and allowed Cena to grab his superplex! Cena followed with a tilt-a-whirl slam, but was removed from the unpleasant Dropkick in the intestine. Rookie recovered and hit Suplex tummy tuck, but could not put y2j away. Jericho began in Lionsault but Cena ducked movement. Jericho nailed bulldog, and then interconnected to Lionsault, but did not go on the cover. He incited Sin to his feet so he can put on the walls of Jericho. Cena had other ideas, changing the course of trying to get pins and 1-2-3! Jericho was furious after the match. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5 Championship Intercontinental RVD vs. Brock Lesnar via disqualification the next big thing, and Mr. Pay-Per-View confused with the Intercontinental Championship on the line. Brock captured the title with the ref and threw it over his shoulder for a moment, looking at RVD. Quickness Van Dam «s gave Brock approaches early. The great man rolled out of the ring and pushed the steel steps out of frustration. Brock came to his senses and began to take on responsibility. With Paul Heyman beaming in the front row, Brock hit RVD on the hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock began to overcome RVD, throwing him through the ropes with ease. RVD landed painfully on his back, then had to suffer from the fact that his spine hit the steel ring steps. Fight back in the ring with RVD Brock squeezing around the edges. RVD broke away and soon after Brock leveled with a blow to the temple. RVD came from Rolling Thunder, but Brock was able to drive after the two count. The fight looked like it might be over soon as RVD went five-star Frog Splash. Brock, though, lifted Van Dam on his shoulder and went to the F-5, but RVD circled Brock DDT and followed with a frog splash! He went on deck, but Heyman pulled the ref out of the ring! O immediately called for a disqualification and soon exchanged blows with Heyman! Once, RVD jumped on Brock to the top rope, and then threatened to hit the Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed his leg RVD and Brock took the champion and this time associated with the F-5 on the steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker vs. Big Show Booker T faced the Big Show one on one another. Show withstand punches and kicks Booker and Booker hit a corner. After being thrown from the ring, Booker took a chair in the front row, but Big Show punched him back to face Booker. Booker tried to return to the game, suffocation Show with the camera cable in the front row. Booker pitched a TV monitor with the position of Spanish speakers in the show of the skull, and then put the scissors kick, the two men laid across the table! Booker crawled back into the ring and Big Show in a checkerboard pattern in a minute later. Show grabbed Booker's throat, but was met with a low blow and a slap in the face. Booker climbed to the top rope and nailed a tumbling leg drop to get the pin! Winner: Booker <br /> <br /> Ad: Triple H came to the ring, to the thunderous applause of the fans were hoping to find out where the game will eventually compete. Before he could speak, Eric Bischoff stopped the game to apologize for are included in his personal file. If Triple H signed with RAW, Bischoff promised his personal life will never again come into play. Bischoff said he has spent the past two years the network in Hollywood. He said that everyone is looking for the next breakout WWE Superstar, and they all talked about Triple H. Bischoff ensures that if Triple H had signed with RAW, he will receive the higher possibilities that come his way. Stephanie McMahon came out to release your own pace. She said that because of his personal history with Triple H, then the two of them know each other very well. She said that two of them were once stopped, and they can be again. Bischoff interrupted her and asked her to stop. Stephanie cited that Triple H once told her how Bischoff told Triple H had no talent and no charisma. Bischoff said that he was young at the time and did not know what it was, but it still has a lot more experience, Stephanie. The two continued to argue back and forth, until Triple H did not come with a microphone. Games said it would be easy to say "screw you" or one of them. Triple H went to shake hands with Bischoff, but pulled it out. He said that he would prefer to go with the devil, he knows, and not one that he does not know. Before he could go any further, though, Shawn Michaels came out to flinch. KBC said the last thing he wanted to do was cause any problems. He did not want to get involved, but he remembered promising to bring Triple H in the NWO. KBC said that no one in the world that Triple H is better with friends. KBC said to his friend, to represent the two back together again, making life a living hell Bischoff. Triple H said that it was a tempting offer. Then he turned and hugged HBK, making it the official switch to RAW! Triple H and HBK left, and Bischoff gloated over his victory. Bischoff said that the difference between the two of them is that he has balls and she does not. Stephanie exhausted Bischoff on the side of the head and left <br /> <br /> Match 7: Tag Team Championship Match Christian and Lance Storm vs. Hollywood Hogan and rib match began with loud songs of "USA" and Hogan pushing Christian through the ropes and out of the ring . Canadians took over from there. But the edge in the blow killed the Christian's head and landed on facebuster storm to get the label Hogan. Hulk Hogan has started and soon caught Christian with a big boot and leg drop! Storm dispersed expense and Christian Hogan dropped from the ring where Storm superkicked icon. Edge recorded soon after and both players dropped. He pierced both of them at the corner turnbuckles, but did not get to Strom spear and hit the ref hard instead. Edge nailed a DDT, but the referee fell and could not count. Test sped down and carried Hogan then aligned with the edge of the shoe. Storm tried to get the pin, but the edge of being kicked out after two. Riksihi rushed to parry the test, which allows the Group to restore and spear Storm. Christian distracted the ref, while the dotted line Y2J and Edge clocked a championship tag team! The storm rolled over and got the pinfall, to win the title! Winners and New Tag Team Champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE Championship Undisputed Triple Threat Match. Rock against Kurt Angle and the undertaker Three of the most successful WWE superstars lined up against each other in a Triple Threat Match with the Undisputed Championship hanging in the balance. Tucker and Rock received a face-to-face with Angle begging for some attention to the side. He drew attention in the form of watering is formed by two other men. Shortly thereafter, Taker spilled out of the ring and The Rock fought with angle. Angle gave a series of suplexes, that carried the Rock, but Big oppose DDT, it was possible in the two accounts. The fight continued outside the ring with Taker came to life and clotheslining corner and whipping The Rock a few times. Tucker and Rock entered his back in the ring and Taker Rocks fell to the sidewalk slam to get the two-count. Rock resumed, grabbed Taker by the throat and chokeslammed him! Angle broke up the pin attempt that would have given probably the Rock title. Rock retaliation closed on the ankle lock to Kurt Angle. Angle reverse and Rock Bottomed the People's Champion. Shortly thereafter, The Rock disposed of the angle and hit the People's Elbow to the undertaker. Angle tried to use disabling Great One is the coating ring and Taker, are expelled after two. Outside the ring, Rock took a long drink from a nearby water bottle and spewed liquid in the face of the one who takes to dazzle champion. Taker does not remain disabled for a long time, and was able to overcome the Rock and pay attention to the angle. Taker guillotine landed foot drop through an angle lying in the annular apron. Rock got up just in time to break up the pin attempt on Kurt Angle. Taker nailed Rock with DDT and set it to chokeslam. Angle tried to sneak up with a steel chair, but Taker caught on this nonsense and smacked it out of his hands. The arbitrator was in the ensuing fire, and did not see Angle knocking Taker silly with a steel chair. Angle went to cover Taker, like The Rock lay prone, but a dead man got his shoulder up. Angle tried to squeeze Rock, but it also kicked out. Rock got up and landed in the corner of the sniper! Angle looked like he was going to press, but Taker shoved Rocks from the hold presentation. Taker chose Rock and hit him on the last ride. While the dead man covered him for the win, he raced to the corner and took Taker in the castle ankle! Taker went delirious with pain, but managed to resist. He chose a corner for the last trip, but the angle of the triangle to put on a choke! It looks like Taker was going to pass, but the rock broke the hold corner only to find himself caught in the castle ankle. Rock came out of the hold and watched Taker chokeslam angle. Rocky hit the Rock Bottom, but Tucker refused to go down and kicked. Angle circled Taker up in corner Slam, but was rock Bottomed Great One and pinned! Winner and new WWE Champion: The Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally, there is a decent PPV! Recently PPV while not good, but this one was a winner. I give this PPV with A- <br /> <br />
