Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost. Feeling the pain, grief and sorrow can be unbearable. However, sometimes it's the memories that they leave behind, causing the saddest emotions. This theme is beautifully portrayed in the short film "Tulip" directed by award-winning Australian actress Rachel Griffths. Described as a movie "as much memory as it is about love," the sensitivity of the string and sentimentality cleverly screwed into the triumphal 15 minutes of the film. <br /> <br /> «tulip" beautifully wrought, touching the heart warming story about a man traveling in the near to terms with the loss of his wife through the relationship he shares with special animals, «Tulip». The film begins with the rising dawn, the chirping of birds and a vast landscape, introducing a sense of rustic harmony present throughout the film. Soft music is playing, marking the entrance to Ruth (Jean Bain). She wears a flowered dress and an apron with a sun hat on his head. She gently pets Tulip, caressing her ears and patted her on the back. The furniture of the house is impressive and the attention to detail is flattering (a vase of tulips can be seen at the stand), reflecting the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles «Bud» Tingwell) meets Ruth, her caring milk from a bucket. They pour the milk and coffee together, a symbol of communication and collaboration. Not a word, but it is obvious that their relationship was close and affectionate; they paint a full picture of happiness. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. The tragic passing of Ruth Will affect deeply. Effective scene fading car emphasizes isolation and weakness of Will at the end of the funeral. Soon, he is immersed in depression and becomes oblivious to his surroundings, when all seems hopeless and lost. When Will desperation, tulip becomes a symbol of Ruth, a real connection with the Will of his late wife. It is through the tulip that Will learns to cope with the absence of Ruth and overcome the heartbreaking loneliness. <br /> <br /> Each of the characters are real and well painted, especially in terms of the Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings the symbol of life through a personal investment. The recent loss of his wife (Audrey Tingwell) reflects the effectiveness of its actions. Each bending his shoulder, and every wrinkle on his forehead to make the audience empathize with much character. The character of Ruth beautifully conducted by Jean Bain. Although Ruth did not say a single word throughout the film, her sweet face and a loving relationship with Will is obvious. Lois Ramsey and Katie Edwards give excellent performance in a supporting role as a friendly and Mary Margaret. They also add subtle humor bitter history. <br /> <br /> anecdote from Griffths' childhood, history of loss and discovery well captured in the "tulip". Beautifully filmed and acted in this film great, sure to make you misty eyes, victory or feel like a cup of milk.
