I have read a few reviews of this television movie, which all said that the film lasted too long, and it was basically just sensational entertainment. I agree that perhaps the film goes on a bit too long (2h30 would be enough ...), but I certainly do not think it's a sensational thing. expansive journey strength of Jim Jones and the slow degradation in mental illness, paranoia and addiction is never considered in voyeuristic way. The film takes its time, showing how recruited followers Jones (Brenda Vaccaro and character Dourif are Stand-outs in this issue), but also to observe the weird shift in the perception of the reality of Jones. It is stunning to see the surge, the left wing and compassionnate preacher became so destructive and cruel dictator. Perhaps, the film explores the motivations Jones enough that could make the whole ordeal a bit superficial time (you may have to do with censorship, as well ...) But mesmerizing performance Powers Boothe makes it all come true. I'm not familiar with the details of real life Jim Jones, but Booth is sure, making the monster he plays believable and real. The film has a lot of strong scenes, among them preach dining Jones, Jones meeting with the father of Magic (and remarquable James Earl Jones), Congressman Leo Ryan (Ned Beatty) visits' s camp in Guyana, and of course the suicide scene. It's pretty grim to watch and spectable Boothe full team in these last minutes. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene, as one of the skeptic suddenly repeater, and also Veronica Cartwright (as Jones's wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when their time comes to drink a deadly potion. The relative calm at the end of this scene, a sophisticated direction and contrasting beauty of nature all work in the creation of these images is quite impossible to erase from the minds. Anxiety thinking about human nature and its weaknesses. Worth a look, if only to keep in mind one of the truly horrific events of the 20th century. Do not let it be repeated again. Paradoxically, the inscription in the camp of Jim Jones: "Those who do not know the past are bound to repeat."
