Most successful comic book movies, generally depend on the presence of rascals who are larger than life, ready to jump off the screen and strangle you alive with a smile or a crazy line or two of dialogue. Tim Burton Batmans had it, as well as (even more grotesque manner) Sin City. With Dick Tracy producer / director / star Warren Beatty fields on villains, until it becomes part of the system. How noisy tribute to the 1930s, the gangster pictures- only this time designed for children, in contrast to the darker Clyde- Bonnie and Dick Tracy is filled with joy, with archetypes and bright, primary colors, where criminals carry guns and formed on their faces shape their identity. Villains like The Stooge, shoulders, lips, eyebrows, Mumbles, blank, Pruneface, Spud. Chester Gould gave the names of his characters, which match their profiles, and gave his hero a jaw that could cut glass. The film is a continuation of gags, which are quite serious. <br /> <br /> If, at the time, films like Batman and (understated) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were dark depictions of reality in comic sketches Dick Tracy is more "old school". This is the story of police and criminals, rather cop Tracy detective as he tries to destroy the Big Boy (Al Pacino, that perhaps his biggest performance to date, and in a certain sense, one that makes sense to a grand style for him ), but no such luck. There's also a small child, simply called Kid (Charlie Korsmo, who brings more boldness to this little child, what would I have been imaginary), and Tracy's love interest in Tessa. And then there's a nightclub "lady" (Madonna, who probably does not give a big performance acting, but perhaps suits the role perfectly, and she sings well when called) that the custom to give evidence when Tracy does not recognize feelings that he casually 't have for her. Then there is the intricate relationship with Tracy taking down a mysterious masked figure with a lean voice. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, as does the embodiment of the film Howard Hawks in a splash of visual effects, and more explosions, Dick Tracy adds to the wink-and-nod comedy and action, as well as his syrup on a high stack of pancakes. It's amazing to look at this world, which is created in a way that has a fascination to them that if they were made today, would quite simply a proxy computer (eg Sin City, which can be justified compared with Beatty film). We drove through this world in a big shot, and then stuck to the storyline, or all that is in it, in large assembly editing angles that seem to come out of these small sloping panels in the comic old. I almost reminded Cotton Club during these sequences, as well as history, music, and detail some big punches and weapons shots go a long way to find what you need to say that, in fact, no more than is necessary. And there are a bunch load of catchy dialogue from the script (one of my favorites: "The enemy of my enemy is my enemy ..." as well as any of the links to other Pacino figure quoted) <br /> <br. /> Revisiting this after seeing her for the first time in the cinema (and only remembering the little pieces), Dick Tracy hardboiled imagination in the finest degree. It is filled with good humor for kids, and with some very good action squared away without some of the more sinister intentions of his cousins ​​comics movies (for example, the PG-13 fare), and adults of his throw-back center made of panache and solid feel for unsubtle. Even Dustin Hoffman hams him, and he hardly speaks audible word!
