The opening credits make for a brilliant, atmospheric part of escapist entertainment, full of little nods to the comics. All the good guys are good, all the bad guys are bad, and the film was killed with familiar character actor, it covers gruesom makeup in hi-facilitated their performance. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, and Dick Tracy, is the ultimate tough guy straight man, incorruptable, usually quiet, always a better fighter than the other guy, and rarely one to select the border of legality. Al Pacino as «Big Boy» Caprice steals every scene he is hump-backed gangster in some unnamed metropolis of 1930s gangsters. Maddonna plays such a person, it is likely to play better, choking Mahoney, a nightclub singer and femme fatale with flying her own little agenda. Gleanne Headley is a tough-talking Tracy, fiercely independent long-girlfrined. And then the kid, funny little street urchin Tracy takes, who model themselves after his surrogate father, and Tracy saves when the detective accepted his fate undermined. <br /> <br /> The supporting players who's who of character actors. Durning is the chief of police. Dick Van Dyke is a district attorney who bribed goons Big Boy, to keep him on the streets. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous turn as Mumbles, Snitch, whose dialect is so unintelligible that the police can not make head nor tail of what he has to say. RG Armstrong Pruneface, one of the rival gangster Big Boy creates a special dedication to create a distribution network of crime throughout the city. Patinkin 88 keys, a pianist for the show in Breathless. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, former benefactor Breathless for the period up Big Boy gives him the "Bath". James Caan is relatively small make-up in his performance as the sole gunman, who would not go along with the grand plan of the Great Boy. William Forsythe and Ed are the bodies of the Great ORoss Boy, FlatTop and itching. <br /> <br /> This film retains all the corn comics, plus it is full of bright colors. Almost all the costumes prepared in blue and green and yellow and red colors. All the colors of the rainbow can be found in this film - and then some! Matte paintings, which are used to really understand this world as a two-dimensional, acted only in a three-dimensional sets. Humor abound. Al Pacino fills the shoes of his character than any other character he played before or after. Big Boy is a kind of crazy and kind of self-pity. He was an eccentric little man who is proud to quote our founding fathers and likening himself great political leaders. People with a plan, always looking for the smartest way to do business.
