Some time in the late 19th century, somewhere in the American West, a few cowboys in need of money to go on a buffalo hunt. The leader of the group believes that too many buffalo hunting to have any effect, but more experienced hunter saw how quickly people can be destroyed, and he was not so sure. Due buffalo herd living in South Dakota and a film showing a real hunt (the introduction of the film explains it as needed thinning the herd), the film does an excellent job of presenting our plight buffalo and its impact on the Native Americans never get instructive about this. <br /> <br /> The real story, however, about a dysfunctional family that is created by a small group formed to do the hunting. The figure of Charlie's father, a violent man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother", is an experienced hunter, who is tired of the killing, but needs work after losing their livestock. Half Indian boy who hates the fact that he looks very Caucasian, assumes the role of an adopted son. Grandfather (and moral compass) is an alcoholic Skinning buffalo; "Wife" Charlie is an Indian woman companions he killed after they stole a horse. <br /> <br /> Charlie is clearly the most interesting figure. He vile and insulting to all around him, but at the same time he knows that they are the only family and friends that he has. He expects that the abducted Indian women hate it, then take it, but he did not know how to react, if she refuses to do anything. He is someone who puts family first, but he is also one who is convicted, ultimately destroying it. <br /> <br /> All of this is very similar to the classic "Red River", which also features a family of sorts torn harder and estranged father. As you might expect, this movie suffers in comparison. The plot is not so focused on the development of character and family dynamics, and the direction is not able to retain all the scenes that work towards this common goal. Charlie carefully so bad from the beginning, that we will never have any reason to care about what happens to him or his family. On the positive side, however, the message of environmental buffalo slaughter adds an extra dimension to the film and its output is far superior to a Hollywood ending, which is attached to the end of "Red River". As a result, «The Last Hunt» interesting and entertaining film, very well done, but it is far from what it would be necessary to consider it a classic.
