I recently watched the Spirit, and enjoyed it very much, I've seen it about 4 times now on HBO and will buy the DVD. Those who gave negative reviews probably think that `Vanishing Point« was just another car chase movie and 'Thelma and Louise "was just another chick flick. Although the findings of these films are darker, I feel that some topics related; that freedom and individualism are important, and that, as a rule, someone wants to take it away from you. Another common feature of these films is a caring, thoughtful `guardian angel 'types, which help the main characters to overcome adversity. <br /> <br /> Another review here mentions how this film relates to the theme of civilization invasion of someone else's home. All you need to do is look around at the dwindling open areas around us to see that. <br /> <br /> I thought the animation and the story was strange, the animators did get the horses look, act, and move naturally, the spirit of the emotions were very clear, as the story progressed (yes I know they humanization horses a bit, but it's fantastic). In a couple of scenes, you feel trapped within the thresholds and heat from forest fires. In other quieter scenes (which in most cases) you are allowed to savor the background. One of the biggest things that make the story really work, not talk, singing animals route. This will remove the story from the authorities. Instead of stories told from the narrative flow of the time the main character, then blow added a great soundtrack. Another plus is that they are not afraid to give the story a few dark side (which actually made the film watchable to me). It is not spread through the entire film, though, and the conclusion is appropriate and uplifting without being juicy. <br /> <br /> Those who appreciate a horse really like this movie, but I think it's a little more than a horse movie. I do not feel that this would be a good movie to take the child, if they are brought up on meaningless tariff, which brought today. But if they are thoughtful, that can handle the interesting stories like The Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, they are likely to love this movie. Hell, I'm 35 years old and still love this stuff.
