I had the privilege of watching Scarface on the big screen, with its beautifully restored 35 mm print to mark the 20th anniversary of the release of the film. It was great to see it on the big screen as a big part of this is lost on the TV and shared generosity of this project can not be emphasized enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is a remake of the classic rags to riches stories to the depths of hell with Al Pacino as a Cuban drug lord Tony Montana. In this version, Tony comes to America during the Cuban boat people wave of immigration in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Tony and his cohorts quickly get a green card and close political figure in the camp and after a short stay in a Cuban restaurant; Tony started on his terrible way to complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this movie playback such a qualified way, which is so nice to look at, I forgot a little of the film over the past twenty years. Robert Loggia as a patron Toni, Franck Lopez excellent. His character is spoiled by being too trusting, and Tony quickly discovers soft. right hand Lopez, Omar Suarez portrayed one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.) Suarez is the ultimate sneak and would do anything for Frank; it's like he has no mind of his own. Tony quickly see it, and he is constantly fighting with Suarez, but actually only sees it as a minor problem to go through your way to the top. Character that always comes back to me how to play so great Mel Bernstein, brazenly corrupt detective Miami drug played Harris Yulin (Training Day). Mel, without guilt requires large sums of money to form all the pharmaceutical industry. He plays Tony from Frank until he catches up to him in a scene that is out of the film as Frank and Mel. It is priceless to hear Frank asks Mel to intercede, and Tony was going to kill him only to hear Mel answer, `that's your tree, Frank, you're sitting in it. This from a man who paid Frank to protect! <br /> <br /> The growth is rapid and Tony matches only at the speed and intensity of its emergency crash and burn. After taking a close Frank and his wife and business greed Tony takes over, and he can never seem to get enough. Tony plunges deeper into the world of drugs, greed and inability to trust, he eventually kills his best friend and his sister, who fell in love and got married. All this creates the ending, in which the compound of Tony stormed an army from his supplier, who feels betrayed, because Tony does not flow to political murder, which was ordered. It all stems forms sympathized when Tony refused to be an accomplice in the murder, which would lead to the wife and children of the victim. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a great image of 1980 redundant and cocaine culture. DePalma does a good job of holding all together in one of the most fast-moving films around three o'clock. Violence is an extremely graphic and contains several scenes that will be forever engraved in the mind of any viewers, especially disgusting chainsaw saw two point blank shots to the head and all the bloody melee that ends the film. It is strongly recommended that stylistically make a film that is not for the faint of heart or for those who need an upbeat endings and potential sequels; DePalma let all fly directly here.
