One of the most categorical gangster films 80s, Scarface very film of its time. The first thing you notice when you watch this film is that he yells at you, "made in 1983. The costumes, the score and soundtrack, hairstyles, make no mistake this is not a movie, all crime in the 80- ies, and while it should be from awful it has not. this is a great movie. while the music of George Moroder in timed a fair bit, it is still to praise the story of Tony Montana and thanks to the excellent screenplay by Oliver Stone and direction first class Brian De Palma, one of the two films that he made . With Pacino (the other being fiction Way Carlito) All brands De Palma here, strong language, graphic violence (more on this later), stylish excesses, such as the grandiose set-piece and, of course, stylish camerawork <br /> <. br /> Pacino dominates the film, and I mean that literally. he is the dominant star of the film. his performance over the top, this is one of those films were Pacino's not much to say, his line as he It makes them scream, this time with a beautiful Cuban accent. However, it is Pacino, and it makes it fantastic. Only he can go a long way over the top and still comes from film acting to his integrity in tact. While some may complain to the cries of its lines and the huge surplus that's all it is unnecessary film. Look at the design of the production of Tony home, look at the violence in this film. Chainsaw incident quite brutal and blood everywhere. Gunfight at the end of the body is going down at a rate that is more like Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo films. Look at the amount of coke, which is displayed in the film so that the performance of Pacino I think is perfect for the film. It supports the actors, which are more like saying their lines in a more controlled manner. Steven Bauer, in particular, as Manny, Tony's best friend, is a stand with a support roll. His performance is so controlled and quiet in De Niro's kind of the way it's amazing how he finished doing right to a soft porn. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds to the charm, Robert Loggia adds gravitas, as usual, and Mastrantonio makes a great debut as Tony's sister. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is more than just a film about excess. There is more than drugs, violence, chainsaw assaults and a great big shoot with. This is a film about the dark side of the American dream. In many ways this puts it on the thematic level with the Godfather movies. Tony finds himself coming to America, to get it all, living the American dream, and then lose it all in a rigid fashion, and saying that he was losing it all, I mean, he loses everything. He kills his best friend, his sister was killed, his empire is crumbling, literally, around it and top it with he killed in his own house, the bullet ripping through him. <br /> <br /> No doubt Scarface is one of the key films in the early 80s. Of course, it does not have the subtlety The Godfather films, but it's still a great movie, and one that should go again and again.
