"A classic is something that everybody wants to read, but nobody wants to read. A classic is the fact that everyone is approved, but no one read. "-Mark Twain <br /> <br />« Classic », it seems, the word used to describe the« Scarface, "Brian DePalma's 1983 film about wealth, dedication , greed and the dangers of drug use among Florida's rings. Users and critics (and rappers for that matter) considered the film "an epic gangster classic" or «eptiome of gangster movies. If this is deceptive. It is highly appreciated for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a great movie that deserves praise from around the world, but not all the praise it gets from the audience today, and for that small dots so pointedly omitted does the general public. <br /> <br /> first of all, a film about Cuban refugees to the previous wishing to avoid communism to understand and find happiness. Simple Yes. But the layers directorial genius According to De my, and a great story, written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know that he actually wrote a very good friend here) to play in all of this. The characters are all looking for an escape, and escape a natural element is seen in the film all. Each character has that offer, which makes them pretty all who could appreciate this film. they are intertwined in the world of mystery and money, but everything has a price, as they are all learning. Each character thinks they get a better chance in life, when in this dramatic irony, they actually become entirely worse. "The tragedy" would be a better word to describe this movie. All those who praise the film for him is the use of drugs, the violence, it is a dialogue, completely missed the point. There's nothing really positive about the film but the characters positive expectations of itself. And that's why the film works so well. Busting through the film it is used to deliver the message of the film, not to look cool and attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not make films for the iconic gangsters, or supporters of mindless action. <br /> <br /> Further adult film drama. This is not a "gangster film". It has its share of action, but the action is built very carefully, so she has a point. It's not like "Aliens" - example of the great silent movie action, and most viewers perceive the film as a big dumb action gangster film about doing drugs and shoot people. Funny. Garbage. If this film is that it is a question of how bad it is. Nha promote this. <br /> <br /> That being said, the movie is really great movie. It has a large cinema that draws you into the story. It has a very dramatic account (in the true style of Giorgio Moroder), which may just give you the chills, or bring you to tears. The film is quite long, but it's a story, and every moment counts. Action is terrific. Al Pacino - enough said. He can do any role that he sets his mind, and this is no exception. Pretty boy Steven Bauer as Manny. I do not think much of him in other films he made, but it actually makes you like it when it goes under the baton of Maestro De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real gem, like Elvira. Popping "fresh off the heels kind of embarrassment in" Grease 2 "she got her ticket to ride performing not-holds-barred performance of beauty, which is more than it seems at first glance. But three real diamonds in the rough are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio, as the sister of Tony Gina, who, when she smiles or cries, we see her soul and her new way of life, and watch it deteriorate; Chenard, Alejandro Sosa, a drug lord who runs deeper than a river, and Shenar reflects it so; Miriam and Max, Tony and torn mother Gina. These three dig the film as deep as it can go. <br /> <br /> This reviewer found one thing while watching «Scarface» for the first time. Always go unsuspecting movie in nothing. All the hype and talk about this film can not prepare you for what you really see. Just knowing De Palma (I) can give you even a glimpse of what keeps this film. So ignore the rap shit, ignore mindless supporters of violence, and to fix themselves a glass of Bailey's on the rocks, and treat yourself to an emotional watching a great film, a real «Scarface».
