Those who made this production such a low rating will likely never seen a glorified production of George Balanchine live on stage or giving their contempt for the stellar cast Calkin influence their decision. Atlanta Ballet lucky enough to 1960s to the 1980s, to be the first ballet company authorized to the stage of production, in addition to New York City Ballet, and I've seen live on stage a few times. I can assure readers that the film is a fairly accurate rendering of the product, and that the use of a child with disabilities dancing in the title role is not a cheap trick invented to demonstrate Culkin; it was the idea to use the child Balanchine in this role, as it was his idea to use the child for the role of Marie. "Heavy" Dancing leaves adults in history <br /> <br /> This is deliberately stagebound film. in a sense, this is reminiscent of Laurence Olivier's "Othello." Just as in the film, the production stage sets were enlarged to the size of the sound film, but did not do any less artificial, and ballet straightforward photographed with cautious closeup and without distraction, "clip" rapid reduction of the best in 1986 overestimated Maurice Sendak -Carroll Ballard version. There are only two false steps in this 1993 film. One of these is the addition of distracting and entirely unnecessary sound effects (squeaking mouse, children whispering, "Ma-GVK!" In Drosselmeyer, etc.) .. These sound effects ever heard at any stage of the production of any "Nutcracker "and they were placed in a cheap concession simply appease the ignorant viewer, who can not relish the idea of ​​watching ballet on film. <br /> <br /> another misstep nutcracker Culkin makeup that looks completely ridiculous. If he is on the screen as the Nutcracker, and not to wear huge masks (as is always done when the production of Balanchine performed on stage), Culkin actually consist in the game - he's wearing what looks like a bald cap and a white wig , mustache and beard. He and his face rouged, to some extent, and the worst aspect of his make-up, it is still known for his face, amateurishly transformed similarly Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and cosmetics Bert Lahr in the "Wizard of Oz" (results make this film, though, It worked effectively, since it is one we do not). And compared with forceps Baryshnikov * his * production shows how amazingly creative Nutcracker Baryshnikov mask was - "Jaws" really seemed to move every time Baryshnikov threw back his head <br /> <br /> herself dancing in Culkin . version of the fine, of course, for the most Culkin, whose dancing, as I said, did not even want to be exciting but. (Sugar Plum Fairy and her Cavalier are well-known role of the dancers in the production of Balanchine's ballet "The Nutcracker".) The colors of the film, though, can be a bit brighter, since this fantasy. Choreography is also brilliant, and adapt it so precise, to include a sequence that shows additional music from Tchaikovsky's ballet "Sleeping Beauty" - Marie sneaks down to sleep on the couch and dream of Drosselmeyer is a "repair" the broken Nutcracker (this sequence was not, of course, is not included in the original ballet by Tchaikovsky --- the only consistency in this production, which features music from work, except for "the Nutcracker"). <br /> <br /> those who missed the film or those who despise (or Nena sight of it) should give it a chance, despite two major drawbacks. It is much better than it sounds when one first hears that Culkin in it.
