Released as Zentropa in North America, in order to avoid confusion with Agniezska Holland own movie Holocaust Europa Europa, the third theater of director functions, which never ceases to amaze, inspire or even shock whimsical, nostalgic, complex film about a naive American in Germany soon after the second world war. American named Leo, is not fully what he was doing there. He came to take part in the correct country, because, in his opinion, it is about time Germany was shown to charity. No matter how it sounds, it is not a Nazi sympathizer, or so much as a very pro-German, simply confused. His uncle, who worked on the railroad, Leo ~ d gets a job as helmsman on the sleeper, and he became more and more entangled in the whirlwind of horror in 1945 and Germany's mysteries. <br /> <br /> This progression begins when Leo, played quite memorably in a quiet yet restless actor Jean-Marc Barr, meets hot heiress on the train playing Zukov, actress aristocracy on the surface, but also the internal energy. She seduces him, and then takes him home to meet her family, which owns the company that makes the train. These were the trains that took Jews to their deaths during the war, but now they run homogeneity schedule from day to day, and the woman's uncle Kessler poses as another one of those good Germans who are simply doing their job. There is also Udo Kier, a great actor, who blew me away in the second film shocking epidemic background Trier, though here it is just decoration. <br /> <br /> Another guest in the house of Eddie Constantine, an actor with a quiet force that plays a gloomy US intelligence. It can confirm that Kessler's uncle was a war criminal, although it is quite confusing Leo. Americans were described as trusting Rubes of their elements for decades, but they were a little more cheerful light-hearted than Leo, who returned to his work on what looks progressively like its own individual death train. <br /> <br /> tell that intentionally uncoordinated Danish director Lars von Trier, which is anchored in the spectacular film editing and cinematography. He shoots in black and white and color, he uses double exposure, optical effects and trick photography, with the actors interact with the rear projected footage, it contains his characters in a richly shaded visceral world, so that they sometimes feel like insects, sandwiched between the glass for our more precise examination. <br /> <br /> This is the Grand Jury Prize surreal allegorical work, but perhaps a separate tones for each viewer. I regard it as a film about the last legs of Nazism, symbolized by a train and ethical responsibility of Americans and others who were too late to save the martyr of the trains and the camp, where they distributed their condemned flew. During the period of time and the film of the Nazi state, and a value for the train, the dead, but like headless chickens, they are stored in a jolting through your reflexes. <br /> <br /> characters, music, dialogue, and the plot is deliberately exaggerated and almost satirical purchased from the conventions of film noir. The most magical moments in the film are fully cinematic ones. Two trains stop back and forth, and Barr on one Sukowa to another. Underwater shot of proliferating blood. Extraordinarily expressive sequence on what it should be like to drown. And the metaphysical affecting all anesthetic railways shot and voice Max von Sydow and draws us refer to Europe with him, and give up our personal restraint.
