For some reason, this film never turned in its original language in my neck of the woods (in spite of the possession of the United Kingdom TCM cable channel, which broadcasts many MGM titles week in and week out). More depressingly, it is still M.i.a. on DVD ?? even from Warners' recently announced "Western Classics Collection" Box Set (which does include 3 other genre efforts Robert Taylor); maybe they keep it for possible «Signature Collection», devoted to this stalwart with the MGM, which may be coming in the next year of time before the 40th anniversary of his death ?? <br /> <br /> I say this because the film allows him a rare criminal role selfish Westerner with a fanatical hatred of the Indians, and who prefers to use his expert marksmanship, making easy money hunting buffalo; Public operator offers alarming statistics that the population of this species has declined from 60000000 to 3000 in just 30 years! As an associate, Taylor takes on former professional trade Stewart Granger ?? which unites alcoholic, peg legs Lloyd Nolan (which constantly mocks violent and vengeful Taylor) and adolescence metises Tamblyn this purpose. As expected, the company's relationship is tenuous one ?? recalls that in the center of Anthony Mann's The Naked Spur (1953), another gloomy Open MGM Western sky. The film, in fact, skillfully brings the taste and strength work manna in this area (although the writer / director Brooks first of only a few of these outings, but that, cumulatively, exhibited a remarkable diversity); here also story throws in the female presence (Debra Paget also Blood) compete between two turbulent leads ?? and Granger, James Stewart naked SPUR, returns to his job only with reluctance (his regret in connection with the need to kill the buffalo for sport and simple efficiency gains realized). <br /> <br /> The latter also suffers in that, Taylor Paget take for yourself ?? she boldly but coolly makes its approach, while secretly longing for Granger ?? and releases his frustrations on the locals in the bar intoxicated! Taylor, he does not come out unscathed from the transaction: as the protagonist of The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948), he becomes self-conscious and jealous of his colleagues, particularly with regard to rare ?? and thus valuable ?? White buffalo hide they caught; He even goes mad buffalo at one point (as predicted by Nolan), becoming mistaken in making thunder rumble of hooves approaching for mass species! Hunters scenes themselves big ?? buffalo stampede, tumbling to the ground upon impact, the endless line of the catch of the day, and the corpses that litter the prairie after. atypical, but memorable denouement of the film, then it is fair known: with winter in full swing, and now paranoid Taylor of blood Granger lies in wait outside the cave (where the past and Paget disappeared), to shoot him; If Granger out the next morning, he discovers that Taylor hunched position ?? frozen! <br /> <br /> By the way, my father has a copy of the original novel, this hefty (Milton Lot) since the original release of the film: in fact, he has collected a huge number of such publications ?? it is, after all, the practice is still in vogue ?? where the book is reprinted to promote its cinematic adaptation. Similarly, for the record, Taylor and Granger ?? that work very well with each other here ?? already united (as hunters of related whales!) in the seaside adventure all the brothers Valiant (1953) ??, which, oddly enough, so it is difficult to see (in fact, even more so, given that it is not even it was shown on Italian television for what seems like ages) !!
