William Castle infamous among horror fans, as the director of B-grade 1950s and 60s. His tricks, his cost cutting techniques and his unique vision of the legendary. This is not surprising, then, that someone (Jeffrey Schwartz, who has made numerous documentaries), and finally, take the time to devote to a documentary to his greatness. This "spine tingler: William Castle Story". <br /> <br /> I had a general idea of ​​who had the castle, he saw some of his films for years. I did not know anything about her personal life, his goals and ambitions. This film really fleshed person and gave me a full appreciation for the devotion he had for the craft of filmmaking and his contribution to the horror genre. The film reflects the castle, as a competitor, Alfred Hitchcock, with a hook to be an artist, who won the prize while the castle is the Carnival Barker, who has acquired a cult reputation, but it is much less respect. He is a symbol for all the second-rate directors out there, so it is not surprising that John Waters prominently here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have a significant role.) <br /> <br /> His tricks were what made him famous, and documentaries made great efforts to explain to them that it is very important for those who are too young to remember. Rudimentary 3-D of "13 Ghosts" (see separate review), the buzzer in the seat for «The tingler" (see separate review), a money back guarantee "death" ... to watch these movies now out of the theater, we we can judge them on their content (which, personally, I still use), but we can not fully appreciate the fact that the audience immediately felt. <br /> <br /> the climax of the film, when the lock moves from cult director Hollywood producer. By purchasing the right to "Rosemary's Baby", he put in a very special place for negotiating his release film. Hoping to direct, he will miss the manufacturer to make way for a new director Roman Polanski. Although at first disappointed, it proves to be one of the best features of his life - a very successful film, and the work that he copes. Who better to control the purse wild Polanski artist than a mean castle? It was to be his crowning glory, though, unfortunately, the film is often associated with Polanski than the castle. <br /> <br /> The rest of his years are played, and we gave personal reflections from his daughter and nieces. Across the board, everything seems to have nothing but praise for the man. Somewhere along the way, it is, of course, upset one or two people, but you would never know that from this film. And I think that to find - it's a celebration of life Bill Castle, not «E True Hollywood Story!". Fans of the genre will be good to pick up a copy of this work. <br /> <br /> I personally recommend picking up William Castle Collection, which is not only that, but the eight Castle's movies in it, especially with a lot. Even this film comes with audio commentary, so you can hear how Schwartz personally affected by the castle and the Castle's daughter, Terry runs giving a reflection of his experience with a variety of movies and remakes. It is almost a whole new movie.
