Richard Brooks The Last Hunt was a film star Stewart Granger could not even stand to hear the said ?? he even ripped vintage poster for the film, when presented for signature in the last few years ?? but then the director made a run with his wife, it is understandable. For those who have one of the best adult westerns 50s, and a few years ahead of its time in its relation to the environment. <br /> <br /> In many ways, it plays almost as a continuation of one of Anthony Mann westerns, who see their heroes dragged them kicking and screaming redemption against him every step of the way. Here the legendary buffalo hunter Granger had seen the light, but, after the tour, the crush would cost him a herd of cattle in a fit of poetic justice, he drew back into the darkness of callous and proudly racist Gunslinger Robert Taylor, justifying it on the grounds that "I've got a guilty conscience. I might as well have the money. "Educated Indians, he is fully aware of the damage that it does, as endangered of extinction of buffalo heads, and he gradually becomes almost absorbed by self-loathing, Taylor hatred. When two men fall over Squaw Debra Paget ?? the sole survivor of the group of Indians killed Taylor ?? and the white buffalo, which is invaluable for hunters and Indians for a variety of reasons, the opening is imminent, although the result, of course, it is not. <br /> <br /> Taylor, of course, ironic casting ?? Granger is eliminating many of the MGM epic roles designed for him in films such as Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe, who gave Taylor his 50s comeback after several years of steady decline. His hair color is not to convince, but its performance makes, fine and cruel man so consumed with hatred that he does not carry a gun, the gun is his. Granger accent is not always convincing, but it makes a nice quiet hero in the mold of Jimmy Stewart, trying to keep his newfound decency and coordinate their actions with his beliefs before finally getting a chance to redeem. crossbreed Tamblyn in Skinning and one-legged veteran Lloyd Nolan also give as good as they get, but the real star of the scenario: densely built with a wonderful eye and ear for character ?? not to mention the end of Stanley Kubrick borrowed for shining ?? It balances the historical revisionism with entertaining drama never sell or short. New French DVD is more free but boast of 2.35: 1 transfer from the English soundtrack.
