Greetings again from the darkness. Remember that all the "What happened to Woody Allen? 'Jokes? Even Mr. Allen mocked fans who want him to continue to do their same "fun" movies. Like any great artist, Mr Elena craft has evolved over the years, and he lost a few supporters, while picking up others. Masterpiece "Matchpoint" Last year showed that he is still just as relevant and poignant as it was in the days of "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan." What is most surprising to us 40 plus year supporters of that himself, Mr. New York seems to be a little in love with the mother country. Apparently, he really likes England !! During the filming of «Matchpoint», Mr. Allen became enamored with Scarlett Johansson and her real life, spirit and sense of humor. This desire led him to write his best comedy in years. Scarlett, the risk of overexposure, you must provide a credit not only to choose the films that cast her in some glamorous light. She is not afraid to look and act like a real person. In «Scoop», it flashes on the screen some real comedy chops, and in many scenes, provides the real punchline to a straight man Mr. Elena. Of course, at any time, Mr. Allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, it will get more than his share of liners and social commentary in - it's good, because very few people make it better <br /> <br /. > Very good support for working with Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman gives some glimpses into why many of us thought that it is the best choice to replace Brosnan as the new Bond. Like most films of Allen, the star of the script, not the actors. Although Scarlett provides great here and a good contrast with the polished Allen and Jackman, making this one crunch is a dialogue ... especially the banter between Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a big fan of Woody actor, do not be afraid. He does limit his screen time, and it is quite effective, with the exception of two or three short scenes that almost seem out of place. Another tradition Woodman sparkling background music and "scoop" is no exception ... especially Strauss composition. <br /> <br /> «scoop" a good cross between "Annie Hall" and the best of Marx Brothers movies or comedies Cary Grant. Yes, this is an adult comedy, but it's actually really cute ... especially for a serial killer and tell ghost comedy !!
