First of all, let me comment that the audience loved him from the first moment. Perhaps, the current events in the Middle East have led people to the relationship, "I came to comedy and George, I'm going to enjoy it." But for some reason, everything seemed to be just in this comedy. The last few times Woody tried to do straight comedy (Small Time Crooks, The Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Ending) I felt the sharpness feel strained and a little outdated. I remember thinking at one point, "It would be funny, in the early sixties." This is the case in this film, I was afraid, Woody becomes hearing, however, this is one of his comic senses were in perfect condition. However, there were a lot of my colleagues AARP cards that carry people to the screening, but there were also many 20-something and 30-something, as well, and they all seemed to get him to give up casual belly laugh in addition to many laughs, giggles, and the like. In many cases, the face-off Cut-aways were people laughing so loud, you missed out on the next line. <br /> <br /> Thematically, Woody Traipsing familiar ground. As I suspected from the trailer, the film had a lot of Manhattan Murder Mystery in it, but then again, there was more than a modicum of Oedipus wrecks (New York story), Alice, and even a little tribute to Broadway Danny Rose in the very beginning . <br /> <br /> Even with Woody in the film, Scarlett as Sondra, was sometimes Woody-proxy, but her character was far from funny, say, Will Ferrell gave us Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh We tried to Celebrity. Instead, the archetypal mites and oddities, nerdishness Sondra comes directly from the family history, she shares in the early stages. In many cases, the "family business" leads her to malapropisms, that we get as an audience, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as weird non sequiturs. Since we are all seriously, we can not help but laugh. But laughter is not the recognition of the deplorable Woody, but really on the character. To a large extent, in contrast to Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack Mia Farrow, or even in front of her, Scarlett does not want to use the voice of Woody, to cause the role of Woody. Thus, we do not find ourselves taken out of the story, Woody's voice suddenly comes from someone else 'identity. <br /> <br /> As my friend commented out, Sid, the character played by Woody, is a supporting role, but more in the center of the stage than I had hoped that goes. However, this time, Woody seems to have written the character that corresponds exactly to his current persona. Unlike his character Ed sage DOBEL into something else, or a blind filmmaker in Hollywood endings, this time a character comfortable fit. Perhaps more importantly, this time the character works in history. The higher they are in the community, he has more fish out of the water than Scarlett, which is used to great comic effect in all. Sid reduces wandering magician plays the small audience, but the fact that he is from another era contains front and center for our pleasure. <br /> <br /> But what about Jackman? How about Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I loved both of them to the extent that they are used in the piece. I especially liked the short but effective twists in McShane. Jackman magic with ease «Old Money», which is so often portrayed in films, from 50 years ago. (Class echoes from The Purple Rose of Cairo?) <br /> <br /> So what do I think? The short answer is maybe his best straight comedy since 1994 Finished Bullets Broadway. Less than stylized Powerful Aphrodite. Less than caustic Deconstructing Harry. Less than forced Small Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending. Woody finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
