Coming right on the heels of Match Point (2005) fine, when some of the repetitive-piece "serious Woody," scoop gives new hope to the small but stubborn group Elena followers (among whom I numbered myself) that the master again I found his form. The string disappointing efforts, culminating in the dreary Melinda and Melinda (2004) and embarrassing anything else (2003) raises serious doubts that another first-rate comedy Woody, with or without his own participation as an actor in card. Fortunately, the cards are a deck of Tarot, which is reasonable Maguffin Scoop and continues reading optimistic for the future of Woody Allen comedy <br /> <br /> Even more encouraging, confidence in the cast of Woody. - unfortunately, one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years - is an inspired bit of self-parody, as well as a modest recognition, finally, that he can no longer play the romantic leads with women young enough to be his daughter or granddaughter. The Scoop's, Allen earnestly appropriates the role of LEDs Waterman, an aging magician with cheap tricks and tired stage patter, who, like himself, Woody, brought his action in London, where the audience - if not more susceptible - at least more polite. As Calvero Chaplin in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman gives Elena the opportunity to put on a slightly distorted mask of the artist, whose art is decreased and whose audience is not large or grateful. In addition, since they seem to be, by its nature, tiki Elena and prolonged stutter less distractions here than they were at the time. <br /> <br /> character Waterman also function accurately in the plot. His fake magic body Dissolution window becomes ironic plausible place to visit with Joe Strombel (John McShane), the infamous journalist vygrebatelya garbage and a recent arrest victim's heart. Presented at the River Styx Ferry to Hades, Strombel repeatedly jumping ship, because he just can not lie in eternity alone latest "scoop" on the identity of the famous' Tarot Killer. "Unfortunately, his initial return from the dead leads him to a magic show Waterman and only channel for its hot lead turns out to be a journalist graduate student, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who was called up from the audience as a comic example for the highest trick wizard. Sondra enthusiastically seizes journalistic opportunity and pulls in reluctant Waterman study, to play the role of her millionaire father. As indicated in Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and grouchy in play between her and Allen is very funny. - and the more that never threatens to become a prelude to romance <br /> <br /> Scoop serial killer plot, in the monstrous murder involving prostitutes and aristocratic prime suspect, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is undoubtedly predictable the result of a long sabbatical Elena exposure to the ubiquitous Jack the Ripper London Landmarks and local history. However, other aspects of Scoop (like Match Point) also derive from the end of the life of Woody meeting of the British culture. Its class structure, manners, speech, dress, architecture and, yes, a kind of driving habits provide fresh material for Woody curve observation of human behavior, as well as a sharp social satire. If, for example, is trying to buy a Sondra Peter Lyman in an expensive private club, Waterman says, "from his point of view, we waste." A good deal of humor is also generated from a tight trouble reserved British social manners encounter persistent Borscht Belt Jewish plebeianism Waterman. And then, of course, have fun out Waterman in the smart car, he can not remember to drive on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> As usual, humor Elena in Scoop includes large doses of a joke, taking the form of sly allusions to film and literature, as well as, increasingly, a reference to his own filmography. Attached to a common link Jack the Ripper, for instance, a movie soundtrack dominated accommodation Grieg "Hall of the Mountain King" compulsively he whistled Hans Beckert in M, the first masterpiece of the serial killer genre. After the funeral gathering of journalists who discuss the exploits of the newly departed Joe Strombel clearly mimics the opening Broadway Danny Rose (1984). Links to Deconstructing Harry (1997) include the use of death as a symbol (along with his peculiar voice and costumes), Mandelbaum use as the name of the character, and the mention of Ader University (Harry "alma mater" and where Sondra is today student). In addition, the systematic use of Greek mythology in the pitch river cruise in Hades is similar to using the Greek gods and choirs in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> As for Quotable jokes, scripts Elena rely less on one -liners, than they did earlier in his career, but scoop it provides at least a couple of them memorable. To a question about his religion, Waterman says: "I was born in the Jewish belief, but later I converted to narcissism." And Sondra images with this bond-down wannabe crime Waterman detection: "If we put our heads together, you'll hear a hollow noise. "in general, the scoop by far the most satisfying comedy by Woody Allen in the last ten years.
