I was lucky enough to get a free pass to an advance screening of «Scoop» last night. Sold out at the theater, and when the movie ended was spontaneous applause. I have not spoken to anyone who did not like the "Scoop", although two teenagers sitting next to me sighed and shifted uncomfortably for most of the film. They were the exception, though, because all the others, including me, really enjoyed. <br /> <br /> «scoop" is a fast-paced murder mystery. Young student journalism unwittingly maneuver forces beyond its control in an attempt to catch a serial killer on the loose. Many jokes occur as it partners up with a traveling magician and He falls in love with a lively and charming young gentleman. <br /> <br /> «scoop" is not a bad addition to the Woody Allen filmography. This is not his best work, but it is very nice and easy heart race. I would say that it fits quite comfortably into being in the middle of Woody Allen movie, right in the middle of the pack. If you are a fan of Woody Allen, you'll probably like it. If you are indifferent to his work, the "scoop" can be enough to get you interested in that any more. I do not think that someone who do not like his style of filmmaking and acting is going to change his mind. Woody plays the same kind of neurotic character we have grown so accustomed to, although it borders dangerously close to the forced and over the top in this film. Although potentially aggravating for some who might find yourself wanting to hurry up and just spit out the words, Woody Allen fans know what to expect. <br /> <br /> Very good performances all around in my opinion, although I found myself missing Ian McShane, who is beautiful and there is enough on the camera. Hugh Jackman is great as a divine noble, and I think that Woody Allen has found a new regular star to work with Scarlett Johansson. I think with "Match Point" is their second pairing, and it's just magic with the material, which gives her a woody. It may be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I am glad that I saw the movie and would definitely recommend. More sophisticated comedy than films like "Scary Movie 4", so that if your brand of comedy is the latest, but not the former "scoop" is probably not for you. If, on the other hand, you, as a class, a touch of sophistication and fun, "scoop" for you. Probably not a Woody Allen movie that I would have to imagine a novice, but everyone else should give it a try.
