"Scoop" is also the name of the novel late thirties Evelyn Waugh, and a new film by Woody Allen, although today found to have a nostalgic charm and simplicity. She has no depth characteristics, intense performances unknown or shocking final chill penultimate effort Allen's "Match Point" (claimed by many, including this reviewer, to be a strong return to form), but the "scoop" is really very similar to the last exit Elena in its emphasis on the English aristocracy, London luxury apartments, murder, and detection. At this time, Woody reserves the upstart murder mystery genre and returns to comedy, and he returns to the screen as a polite vaudeville, a magician named Sid Waterman, scenic nicknames Great Splendini, which counteracts some snobs feeling with, "I have the Hebrew persuasion, but, As I got older, I converted to narcissism. " After opening at the height of a standard dematerialization Splendini intercourse with Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pransky) volunteered for the audience to get involved in a couple of inappropriate posthumous attempt deceased ace British journalist to gain the latest top news stories. At the edge of the Styx Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) he has just met the Secretary of shade son of Lord Lyman, who says she was poisoned, and she told him the magic aristocratic rascal son Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was a killer tarot cards, a London serial killer. Sondra and Sid immediately became pair amateur spotters. With a calm and self-assured wit Sidoy beauty Sondra in quick cuts dragged across to the London aristocracy cream <br /> <br /> Woody Sun fingered his young heroine muses. - as in «Match Point," Johansson again - as in the past. This time, besides Scarlett Sun ambitious sexy woman and a potential movie star. She has transformed the country into a klutzy, bespectacled, but still pretty student. Sid and Sondra have flirting, which is a great relief. They just come together, more or less politely, the way to carry out the wishes of Strombel friends Lyman and watch him the keys to his fault. With a minimum protests Sid agrees to act as a father to Sondra. Sondra, who captivated Peter, pretending to drown in his club pool again baptize themselves Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, ie, Woody, continues to break cover to do card tricks, but he entertains dowagers with them and hit their husbands in poker, spewing non-stop jokes and support all the time, apparently with success, that it is in oil and precious metals, as well as "Jade" is said to tell him. <br /> <br /> is all that is in it, and all that can be said, without spoiling the story, revealing its outcome. The first decision to make Elena Johansson gauche, naively sincere, and poorly clad college girl, it seems, is not only not good, but everything bad decisions. But Johansson, who has the pluck and panache, as an actress, miraculously manages to carry it helped Jackman, the actor who knows how to make any actress is desirable, if he wants it. The film actually creates a sense of relationship to replenish its limited range of characters: Sid and Sondra spar friendly, and Peter and Sondra are plausible appeal, even if it is artificial and corrupt (it is, after all, going to bed with suspected deadly maniac). <br /> <br /> With a little bored Allen again drooling over British wealth and class, his Brooklyn background, seems to have left him, despite his celebrity, with an irresistible craving for. Jackman impressive guy, charming and dashing. His parents were English. But it could sport a musical comedy star grew up in Australia ( «X-Man in" Wolverine) really pass as an aristocrat? Only in the movies, maybe (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> This is not as strong as the film "Match Point", but to say that it is a failure, as some viewers have completely wrong. He has no more depth than a half-hour radio drama or a TV show, but the jokes Vudite much funnier and more original than you will get in any of the media business, and sometimes they show a return to the old wit and cleverness. It does not matter if the movie is stupid or careless when it summer fun distraction. On a hot day you do not want a heavy meal. All this is very reminiscent of a time when comedy film was very light escapist entertainment, without coarse jokes or pretentious effects; without Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson. Critics want to tell you that this is a return to a decline Elena preceding «Match Point». Do not believe them. He does not try too hard. Why would he? He may be 70, but verbally, he is still light on its feet. And his body is moving pretty fast, too.
