I really did not look that show how often, when I was a kid, but I remember the first episode I ever saw an episode where Kiaya Gibbler Stephanie pierced ears. when I started high school in 2000 I had problems throughout high school, and I'd rather not go into it. but I used to always watch saved by the bell, but this show really reminded me about the problems that I have encountered in school, and he rarely showed the children their parents. saved by the bell in order, but not a very good family show. a few days after I graduated from high school in 2004, I turned on the TV in the family channel, and day after day I'm addicted to the notice. I could even click on the info button and see what year it came out and I would remember what I was doing during that time period. episode was going to happen, and it was named "Blues birthday" and to this day it is the most favorite episode, it's sad, with a happy ending, and you see Kimmitt Gibbler such a way that it does not work in other episodes, she is really shows its serious side. I have seasons 1,2,3,4,5 and 6 on DVD and I'm waiting for 7 and 8. I wanted to do something they might have documentaries and some of the comments of the actors. I do not know why some people have a hatred for this show because you do not see the garbage and violence on the show. and for those who hate the show, I pray for you, because you may have grown up in a dysfunctional family, where there was no love. but sold out in my opinion, the family lives in heaven, where everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so amazing. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey natured and always in a good mood. when I was a kid, I used to be just like Jesse, and he is the first actor on television, as a guy who is so obsessed with hair. once you can say that DJ Californian girl. I really like the episodes with Kimmitt Gibbler, because it always makes me smile and illuminates my day, when I was watching her. Stephanie is so cool. I also have a hard time telling the Olsen twins apart. I want my children to see one day. but a full house my # 1 favorite show and Sabrina teenage witch is my # 2 favorite. One day, sometime before I die, I would really like to meet all the throwing the notice personally. the first 3 seasons are kind of sad, but they are starting to get better in the 4th season. I just wish that they could do a 9th season. they stopped making a full house in 1995, and in autumn 1996 Sabrina teenage witch left (that such a family show), but a full house is very fond of the show, and they have their good and bad times, and yes, I understand, if your wild type bad person your going to hate this show, but this show is to be happy, and it is also the moral of the show. I would also like to say that the first three of the season is a good kid show, but around the 4th and 5th seasons DJ and Stephanie become teenagers. I also noticed, not only sold out, but a lot of the show, they never talk about the problems in the world and politics, as when a full house was in the air at the time of the Gulf War in 1991 and during the explosion in Oklahoma City in 1995 they do not mention anything about it. Steve was also one of my favorite DJ's, those with a viper and Nelson were'nt very interesting. but the season 5 and 6, I think it's better. I just wish they would have made the 9 th season, because he left a big question mark in my head, because in the last episode at the last minute, a DJ gets a surprise and comes to her directly from her ex-boyfriend Steve, I've always wondered when they got back together. and I liked it, both in the final season, I was always of DJ responisible one and Stefania always wanted to do something bold, as in the episode "wild trip Stephanie"
