Due Zhymn Magon, to create the 2 best Disney cartoons ever. This show has improved a lot over the years. As a child I did not like, because I thought it was a rip-off DuckTales, which was my favorite Disney thing at a time (as Grandmoffromero). Then in the future, although it was good, but not great. But after reading the reviews here, I decided to give him another chance and bought a set of DVD and watched all the pilot first day, when I got it, and was very pleasantly surprised. It is still my favorite episode, although the series really lived up to it. And before the end of the disc 1, I knew that this would be a top Tenner. <br /> <br /> The characters are so complex and charming. My favorite has to be a Wildcat. He is absolutely hilarious and sweet to boot. My next favorite Ball, the best pilot on the show. I can understand why the "ol Jymn built a show around it. Then it set Cloudkicker. He i Baloo has the best relationships in the series. After this, Louie. Jim Cummings has done an excellent job incarnation of the original voice. After him, Rebecca. She made me laugh pretty hard, and I believe that she and Ball eventually marries. And finally (for Heroes), Molly. Despite the fact that she is my least favorite, I still love her. I think she's a very sweet character (much better than the Webby from DuckTales). And the villains are very original. Don Karnage and his hijackers always crack me Kan icy and merciless, and Thembrians always at least funny. <br /> <br /> As mentioned previously, the stories range from hilarious (Time Waits For No bear, romance Red Chimp) is nothing short touch (The Old Man & Seaduck, Paradise Lost), in a fun, funny and exciting adventures ( in search of ancient Blunders and my favorite for whom Bell Klangs). These are just a few of my favorite episodes. Anyway, it Disney Miracles on bends top, except Gummi Bears Some of the reasons for this? GB had a decent amount of my favorite character (Cubbi), while TS was not enough Wildcat. But in the end, it remains a classic Miracles on bends. Lower LINE- 10/10 six best cartoons ever.
