If you are reading this show for the first time, you may start wondering if you are in an alternate reality. Colorful and creative characters? A fascinating dialogue? Stories that seem to have some depth to them, even creating an atmosphere of suspense and drama at times? I mean, this is a syndicated children's show right? This is the same place that brought children Drek such as "Pokemon," "Pepper Ann", "Powerful Morphin Power Rangers", and "VR Troopers» (note that three of the names mentioned above are blunt Japanese export, affectionately Fox Entertainment network and Saba). Do not worry, you're just trying some quality fare that was available for the children in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this period would be "Transformers," "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power", and «C.O.P.S.» (cartoon should not be confused with the action of the show live on Fox). Apart from these simple examples, Disney also returned to the syndicated children's program, coming up with a line called "Disney Afternoon». Besides from the dumbed down show called «The Gummi Bears», at the beginning of the show as "The Black Cloak", "Duck Tales", and "Chip« N Ranger Dale "gave Disney animation team who were also turning out to theater classics like" The Little Mermaid "" Beauty and the beast "," Rescuers Down Under "and" Great mouse detective. " But above all these wonders of the world "Miracles on bends." The premiere of "looting and Lightning" it was a two hour drive thrills, and won an Emmy. To my delight, the remaining episodes were in good condition on the promise of the prime minister. <Br / > <br /> while I love the stories and dialogues, I think, for me the greatest attraction are there signs Rebecca Cunningham, independent woman, but still wrong;. Set Cloudkicker, full to the teenage angst and optimism; Louis his loyalty and support; Frank the Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer as Scotty on arygina nay «Star Trek»; Cunningham moth, cute and witty, but with a depth that most children do not have signs, and, of course, in the middle of all this, there is a ball, which I would describe as a slobby version of James Bond. This is because every time there is a problem, Ball saves the day by means of its sleeker than most, quickly duck out of the sea (see: James Bond Aston Martin). Of course, every great show should be great villain, and Miracle on bends disappoint here. With megalomania with businesstiger Shere Kahn, in a vain and always faulty air pirate Don Karnage, to fun and inept Soviet satirical Thembrians. Animation is good, the music is appropriate, and episodes (for me), that the best children's programs ever had to offer. Great fun for the whole family!
