This film makes a statement about Joseph Smith, what he stood for, and what the LDS church believes. When all the current media coverage of certain unorganized people confuses the LDS Church to the Church FLDS and criminal fugitive Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not associated with the LDS Church still media group at the international level about Jeffs asked for comments from the LDS Church. Jeffs is not mentioned in the film at all, but I think it is ironic that this film with all its points Joseph also show far from FEWS FLDS church and its leader at the time in the world media. This is a film about Joseph Smith and plenty of it. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeffs and Joseph are drawn in humanity, acceptance and love Joseph. The views and opinions Jeffs differ significantly from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church, and it shows in this film. Jeffs thinks of "Negro" as devils. Joseph Smith knew that they were children of God and refused to favorite horse of his wife to an African-American (a former slave) to buy the freedom of his son. Joseph is shown doing housework for his wife Emma and criticized member until Joseph told him that a person can lose his wife in the next life, if she wants to, not to stay with her husband and making housework is a way to help and cherish your wife. Jeffs has brought one of his wives polygamous on his knees before a classroom full of students by grabbing her hair, and twisting it until the pain until she came to her knees. Joseph finally involved with law enforcement and sought help from the government at all times. Jeffs fingers of his government and his nose is running at all times. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie, and if you know a lot about Joseph Smith and that he considered the LDS Church, it is the cinema to see. And if you are confused with the LDS Church FLDS church then you really need to work together. We are not very different from those who believe in Jesus Christ, the sanctity of marriage and the family, and patriotism of our homeland and the country. We are all different, but just as you can find a variety of Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. What is important is our message and what we stand for. This movie tries to reflect this, but there is so much the life of Joseph, which can not be covered with only 2 hours movie. It was a really great show.
