Somewhere at the bottom of stairs to the studio, you can find companies such as UFOs, Troma and beneath them lie Temptation movie. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a direct to video production company specializing in lesbian themes, Sun hardcore erotic movies. It has developed a very dedicated fan base that buy every new name as they are released, but, unfortunately, the company has become too closely associated with some of the stars Misty Mundae. I say unfortunately, because in recent years the main interest and its appearance on the show Masters of Horror called her to set her sights a little higher than the efforts of subcutaneous zero budget, which is forcing the company to find a new identity. But back in their glory days, they released this movie on very grateful world. <br /> <br /> beautiful Misty Mundae forced to attend a boarding school at the request of an absent father. At school she meets her absurdity hot room-mate plays Ruby Larocca, who immediately has a design on it, but the boss (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In typical style subcutaneous movie stops every ten minutes during a long sex scene, but unlike most of their efforts this one has a few interesting stories and a couple of good performances. Ms. Larocca, appears, which is a great time as a sexual predator who is considering Misty as delicious food and Darian Caine makes a welcome (albeit briefly) the type of Satan. This kind of film that Jess Franco would rotate in the 70s (although this one does not have the hard sex that Franco was always ready to throw in the overseas sales) and fans of this crazy work it would be wise to give this a go. <br /> <br /> for me as a long time fan of the zero budget movie (and three fan), I came across a movie movies temptation through their parodic film (Playmate of the Apes, who wants to be an erotic billionaire), but I prefer them more original pieces. You ever see for a low budget, and sometimes weak action or get hung up on these things and simply hate these movies. For me, the most obvious thing that unites all these nya-budget films is a real sense of fun. These low budget companies have the opportunity to create their own unique style, which gives the viewer something quite different from fresh, numbers, studio, loaded up multiplexes. <br /> <br /> If you've never seen a movie Tempted either it or Sin Sisters (involving both Mundae sisters) are an excellent choice to start. This is one fun, fast paced film (though often outside of school shots are really getting a bit old) and DVD is fully loaded with extras including tons of announcements of the other company's offerings, most of the scenes featurette and some deleted scenes including alternate opening. I recommend that you pass a function of the bonus disc, the first film directed, as it is quite weak and not really worth watching.
