It is an impartial, often violent in the western tradition Peckinpah / Leone unexpectedly director Andrew V. McLaglen, whose previous westerns (particularly those starring John Wayne), mainly in the John Ford mode. It is strange how the traditional (good guys / bad guys) and extremely refined as well. <br /> <br /> Heston reflects the former captain of the Arizona Territorial Police, who had been retired for years, having turned the base of the reform of law enforcement sheriff (Michael Parks) and find his way compliance with the law, which was adopted on cars, telegraphs, telephones and the railway in the early years of the 20th century. But he soon faced with the threat of his past - Blood outlawed (Coburn), which he released more than ten years before on the train robbery that killed four guards. In the following shootout, Coburn's wife was killed; Coburn and so it is for the most vile kind of revenge. It includes kidnapping and eventually rape her daughter Heston (in Hershey) him and his gang. The result is a taut and violent persecution of the mountain and the desert of southern Arizona. <br /> <br /> LAST hard the MEN, based on the novel by Brian Garfield's "gun", hard in many places, including a showdown between Heston and Coburn, and rape scene involving Hershey and two members of the gang Coburn (in Quaid Paull), probably as uncertain as similar scenes in Straw dogs and deliverance. But this does not detract too much from the terrible psychological approach to the western film genre. McLaglen is capable of handling a bloody history with a considerable scale, and performance as an aging Heston Lawman, probably the best one he ever gave in any of his films of the 1970s. Coburn makes a conscious especially heavy, and both parks and Chris Mitch (intended Hershey husband) to make good speed as well. Music is written off from the evaluation of Jerry Goldsmith and 100 guns and 1966, a remake of the coach, but it still works here. <br /> <br /> It is reasonable filmed entirely on location in the south-eastern Arizona, and using a set of Old Tucson, THE LAST MEN hard to be released Fox on VHS and / or DVD in the near future. It is a western, which deserves no less.
