I was lucky enough to see this without any preview of advertising. I was surprised by the resilience way a ghost in my mind the next day and the day after that. I watched it in 3-4 times, and each time I appreciate it even more. lush setting, the city at dusk have beautiful lighting effects, the long boom of the marsh, and the house itself sufficiently grown moss. The main character is so sweet and good-natured, he is easy to sympathize. For a man who complained that there was not enough "spark" in this film, I would say that it's because the whole struggle with the specter of being just that one person. This is a fairly slow pace of the film, with an unusual amount of time spent before and after the ghost attacks, on the development of your character with the family and working life. SPOILERS discussion / <br /> <br /> I especially liked the turning point, when he returns to the main town and meets a man, helping him and explained about seeing the ghost. He describes a woman in black, and then at the end of the conversation he said that he was going to go back, because after all, what harm she had done to him? Another man says, "you can not go back ... alone!" And it gives the hero dog. A cute little dog offers some respite comic, with its bounding through the house and even in a locked room. <br /> <br /> Many occasional apparition really freaked me out. Woman shows in the middle of a shot in the church, showing that he is not afraid of the church, and is not shy or attached to the house. It's all in the beginning. Another incredibly memorable scenes with children outside the church fence, watching the funeral. As the camera pans the case, the woman seen in the background among the tombstones. The older people will not even look at it, but the kids all yell and tease him. Crreeepy ... Usually ghosts lurk in the shadows, they pursue specific locale or people. As already mentioned, the malevolence of ghosts and terrible anger, and I feel that the attack and the ending was perfect, and rightly so. Ending highlighted the fact that the hero made a big mistake when he returned to the house. Or perhaps it was not marked by anything, saving gypsy. The guy who plays the hotel's manager is so believable, and really acts as well. I spread the word to your friends about how much I enjoyed this film, and pleased to see that others feel the same. I can see how people who do not quite understand, the same masterpiece, especially when they went into it with a lot of examination cheating. <br /> <br /> I think that even one person summed up when they said that this film resolved the question of whether or not Ghosts can cause harm to humans. Uff .. I plan to watch it again today is Changeling, aaww to. Any other movies to recommend? <br /> <br /> Thank you,
