New York, 1953. One hot night, four well-known iconic figures will converge. Professor (Albert Einstein) came to New York to give a speech, which he is, Senator (Joesph McCarthy) on his back. Later in the evening it gets an unexpected visitor; known actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who really wants to discuss the theory of relativity. Soon her husband ball game (Joe DiMaggio) appears in the hotel room, begging for them to work things broken relationships. Childhood memories, important events, which are perceived consequences of their actions to crawl, to show how these people cope with despair and fear of hidden waiting to break out. <br /> <br /> At the moment this is the only one of its kind! Adapted from the stage play by Terry Johnson (who is also the scenario script for the film), "Nothingness" is odd, brisk, seductive and simply curious fictional pop culture gimmick in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. This inspired and cerebral experimental efforts may be rooted in his stage-play origins, because it really feels like a theater and most of the action takes place in the background of the hotel and one master suite. Cramp look only enhances the whimsical and the smoky atmosphere of New York to great effect. However, these limitations may not contain productive and bold ideas that Rogue manages to accidentally storm visually and with the help of the content material. How it affects the characters (that hint of famous figures, without specifying them) philosophical travel and interpretation of their concepts stimulate in a spiritual sense, a memory gelling in the present and a vision, showing its implementation fears that depending on what you you see, or beautiful, or compulsively implemented. There's plenty of food for thought and suggestions in the space of innovation (if sometimes uncomfortable) script, with the main focus on the current situation, but the retrospective gives us a personal make-up (sex, power, and the glory of enlightenment), which makes them who they are and how the burden might be there already demanding lives. Of course, history can not lead to anything in the end, and it can feel disjointed, but the dreamy vibe and intelligent placement of irons of these folds and makes sure it never turns out to be frivolous. Photo by Peter Hannan in sensual fluid and oozing titillatingly Blues Stanley Myers soundtrack fit in snugly with Roeg stylistically win and established a style of directing. He pretends that he is working with something big and large scale, but otherwise it's not, and create a small little universe. Ancient costumes and placing all come off quite decently period. What made the film for me was to be spectacular action, he boasted of four main. perky, drop dead beautiful call Theresa Russell sexy pin-up actress grows drawing, which, of course, had a film together with a really lovely and affectionate performance of Michael Emil, as a professor. Tony Curtis plays him as a great witch hunts of Senator Gary Busey suitably well in gravel stoic fashion as a professional player. Autopsy in a minor key, but funny supporting roles, are Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> A unforgettably amazing, fresh and tour-de-force of the meditation metaphysics associated with each other four different extremes. Some might find it too pretentious and alienate Talky, but this one had me wrapped up in their own little unique world to worry too much about his shortcomings.
