MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS mesmerizing 1945 B thriller Joseph H. Lewis, arguably one of the best noir film directors of Hollywood movies. It is 65 minutes Gothic strangeness with Columbia Pictures came after a long apprenticeship of a Lewis Helmer row poverty line westerns, East Side Kids comedies, horror melodramas (including incredibly intricate Bela Lugosi shocker invisibly GHOST) and standard studio B Product (secrets CO-ED bombs on Burma, falcons in San Francisco, etc.) --- all of which are found on the scene, but nice for what had to come from an extremely talented and inventive Mr. Lewis. MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS (and SO dark night of the next year) presented by the Director, who has mastered the rare and delicate art of telling a dark story and probed quickly and efficiently on the most modest budgets. Lewis later production as GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955), in spite of the extended scope of their narrative structure, still relies on cleverly conscious camera work and lighting effectively restrained. And very modest resources. <br /> <br /> My name Julius the ROSS, probably due to a tradition of British mystery (it is installed in the studio England binding) than for conventional film noir settings and attributes. Young woman (Foch) agrees to take a position in the house of an old woman (Dame Mae Witty). Two days after her arrival, she awakens from a deep sleep in a very strange house, and rather mysteriously, with a brand new identity --- that from old daughter. Said that she was a victim of a nervous breakdown, she struggles to understand the full and seemingly hopeless nature of her predicament. But by the time she begins a strange and disturbing pieces of the truth of this dark mystery that her "husband" (Always fearsome George Macready), most likely killed his real wife, and that she was duped into participating in the harrowing and grim scheme. Many of the things that distinguishes this otherwise modest story are indelible strokes that Lewis leads to the production, designating it as the first of its really serious effort as a filmmaker.
