I've always been a big fan of Nicolas Roeg and «Walkabout» is one of my favorite movies. This film version Roegs stage of the game, and while most of the film takes place in a hotel room, he still has some Roegs cinematic flare. A very unique story about the famous actress (Theresa Russell), who, after a heavy night work on the film in 1954, sent to the hotel to visit the famous professor (Michael Emil) and together in the hotel room, they say. After some time, she wants to go to bed with him, but as they begin to undress her husband knocks on the door. Her husband is a well-known former baseball player (Busey), and he wants to know what's going on. Three of them in the hotel room to talk about what is happening, and what the future holds for them. Meanwhile, a well-known senator (Tony Curtis) is threatening to take the paper, Professor, when he does not testify at the hearing. Theresa Russell is just fine, and while she is not trying to exactly emulate Marilyn Monroe, she is doing an excellent job of exuding phobia's and nuances that Monroe is very well known. One thing that makes this film to show it is not only women on the verge of a nervous breakdown, but to show it as a physical wreck as well. She says that she can not have children, and at some point in the film, she suffers a miscarriage. You can make a wonderful case, it is the best work of Russell, and I probably will not argue. The film does an interesting thing to show a lot of memories, as the characters continue to talk about the one and memories, we see one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey also gives good stable performance and it reminds me that the strong person he gives on the screen. Professor Emil is a character that has a lot more things on his mind, then we initially thought. The last scene in this film is to show him the dark side! One of the highlights of the film for me a little conversation he lifter (Will Sampson with "Cuckoo's Nest") and they discuss what the Cherokee Indians to think about at all times. But, of course, the famous scene in the movie where Russell Emil demonstrates how she really understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show this. Professor delighted with its demonstrations and so we are! Russell and Rogue are married in real life, and they do an excellent job, if they are in a partnership, and this is probably their best film together. Good performance and a very interesting job directing it to do complex and thoughtful film visually.
