If you're a fan of gothic horror, then you definitely absolutely guaranteed to love this beautiful Italian 60-film "Castle of Blood". We are really talking about crawling creaky doors, horrible portraits that seem to move spontaneously dying candle, although there is no wind and the smoke coming out from under the heavy wooden door of the cell. Speaking in terms of atmosphere and style, this is a masterful work of Gothic film is one of the best out there; Only one tiny league below benchmarks, such as "Black Sunday", "Three persons of fear" and "Curse of crying." Visible Directors duo Corbucci ( "The Great Silence", "Jango") and Margherita ( "Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") successfully in all areas, including the powerful story (the one that really induce a nightmare), ultra-sinister scenery and the filming location, stylish black-and-white photographs, terrible music and a brilliant collection of talented performers. Barbara Steele, starlet of the aforementioned "Black Sunday" and Italian gothic muse number one, again shines brightly as a spiritually tormented character, and it is literally surrounded by beautiful teammates. One of them, Silvan Tranquillo even gives away a pretty picture identification of the author Edgar Allan Poe. The story involves him and another wealthy visitor in rural tavern challenging hard young journalist to take painful bail. If it ?? Alan Foster ?? survive by spending one night in the infamous castle Blackwood, he receives a strange reward of $ 10 and newspaper interviews with Poe. Needless to say the test is much more dangerous than it sounds, even for someone like Alan Foster, that the firm does not believe in ghosts and vampires. Night begins is perfect for him, because he even meets the stunningly beautiful woman of his dreams, but he gradually learns that Blackwood Castle hellish place where the ghosts of the dead before the visitors were trapped for all eternity. I do not know about you, but this is seriously one of my favorite rooms horror movies of all time. Co-director Margherita is clearly proud of this film, as well, because he rewrote it himself a few years later as the «Web Spider." This film had a few tricks, such as casting a minimum Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but in general the original is much better. "Castle of Blood" is literally oozing with atmosphere and maintains thoroughly disturbing atmosphere throughout. This is truly one of those rare films that can make the hair on the arms and back of the neck rise in fear, when viewed in the right circumstances. Watch it late in the evening, preferably alone in a candlelit room, and you get an idea about the real definition of terror.
