Initially, I saw this film as a boy in the old theater Rialto as part of Saturday afternoon matinee triple bill that also featured Vincent Price's "The Last Man on Earth" and Mario Bova in "Nightmare Castle." I've had nightmares about blood lusting ghosts within a week after that! Although I do not know is that all three films will be classic. Not surprisingly, I was not so scared! While all three films scare me, it was the blood of the castle that was the most profound impact. <br /> <br /> It was the first in a row. I did not even see it from the beginning as we were late getting to the cinema and missed the first 20 minutes of the film. That's a lot to miss, as the edited print only worked for about 79 minutes (unedited runs 87minutes). But, despite this, the dark eerie atmosphere (complete with ruined castles, fog shrouded cemetery, shadows and cobwebs), gothic set design, strong performances and unknown (especially the last 20 minutes) bejeepers scared out of me and made an indelible impression he took me years to finally get a copy of the movie for my collection. Since it was the French - Italian imports, it was not a film that appeared on the Late Show in Winnipeg. I could not remember the name (note that I did not get to see the beginning of the film, and was scared witless), and to top it off, the film was released just under a dozen different movie titles (aka Danze Macabre Coffin Terror, Terror Castle, Long Night of Terror , etc ...) and US / UK working title "Castle of blood" was very general, like dozens of other "b" of horror and suspense movies, making it the ghost. But thanks to the Internet and perseverance, I found it in the end! What a pleasure to finally watch the movie in full after so many years! It may not have been entirely obvious emotional impact that he did when I was a boy, but as a haunted house movies go, it stands up well and compares favorably with similar iconic period films such as "Ghosts", "Innocent" or "Black Sunday" film excellent early effort by Italian director Margherita. It stars 60-th screeching queen Barbara Steele icon and feature a well-written script by Corbucci a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere), which, at a rate that spends the night in a haunted house and NOT knowing it, it becomes part shtoga . Dov continued ghost story hypnotic style is ideally cast as the love interest of a ghost -. Arturo Dominici Dr. Carmus, and Margaret Robsov Julia <br /> <br /> Many of the tricks Margheriti hires to create an atmosphere of terrible movie (cobwebs, creaking door, fog, etc.) should seem cliché contemporary audience, but they work much better in black and white than they ever could in a modern color. Instead of using body counts and special effects, the film creates deters old way of fashion, relying on a good story, stylish direction, a different set of production, interesting camera work, and strong acting performances. Margheriti does an amazing job taking these elements and the construction of the suspension of the film as a monstrous paranormal mystery house slowly reveals itself involuntary writer. <br /> <br /> The film is not without its shortcomings. The rate of stretch at the beginning of the movie (ironically, I initially missed in 20 minutes). This is likely to deteriorate Synapse films attempts to restore the film to its original length. Although proponents will likely appreciate the ability to see the film restored - in terms of an intro - it may have been more of a hindrance than a help. Speech English Dubs are merely passable, and restored scenes, the language changes from English into French (English subtitles included), which will no doubt irritate some viewers. <br /> <br /> However, Synapse Films is to be commended for the print quality. Obviously, some efforts have been made in his recovery, and deservedly so. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed the film very much and highly recommend his supporters 60s Italian gothic movies, or anyone who loves a good ghost story. <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB, Canada
