Italy has made a number of very large and original horror films in the 1960s - and this is definitely one of them! The first thing you'll notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the film. Shot in beautiful black and white, as well as from the use of the director Margherita in coverage; the film almost looks like it could be a German expressionistic horror film. This, coupled with horror-filled storyline will ensure that the Danse Macabre is a film that accurately reflects the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does not harm the business - and the good news continues, in this film, she gets to flex her acting muscles more than it is in the films that made her famous. The plot is very aware of the time in which it was released, and therefore includes a large Edgar Allen Poe. We go, Alan Foster, a writer who accepts bets from the Poe and Lord Blackwood, he could not spend the night in a terrible old castle of the latter. Every person who spent the night there before he died ... and our hero is going to meet the previous bail-that take! <br /> <br /> Currently, horror movies tend to not focus so much on each frame, and the result is that there is not much beauty left in the genre. It is refreshing, therefore, to see this movie. Many of the shots are incredibly beautiful - with a feminine side wearing only a pair of transparent skirt, my personal favorite - the smoke creeping into the shot from under the door. This is my first film Margherita, and even after just seeing this one; it is obvious that he was one of the main directors of Italy. Also interesting is the fact that the script was co-written with another large Italian; Django creator Corbucci. The plot can roam a little bit too many times, but there is always enough atmospheres on hand to make sure that the movie never gets boring - and the fact that it is always intriguing, even if the plot slows down, provides the same. How Danse Macabre uses a "haunted house" theme is both well done and original, and helps keep the story as horrible as possible. In general, supporters of Italian and / or cult movie does not want to miss this little gem!
