Margherita in «Danza Macabra» aka. «Castle Of Blood» 1964 beautiful and incredibly memorable masterpiece of the Italian gothic horror, and after Mario Bava's «La masquerade Del Demonio» (aka. "Black Sunday") in 1960 and Roger Corman in "The Pit and the Pendulum" 1961 (starring the great Vincent Price), another must see, that has earned an excellent Barbara Steele its more than deserved glory of the most important icon of female Horror in film history. But it is not only a beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele is one of my favorite actresses of all time, the script to «Danza Macabra» it was co-written by no less than kinematagr afichnaga genius Corbucci, who directed such brilliant Spaghetti Western milestones as "Django" (1966) and "The Great Silence" (1968). Number 2 Italy in the field (immediately after Mario Bova), director of the Margherita is one of the all-time masters gothic horror, and "Castle of blood" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. is another film hardly works so brilliantly in creating an incredibly haunting, yet beautiful atmosphere, as is the case with this terrible masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he meets a famous writer of brilliant horror stories, Edgar Allan Poe, in a gloomy London tavern, a young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepts bets from the gentleman that he could not spend the night in his haunted castle the night before all souls. Once Foster enters into a terrible castle, mysterious things start to happen. After a while, however, he meets a charming inhabitant of the castle, a stunningly beautiful Elizabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). Mysterious events, so far, however, only had premonitions of horror castle bears, but ... <br /> <br /> setting a spooky castle will be enough to create a somber mood, beautiful black and white cinematography and most cost Riz Ortolani create an incredibly haunting atmosphere that horrible beyond compare. Gorgeous Barbara Steele is fantastic, as always, I just can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has never been able to combine a great beauty with the supernatural, as is the case with Steele, and the actress never will. In addition, Steel, cast film contains another stunning beauty, Margaret Robsam, and it also provides a great performance. George Riviere performance as Alan Foster is great, and other performances are also very good. "Castle of Blood" is outstanding in many departments: Barbara Steele delivers one of his best performances, cinematography and beautiful place is haunted comparison, the atmosphere is incredibly awful film ... just perfect the whole atmosphere of the Gothic beauty and art of terror. In short: "Castle of Blood" is one of the most atmospheric and great gothic horror films ever, and should not be missed, who are interested in the genre! 10/10
