Today, the actress gladly gain weight, dye their hair, dress like slobs, and lose their luster for the role, and Betty Davis is probably the actress, who started this trend. Even the pretty young woman who sometimes wore designer clothes and Constance Bennett in films such as makeup, Davis was ready to ruin themselves, to create a character on the outside as well as inside. <br /> <br /> Its definition is clearly demonstrated here, in her breakthrough film "Of Human Bondage", in which she plays with Leslie Howard, Philip Currie. Davis plays Mildred, fornicator, manipulative, greedy low life Howard masochistic, club foot, Philip. He first met her when she was a waitress, and she lets him take her out to dinner and theater while she frolics with a rich older man (Alan Hale Sr.). In fact, Mildred repelled by Kosolapov Philip. For his part, Philippe seems to like abusing her open flirting and her coldness towards him. It allows Mildred bleed him dry financially between friends who drop out when they get tired of it, while he breaks some really beautiful women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). If he gets smart about to throw her, Mildred Gromit his apartment and robbing him, forcing him to give up medical school and lose his home. <br /> <br /> «Of Human Bondage» looks pretty stilted today in parts. Although Leslie Howard was a wonderful actor and engaging, his acting style is more formal old-school, and as a result, it tends to date it is. It shines in the material as his role opposite Davis "This is the love I once" or "petrified forest", calling to mind his technique. His action date back to become even more evident, because here Davis blacksmithing new ground with a rough acute performance, that would really make her name. If it sometimes seems over the top, she came off the stage, and the fineness of action film will be released later for it. We compare this work with retention, softness and warmth of her Henrietta in "All this and heaven too "or pathos she brought in" Dark . And Victory "She was a real actress and a true artist Davis really allow themselves to look like holy hell;. Mildred deterioration absolutely pathetic, Philip seems to gain strength as her breath away <br /> <br /> A great film. in which to see the prosperity of one of the greatest stars of the film.
