electrifying performance Bette Davis is such that it is difficult to remember the other female players. They were perfect in their parts as Davis was in it - they just do not have much to do. Some reviewers felt that the book was much better - it was, but to give the film is due to be sealed 600 pages of the book up to 83 minutes of no mean feat. The first part of the book, did not even make it to the screen - a childhood Philip said, and then moved to Germany, and Paris, where Philip had gone to try to do good as an artist. He also chronicled his first novel - Fanny Price, who kills herself when she realizes that Philip could not return his feelings of love. It's a wonderful book, but messy, and I think that anyone who does not think too highly the film should read the book and understand how well the film. <br /> <br /> Once I realized that he would only ever a mediocre painter, Philip Carey (Leslie Howard) returns to England in hopes of taking the medication. If the tea he meets surly waitress Mildred (Bette Davis). Despite the fact that she has no interest in it and basically treats him like dirt, Phillip receive. It's so hard to watch for his efforts in trying to find any civility in this vicious shrew. In one scene, she promises to meet him in the second class railway waiting room, when they almost miss each other, she scolds him, "Why should I expect in the next room waiting class, if there is one available the first class." You just want to shake him. The only time he likes, when she tells him that she is going to marry another man, rough sales- man, Emil Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred a picture, he meets Nora (Kay Johnson) beautiful woman who writes romance novels under a male pseudonym. She jokes about the popularity of the book enjoys among employees (in the novel, he saw Mildred read them.) Nora Phillip gives all love and trust he needs, but he is unable to return their love. If Mildred returns (Miller did not marry her, and she gives birth to), it is, of course, taking care of her and help her with the baby (in the film he is seen as an object - always called "the child" has never given a name or gender ) - it gives him running away with his best friend <br /> <br /> in the hospital, he meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee), who is visiting her sick father .. he begins to visit her home and for the first time in his life gets the feeling family. Then, surprise! surprise! Mildred returned as bad penalties, and surprise! Philip takes her. But it has changed, and is disgusted when she tries to show gratitude to the only way she knows how. What follows is one of the worst, verbal battles in the film with phrases such as "You Cad, dirty pig," "I just kissed you, because you begged me" and "you're gone, I wiped his mouth, I wiped my mouth!" !! In the book, a lot of stock Mildred phrases such as "you're a gentleman in every sense of the word," "I do not mind," and "Mr. Tall and powerful" were associated with prostitutes, and when Philip meets her for the first time he was surprised by this. <br /> <br /> end of the film shows Phillip (being truly free Mildred in the only possible way) is now free to love Sally. Again in the book Sally tells Philip that she thinks she has a child, but it only makes him more confident in . This is the end of love, as a "disease" Mildred can not be in the movie -. Even about one code <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson has always been to play sensible, plausible woman -. which she played to perfection, as it is clearly Smart himself Her Nora was a woman, Philip should have stayed with Frances Yes was one of the most beautiful screen. ingénue. she clearly predicted to fame with some roles that prove that it is not just a pretty face ( «The Silver Cord» and «Blood Money»), but when she married McCree her career began to run out. Her Sally Sun pushed her talent to the borders. Apparently, Leslie Howard was not very helpful Bette Davis on the set - he was annoyed that the English actress did not get the role. He used to throw her his line "reading a book with the camera." He begins to wonder when the newspapers reported "child ran away with a picture» !!! <br /> <br /> It is very highly recommended.
