This 1934 adaptation of the novel by Somerset Maugham put Bette Davis on the map as a film actress. She may have won an Oscar for his role, but the films have been made on credit, so her studio did not push her. Its actions in this case, does not come off well by today's standards. How heartless waitress who pulls Philip, sensitive medical student, around and nearly ruining his life, Davis is too high-pitched, almost demonic. Directed by John Cromwell, which is usually called good performances with his actresses, was probably overwhelmed by it. Davis watchable, of course, but so piercing and predatory to seem almost human. I imagine the character of Millie, as a quieter, less feminine than Davis, with perhaps a touch of tomboy. Davis is such a strong, immediate presence, that there is no air to her secrets, which makes her appeal of Philip seems to be more openly masochistic than it should be. <br /> <br /> As Philip Leslie Howard perfectly. His Wan, a few wilted good looks are perfect for this not turned esthete. It also does not require him to personal interpretation on the part, as, for instance, Bogard could do, which gives his work a rare clarity. It seems that he has full control here, as it should be played by people with rational intellect, which is in the grip of irrational emotions, he can not control or even completely satisfied as the object of his love, moves it in such a way that he can not understand. Howard was a wonderful actor, too often cast in romantic standard parts, which forced him to retreat to the charm that he uses here. <br /> <br /> It was so long ago I read a book, I do not feel comfortable commenting on the film faithful to him. I think it captures the spirit of history quite well, and that he has committed in Howard Philip Carey. Sexual undercurrents muffled, and sometimes Philip behaved so masochistic that in the absence of strong sexual feelings, makes you wonder about the sanity of the character, of course, no intention of Mr. Maugham. Thanks to the performance of Howard, Philip is still firmly in the spotlight, as can be seen in its various answers and lust for Millie extremes to which a reasonable mind would go to understand the irrational in themselves and in others. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very good movie, a little pompously time, because of his age, he is beautiful London and worked well for the most part.
