Websites reading on Bette Davis can be found cases where the authors state that there is nothing special about her actions. I even found a site that claimed that the success of Bette Davis was probably due to its success. But Ms. Davis movies 1934 say quite the contrary. The most obvious examples are the two films that she made only a few weeks of each other: Fog over San Francisco, as well as the lack of freedom of man. The characters she played in films, although negative, are completely different. Arlene in the first good-looking, charming and light-headed heiress and much more likeable character than Mildred in the latter, which is a pale, uneducated and brash Cockney waitress. Needless to say that Ms. Davis played both characters are very authentic and with the same enthusiasm. But even that is not all. The fact that the first part, which would like the majority of the actresses of the day, there was one, she had to play. The latter role, which seemed to most actresses, as undesirable, career destroying role was one she fought evil in a few months. And it was the last part, which was among its biggest stars. Thus, there is no doubt that Ms. Davis knew from the outset that it does. <br /> <br /> The film tells about a medical student Philip Carey (Leslie Howard), falling in love with the miserable Cockney waitress Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis), has multiple exit points, but also many other strong ones. History is simply too great to be told in a matter of 83 minutes. For example, it is unclear why a refined student found no interest in blatant waitress in the first place. Well, there is one scene in which we are exposed to Mrs. Davis magic eye, but it is, if his emotions are already fully developed. However, the integrity of the stored history surpassing the influence of Howard and Davis, as well as the fantastic music of Steiner, who speaks a ton of emotions, even if we do not see the face of the characters. In fact, the film united walking Philip sequence showing his back, shuddering augmented two-tone repetition. Every detail is thought out - Max Steiner wrote beautiful leitmotif for every woman in Philip's life, which is constantly used through the film. And a beautiful scene in which we see the person in front of Sally's calendar is one of the most pleasing scenes that I have ever seen because of the incredible beauty Frances Dee (Ms Di incidentally considered too beautiful to play a leading role in Gone with wind), as well as spectacular music Steiner. Camera movement between some scenes also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my strong objection that the events seem to be too two-dimensional, that induce the viewer that Mildred is the ultimate whore. The most disgusting characters must be people who lure her into a relationship, despite knowing full well that they will abandon it after use it, but they are, oddly enough, ended up depicted as cute characters. In the end, Mildred always - in their own specific, but still honest way - allows Phillip to know that she despises him, and had no interest in him. That he simply refuses to hear. This Phillips masochistic character is due to its Kosolapov and infantile experience, which is the main cause of his problems of love. He is devoted to his Kosolapov just like Mildred, and perhaps should be free from both, to start a normal life. Of course, selfish and impudent Mildred, after the discovery of Kabbalah voluntary Phillip to her, did his share to make his life a living hell. Even taking into account that it exploded after it realized that slavery was loose, it is less than understood why her money to burn Philip (Maugham are different in the novel). In the end, it might as well steal it and drank gallons of champagne. <br /> <br /> For today's standards the film is a bit outdated, but every next time you look, you can discover new interesting details of the head of acting, exciting music and original editing, so he deserves the highest possible scores.
