Betty Davis cockney accent in this movie is absolutely horrible. I fully understand that the Americans and other nationalities could not understand it, and that's fine; but trust me, it's about twice as bad cockney accent Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins and it was the right load of old pony (London slipped into common parlance there - many apologies). <br /> <br /> excellent to me that a strange accent and the exaggerated style of acting entirely diminish the strength of the films. With nonfreedom human engaging piece is a movie, despite surface imperfections. It should also be considered in the future. Technical and cultural limitations of filmmaking at that time must be assessed, taking into account the constraints, John Cromwell is doing a very good job directing the camera and allows the narrative to develop a kinematic, and not only through action mannered and stilted dialogue. A perfect example of his skillful guidance of the scene is set at the Victoria Station. This beautifully conceived, shot and edited. Note also the frozen frames of Mildred exhausted before the end of the film; they need more than the first day of artistic filmmaking than the sanitized world of formulaic studio that was going to dominate <br /> <br /> The theme of the film universally familiar and convincing of them :. sexual obsession, gratuitous love, scorned passion, hatred, manipulative relationships, social cleavages and youthful folly. Although the dialogue is often quite beaten, the difficult task of drawing these threads and the inner life of the characters will be solved well although in a restrained way. Some of the scenes of obsession and emotional rejection uncomfortable to watch, but the story does not descend into cliché; we know that the characters (even poisonous Mildred) are victims and perpetrators, and that their actions are dictated by their lack of understanding of each other's feelings, as well as deliberate selfishness. While the naive style story comes to the complex heart of the human condition and the nature of the action mannered and sometimes grating exchanges does not detract from the accuracy of the work. <br /> <br /> On Human Bondage was one of the films that have received Bette Davis noticed in Hollywood, and while watching it you know to be a witness at the birth of the famous career. Her unconventional beauty and charisma of the screen (no frills or despise quite like Ms. Davis) grab your attention from its first appearance. While she is definitely a memorable performance in the film, Leslie Howard is also great as a sensitive and tender student Philip Currie. They are a good combination, but why oh why did not he help her with this horrible, horrible accent?
