This is a film about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is a woman, men are attracted to. Not because it is good beautiful girl, but because she is a sexual object. Now, the film does not come out and say that, but it's obvious. There is a scene in the movie in which people are going Google an eye on it. She works as a waitress in a cafe, she could not read, and it is not really anyone to look at, but it is a flirt. Obviously, customers of men in this cafe there because of her. Once Philip club feet failed painter medical student comes into the store, to say a good word for his friend, but he becomes intoxicated at the time when he sees her. He begins to buy her things, even to pay for his apartment. At the same time, she sees other people, and it makes no secret of it. He dreams of her as she is an angel, but she is not an angel. He is always thinking about it. His medical school classes even fails. So Nookie too well. He wants to marry her, but she rejects him because she marries another guy. She always gives Phil knows that she really does not love feelings for him all the time. He was heartbroken, but he meets another woman. They seem to be good, but obviously, he still dreams about Bimbo. Mildred does return with the child and unmarried. Philippe takes it up again, but it begins to come out of it with another bulb lights up a bit, and he kicks it. She does what she knows what works in this way, she tries to seduce him, but it did not work, and it continues to burn up his training money. About a club foot that he has a problem, as though street teenager who has the same problem, he says, to light it. He meets another girl named Sally we march installation time, which shows its aging while he pulls it is still waiting for Mildred. Well, he has no schooling, can not find work. Finally, Sally and her father takes him. Not before another march installation time, showing him go down. Soon, his uncle, who raised his death, and he gets the money to become a doctor. At the same time, he believes, Mildred again needs him. She has tuberculosis. In the meantime, he continues to lead down the primrose path of Sally's marriage, and he takes a job on the boat. Finally, a prostitute dies and Philip says that he is free, and he married Sally. I wanted her to tell him to stuff it. Now I know that my view of the characters are not going to get me any points. But I feel, Philip was a bad guy. Yes Mildred is a prostitute, but he knows it, and he keeps coming back. The average value while it has two other friends who love him, but he refers to appetizers like. I believe that sex was not so good. But in any case it is the dogs of these women waiting for Mildred. Not only that, but the person who gets pregnant Mildred was already married, and when Philip asks him what he intends to do and Child (apparently the name of the child), he laughs off, it has no intention to support her and the baby, and he is rich . Sally's father, who has 9 children say some pretty nasty things about women, but it is said to be an old traditionalist. Philip does not seem to belie his feelings too. Men use Mildred as a boy toy, but the people in this movie, how to get away with it. Yes, it was not a respectable woman, but it is far from the villain. For me it's Philip, who had been a real problem, and it was his sexual obsession with Mildred.
