I happen to like Leslie Howard, in his best films. However, for some reason, his performance in Of Human Bondage never touched me tremendously. The first time I saw the movie on my college campus in 1972 and in the college newspaper reviewer made a comment that in the 1930s and 1940s, Howard played the role allegedly later picked up Bogarde as a man who was born to be a devotee. Usually, this is not so (by hand, I think that Ashley Wilkes as a person who can be betrayed, if he and Scarlett O'Hara had to be a point of Margaret Mitchell - but loved Ashley Meloni, Sun Scarlett). Howard can play any style, and role as RJ Mitchell and Professor Henry Higgins is not the one who is given. * <br /> <br /> (* You can make it so that Philip Armstrong Scott betrayed two strangers it shows hospitality to the 49th parallel, but they are fascists who believe it - a liberal Westerner, Canadian -. Fair game double cross in time of war is not the same as emotional betrayal, and Howard did not dry up as a result, but faced with the Nazis and captures one after beating him) <br /> <br /> I think that reviewer meant that Howard It could be sincere. - or trying to be sincere. Witness his poet - the dreamer - a wanderer in the Petrified Forest. But this character should not be delivered, in addition to the history, it is possible (as he feels his style as of the date as a gangster played by Humphrey Bogart). The nature of Phillip Kerry in Somerset Maugham's Of Human Bondage inspired too. It is sensitive for several reasons. He has an interest in art and trying to become an artist - but unlike the artist Strickland of the moon and Sixpence, he has no real talent. Thus, he decided to focus on medical research, underlined Kosolapov condition he has. Here he is a person with low self-esteem, which is set to be loyal. <br /> <br /> Philip believes that change in the form of Cockney waitress Mildred (Bette Davis), who is a mercenary and selfish as they come. Why Philip falls in love is not really addressed in the film, but he finds the woman fascinating. And she finds it easy to pass on dinner. Ironically, now so keen on this whore, Philip did not notice the other two women who are interested in it (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee), and more suitable as his assistant. In addition, he continues to find yourself forgiving Davis when she has to deal with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - Howard's second term). <br /> <br /> While Howard litter performance captures the trend of Philip in relation to Mildred, he really does not show enough passion (until the end of the film, when he turns to her). That's why I think I never really cared about his performance here - it lacks any reality. His insistence then tortured in Gone with the Wind, which he loves Olivia de HAVILAND, Sun Vivien Leigh, has a consistency with a man in love. But Davis Mildred performance makes the film important. She had a wide variety of parts until 1934, as a friend of the blind pianist in a man who played God or spoiled heiress who gets killed in the fog FRISCO or mouse as secretary to three for the match. How Mildred she finally showed she could be the main actress, playing a selfish bitch. <br /> <br /> It is interesting to her performance was not a single note. While she uses and abuses of Howard's two-thirds of the film, the culmination of this famous scene where she shows how to reverse it Kiss it made her, her last scene to show that she, too, could fall apart because of her health is deteriorating, and its inability keep any honest jobs. If Howard rejects her audience did not notice as equally reprehensible it becomes (he asks what happened to her child - she tells him that the child had died, and Howard said curtly that he was glad that it was unlikely she was waiting for an answer). In the end, Howard does finally get his life in order, but Mildred ends accident (ironically its death found her old friend Denny for a medical call). Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has been unable to appoint Davis in 1934 (which led to the biggest record - in the company's history, and constant changes in the rules it is), but Davis was established as a star. Within one year, she won an Oscar as Joyce Heth in danger. Two years later she starred with Howard again (as equal Stars) in Petrified Forest.
