After 21 films and three years of work in Hollywood Bette Davis finally got the part she claimed as her own, and which placed it as a force to be reckoned with. Mildred Rogers, Davis escaped from quite unsympathetic role wanton waitress who becomes the object of affection Lely Howard, and was ready to sink your teeth into a role like this, she did not hesitate to terrible things, intended to make her character throughout the film, and terrible transformation she undergoes. In addition, it has been widely noted that her performance here is one of the few things that makes it a little uneven film watchable, was one to remember, even after two and a remake of a scene where she rips in Howard entered the history of cinema. <, Br /> <br /> in about 85 minutes, the story moves at a good pace, telling the story of Philip Carey (Howard), his life is that of a destructive Mildred Rogers again and again. <br /> <br /> Howard and Davis chemistry is everything, but does not exist - Davis sustained in an interview much later in life she personally does not care much for Howard iciness to it, and it helped her to act worse (character) relative thereto as Mildred. All the same, the two seem to be awkward with each other; their scenes together are hard, only saved from a cruel Davis acidity leads to its line and its own nervous presence. Again, the direction of Cromwell has a certain stiltedness myself, not being able to come through from time to time - it tries to fill in some space (whenever Davis does not exist) of soluble and installation that shows a period of time (calendar overlaid on volatile Frances Dee). All very much in style then. That was before the technical features and sophisticated perspectives came into being, and, in fact, the visual story is simplistic, bare essentials translation of the novel by Somerset Maugham - which is saying a lot, because at 600 pages, "Of Human Bondage" would have been really hard to remove even then. <br /> <br /> Storywise, he feels that Philip Carey may be something a masochist, because there is no discernible sexual attraction between him and Mildred, and a compound that, Mildred never hide his dissatisfaction from the beginning. Howard's performance will never give up, to go through a lot of external emotions - his eyes constantly dull, his expression never turns too far from lost (it can almost be a distant relative of William Hurt in "The Accidental Tourist" - a dejected, pain, and totally passive ), but it may be a part of his character, and so he does not see that the other woman (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) make themselves vulnerable to unrequited passions. Interestingly, the Nora Johnson, when she realizes that Carrie will never fall on it, the one who missed the story, with its observation that people relate to other people - it is bound to Carey, Kerry is related to Mildred, and she Mildred connected Miller (or men who meet as a supplier). In his brief but memorable scene, she's the one who keeps the essence of the story of morality.
