I thought it would be a sequel to the original "36th Chamber of Shaolin", but in fact it is more carefree "sister" to the original. Gordon Liu also stars as a would-be hero on a quest to learn kung fu to defeat those pesky Manchu ... but this time around it is easier and more comical. The film centers around a local dye mill, where wages are cut due to the hiring of 10 new Manchurian bosses. Liu plays "Chao", which is able to deceive the mill boss into thinking he Shaolin monk who has almost magical kung fu mastery. But his success is over, he is exposed as a fraud, and he promises to working mill, it will go to the monastery of Shaolin to learn kung-fu, and to return to protect them. <br /> <br /> The comedy really begins in the monastery, where the Chao makes several attempts bungling to be accepted. This creates a lot of really funny moments, and a lot of great fight choreography. Continuing the tradition of "thirty-sixth Chamber" we see all sorts of neat and interesting (and extremely false) teaching methods in the monastery, as well as the creative use of wooden benches as a weapon. <br /> <br /> It is also a unique and noteworthy is the confusion of kung fu and craft bamboo frame building. Chao is not accepted as a student of Shaolin, but done to build a bamboo forest for "10 years of recovery" monastery. On the DVD I bought a special on bamboo frame building and the inspiration that director Lau Kar-Leung took out of him. This craft many hundreds (possibly thousands) of years, and in Hong Kong the scaffolding is still built from bamboo, even at high altitudes, although the West only uses steel tubes and clamps. As a result of his work scaffolding, Chao developed a special style of kung fu ... when asked what it is, it's funny answers "Scaffold kung fu !!" he first tests during an altercation with the Abbot of the monastery. In the latest confrontation with the Manchus, there is a dazzling array of creative uses for bamboo poles and ties. <br /> <br /> In terms of comedy, I think it's one of the best kung fu genre. How kung fu film overall, it's worth ... I recommend it to everyone!
