In the 1930s. Classy, ​​elegant Adele (played wonderfully dignified determination to Debbie Reynolds), and Betty, an unattractive Helen (lovely Shelley Winters comes full tilt Wacko with her usual theatrical panache) is the mother of two murderers. They leave their underwear past the Midwest behind and move to Hollywood to start his own dance school for beginners kid Stars. Adele begins dating a dashing millionaire Lincoln Palmer (Always perfectly Dennis Weaver). On the other hand, a religious fanatic Helen soon falls into despair and madness. <br /> <br /> Director Curtis ( «Night Tide», «Rubin») Harrington, working from a script cunning Henry Farrell (who wrote "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" was founded and co-author of the script for "Hush .. . Hush, Sweet Charlotte "), cleverly devises a complex and compelling psychological thriller horror of guilt, fear, and repression of religious fervor runs amok dangerous. Super cast have a ball with their picturesque roles: Michael MacLiammoir how pompous rhetoric teacher, Agnes Moorehead as a fodder and fire-gray radio evangelist, Yvette Vickers as the fragmentary, imperious mother handed wannabe child star, Logan Ramsey as a detective tracks down, and Timothy Kerry in a terrible ass. Complex talent solo set piece from Pamelinami Ferdin (voice of Lucy in "Peanuts» TV cartoons events), which acts as a master of ceremonies, and the original "Friday the 13th" victim Robbi Morgan does evil vulgar dead on May West impression qualifies as a certain zest. Ghost assessment of David Raskin, a fantastic scene with Reynolds performing incredible tango in a posh restaurant, the atmosphere of the era flavorsome period of depression, the beautiful cinematography by Lucien Ballard, and particularly strange eerie ending, still on the money . Ydatnyya and effective MGM is this stunning stone on a nifty DVD doublebill with "Who Slew Auntie ROO;?" as the pictures are presented in crisp widescreen broadcasts with their theatrical trailers.
