Well, here is another stunning example of the awkward 70-film! Germ-premise "What happened to Elena?" It is very shocking and disturbing, but it is presented in a stylish and sophisticated fashion! In the hands of any other crew of the film, it certainly would be an opposite and rough operation tale, but with director Curtis Harrington ( «Who Killed Aunt third?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ( «Hush Hush ?? ?? Sweet Charlotte") is responsible he became beautiful and almost magical blend of topics and genres. The main plot of the film, of course, terrible, but there is much more experience, like love stories, shaky 1930s atmosphere and a lot of singing and tap dancing! Installation is definitely what makes this film unique. We literally catapulted from the 1930s, with the sublime way of music, religion, theater business, and wardrobes of the epoch. After a long and tedious trial that sentenced their sons to life imprisonment for murder, Adel (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) to flee to California and try to start a new life running a dance school for young talented girls. Especially Adelle adapts itself perfectly to the new environment, as it falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor old Helen continues to sink into the downward spiral of madness and paranoia. She listens only nonsense radio evangelist, fears that she will be punished for crimes committed by her son and violent tendencies develops slowly. The script, though not entirely without flaws, well written and the film adequately pace. There's never a dull moment in the "What happened to Elena," while singing, DJ, dancing and tango sequence of fully distributed and many are not related to the actual site. But the atmosphere is constantly and ominously film definitely benefice from the excellent performance of existing Shelley Winters. It is downright scary as unpredictable and introverted lady who is about to burst at any other, and especially in the last ten minutes or so, she looks more stupor than the entire Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees' and Michael Myers put together ! There are some amazing supporting characters, who, unfortunately, little developed and robbed of their capacity as a teacher Michili MacLiammóir daring eloquence, Agnes Moorehead as the horrible priestess and Timothy Carey as a haunting female visitor at home. There are some strange and terrible scenes moments of the shock to use for the Grand Guignol fanatics among us, but especially of the set and costume design (even nominated for an Oscar!) Is breathtaking.
