I watched (and recorded) a few years ago on local television, and being in awe of him, after I erased the tape; However, when he was released by MGM in the framework of «Midnite Movie» DVD double feature with Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters movies at a very affordable price, I could not resist giving it a second look (it has since gone to the streets were given). In fact, I received a DVD a few months ago, but only now, with the passage of Harrington, I was getting to it; Fortunately, this time I was more receptive to the film and, in fact, is now considered one of his most satisfying Whatever Happened to Baby Jane? (1962) imitation (which, by the way, he shared screenwriter Henry Farrell) <br /> <br /> The film offers a magnificent evocation of the 1930s, the American depression. - with the child star of mania and sensational murders (operated in the opening newsreel forgery); it is tastefully done (prestige cinema Lucien Ballard and set design by Eugene Lourie ') and has an effective assessment of David Reksin. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir provide excellent characteristics; the latter is particularly impressive as the larger-than-life and vaguely ominous diction coach (although he ultimately proves only a distraction!). signs are also Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead (she has only a cameo, in fact, as an evangelist, she plays on the radio heard mostly). <br /> <br /> Many seemed to regret the inclusion of musical numbers on children (including an amusing imitation of Mae West), but personally I did not bother them; the film does little to overstay its welcome due to the slow pace and (probably in vain) twisted plot. Reynolds - very musical star - perfectly cast as the owner of the dance school and, despite their rivalry on the set, she Winters work well together. The latter, in fact, gives a more balanced image of paranoia and madness, than who Auntie ITS Slew? (1971); story, the number of invents ironic eddies which result in the expected Grand Guignol type junction. Apparently, the film was toned (it originally contained more gore and even the suggestion of lesbianism!) Producer Ransohov Martin - against the will of Harrington - in order to get the rating PG ...
