The strangest of cinematic subgenre of the so-called "Big House Grand Guignol»: horror of the camp, which, when combined in the top melodrama with Gothic thrills and always weighed seasoned and almost forgotten actress of the Hollywood golden age in the unflattering role of a long suffering of victims or evil screeching harpies. This genre, provided their unusual actor's showcase, which allowed strut their stuff on the screen again and win a new generation of fans due to its glamorous image yesterday. <br /> <br /> «What happened to Helen," is the last drop of this sub-genre with stunning performances by Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters, as a concerned mother of two convicted criminals who have fled from their past in sunny California, in 1930 to open a school talent, to milk a mother who eagerly want their daughters to be the next Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie gets Fortunately, customers, tango, tap dance and a new love interest (Dennis Weaver at the time Shelley gets Wacko horrific flashbacks threatening anonymous phone calls that threaten strangers that threatens Agnes Moorehead as radio evangelist, cute little shorts (!) and the unfortunate collision with an electric fan (ouch!). <br /> <br /> sloppy script (written by Henry Farrell, the man who started it all with the genre of "What Ever happened to Baby Jane" together with the chief director Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) full plot holes, h yrvonyya herring and missed opportunities that could have made this film great: the main themes of a twisted mother (Debbie and Shelley's characters as "failed mothers" and overbearing mom with a child star) and obsessive female bonding (Debbie and Shelley attitude and the fact that several male characters of this film or sinister or even sleazy Dennis Weaver dream boat Texas) spent. Instead, we get Debbie Reynolds musical interludes and dances of small, but fun to watch too much screen time that is supposed to ka It would be a psychological chiller. But until now, this film is very interesting. The two stars and Curtis Harrington stylish direction easily overcomes its shortcomings. holiday film 1930 is a colorful and elegant (look at the clothes Debbie!) Made from a very limited budget. What is the atmosphere of madness and hysteria really awful with a shocking ending that will haunt you for days. And you would not be easy to forget that stupid «Goody, goody," a song that runs through the film anything. And see more mad Shelley Winters screw each chance Debbie Reynolds fortunately horn look! <br /> <br /> 8 of 10.
