Careful sandwiched between the Stranger, a short film noir picture, which was Wells could make a formidable genre work on budget and on time, and was his biggest box office success in the forties, and Macbeth, budgets nya Shakespeare adaptation shot in the old west, ironically, shets in 23 days, comes a lady with Shangai, a dark film noir is woven from the same cloth that covers the myths Wellesian Magnificent Amberson, MR. Arkadin and any other film director has not managed to save from the clutches of the studio bosses. <br /> <br /> Six years after the Maltese Falcon, a post-war noir madness on in full swing, Wells, always ahead of his time, a true visionary director of great artistic integrity, assumed the labyrinthine world of shadows, which is already darker , more sinister, paranoid and serpentine than all his contemporaries were doing at the time. It is not surprising that the film was misunderstood in its time, to the point that one full hour of video will forever remain in the field of the room, and it was once again Europe that defended it as another classic Wells. <br /> <br /> Some settings of the stand. Aquarium scene with shimmering light and ominous shadows, and, of course, Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors finale, which as a classic piece of Wellesian bravado as any in Citizen Kane or the court. The only drawback I find with the film recklessly Irish accent Wells and possibly some of the unstable editing in the first act. History, however, progressively unfolds in a hypnotic manner that cuts only serves to reinforce. I believe strongly chopped version of Shangai and Ambersons achieve surreal quality on this issue. <br /> <br /> Wells to exile itself in Europe for ten years and come back in 1958 to put another STONEWALL classic, monumental touch of evil, perhaps the crowning jewel of a film noir, which was already in its last days to so far. Shangai was not a box office success of the star car of Prime Hollywood star at the time, Rita Hayworth, should be, and Wells marriage to Hayworth ended before the film was even released. Sixty years later, and one hour of video at least, Shangai is one of the best pictures of the film noir one will probably find. It is known that it is necessary to count for something.
