In New York, marks Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) makes Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from robbery and rape, as she takes a horse & carriage through Central Park and lives to regret it. Titian hair platinum blonde Hayworth in this; so dazzling as fresh fallen snow bottle is not so clean ... <br /> <br /> In order to reveal more about the complex plot in the seminal "noir" would be a crime. It's like a deceptive mirror used to catastrophic effect in the final scenes of the film bottle has a much darker secrets: From the New York Times: "Childhood Shadows: Hidden Story of the Black Dahlia Murder" Mary Pacios "Mary Pacios, who was 5 years old when she befriended a 15-year-old Betty Short, Short traces the steps, interview friends and partners. She also proposed a detailed, if speculative, analysis Orson Welles -particularly in connection with his film "Lady from Shanghai". According to Ms. Pacios, cinema, together with the relevant archival materials, many of the same ritual elements related to the murder of Short It raises the question :. Wells could have been the killer? " Interesting theory, and flow of books is now with «The Black Dahlia», much more may come to light. brutal "film noir" by Fritz Lang, «The Big Heat» (1953), had an affair-and-key Speaking of "Dahlia" murder in the "City of Nets," which was LA bottles is Orson opus that "Dahlia" was "hands -on "connection. in fact, it was Bugsy Siegel (and the crowd's 1940 Hollywood war) that made« Dahlia »in ... but that does not negate the fact that many wrote Pacios. Almost all of Hollywood crossed with Elizabeth ( «The Black Dahlia») and its Short tale / AURA / heritage / curse is encoded in a number of Golden Age movie. <br /> <br /> «Black Dahlia" was always on the peripheral edge of the "Shanghai" -Even, before he started shooting Barbara Payton on Franchot tone:. "It was when he thinks that the" Lady from Shanghai ", before it lost the opportunity to Orson Welles Franchot said he was in a bad state for this transaction when he crashed into the Dahlia. in Formosa cafe * across from the Goldwyn studio ... "* one floor above the Formosa café office was Bugsy Siegel and" Dahlia "is one of his dreams / working again" girls ". <br /> <br /> It is becoming deeper and darker- After one thousand nine hundred fifty-one fight over Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Franchot tone that sent Franchot to the hospital with a concussion and "never say exactly the same," said Barbara, she got marry tone "to spite the Nile". Tom ( "detour") Neil also knew that "Dahlia" (who does not?) And became obsessed- From "the LA Despair" John Gilmore "studzenya 1947 murder of a young, beautiful mountain-actress Elizabeth Short, known as« The Black Dahlia », was one of the most gruesome murders in the annals of modern crime. project entitled "Who killed the Black Dahlia?" was not kicked actor Tom Neal, on-collector of World War II movies Potential producer Gene Harris :. "Someone has to think of a more imaginary business proposition than what was presented to Tom Neal and his cohorts ..." Soon after that, "it would be a very clear one day come when Tom would sneak up on him quite a new wife Palm -Spryngs as she lay on her couch and shoot a .45 bullet in the head. "Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) knowledge" Dahlia "and their stories are well known. It seems everyone who crossed the path to «Dahlia» (like the proverbial black cat) entered into «Twilight Zone" Shadow and / or have had the incredible bad luck string later. Tone / Neal / Wells few -And this includes butchered movie entitled «the Lady from Shanghai» ... <br /> <br /> «the Lady from Shanghai" took two years to be released, thanks to the broad re -editing and all because the Colombian president Harry Cohn could not understand this history. It's dark, "film noir", to be sure, -one of the most dark, actually. This is also a wicked satire on life in a new Timnah century <br /> <br /> Nicholas Christopher :. <br /> <br /> «Shanghai» pushes forward persistent subtext of nuclear apocalypse and make a final noir statement regarding the atomic bomb and the American city. Main victim of the murder of the film ( and there are many), and double-dealing lawyer psychotic, manic provides Armageddon at every step, arguing that he can "feel". he announces that he plans to leave the remote Pacific island -a particularly acid joke by Wells as it was the same year, the United States began testing nuclear bombs in this m estsy, Bikini Atoll, the movement of people and destroying the ecosystem. By that time, bikini, erotic identification Hayworth bomb seems to have been legalized, with the blessing of the military leadership; The first bomb dropped at the site of the Pacific in the name of "Gilda" and has a way of Hayworth, in provocative clothing, painted directly on his body ... »<br /> <br /> Its ironic that Orson Welles a broad interpretation of the Irishman is considered to damage film many Wells gives a clue to the audience that "Michael O'Hara," only the narrator - .. is not part of the story, though it revolves around him, "O'Hara" is contrary to the shark motif throughout the film. Shark feeding frenzy will not stop until there is nothing left. "Michael O'Hara" live to tell. "Elsa Bannister" Feeding Frenzy causes during the trial, "O'Hara" process and its net introductory believes that it is in the cage-so, not to eat human spectators in the Roman Coleseum. viewers are in a feeding frenzy of their own, gossiping and carrying on about «Elsa» -a human aquarium, correlate with the Maritime Museum of San Francisco sequence. It is a human condition ... for "Michael O'Hara" except. And yet he will b e spend your life trying to forget his past ( "Elsa") -or die trying. "Elsa" is part of "by Michael" and the tale eats its own tail, in the end, and the viewer is warned to stay out of trouble.
