The Lady from Shanghai strange even by the standards of his famous film director Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood film that has been for many months. It is a kind of postmodern noir made at a time when more conventional films of this type were very popular, and it concerns a carefree Irish sailor (played by Welles), who falls in love with a mysterious woman (Rita Hayworth, who was married to Wells at the time) and her crippled, and probably impotent husband playing with a brainy, malicious appetite Everett Sloane. Long sea journey worth with Wells in tow, as a bodyguard, and the plot thickens when a law partner, Sloan (Glenn Anders) turns and starts trouble, giving the strange speech of suicide and other sensitive subjects, which indicate that the person is on the verge of mental disorder. Murder plot follows, and any disaster is behind Wells and his employer, and at this moment in history, fuzzy, and said in a slow pace so far out in the deep end, and the last part of the film consists of a brilliant director's set-pieces, which seem I was cast to give a film of the disk and the urgency of its history does not itself possess, and the result is very watchable and often pleasant at all times incomprehensible mess. <, Br /> <br /> It's hard to know what Wells was trying to do with this film, except, perhaps, to resurrect his career in Hollywood, making a car for his wife. But self-destruction intervenes, as it often happens with Wells, and Miss Hayworth never looked less sample. What she also cast as a femme fatale, it seems unusual, because apart from its beauty its most attractive feature as an individual screen was lovableness, the quality it does not have in this picture. The director strange unsightly and unnatural at O'Hare, (allegedly) benevolent man as Wells, for all his many gifts, was not known as an easy person to work with. This is the role that the twenty or thirty years later, Sean Connery and Robert Shaw may have been able to breathe life into. Wells does not. The most interesting performance in the film Glenn Anders as Grisby, crazy, treacherous right partner Sloan. Anders works wonders with the part, and is photographed look strange, while his scene ends on an odd, sour note, and often choppily edited; but all he manages to make psychosis Grisby in sensitive and anxious, waiting in a noble way, the more vivid Method actors of the fifties, such as Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> There is a question that nags me about this film: that Wells was trying to say? He was a very talented and intelligent man, and, as a rule, make a statement in his films, which, according to another with their worldview or not, have been brilliantly put forward. I think I have the answer, or partial: Wells summing up his movie career. He reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood system he despised the studio, and he knew it. The Lady from Shanghai is not exactly flipping the nose in the studio moguls of the day, but I suspect that it is, in a portrait of her immoral competing big shot lawyers (read: the producers), which express the opinion of the leaders of Wells Hollywood. The fact that he presented himself as a rootless brands says. Wells himself was, of course, an avid traveler, and he rarely lived in one place for long. He was hired by the studio to ensure that it is large, prestigious film (Citizen Kane), which caused a storm of controversy, from which he never fully recovered. This may be a question that does not dare to give his name in the film, which is to say, a personal rejection Wells does not receive from the shock of its novelty in the film colony, and its inability to deliver the goods as promised. The very fact of its transformation into Hollywood, how just his presence in the film, can not prevent the disaster far beyond his control. The fact that he presented himself in the film, as the venerable naive foreigner shows a lack of self-knowledge on the part of the Wells. He was much larger than the internal player than he gave, and I think that he despised his knowledge of worldlier aspects of life, and myself for knowing so much.
