It extracts from nine pages «Memo Mr. Kohn Mr. Wells," written after Orson saw the edited version of a studio mogul Harry Cohn's picture (it took an hour to): <br /> <br /> "... Said preview music was written by the first rate composer Antheil. Although not written for our picture general, this is a temporary name of the music was an atmosphere of gloom and threats combined with something spectacular and romantic, which made it acceptable. ..the only musical idea, which seems to have taken place until now composer (Heinz Roemelda) is a pretty tired one to use popular songs - "theme". - how many mechanisms as possible for we have a musical reference. "Please do not kiss me," almost every bridge, as well as more background material pleasant melody, it can do very well on the hit parade - but the lady from Shanghai Sun musical comedy .. .Mr. Roemheld ardent supporter of the old-fashioned type of scoring is now mentioned in our Busines s as "Disney". In other words, if someone falls, it makes a "drop-down" sound of the orchestra, etc., etc ... If the laboratory scratched initials and phone numbers all over the negatives, I could not be more unhappy about the results. .. Just before leaving to go abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, editor) to make the cut, which involves dropping about an accident with a taxi-cab, as well as quite a bit of dialogue. I am convinced that it would be a great slice of ... saving much-needed staff in the slow opening sequence (this was not done, taking into account the opening of the main drawbacks of the drum of the film) ... There's nothing in the fact of diving Rita, to ensure a large orchestral crescendo ... What is important is the beauty Rita ... evil overtones of the proposed nature of Grigsby and surprise Michael. Any or all of these items could have inspired music. Instead, the immersion treated as if it was the main menopause or some pranks point in the Silly Symphony: a complete failure Pluto puppy or a wild leap into space Donald Duck ... There's no sound atmosphere on the boat. Little wind and the water is too small. There's no point in shooting a scene on a real boat, if you make it sound as if it was happening in front of screen process ... At the beginning of the sequence of a picnic ... in a temporary account, we used a very interesting, sexy ... This Latin American strain was replaced with a template "dramatic" extension - Stock bad thing ... This music is destroying the quality of strangeness, which is exactly what could have saved a lady from Shanghai on just another whodunit ... There is a great musical explosion after line Grigsby and, "I want you to kill him." That's absurd ... Ukulele music that comes out of the radio ... was supposed to be quite commonplace to make some satirical point. As it stands now, it is at the same level as the rest of the scoring. No one in the audience could not suspect that we're kidding ... aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please do not kiss me 'it again! ... Bad dubbing work and poor scoring destroyed the character of Michael runs down the pier. From a gunshot through the phone, carefully drawing the vote was built at a rate of a large amount of time and effort. For some reason, it was all charged up in favor of vague sensations. As a result, the entire sequence seems boring ... The audience must feel at this moment, with Michael that maybe they are crazy. New dubbing work can only make them feel that, perhaps, they will sleep ... Shootout with switchable mirrors should not be backed up with music ... music is closing again, reference is made to "Please do not kiss me" ... This finals obvious to the point of vulgarity, and makes countless injury until the end of the picture. »<br /> <br /> All these edits have been ignored by Orson
