As I watched one of the last contributions of Orson Welles in Hollywood as a director, I knew that I was watching a great movie unfold, though sometimes I do not know why. The story in The Lady from Shanghai has simple elements of film noir: the average Joe lead, Femme Fatale, which catch the eye of secondary characters, and clear, if somewhat complicated plot structure. This entertaining trip, and it is filled to the brim Wells unique gifts as a director, but there are scenes that are usually simply will not work, or does not feel complete in that it was Wells full vision (the latter, unfortunately, too true - executive producer Harry Cohn of Columbia and Execs blame for that). <br /> <br /> Welles co-stars with his then-wife, deeply beautiful Rita Hayworth, Mike O'Hara, Irish workers who can not be angry at the right people. Hayworth Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane), which is accompanied by a Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, which has great control in his eyes). They want to sail on a yacht and take a trip to O'Hare, and at first he was reluctant, but agrees, as he falls in love with a married Mrs. unfold their journey, O'Hara said that Bannister and Grisby entirely pleasant to to be around, and even more so with Grisby, which at first glance with its plant. However, as the story unfolds, O'Hara pulled into a scam that Grisby plans for the insurance money, with the results that I did not dare to reveal (although they have been discussed again and others). <br /> <br /> Regardless of the obligations emerge here and there in the mystery of the story (and the few notable moments when shots were dictated by the studio), performance and appearance of the film is what remains after hitting more than fifty five years. Although it does not have the stunning Greg Tolland (Kane DP) on his side, reliable Charles Lawton Jr. Wells helps in creating an atmosphere that is both elegant and austere, covered shadow, deep focus, low angles work. Special achievement is a fun-house mirror of the scene that simply stands out among the others. Wells himself always as a reliable Actor-, even if his accent is not something special- Hayworth and she makes the scene a little more splendid, despite her way in history. <br /> <br /> The Lady from Shanghai is worth checking out, especially for Wells, Hayworth, or film noir buffs (fans of the Coen brothers might find it fascinating as well). It may just take some time, repeat scans (for Touch of Evil), the main motives for conspiring to plunge in.
