After Citizen Kane in 1941, Hollywood executives turned-cob webbed back the great Orson Welles. Except Kane, Welles lost his entire creative control over Magnificent Ambersons, tour of FEAR, and many other films to come. Wells was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional filmmakers when Hollywood needs a little more. The Lady from Shanghai is another example of incomprehensible films Welles at the time, the film, which seems a bit choppy and not free. It has a traditional 1940s room said in the most unconventional way, and I'm sure that some of the scenes were on the floor of the room. Now the legend that Columbia mogul Harry Cohn arose during their initial screening and asked what it was. In retrospect, many of the old old man who worked in the studio then had more than one key to cinematic technique and master the story of Orson Welles' The Lady from Shanghai, and only about great because of their invasion. <br /> <br /> In addition, perhaps the greatest director of all time, Wells was also very helpful as an actor. In 25 years, we all know what he did, as "Charles Foster Kane" is perhaps the most famous character in the history of cinema. Where he lives a rare character dull the mind and not so much mind, something unfamiliar to those familiar with Wells another great job. Instead of spot wise language, he says, with a rough, Irish speech. Rita Hayworth (his unhappy married his wife at the time) played miserably married wife of a lawyer who puts Wales in a spell and is able to engage him in a job that will take it into the limits of deception and disappointment. He's a big lug, which may even have killed a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with a stunning blonde hair) and crippled husband Everett Sloane (Mr. Bernstein with Citizen Kane). Sloan terrible partner along for the voyage across the country to highlight a number of specific events that Wells has a "Michael O'Hara" dizzy. Welles narrates the picture, like O'Hara, but still it is not clear at all. See for yourself and understand that it takes at least two viewings to fully know exactly what happened. <br /> <br /> uncharacteristically amazing courtroom sequence centers around "O'Hare" with Sloane protecting it. It's amazing comedy scene with some unusual ways in the courtroom, including Sloane interrogating himself. I do not laugh here, because the film stalls in this place after the first part, which never gets to take off anyway. By this point, most of the cinematography, filmed some scenes with the ship and skill (Aquarium love scene), but there is no clear line drawing elements, and we, the audience, in. Reportedly, the court scene was re-shot queries against Wells (10 were ordered plans Hayworth), and a self-made song sung sterlet was thrown in at the request of Kono. Insipid assessment infuriated Wells, who once again, what was left of the editing process. Thank Wells himself for the salvation of the film entirely with a tour-de-force ending that will always be treasured. The so-called "Hall of Mirrors" scene brings buff again and again, this is true. <br /> <br /> It must be seen to be believed, and it does a good job of wrapping up some confusing ideas presented. The roar of the mirrors is a disappointment, "O'Hara" and "crazy house" is in itself a masterpiece of art and set decoration. It's more like a state of mind than an actual place and really "crazy", twisting and turning as the picture Dali. This is the perfect ending vicious pattern that, if left alone, probably made AFI's Top 100. Then again, 3 or 4 more than Orson Welles film could have done the whole team of "best of" lists, when he was left alone, to create your own magic <br /> <br /> Note :. Look at Mercury players that is so visible in the paintings Welles. They are popping up all over. Rating: 8 out of 10
