Located in Japan, the story of Ashura Demon taking over the land. The premise is far more complex, but arching story we should not forget. Japan is in despair, the demons that occupy the human form moving land. Generally speaking Demons to look and behave like humans, but it is evil. The Japanese word they use not only the demons, but rather classical form of "man-eater", which is a mythological creature of historical growth. We talk about the creatures that are more like gods than just ugly children eating monsters. <br /> <br /> However, in human form, all that remains green eyes and green teeth, which appear when placed under any stress. In order to save the world from demons have Demon-killers. Qualified and experienced soldiers who can identify the most and win every race of demons, and guarding the passage route between the hell region and that in the real world. These are the basic premises. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in the local town. Against the background of these events, 3 men ride, dressed all in black, seemingly intending harm. Villagers flee, except those that are demonic nature, that turn green-eyed and try to kill them. Demon Assassin eventually kills most of the demons. From here the story gets interesting. The whole essence of the story begins when the gates of hell demon of divination appears before 3 goalkeepers, opening the arrival of Ashura. With it comes the end of the reign of a man, and begins the reign of demons. Ashura however requires some form of maternity process, the first step, which occurred during the opening of the battle, but will be sent to you while you are watching a movie. The 3-demon killer wise old man, a powerful but unscrupulous man, experienced and compassionate warrior. Immediately you can see the split between the two, the old man wants to stop a demon, a powerful one wants to bend them to his ego maniacal desire to increase and the third wants to stop a second. Along the way he meets a woman, he begins to like to take, and considers himself to have a special relationship with. She, in turn, is a thief who is meek, desired by the authorities. When the two finally meet face to face, he puts his hand on her shoulder, and suddenly she scathed indicated on her shoulder. Needless to say that the character is not a good sign. What should be the battle for the land, the struggle between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good in itself. <br /> <br /> The thing for me this film was something different than what I thought it would be. I came in thinking it will be a fast-paced action movie in the style of the demons, or horror grim evil and unclean creatures, the likes of which will be seen in the Ringu and Ju-on. I was, however, made a mistake in the best possible way. History seems to me, is an adaptation of a very old Japanese game, and he plays himself, as, for example, the union essentially drive adrenaline action scenes with a great concept, strange story, and style, which makes you have to think rather than just sit wallowing in gore. Many of the scenes painted an elegant dialogue between the two characters, the likes of which will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. It becomes almost a theatrical experience that takes your breath away. <br /> <br /> The film uses some perfect scenery and camera-work, comparable with many large samurai movies nowadays, but adding to it a well thought out and a classic story. With great acting, great music, and thoroughly stunning scenes, it is necessary to look in my book. <br /> <br /> At the same time, he needs a disclaimer that it is not for everyone. Its not a cheap thrill horror, it is not the balls to the wall action. His style horror game Thats been removed. It has a lot to say and takes the time to do it, flying in the face of the usual jokes. How to play the Japanese exchanges between the characters can last for a few minutes before they came together for a quick yet amazing battle scenes. If you enjoy that sort of thing, it's a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good film is Slasher clicks with a small plot and excessive nudity, then you can easily watch something else. <br /> <br /> In general, this film is a unique and strange one for me, which keeps you focused and entertained. it has good writing, good acting, and good direction. This is all in all a solid big movie.
