I must admit that I am a bit surprised and disappointed in some of the negative comments of this film seems to provoke. I think its great horror / science fiction film. Colonel Steve West (Alex reinforcing) returns to Earth after the historic flight into space on Saturn. While in space, he fell ill with a strange and unknown disease. He wakes up in a hospital bed, he looks in the mirror, and his eyes on his face is melting! Fleeing supervision hospital, he is hiding in some of the local forests surrounding the small town. Unfortunately, he begins to develop a fast growing hunger that can be satisfied only by eating other people. He must eat human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! Stalking human sacrifice, he begins his reign of terror! It to his old friend Dr. Ted Nelson (Berry Debenning) to find him and try to help him. He needs to work alone, as his boss, General Perry (Myron Healey) wants it kept quiet. Nelson could not even tell his wife Judy (Anne Sweeney). However, Sheriff Blake (Michili Alldredge) becomes suspicious as General Perry turns up as well as some of the local residents start turning up half-eaten. I do not understand why this movie gets such negative reviews, people expect? Anyway, I really like this movie. movie star, no doubt, Rick Baker special makeup and dismemberment effects, most of which are superb, and the fact they all prosthetic effects and not waste an awful CGI does not make them even better. Writer and director William Sachs is not afraid to use them either, we get some interesting long long big boom Plan incredible melting man, and they keep very well, even now. Photos, music and direction bit boring, but quite professionally. The script can not create some sympathy for the monster, shots, as he looks longingly at Ted Nelsons house, or if he sees his reflection in a small amount of water and reacts violently. The ending, in a large plant of some pretty grim, so do not expect any happy ending. What surprised me. In addition, the script does not do anything with a precondition, it just goes on melting and murder, with his friend, trying to stop him, maybe a little too simple. Personally, I think that the worst bit of the film closer to the top when the fat nurse escapes hospital corridor in slow motion, her cries as portrayed in slow motion, too, it looks and sounds absolutely ridiculous! You have to see it to believe it! I like this film a lot and recommend it to fans of horror / Sci Fi 70s and 80s. My favorite bit.
