I've always liked the comedy is one of the few ever seriously trying to deal with an annual demand of the US government with respect to taxes. Always read the Tax Code: It is the court to adhere to its several provisions that our congressmen and senators are pushing to help their financial backers and various interest groups. Despite claims that this is true, the tax code is always laid the lion's share of the burden on the middle and working classes, not the rich and powerful. Most of the various special provisions intended for use by - pass on the average in 1040 or 1040A form and look at various investment and businesses, all of which have a different set of rules. Most people will never have any use for them. <br /> <br /> The story here is that a wealthy landowner (Philip Ober) uses its influence to tip off the IRS that his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una dimmed) not paid taxes in 20 years. Baltimore office of the IRS under Fred Clarke, and he clicks on Ober attention to its impact. He sends Tony Randall to check the situation. <br /> <br /> Randall believes that Douglas, the Merkle, and their three girls and two boys are pretty decent people who rarely have the necessary cash (they are used on their farm produce and barter with their neighbors). But Randall, training in the clear (in the IRS) tax code line attempts to squeeze the family to the basics. But gradually Douglas notes that Randall Reynolds loves, and he keeps Randall sidetracking of it makes me sick in the end, it becomes drunk. It also makes it difficult for Randall, having to leave their car engine removed "to repair" of his two sons. <br /> <br /> The plot follows the growing attractiveness and friction between the city, vaguely ambitious Randall, and the countryside, life loving Reynolds. They make a cute couple indeed. In the end, after complaining Ober, Randall is sent back in disgrace and Clark (tougher cookie) gets down to brass tacks. And it comes with a very large number of taxes that may destroy the family <br /> <br /> Douglas film ends. - this is the end happily, but it reminds us that the tax authorities the power to destroy, and that the government is doing too much, go to destruction. Chance in a million reversal save the family, but it is so rare that we know that this is just a dramatic stunt. More realistically, the boss Clark (Charles Lane) cuts on the merits in respect of "aid" for Ober, believing that next year his taxes will be considered more carefully. Thereafter Ober pretty green.
