Many critics are offended that R.W. Fassbinder depicted as the protagonist Wilkie and a Nazi in the film in such a human way. Connoisseurs of other films of Fassbinder, however, to understand that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to the "women's films" Fassbinder, as "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "history can be say much better with women than with men, "because, according to Fassbinder, while men tend to carry out their specific roles in the society," women are able to think in a dialectical manner. "Dialectics, however, means that there is not only thesis and antithesis of his, as a rule, in this black and white world, but the synthesis where opposition coincide Furthermore, the dialectic means that due to the synthesis of a third copy of the absolute opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis canceled Specifically:.. Starting from the point of view of dialect and drawing a fascist state, in the underground should be sure to use the basic tools such as managers do, and between criminals and victims therefore exists chiastic ratio, so that each offender is also a victim, and the victim and any criminal. Fassbinder has illustrated this abstract scheme, which goes beyond the classical logic, in his play «The City, Rubbish and Death" (1975), which was filmed by Daniel Schmid called "Shadow of Angels" (1976). <br /> <br /> Thus, approaching the a priori controversial topic, as Nazi Germany, in a dialectical manner, the image of the present time as the film becomes even more controversial, especially for people who can not or do not want to see that our the recognition of the world is not confined to the primitive schema light switch, but requires a third instance of synthesis, as a control instance its opposite thesis and antithesis. Mutual link between perpetrators and victims should be carefully, because it is simply not the case that criminals are bad and good victim. In the synthetic point of view, bad participate in goodness, how good to participate in harm. They are interrelated. The outlook on the basis of classical logic, the ratio between good and bad is not even been established, and in ethics, based on this lack of system logic, the bad conscience of the survivors of Nazi Germany, the sense (quite illogically), responsible for the deeds of their ancestors, exclude the possibility of communication between the these two extremes, and therefore the synthesis of new estimate based on these relationships, as well. From the dialectical point of view, Fassbinder, it follows that neither Lily Marlene, or Lola or Maria Brown could be sentenced for the "wrong" dominant system for their own purposes, because they do not abuse them, they just use them. In contrast, since the victims have to repeat the actions of the perpetrators as criminals have to repeat the actions of the victims, because "good" and "bad" is no longer simply mirror images of each other, as in the two-valued logic, their strategies are legitimized by chiastic logic structure describing our world it's not black and white in general, much better than black and white logic.
