Until the 1990s, it has never been a film based on Jane Austen's "Emma". Then the two came together in the same year, 1996. Or, if you count 1995's "Clueless," which updates the Austin story in modern American high school, three in two years. <br /> <br /> The main character, Emma Woodhouse, a young lady with a well-to-do family in Regency England. She is financially much better than most of Austin's heroines like Elizabeth Bennet or Fanny Price, and there is no need to find a rich husband. Instead, its main concern seems to be to find a husband for his friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to reject an offer of marriage from a young farmer, Robert Martin, thinking that Harriet should be setting her sights on an ambitious priest, Mr. Elton. This scheme goes disastrously wrong, however, as Elton has no interest in Harriet, but fell in love with the most Emma. The speed with which Emma rejects his suggestion makes you wonder why she was so keen to meet his friend, with a man whom she believed (not without reason) as a bad marriage partner for yourself. This time, the plot of Jane Austen's Emma is less perfect virgin than it seems, and she also finds himself falling in love, which leads to further complications. <br /> <br /> To date in 2008, Kate Beckinsale Hollywood star, but in 1996, despite only a year younger, was not nearly as well known internationally as Gwyneth Paltrow . It is, however, just as convincing as well-intentioned, but often mistake Austen heroine. Beckinsale seems to classic gift for roles- she did a wonderful character in the version of Kenneth Branagh in "Much Ado About Nothing" - and I sometimes find myself wishing that Hollywood could find a suitable role for it rather than spend it on turkeys, as the "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". <br /> <br /> I chose North Mark Strong as the love interest of Mr. Knightley of Emma, ​​mainly because he came closer to my own understanding of nature as a gentlemanly, chivalrous elderly man, in a certain sense more batska- Emma's image than a lover. (His name is probably meant to show his gentlemanly nature-gentlemen of the nineteenth century liked to think of himself as a modern-day equivalent of medieval knights with their complex codes of chivalry). Strong seeks to play down the issue of the difference in age (he is 37, she 21) and Knightley makes a passionate lover and less wise teacher than it does Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress who will go for bigger things), perhaps the closest to Harriet novel than was Toni Collette. <br /> <br /> It was a small-scale version of the two, made for television, but not in the movie, as well as the sets and costumes seem to be less generous and there are less big names among the actors. Costume drama, but as a rule, the fact that British television is doing well, and this version can certainly hold its own with the film version; Both entertaining and well-made version of the Austen novel. 7/10
