MGM filmed on the same sets as in English, but in German, the second drawing with Garbo's "Anna Christie" took the practice and its apparent ease with German dialogue. Garbo seems more relaxed and naturally under the direction of Jacques fader than under the direction of Clarence Brown, and her silent film style has all but disappeared, which made its transition to the sound complete. The strength she brought to the character is still there, although it was mitigated, and Garbo shows more vulnerability Anna. The entire cast, except Garbo, differs from the previous version of the film, and Garbo benefits from not having to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole every scene she was for the English version. In Feyder film in Garbo keeps the focus elsewhere, though three supporting players, especially the father, gave excellent performances. <br /> <br /> Direction Feyder was more confident than Clarence Brown, and his use of the camera and editing techniques do not give up as limited new sound process as those of Brown. The film moves with greater fluidity than the adaptation of the English language, as well as the static nature of the first film has been replaced by a stream which supports the interest of viewers. Even William Daniels cinematography seems to have improved for his pictures of Brown version. He captured luminescence Garbo and atmospherics docks with style. In addition, adaptation scenarios for the European audience made a profession of Anna is absolutely clear from the outset, and explicitness explains to viewers who were not familiar with the game as to what that meant only in the shooting of Brown. However, the film was made in the production code was introduced, which made censorship mysterious. <br /> <br /> Oscar nomination for Garbo's "Anna Christie" has always been somewhat confused, and I suspected that the nod was given in recognition of its still relatively smooth transition to sound films than for its execution. Nevertheless, some of the Academy voters may have seen a version in German film, and they figured out how to be modern audience that her "Anna Christie," under the direction of Feyder was determined Oscar worthy.
