After the introduction of Garbo, to be heard in Clarence Brown "Anna Christie," Jacques Feyder made a German version of the film, where all the cast, with the exception of Garbo, were different. While the American version even available in the US and most American audiences were mostly seen this version, Germna «Anna Christie" is likely to be seen in Europe. I have seen both films, I feel the right to compare the two cohesive production. Is Jacques Feyder film differently? It's better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would like to draw attention first to the fact that both films have in common. They have the same set, the script is very similar and the same scene presented chronologically. Here you will also find a story about a young woman who returns to her father, after several years of absence and tries to start a new life. Here, you also have a sense of humor, though a bit shorter sequence in the amusement park. However, if stressing yourself Garbo, I turn to the first difference. It is not to cause such a curiosity during a call. The viewer concentrates more on its actions than on how it is said that there is likely before 1931 spectators. Garbo was very good in the American film, and it is also very good here. However, to me it seems more sincere in the German version. It should be noted that Garbo focuses entirely on how it is said that the words that much (an effort that has been artificially created sense of: Garbo Talks). Her German is not very well defined; yet no one cares: everyone understands. Thus, I can easily say the same thing I did in my US version comment: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> However, the film differs in one very important question: in the rest of the cast. Here the question arises: which image seem more exciting, that one probably better? Differences filled grades. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), a lifelong friend of Garbo, does a great job as well as the Marie Dressler as Marthy Owens. It is not bad, it is different, sometimes overacts (from today's point of view), but not the present as Marie Dressler, who still entertain us and whose moments quite stood the test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film and this opinion, although it is doubtful, of course, carries some truth. Shall Theo more sympathetically, as Matt than Charles Bickford, but for him, it does not matter so much performance as a mother looks. <br /> <br /> Who shines in German "Anna Christie," which is really worth the most attention Hans Zhankermann as Chris Christopherson, Anna's father. George F. Marion against Hans Zhankermanna as day versus night difference. Junkermann reflects a real addict of alcohol, people with hope, with fears that OVERDOES care of his daughter. The scene of the first meeting of Anna and her father is really great, the opening date of the conversation with Chris Marthy memorable especially because of his facial expressions and flawless execution. Junkermann is Chris, whom you love, that you sometimes laugh, whom you sympathize with, that leaves a picture of calm alcoholic sailor in your mind. Excellent! <br /> <br /> If you've seen the American "Anna Christie" and have a chance to get the German version, I strongly recommend you this movie, because it's a slightly different view of history, good and faithful way of comparison, a fine film of enrichment in Clarence Brown and, above all, a great chance to discover the wonder of performance: Hans Zhankermann years. Skaal or Prost, Hans Zhankermann!
