Gentle Carnot, just before its large period. Although sometimes hesitantly sent, and marred by prolixity, HOTEL DU NORD complete faded charm and beauty of typical French films in the late 1930s, as well as the relative ease of touch with this extraordinary director. All his great virtues here: compressed interior dispersed gliding, sophisticated, elegant camera movements; melancholy deployment of light and shadow; excellent, thoughtful collections Alexander Trauner, so remind us that they, as the name suggests, take the person forming their own; in a quiet location sad music of Maurice Jaubert; seemingly random story about the romance, tragedy and fatalism, which throws a lasso over his characters; unusual performances by some of the greatest players of all time, in this case, Jouve and Arlette. <br /> <br /> In fact, the biggest drawback of the film, and I consider myself to be overwhelmed (as someone usually instructive to minimize its importance), to recognize it, it is its script. It has a lot of wit and sharpness, but without poetry and irony Carnot regular collaborator Jacques Prevert brought his best films, he can not avoid sliding into cliché (even if it's just a cliche in hindsight). <br /> <br /> Ostensibly set in a boarding house, the film poses the idea of ​​an open society with two connecting condemned tales of love and emotional, metaphysical and actual isolation scenario doomed love is one that works equally well. Annabella is very beautiful, but not very good at doing tragically, while callowness Aumont in brilliant way, though it may be, by their nature obtrudes real, felt, romance. Maybe it's just me, but I find it hard to sympathize with the couple, so young, so attractive that, after only a few months, so racked despair that they must shoot at each other. Their bombastic lines rather embarrassing too. Of course, this is not intended to be believable - they symbolize youth, hope and the possibility of being crushed in France, or maybe France itself, desperate, resigned, waiting for death. For characters to be really powerful, they must convince on a narrative level, which, I feel that they're not really here. <br /> <br /> What saves this story is its connection with the history of M. Edmond, a character associated with the great tradition of French gangster. Although we only learn it gradually, he is a murderer hiding, living off a prostitute played by Arlette being dobbed his accomplices. In his previous "roles" - and the theatricality of his position is very important - it was a set of attributes; on the run, he suggested, their antithesis. Life is pretty aimless life, he was deeply shocked lovers Covenant and become fatalistic understanding stupidity, trying to cheat death <br /> <br /> So. - recognition of the fact that one less person than a set of attributes, and that death is the inescapable reality of the most powerful masculinity must resist - Edmond as a romantic prototype clinical killers Melville. With one exception - he gives a brief in the hope misconception that only strengthens - if it is not too much unbearable irony. - his fatal resolve <br /> <br /> All of this would be trivial, if it was not really surprising execution of Juva. I studied his theatrical work in college, but it was my first taste of his screen talents, and he shows himself to be worthy of the great men - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitch, Cotten - gives quiet nobility of the role of a concept (he of course, is an allegorical too) than a real person. Edmond film begins a minor supporting character, but serves as a tragic hero of some force. As with all of these key actors, Juva gloss is that it hides. <br /> <br /> On a formal level, what impresses is grasping Carney, ten years before its heyday, the technician big Hollywood melodramas with Sirk, Ophüls, Ray and Minelli. Despite the fact that his histrionics lacking fluidity and clear eyes the beauty of modern German dramas in Sierck (check masterpieces ZU Noin UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carney style it really matches its theme - a provocation paralysis resignation <br /> < Bro. /> Principle film motif in that water - credit float and dissolve, the hotel stands on the waterway - but instead an open river Renoir opportunities, we have a channel, and a technological stagnation, anywhere. The film begins as it ends, and installation does not change within a short break, from which the two fugitives convicted return to the exception. Characters can leave only through death - their capture underlined by narrow rooms, they occupy the walls and frames that hold them captive, facing windows to escape, they will never achieve. Any hope in the end, so deep, if romantic, compromised.
