Perhaps the most popular achievement Master director Chen Xiaodong is this series, Chinese Ghost Story 1-3. Chinese Ghost Story Leslie Cheung stars in the distant past in China as a tax collector, who is forced to spend the night during a "gathering trips" in a mysterious castle, where some strange old soldiers to fight and to meet with him. The beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is a ghost who lives in this castle, and is dominated by a powerful demon, wood devil who collects souls for herself / himself with the help of their finest spirits. Leslie and Joe fall in love, and even if the ghosts can not live with the people, they decided to break this rule and live happily together for the rest of your life. This is not what the devil thinks a tree, and our protagonists must fight for their lives and their happiness. <br /> <br /> This film is not less than enough magic than other films of Ching Siu Tung. His masterpieces include the duel to the death (1983) and a series of swordsmen, all of which have incredible visual effects and kinetic energy into his scenes. Ghost Story full of brilliant lightning and dark atmosphere, which lighten the strong presence of beautiful and well-finished ghost. The effect is simply breathtaking and will work on them the greatest power in the big screen. The camera moves and cool all the time, and it adds to the atmosphere of fairy tales this film. There are many wire'fu tricks as well, and although some people think that they look gratuitous or silly if used in films, I can not agree and think that they are giving the movement reflects a kind of magic, freedom and creativity any other tool can not give up when people fly in these films, it means that the movie is not only about our world, and they usually draw things larger than life with the power of the larger-than-life art form. <br /> <br /> The story about the power of love is very touching and warm, but the problem (again) that the characters are too shallow and inexplicable act of time. Leslie and Joe must have been written with great care and their characters should be even warmer, deep and true in order to give greater force stories and thus make the film even more characteristic and important achievement. Furthermore, the love and the power of his message stressed too much in one place, and it should be left only to the viewer to interpret the mind and found. Another negative aspect of the dialogue, it is too much, and people talk in this movie for no reason. This is very annoying and, unfortunately, shows the shortcomings of many writers tend to do when they write their films. People just talk and talk, and it's all there just to make everything as easy to understand as possible, and so the film is not too complicated or plausible, as is the grant element. Just think of the films of Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitano; his films have very little dialogue, and all have everything you need, as he says, it means things other film and never says or does other characters talk too much in his films. It's just a talent writers must have in order to write great scripts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, Chinese Ghost Story is very beautiful and visually breath taking piece of oriental cinema, as well as the song that plays in the film is very beautiful, and I hope gained some reward in the Hong Kong Film Awards then. I give Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without the disadvantages mentioned above, it is, without doubt, be an almost perfect masterpiece of fantasy genre.
