Joan Fontaine is quite convincing as immoral beauty that is completely incapable of feeling love for anyone but yourself. Her husband (Richard Eu) lost all his money through a combination of its folly and its extravagance, and they are reduced to living in a small room with little or no prospects. They continue to put on the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize, as if nothing was wrong. He is magical, shapeless, but quite respectable fellow. However, Fontaine decides that he must go, he outlived his usefulness. So she decides to poison him when she realizes that he does not want to divorce, so that she can move on. It was at this time a mistress (Patric Knowles), she decides to give up, because he is not rich either. She meets the aging Herbert Marshall, having a boat with all the trimmings and more money than even Fontaine could figure out how to spend. It is targeted him and decides that he will do nicely. He tries too hard to be eaten young beauty. He, of course, is not very interesting, and has as much sex appeal as an omelet yesterday. But Fontaine is one of those girls who has eyes only for the money, and the man standing between her and transparent, so that she does not even notice, do not care how it looks, she looks at him and see that she really wants and goes after it. She continues to poison her husband, and sends it very carefully and satisfactorily, so that everything goes well. But, as always happens in the movies, and sometimes even in real life, some unexpected things start to go wrong, and the tension rises markedly, so Fontaine begins to sweat. Fontaine particularly good looking and clever horror, and as the network begins to approach her, her growing sense of desperation is palpable and we at the edges of our seats. Hysteria and fear take over from the cold calculation and cunning. But it is the fall guy for his crime in the face of her dropped a lover who is the innocent victim of her scheme to install it. He was sentenced to death for murder, because the death of her husband poison surfaced unexpectedly. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, playing grimly determined by the Scotland Yard inspector thinks may be something amiss, and begins to doubt the stories and the suspect Fontaine. It closes on it, and some of the scenes, as it is inspired by the way the greatest representation of panic. But would an innocent person's life to be saved before it will be executed? Fontaine will worm its way out of this? Herbert Marshall will protect it, to protect it a fad? This film skillfully directed by Sam Wood, and the film does a great thriller, which I guess qualifies very well to describe a superior film noir.
