I just consider this a big soft parody of Night of the Living Dead, and I must say that it was so terribly commonplace and so it was great. This film includes all the antics and scenery of the arrows, the original was including cemeteries, supposable abandoned house, the basement and the front lawn. What I particularly like about this movie, comic use of bread and all the usual household enemies bread has a grudge against. Come on, we know that toasters, toaster ovens and postal locks made bread by dozens of times, and now we have to call for their help to defeat the revived bread. Besides cheap action and voice-overs, this short horror film parody of my favorite nights of the living dead, even better than the Night of the Living Dead 1990 <br /> <br /> I think that makes this film worth watching, as the writers and directors We use all the dialogue from the original film, and revolves around bread, including as bread became reanimated and avoid residues, as they are particularly dangerous. Another reason why I like this film is that it is not an exception as to what is evil bread, bagels and even evil communion evil that demonstrates gay scenes involving and speaker rather monotonous priest. I think the actors are particularly humorous performance of the case, to be viscous attacked a slice of bread (ie scenes of the car). I think that the end is very worth sticking around. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that it is short and "Night of the Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride Return Revenge of the Terror attack Evil, Mutant, alien, Flesh Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2- D »is controversial is another great parody, it is still recommended as a great parody of horror made that seem to college filmmakers, I highly recommend this film to anyone who is able to make fun of Night of the living dead and still respected filmmaker . I would also recommend this film to anyone who loves D-movies and horror parody, it's just a great little film short horror that is fun to watch and learn.
