Looking at the sea has been an interesting experience of the film. First of all, the general feeling was intense, mastered, claustrophobia, and little. Each frame seemed photograph something inside, something is very focused and is not part of a larger picture. It was obvious that we had to look at every frame. of the set of material contributed to this sense of smallness and intensity. The light in the middle of the road cut in half way, and tiny doors in a tiny village, followed by a tiny and several cubbyholes, which served as institutions that were part of what appeared to be the entire city. Even the view of the ocean framed by the tiny landing, where you can count the number of longer grass swaying in the wind. Many panoramic views. In fact, it reminded me of Montmartre Moulin Rouge sequence where the camera focuses with a flourish and a mill, again creating a sense of a small square, where everything happens. <br /> <br /> While the action was bearable, considering I really could not see how the lines were actually delivered, I felt that the actions were overly melodramatic and pointless. Why Kikuno will continue to carry on the way she did when Fusanosuke announced the upcoming wedding really did not seem to really ?? people have changed greatly, and the nature of Kikuno was so strong and resilient that even if they were employed by O-Shin case to no avail, the reaction seemed out of character and unnecessary and distracting. Another example of an odd action was when a drunken boyfriend Kikuno manifested and Ryosuke decided to intervene and pushed down the stairs, the way in which he stood up and walked threateningly toward the stairs and walked out of the fight among the reeds was just unsatisfactory, It was not I love the fight scenes ?? AI contraire ?? but it seemed a bit unnatural and again, too dramatic. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, not a beautiful film to watch, which gave an interesting glimpse into the dark side of prostitution (in contrast to the geisha). Unfortunately, it may be that he goes to our expectations depraved women (the "honey ?? I'll give you a deal," comments supported action overwhelmed) and made me seriously doubt whether the prostitute is actually the 19th century really acted in this way, but once inside the house, the inner workings were the most interesting, vivid and real, and provided a script that I never expected or imagined in my romantic as Japan in the 19th century.
