«Umi in miteita» ( «Sea watching") was a swan Kurosawa to film his adaptation of the story of its approval novelist Shugoro Yamamoto script he intended to be his last film was the sign he left a brilliant career. Director Kei godfather pays tribute to both Kurosawa and Yamamoto in presenting this visually stunning transformation of the word to the image. <br /> <br /> Set in nineteenth-century Japan, the story explores the lives of women geisha house, the only purpose in life is to make money pleasuring men. The house is run by an elderly couple who are noble and geisha are magical group of women who know their trade and are proud of their career. Each of them has a reason for turning to the geisha life. Oshin (Neyzhiko TOHO) supports his family, living in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has customers both good and bad, which she manages to maintain her tales of her higher caste. Oshin friendly prone danger samurai falls in love with a gentle guy, only to discover that he should not enter into marriage with their caste and leaves his pleasure with Oshin promised to marry his betrothed. Oshin heart bruised easily, but always supported emotionally and physically / in monetary terms by Kiku and other geisha. <br /> <br /> Beautiful Samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagas) Oshin comes to life and develops the first trusted and committed relationship with her. Kikuno plagued by problems, to decide whether to accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry her, and to cope with the rich, but insulting customers. All this time in the sea and looks like a typhoon destroys the geisha house and street, and Oshin Kikuno sit on the roof, waiting for the promise of salvation by Ryosuke. The order in which the story ends is one of sacrifice, love and devotion. . The sea looks and find protection of true love <br /> <br /> pictures Kaego Okuhara breathtakingly beautiful: Night scene with glowing lanterns and colorful interiors geisha compared with recurring glimpses of the sea and calm, act a little stressful for Edo art, but the characters are well set up and keep a history of trust. One distraction, which is definitely not something that Kurosawa would connivance is sticky western music account, which is like a cheap soap opera filler for the individual moments, when the real Japanese music on authentic instruments of grace tracks except. But in the end, have enough influence Kurosawa impregnate the film with his brand of fantastic miracle that will always maintain its value on world cinema. grady Harp
