Ahh, yes, all the stars of the blockbuster. Take the so-so concept, stuff it into a script and load it down with each Freakin 'effects that the Wizards Hollyweird can conjure up and then rounded up the usual suspects: hot-and-comers, has-beens, wanna-be's and never wuzzes and stick them all in the ensemble of the role of various sizes in front of unforgiving eye of cameras. Gawd I hope, that some of them are not too old to remember their lines. <br /> <br /> Leave Bishop Box Office to apply the concept of horror films in the past, as it was in the case of post-exorcist thriller hour. Novelist Jeffrey Konvits decided to try and Rosemary's Baby scenario one-Il Levin terrible (and ultimately, satanic) neighbors in the brick New York. The result was a controversial bestseller that some claimed bordered plagiaristic, and just as controversial, top-heavy / star-laden car co-written and directed by Winner Death Wish Michael, but for many different reasons anxious. <, Br /> <br /> Christina Raines (Nashville) plays a successful model Alison Parker, who largely super-stressed and more processed, (I will not add "overpaid." I mean, she is a model, so it would be redundant), and not just the 24/7 schedule, also on her insistence "want-to get married- right-NOW» boyfriend Michael (Chris Sarandon from canine noon and classic SOB.IG LIPSTICK film). One of the ways she decides to try and move away from it all, to go to his own place; big, beautiful Brownstone in Manhattan, which she is able to get the money (which was a big red flag - cheap property in New York), a mysterious hold broker Miss Logan (Golden Age screen vet Ava Gardner, fresh out of the storm water drain in the earthquake .) <br /> <br /> things seem fine at first, but oh yes ... then comes the noise and loud banging from the apartment upstairs at night. And what about the really strange neighbors like Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (very early Beverly D'Angelo), the glorious "single friends" (read: gay), who live together, and kindly old Mr. Charles Chazen (pretty awful Burgess Meredith ), which seems to be a little too concerned about the welfare of Alison? And that's not to mention the various other squirrel roommates (You will never hear the phrase "Black and white cat, black and white cake" again, not wanting to laugh milk through your nose and possibly vomiting at the same time.) Especially the old blind priest lives in the penthouse ... <br /> <br /> The speeches are really starting to go down when the ghost loaded nightmare morpheme Ellison in a terrible murder (in one of the underwear staining film scares), and both Alison and Michael, with some help from BFF Allison Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), begins to puzzle pieces that reveal a dark Koran and Brownstone, as well as killing the program its otherworldly inhabitants, not to mention the connection Ellison them that as it turns out is not accidental. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that there is nothing contradictory about the crowded cast that seems to show that each actor a variety of genres in search of work at the time, (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, MartsinBalzamu, Eli Wallach, John Carradine, and even early appearances by Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) The winner and the company went back to basics and pulled arrogant "Browning" ... bringing real life physically challenged actors to appear in all the top-and- all-is-in-hell guard sequence, which I think any assertive and Hector will do, being unable to gain access to the case of Linda Blair and green pea soup. It will definitely leave you with the Arctic your fingers to play the spinal cord as the zither, knowing that this juicy little tidbit of information, as you see. And it really shows that the technique of film-makers have just begun to return recently to live on the set of makeup and special effects that are not related to CGI, <br /> <BR (yaki was largely non-existent tady.) /> sight that kitsch, in the late seventies cheese factor, but still manages to distinguish itself from time to time with some breath induces moments like the one mentioned above, not to mention that sickening feeling of fear that horror writers find it easy to play on, isolation, and things that go Bompa-and-cry in the night. In the end, the fact that living unambiguous In- because of the big city people are not lying in bed in the dark and listened attentively to the sounds that they hope is a "settlement building?» <br /> <br /> Konvitz followed hour with the inevitable sequel, guardian (not to be confused with William Friedkin supernatural thriller namesake), which has never been adapted for the screen. = = A sigh of relief
