I do not know why this little film was banished into the unknown, because, in spite of some pretty silly goings on; The sight is a clever and resourceful horror film, which gives the most appreciated ghosts today more than run for their money. Michael Winner has admitted many times that he is not the best director of all time, and that makes it shine in a number of cases with this film; but it must be said that the film works in spite of this uninspired direction, and the fact that the winner somehow managed to round up just amazing acting talent more than makes up for it. The plot is rich in mystery, and begins with a focus on Alison Parker and her hunt for an apartment. She believes that she can not afford most of the properties she was looking at, but thinks her luck changed when she finds a fully furnished apartment at a reasonable price. Her problems begin shortly after moving in, as it does not like its neighbors is very much ... and this problem increases if the property broker tells her that she has only one neighbor; an old blind priest on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The list of the cast is really great, with a relatively unknown Christina Raines led the actors a lot of support. Chris Sarandon bit wooden in his role opposite Raines, but the fine details for such John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, to name but a few more than compensate for the lifeless way Sarandon. Michael Winner does a good job with its central location, since apartment unit provides a horrible and grim setting for stories. The film is a bit slow to start, but it is never boring; and Michael Winner Scenario provides surprisingly, it is almost impossible to guess from the offset, which is certainly to be commended. Like many other similar slow-burning horror, this one is not for the money shot early - but unlike many, the end of a certain climax, as the winner out of all the shock the viewer, and if the rumor that he used real human oddities accurately; I must say that he is doing a very good job of it! Overall, while the film may be a pure scam, depending on how you look at it; Caretaker is one of the best films of its type, and it is certainly the most important event for its directors.
