Function director / writer Michael Winner is better than expected, a strange supernatural horror film (though still schlock effectively served basis), which is really on the go unnoticed. Of course, it can borrow ideas from other similar themed horror films of the period, but still manages to bring your own psychological imprint on hinge material (good and evil), and unique vision that has a fair share of strongly expansive when several exploiting set-pieces. In general, schematically, however, it remains an intriguing, ominous charge of planting without going Fighters gang panic. In fact, there is always something going on in the noisy box, but it is more down to play with his punches Sun steering patterns and atmospheric sewing soap, until his bright repellents and terrible climax pessimistic discovery. removed skill winner may feel a pedestrian, but this ensemble cast that really holds it together ?? as you try to find the person. There are many, too. Some have more in common with the scheme of things than others, but there is no doubt that each of them is committed, despite the ridiculously crude nature of it all. It is interesting to see names like Sylvia Miles (who is much goose bumps!), Beverly D'Angelo (also), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (neat cameo), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger in bit parts . Then you've got a good-natured Chris Sarandon and disturbingly beautiful Christina Raines in leads. Offering the ability to support Jose Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The script makes a lot of scattered symbols and concepts, but gets awkward elbows, trying to squeeze everything out of it. However, it confuses the air running in his favor in the establishment of suspicion and deceit that is really going on here. There's a reason for all this, and why it is the nature of the surrounding Raines? The emphasis is mainly built on the corner of a gloomy, he slowly begins to shed light of its internal and departures from that amazing / anxieties she faces when she moves into her new apartment. This is where the winner is trying to pull a terrible shadow, which projects some icy moments. Gil Melle was the person responsible for the main, the vast score, who never misses ki and Richard S. Kratina tools sweep, scope, like photographs.
