It happens to one of my favorite horror movies. This rich, stylish production boasts an excellent throwing ensemble of actors, beautiful on-site cinema, which has a musical accompaniment, clever and a new plot, theme and atmosphere of fear and threat. This is reminiscent of such classic films as Rosemary's Baby and shine, in which young, impressionable women are victims of supernatural forces in old buildings with a horrible horrible past. Here CRISTINA Raines plays a top fashion model in New York on behalf of Alison Parker. Her happy, outgoing external masks deep contradictions and restless soul. This is evidenced by the discovery that in her past, she attempted suicide twice- once as a teenager after a walk in her degenerate parents jumping in bed with two women and his derail silver crucifix from her neck and throw him to the floor, and the second time, after his wife, married lawyer boyfriend allegedly committed suicide over the investigation of their cases. Telling her boyfriend (played by Chris Sarandon corresponding mucous) that she has to live on their own within a year or so, it is responding to a newspaper ad for a completely furnished, spacious one-bedroom apartment in the old Brownstone Brooklyn Heights. This building actually exists, and is a 10 Montagu Terrace is near the Brooklyn Heights Promenade Remsen-offs Street. Producers actually shot inside the building and his apartment, the residents pay for their inconvenience, of course. real estate agent, Ms. Logan (Ava Gardner), seems to be very interested in that, by Alison Apartment- catch the interest, which can not only be explained by a 6% commission, she will earn. Especially if it falls rapidly price of $ 500.00 per month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees to and exit from the building with Ms. Logan says an elderly man sits and probably looks at it from the top floor window. Miss Logan identifies the man to her as a father and Halliran by Alison says, that he is blind. The answer is very Alison logic "Blind? Then what did he look?" After moving to Alison meets some of the other residents in the building, including a lesbian couple, played by SYLVIA MILES and Beverly DAnzhelo providing Alison uncomfortable with the reception to the building. Alison mental health and physical well-being will soon begin to deteriorate, and she suffers from headaches and fainting. If it passes its concern to Ms. Logan about her bedtime disturbed at night by the clank of metal and loud footsteps coming from the apartment directly above it, she is stunned to cope Xia that, but blind priest and now she, no one lived in the building over the past three years. After gathering the courage one night to confront her night tormentor, she of the levers of the butcher's knife and a flashlight, and enters the apartment upstairs. It faced with cancer is riddled with the ghost of his dead father and uses the knife at him in self-defense when he comes for her. Police are investigating and finds no signs of violence that does not Apartment- nO corpse, no blood, nothing. However, by Alison left the building and collapsed on the street, covered with blood-brain of its own, as it turns out. But nary a mark on her. What Alison Nia does not understand the denouement of the film is that it was in the brick has a purpose. She was put there for a Reason-cause, the origin of which goes back to the biblical story of the Garden of Eden and the angel Uriel, who was located at the entrance to guard it from the devil. She goes out of ignorance primed and aimed the Catholic Church to take the most important role-the one that will ensure that her soul, which is cursed for her two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors who are more than just a quirky eccentrics, have a different agenda in mind for her. This competent and reasonable to make the film, and one that reflects a strange church and its representatives mostly sympathetic light.
