This horror film based on the novel of the same name, flawed production and gusty, recreational area, but it is nevertheless strangely compelling. Unlike shocker of horror movies such as The Exorcist, the film takes the viewer on a slow yet relentless evil in swimming pool. He drifts into the horror that envelops the audience with the same dreamlike slowness, as it envelops the poor girl, who had unwittingly chosen to be a number of patrol. She was assigned the task to sit at the gates of hell and prevent the evil has grown in the world. It gives her atonement for her suicide attempt earlier in his life. <br /> <br /> The history of the truth of the book, which was riveting, but the way it is edited may lose the audience. There are subtleties in the plot, which shaved off and never satisfactorily explained that hurts this film. Sorry. Sight is not the edge of his seat type click; it's more to watch-and-squirm uncomfortably. Like a bad car accident, there are compelling to watch, even when it becomes unbearable. This movie is not all that bad, and still has the ability to shock. <br /> <br /> Cast competent. Christina Raines was charming as by Alison, vulnerable girl in the spiritual attacks of both sides, pawns in an endless battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good as its care, but ultimately, a self-centered one. Eli Wallach and very young Christopher Walken are detectives trying to solve the riddle of amazing they were transmitted. Ava Gardner elegant as the agent does not know the horrors lurk in its ownership in the lease. Skinny old John Carradine, with his arthritic hands twisted, beautiful as caretaker dies, to be replaced. The devil plays a magical perfection Burgess Meredith; he is so cute and yet so evil. There are future stars are hidden in this movie: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum, as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach successfully plays against type as a director of TV jerks. Damned souls are drawn at the end of the real sideshow freaks and geeks. Anyone who thought that to do so was twisted but brilliant genius. <br /> <br /> The horror that penetrates the film bubble suddenly, for example, when Alison opens the door and finds something that causes a flashback to when she discovered that her father with two hookers. It is once again facing his first suicide attempt, his face strangely dysfunctional couples lesbians, and sees the cat cut like a cake. Again and again, they jerked back and forth through the reality and fantasy, through dreams and waking nightmares, constant lack the means to cope with the situation. In fact, the devil tries to control her enough with the mind to kill himself, before becoming the next to stand guard. Will it be a success ...? In general, however, slowly move indescribably awful, worked well, but badly directed, and a very typical 70-horror film before these tabloids separate. (No pun intended) This movie may not work for those who have a short attention span, but it may still send a shiver up the spine, and can still provide some discreet impact value. It's still strange convincing and interesting dive into the kingdom of evil.
