Michael Winner, probably best known for his revenge themed movies such as "Death Wish" and "Earth in Chato," but he's also a gifted director occult horror movies such as "The Sentinel" in 1977 proves. "Guardian", which is based on the novel by John Konvitz, who also wrote the screenplay, clever and very terrible religious chiller that no fan of the occult horror should not be considered missing. The film is clearly inspired by the success of occult classics such as "Rosemary's Baby," "The Exorcist" and "The Omen," but as far as I'm concerned, it's as easy as anxious as the wider acceptance of films, and probably even terrible. <br /> <br /> Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) beautiful young model New York. Traumatized by the events in her past, and it is not yet ready to marry her lawyer boyfriend (Chris Sarandon), Allison looking for an apartment, and finds a large, incredibly good friend, who is also available, in an old mansion in Brooklyn. New apartment, however, comes along with a bunch of other strange inhabitants. And the sinister new neighbors will soon become more than a little annoying Alice ... This may not be an adequate synopsis of the plot, but I would not want to spoil any of the great moments of this film, so I will not give any further description of the plot . What I will say, however, is that the "Guardian" is a very creepy and effective film, which benefits from a large cast, and how often bizarre and constantly eerie atmosphere. The fact that the director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as the manufacturers are, of course, had an impact on the result. The film imaginatively photographed, and creepy old mansion Brooklyn is a fantastic place for this kind of film. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is not clear and the slider, and the film also includes several shock and these moments of panic. The film is full of sinister and eccentric characters, and the cast is excellent. Beautiful Christina Raines great in her role as Alison Parker, honey, and even on the threshold to the loss of her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good, like her boyfriend, a successful lawyer, and the supporting cast includes many big names such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger, before becoming really famous. The cast also includes star as Ava Gardner, John Carradine Horror icon, Burgess Meredith, and, my personal favorite, great Eli Wallach, as a cynical detective. I was a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, mainly for films such as «Death Wish" and "Land Chato in." "Guardian" is another great movie in the repertoire of the winner, as well as proof that the person is not only a master-boiled revenge movies, but horror and atmospheric occult. In general, the "Guardian" is terrible, clever and wonderfully strange occult chiller, it is highly recommended to all fans of horror!
