Sigh ?? I sincerely wonder why all declared and allegedly profound film critic to keep this anger against filmmaker Michael Winner? Of course, it is not the embodiment of grace, as well as his films are almost always hard hands and confrontation, but what? They are terribly entertaining. His best-known action movies, as well as the first three entries in the series of order «Death Wish», for example, clobber easy targets because they allegedly glorifying violence and make personal use of guns, but even then, when the winner takes on a much more mature movie genre ?? as religious horror "guard", for example ?? he has no chance of any of the critics. "Guardian" generated some controversy and enraged a few people after his release, when it was leaked that Michael Winner cast really distorted and people with disabilities, to reflect things that are trying to cross the gateway between hell and earth. Quite exactly the same controversy has caused a masterpiece and a landmark of Todd Browning's horror movie "freaks" to be banned and unseen for more than thirty years! And why? Just because some prim and easily offended by people who do not watch the movie in the first place, argue that it is unethical thing to do? I do not think Michael Winner or Browning had the man at gunpoint and forced them to appear in his films, so it allows us to feel uncomfortable in their place? Another important reason why the critic warm welcome "Sentinel," because Jeffrey Konvits novel "?? and thus, Michael Winner scenario ?? hugely derivative of other modern, but much more successful religiously themed horror story, and therefore, in accordance with the ruthless pen horror critics, a little more than pure plagiarism. True, the "Guardian" takes a few essential elements to the "Rosemary's Baby," "The Omen" and "The Exorcist", but let's face it, 70 cinema largely thrives on stolen formulas and success stories that mimic. If you miss a little unoriginal concept and, in all fairness, a few carefully confusing and unnecessary sub-plots, "Guardian" honest is still only in the atmosphere, and often downright in stone 70-horror flare to the impressive ensemble cast and nightmarish images you 're probably will not forget easily. <br /> <br /> Alison Parker, a beautiful model with some untreated trauma, moves in a stunning apartment in Brooklyn sandstones deeply against the will of his friend Michael, who offered to marry her several times. Allison physical existence, and especially her mental state change dramatically soon after and sinister apartment seems to be the root of all suffering. She meets eccentric neighbors and attends birthday parties for their cats, even though the hostess says she and the blind priest the only inhabitants. She often loses consciousness during her work tasks and has a really terrible visions of his bastard father and the night she tried to commit suicide. He slowly becomes clear that Alison has been chosen to serve a higher purpose supernatural inside the dwelling, but at the same time malignant forces try to prevent it. It's really sad, like an advertising slogan and even a brief overview on the back of the DVD panel immediately shows that Brownstone apartment Alison is the gateway to the Earth to the hell and she chosen to guard it, because the script of the film slowly builds up in this direction shocking discovery. For nearly 75 minutes (and some unfortunately tedious and debts sequences) Michael Winner has successfully supported the impression that Allison own mind playing tricks with it, and that the participation of the Catholic Church and the strange behavior of the groom are strictly red herring. Multiplicity horrific scenes comes pretty close to genius as flashbacks Alison or her first encounter with the priest at the top. All culmination controversial guest appearances, mentioned here above, is just embarrassing showcase of pure terror, and easily one of the most memorable and nail gnawing isolation I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> cast Michael Winner managed to collect deeply impressive, especially considering the "watchdog" is still a legitimate horror film genre and this is not the most popular among famous actors, but of course, you also have to put the throwing listing a little perspective. With such an extended throw, obviously a number of roles in the film is little more than a cameo. Martin Balsam and John Carradine, for example, appear only on the screen for a few minutes together. A few others (eg, Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger), maybe add a lot of fame in the movies nowadays, but back when it was released, they were still too unknown, to attract curious onlookers. My personal choice for the best performances are in Burgess Meredith as the weird neighbor and Eli Wallach, as a satirical police inspector. Relatively unknown Christina Raines does an excellent job carrying the film and Chris Sarandon gently support it, despite the fact that it sports a funny mustache. In my humble opinion, "The Guardian" is a surprisingly interesting and scary horror film, and is most definitely a must see for the real fanatics of the genre.
