This is the first of two parts of the background of the conflict between the machines and humanity in the world of the matrix, and this provides an impressively combining observations on the human fear of the unknown and usurps with the policy, a broad religious and historical imagery, undermining the expected portraits of actors involved and at least partially credible and the most horrible vision of our near future. He is not perfect, and some of the plot and images at once obvious and far-fetched, but it has the desired effect and the impact and tells the visceral, and a cautionary tale <br /> <br /> This is the first part sets the scene. - human societies have developed a cutting-edge and capable robot, humanoid mainly to serve the people to do the rough, unskilled jobs, work, construction, etc., and thus the population becomes lazy and derogatory towards them. one robot, however, the rebels and kills its owner, with an indication of his next court that he did not want to die. it will be destroyed, but if the destruction of the robot masses ordered to protect mankind from many bots are raised in protest, with a large number of people who sympathize with them. <br /> <br /> exploiting imagery here, listing the race riots and abuse, Tiananmen Square, the Holocaust and overly provocative robot in human form of the scene the girl gets hunted, slaughtered in the head and then shot and killed as he prays, "I'm real." He lies on the ground, clothes and skin torn and hanging breasts. it is obvious and obscene image is designed to present the human fear of the uncontrollable element and aggression toward groups based on the actions of individuals. <br /> <br /> In any case, the first part is very similar to a compressed version of the movie I Robot, but soon develops into a certain Matrix prehistory as a robot survived contingent exiled and congregates in the Middle East, in the carriage of civilization, as the narrator informs Deputy. there, the machine is to regroup and begin producing new AI and mass produce the technology and trade human nations. we see an advertisement for a car that uses a circular energy hover engines that rebel ships in the movie use, and we see a robot-type hour flyby Zero One, the name of your city. their goods and trade to their economies soar affects other economy adversely and human governments and authorities to establish the blockade in response. Machinery send an ambassador to Adam and Eve's similarity to the UN Convention negotiations on a peaceful settlement of the blockade, but they are forcibly removed, and the scene is set for the war in the second part. <br /> <br /> Animation Studio 4 ° C, running on very few of the Animatrix, and that the memories and visually stimulating, making various scenes as shooting installation, CCTV and individual scenes footage import distinctive and generally representing the perfect story . the story may not be the original concept, and it can rely on simplistic mentalities sheep and models of scene and addresses provocative materials for the blow, but after a tantalizing mystery proposed in the first film and Morpheus vague summary, landfills is good exposition of catastrophic events who left the world ravaged and in the hands of machines, which serves as a warning and as a vehicle for many of the observations and comments of the human condition, the development of II and the importance of harmony and cooperation between the Republic but also the devastating effects of conflict and prejudice, especially in expanded cinema.
