It was the first thing that came to mind when I was watching the closing credits Europa do it was on the screen, I have never seen a movie of such a technical genius, video from Europe so impressive in his life, that any film I watch this It should only pale in comparison to forget Michael Bay, Ridley Scott slick Hollywood film industry, Europe has a more ethereal beauty than all the two can conjure up in a million years. Now I'd be the first to welcome Lars von Trier genius in the vicinity of the back of his films Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, but this is nonsense, the fact that Europe has gone unnoticed by the experts of the film for so long is a crime against cinema, while overpriced garbage like Crouching tiger and life is beautiful wash academic awards (but that do not know) Europa is been hidden, there is no form of video shops and (until recently) any British TV channels. <br /> <br /> visual in Europa are not MTV gloss; it is not a case of style over substance, it more a case of substance dictation style. Much like his first film elements of the offense, von Trier uses the perspective of the protagonist, to draw us into their world, and in the same way as an element, the film begins with the main character (or in the case of Europe, we viewers) hypnotized. As you move down the track, the voice of the reader (Max von Sydow) considers us down into a deep sleep, until we wake up Europe. This allows the von Trier and his three filmmakers to pay for the conventions and the time of shooting, there are many scenes in the Europa is, when the character in the background that is in black and white, will interact with the person in the foreground, which will be the color, Von Trier tries show us how seniority colored object or person is not more than the area, for example, it is not surprising that the first shot, Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) in color, since it is the only WHO action figure have an advantage over the film. <br /> <br /> The performances are good, they can not be on the same level with the projections in the later films of von Trier, but it's only because the images are sometimes so distracting that you do not really pick up on them the first time round . But I would like to mention fantastic performance, Jean-Marc Barr in the title role, whose blind idealism slow down to prevent the two opposite sides, until it erupts in movies final act. Again, stuff like criminal elements, the film ends with our hero can not wake up from his nightmare state, left in this terrible place, but with the continuing stories von Sydow to seal his fate. Europe is a great movie, and I can not help thinking what a shame that von Trier abandoned this way of shooting, since he was obviously one of the most talented visual directors working at the time, Europe as well as the rest of his cinematic guns filled with an abundance of iconic scenes. His commitment to the composition and mise en scene is second to none, not to mention its use of sound and design. But as it turned out to be a no-nonsense melodrama Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, who can argue, but it seems like a waste of creative talent. 10/10
