2003 was seen as the year of the Matrix, with the release of two sequels and a computer game, which is actually connected with the plot of the film. It was also released a DVD-9 short animated films, most written and made in Japan, and did as the anime. Japan makes some of the best animation in the world. Unfortunately, most of these shorts are disappointing. The best of these is the first part of a prequel to the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> Second Renaissance made as a historical file. He tells how the people of the machines in their own image. People are living the high life while the machines are grunts, employees of the company, the second-class citizens. In 2090 the car, BI-66ER has been put in the court for the murder, after the murder of its owners, who wanted to turn it off. The machine does not have a fair trial and start riots around the world. Governments around the world in order to disassemble the machine. Many machines leave human society and to form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily trim man of the country, forcing them into an economic crisis. Man blockade 01 and reject requests on the world of the machine, so that the people who were responsible for the war, which enslaves them. <br /> <br /> Second Renaissance interesting watch with a beautiful, traditional style animation and sets a unique world. It shows how the machines were mistreated and that humanity is sowing the seeds of its own destruction. There is a political and social world, and short talks a lot in it a short run time. Short action theme and style of the classic silent film Metropolis, in part back to the underworld. These are the themes of slavery, mistreatment of the working class and racism. Short also have some religious issues and religious iconography. Basically, what people saw themselves as God created the machine in his own likeness. Seeing themselves as full owners of machines. Machines are also using religious iconography, mostly forming their nation in the "cradle of human civilization," and cars coming to the United Nations in the costume of Adam and Eve offering an apple. <br /> <br /> animation style is beautiful, made in the traditional style of anime (as Akira). Set design large, futuristic blend of historical cities, such as Washington D.C .. There is also a future down the stage, and the country of violence, which is the key to the film. Director Mahiro Maeda, also directed a sequence of anime in Kill Bill Vol. 1, therefore, has good credentials in Hollywood. He is ready to use violence and to know how to keep the story going. <br /> <br /> The only real complain continuity error in the first Matrix movie, because Morpheus mentions that people have no historical records or to know who started the war. But its a good watch.
