Prisons are not exactly known for their hospitality and "happy vibes" that the stories of fights, chaos, murder, and of course at the male connection! But a prison in this film is a different beast. Horror, set in the cells are not, as you probably know, there is nothing particularly new as they accent and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and inability to escape ?? Two of the biggest themes in horror movies. With such examples as the Department (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), The Green Mile (Darabont, 1999), the ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and, of course, all the women in the very operation of the prison genre, another entry in this niche should be something inventive and a lot of fun in addition to being recognized. Or at least, that's what you're thinking. Prison, of course, incredibly fun and enjoyable to drive, and it is to some degree of shame that it's not as well known as it should be. <br /> <br /> The film is, in general, in the old prison centers (well, duh!), which has been restored. However, it is not only the inmates and guards prisoners should be afraid of, but also the middle ass demon ghost spirit with only one hand on his mind; Death! And boy, we were treated to some amazing scenes of death! . I will not spoil anything here for you, but there are a lot of innovative and enjoyable murder all made invisible hands <br /> <br /> In addition, special effects and murder, this film also has another thing going for it; is to quit. Headlining the we Lord of the Rings (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) star Viggo Mortensen (and for all those who are so inclined, yes, he undressed), whose performance is not only a very believable, but done with such skill that his squire Eastwood character and bad-to-bone and a nice (very thin mixture). Add it to the plaster cast, "Hey, wait a minute-I-know-that-guy" and you've got yourself a great set of stars. Characters themselves, however, do not have enough volume and more often than not come across as a very stereotypical. We have a black optometrist, tough as nails warden, human rights activist, a woman and a lot of other stock characters. But to be honest, it is "wine" actually helps the film. Instead of a boring character in the long-term equilibrium, too, we have thrown more or less straight into the action, and when he gets going (very early) there is not a scene, it's filler ?? it's balls to the wall area. Unlike concrete Shawshank Redemption (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing agreement with the chopper genre, it's more of the Convention itself, and in a good ol 'slasher genre tradition, PRISON punishes those who were poor. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a great little horror movie and one that, unfortunately, forgotten and not mentioned among the horrors of the world. With a great cast and great special effects and a rather original death scene this film is highly recommended to fans of horror. Do not be fooled into thinking that this will be a cheese a short film or just because it was done in the United States 1980 th years, it is far from bad (although at the very end does it spoil) and, at the same time, far from the rough and realistic ( while he tries to solve problems such as rape in prisons, they are very finely made). <br /> <br /> I give 3.5 out of 5 CCB. Very interesting horror film with some very pleasant things accurately.
