I disassembled VHS box with my vast collection - many unseen - and chose a film based on the field of art, I thought it would be interesting, and yes, bad. The prison was that 80s cheesy to look around this field. I sat down and looked, and lo! and voila!, found that sometimes we really get into the movie with preconceived expectations in the form. Fortunately, I canceled my fast, and soon realized that I was not only in the film, but it is good pretty good movie as a whole. Prison tells the story of an old, dilapidated prison reopened to save on the budget problems. It looks terrible, all empty and filled with prisoners. The prison is used as a set of incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film. The history of the use of prison as its central setting in the prologue says man was killed by electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard - the rejection of the Crucifixion before sending the man to his Creator. Then we today, with the first meeting of the board of the government for pulling back to open the prison and send a great doctor, to make sure that the conditions are acceptable, as it is actively opposed the re-opening of the old prison. Then we see the new overseer, Lane Smith, nightmares in bed - and given the task of opening a new prison, he was not in years. Well, the rest takes the example: the prisoners and the guards come with a lot of stereotypes galore. We give some depth and character of some of the prisoners interesting characters. Do better than you would expect with Lane Smith does as always skilled work. Mortensen is quite another prisoner is solid. Topics Everett, Tiny Lister, Ivan Kane really exploring the limits of their stereotypical characters. Chelsea Field in order, as the female lead. Best Performance Lincoln Kilpatrick, underrated character actor like Cresus -. The prisoner, who was in that same prison a year ago, when "the man" was executed "with some terrible secret prison is not the next best thing to sliced ​​bread or anything like that, but it's definitely worth a look, and, certainly better than most would expect. I was pleasantly surprised by the way the director Renny Harlin created history to visually atmospheric. the film is tense, taut pace and Harlin know how to build your scene there are a few over-shot the scene Gore -... one with barbed wire was a little more than I was the one with all the tubes, but these scenes visually creative and interesting activities equally decent. the script is actually a much more cohesive than the one usually gets from such films as this. This can be partially credited to Irwin Yablans, who wrote the story. Do you remember that he came up with the idea to make a scary Halloween as a holiday. Here he does imprisonment hell lot more worse than it already is. Give a prison break (get).
