"The Adventures of Barry McKenzie» began its life as a satirical comic book in the «Private Eye», written by Barry Humphries, and based on the idea of ​​Peter Cook. McKenzie ( «Bazza» his friends) is a lanky, hands, hat-wearing Aussie, whose two main interests in life sex (despite never having had any) and Fosters camp. In 1972, the year he found his way to the big screen for the first two outings. It must be tempting for Humphries to throw himself "Bazza", but he wisely left the job, Barry Crocker (later to sing the theme to the television soap opera "Neighbors"!). Humphries instead played several roles in the true Peter Sellers fashion, especially overbearing aunt Bazza in "Edna Everage» (this was before she became a Dame). <br /> <br /> You know that this is not "The importance of the future Ernesto, if censorship classification NPA stands for" Not Allowed Poofters. P-hating Bazza say Sydney solicitor, that in order to make for a share of his father he should go to England, to absorb the British culture. With aunt Edna in tow, he catches a flight QuantAS in Hong Kong and then to London. More efficient customs makes Bazza pay import duties on all that he had bought there, including bags "tubes Fosters camp» As he put it:. "when it comes to elect you, Poms received eravaga on gyppos!. »Tricky taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the fare, taking Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge, then in Scotland. The streets of London were unclean, and their hotel is located in a shack conducting fallen landlord (Spike Milligan), who makes Bazza put a pound note to the energy meter every twenty minutes. There is good news for our hero, even though he meets with other Australians in Earls Court, and Fosters sold in British pubs. <br /> <br /> What happens next is a series of comic antics that take Bazza by starring in his cigarette advertising, put the bark down his pants in the belief that this is some form of aphrodisiac, an amazing encounter with Dennis Price as the highest class pervert who likes to be spanked while uniformed schoolchildren, young Conservative dance in Rickmansworth on charity rock concert, where his song 'chundering »(vomiting) almost makes him an international star, and finally, BBC Center, where tanker, he pulls his pants on live talk show organized thinker herself Donut Joan Bakewell. Fire breaks out, Bazza and friends come to the rescue - Downing banks Fosters, they urinate on fire crowd <br /> <br /> This is far from the later works of Bruce Beresford in -. "Breaker Morant" and "Driving Miss Daisy." After his release, he was torn apart by critics for being too "vulgar". Well, yes, it is, but it's also great, Sun P.C. fun. «Bazza» is a disgusting creature, but his interest in life is not in doubt, you can not help but like the guy. Its various euphemisms for urination ( "point Percy at the porcelain") and vomiting ( "in Technicolor yawn") took place in the English language, not a lot of people who know where they came from. Other guest stars include Dick Bentley (as the detective who chases Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later to star in «Rock Follies»), and even the future of the art TV presenter Russell Davies. <br /> <br /> Continuation - perfectly named "Barry McKenzie holds its own - was released two years later. At the premiere, Humphreys took the opportunity to blast critics who tore the first film. Good for him. <br /> <br /> What was more disturbing to him, though, was the release of "Crocodile Dundee" in 1985 also showed a long hat-wearing Aussie has struggled to come to terms with a foreign culture. And they made a ton more money. <br /> <br /> The song in the credits (by Snacka Fitzgibbon) fine. Do you have a love lyric, which includes the line: "If you want to send her sister in a frenzy, introduce her to Barry McKenzie». Time to finish this review. I have to go Dunny shake hands with the unemployed ...
