What we have here is a convincing piece of low-budget horror with respect to the original premise of gypsum, which is filled with familiar faces and one of the most compelling places of filming in the history of horror films. So ... can someone please tell me why this film is so completely underrated ??? "Prison" is a Finnish filmmaker Harlin US debut, which is still considered to be his best effort, even if he continued to make blockbuster hits like «Die Hard 2," "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea». History takes place entirely in the ancient and dilapidated prison Wyoming, reopened for business overpopulation in other, more advanced state prisons. Inside the former dungeons of execution, the restless spirit of the last victim of the electric chair still lives around. Currently appointed elder Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) was there 40 years ago, an innocent man was put to death, and the spirit still remembers his shameful role in an unfair trial. It seems that the time for revenge has finally arrived. Viggo Mortensen plays a good car thief who has to prevent an even greater number of bodies and Chelsea Field is humane social worker who slowly unravels the mysteries of the past. <br /> <br /> «prison" contains more than half a dozen memorable mountain sequence, but it is unbearably tense atmosphere, which will stick to you for sure! Unlike any other horror picture from this decade, "Prison" shows a surprising sense of realism! By this I mean an authentic landscape and the mood inside the prison walls, of course, not to supernatural killings ... but it's really disturbing as well. the best parts of the film are images of realistic and tough prison drama sequences together with visual shocking outrage and horror. The absolute best Terror (you have nightmares ever since I saw him in a rather young age) focuses on grizzly death struggle with barbed wire. Ghosts !! The script only suffers one drawback, but it's a common one ... almost inevitably, I think, a cliche! History is almost all possible stereotypes are in prison environment. We have an ugly, fat pervert with his "cute" boy-toy, cowardly and racist guard avoids confrontation at all prices and ?? Naturally ?? n wise old black inmate who serves for life (I did not hear anyone shouting the name of Morgan Freeman?) Do not look yourself blind on these clichés is my advice, as there are many other elements to get excited about. Photographing a dark and humid, the mystery is supported by a long and successful and welcoming the prisoners themselves the role of B-grade actors excellent (fans recognize Tom Everett, Tom "Tiny" Lister, and even Kane Hodder immortal horror icon). Forget about god-awful attempt to "shocker" Wes Craven or completely helpless cheese clicked "Chair". It is the only prison chiller should track down! Especially considering, Viggo Mortensen has reached its peak of popularity at the moment (I have heard that he played a major role in the success of the franchise with the elves, hobbits and other magical creatures ...) It is true 80-horror stone oughts, get express a DVD-release !
