A brief synopsis of the <br /> <br /> This film opens the soldiers were released from the company of men. One of them is on the other with amazing circuit another time refused. Later, they both fall into the trap in an office building in which they want to break the safe during the Christmas holidays. Hostility becomes playful banter, and then in a desperate struggle for survival (for ridicule they lose all drinkable liquids, so it's really serious). With open, well-built and well-oiled torso they ram a hole in the wall, and finally managed to escape ?? only to find out that they were betrayed and set the woman. One gets caught, and the other remains free and is not given to his companion. And last encounter, the last light up a cigarette, sorry l'AMI, sorry, friend. <br /> <br /> I found it hard not to see the closet homosexuals in the two main characters, played by a classical on-man superstar Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They are obviously attracted to each other, their attitude towards women disgusting and marked disdain in everything. The whole story seems to have a strong symbolic roll back, a bit like a deliverance. It is also very stylish. Safe two men want to break it in ?? in time ?? ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. This place is in an advertising firm, so there are a lot of fancy posters and wall coverings around. Cabinet is also very good. Ultra stylish Citroen DS (possibly the most modern and elegant car of all time), there is great in this movie ?? perhaps a subtle form of product placement. <br /> <br /> I can recommend this film for only actor performances. Delon Bronson and really sharing top billing, in a way that struck me very fair and sporting. How to make a significant amount of acrobatics. I've never seen Bronson better than here, it actually works - and spoke in French throughout, with a strong accent buy very tolerable, indeed. And this, of course, the person we hear. (Thus, the French language version is highly recommended). police inspector who has two plays Franch my favorite character actors, Bernard Fresson, which has partnered with Gene Hackman in the French Connection II. He is the best brainy police inspector, I know. In addition, very good is the former child actress Brigitte Fossey, the young ingenue, who, as it turns out, is not as innocent as it seems at first glance. <br /> <br /> Anyone who expects that ?? old dd-out "of the classic Heist films may be disappointed in this film. for those with a little patience, it will be a rewarding experience, full of new and original ideas and directorial quirks, though my be too harsh and sadistic for her.
