If you're already a fan of fine books Modesty Blaise Peter O'Donnell from the sixties, you will really enjoy this movie. If you've ever seen one thousand nine hundred sixty-six film "Modesty Blaise", forget about it! It was a camp. This is the real Modesty Blaise. History and nature are true modesty, that the supporters of the book know and love. It's a long way from the 1966 parody Joe Losey and he accepts our Modesty is quite serious. Alexander stage is pretty good and believable in the part, and so we get to see her kick butt. laugh <br /> <br /> This probably means that the first film in the series, and as such it serves to introduce modesty, her childhood, and her days with the forehead. <br /> <br /> Since Peter O »Donnell was a creative consultant on the movie, it's actually rings true. Even O'Donnell told the story about how he conceived the character just as he said it. Having read all the books I enjoyed the movie even more for it. <br /> <br /> Now, Miramax has kept his choice on the property, with Quentin Tarrentino make this film, I hope that I will see greater modesty stories as quickly as possible. Moreover, that great character Willie Garvin makes the character Modesty really come alive. To this end, I really hope that the film does well in Europe. I have no idea where Miramax is going to ever distribute DVD in the United States. I suspect that it may not do so well in the US in the total distribution. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to distribute this film. <br /> <br /> In the history of modesty in her early 20s, working in LOUCHE casinos in Tangier. Flashback sequence elaborate and adopt humility about 9 years, through adolescence to its present age in the film - about 21-22, I think. I really do not think there is a "perfect actress" for modesty. For many of us fans of modesty, it is too powerful presence in our imaginations already. Alexander holds the stage. She is a very fine, elegant and balanced. It has many close-ups. She has a great face - the one that sticks out in your mind well after the movie ended. According illustrator O »Donnell, in Romero, modesty is rather fuller figure than Staden, but I'm willing to miss it. If the stage is continued in the roles, I think that it will ripen in his - as well as modesty is becoming more powerful and skillful as she gets older. The stage is already transmitting humor and absolute confidence in Modesty is very good. Go ahead and make the film, he does not want you to see, and even if he was sent to Scott Spiegel, it is full of Tarrentino touches, great camera movement, lighting and well done action sequences.
