Through tactical, strange (watch for the fall of the deceased curly lovely blonde that act as pull-string doll for some rich people), meaningless, but certainly compelling late night feature. It fell through French production is stewed confused unfocused ideas and random story illustrations, focusing on a very charismatic star (if more than one anti-heroes), Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. In fact, they do not get to do all that much, especially in close, prolonged amidships, where they are hiding in the building during the Christmas break, to break a safe with 10,000 possible combinations. About fun! But if it is enough, if the intriguing bond formed between the characters and Delon Bronson. After manipulative battle of wills (and children, artful games against each other), the two came to an understanding that sees the participation of their honor each other and have a mutual respect. It will continue to play a further part in the tortuous history of the second half of this imperceptible curve ball. Nevertheless, their meeting early on offer there are more, but what we get blurry, and this is compounded by the fact that "That only happens there? The end, that might just make you jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! We are glad to get out of the system. <br /> <br /> stimulation terribly slow, but serenely measured for him, and it seems to be purposely made to run out with his sharp, nervous emphasizing voltage. See how the same process is repeated again and again, and you know something is not quite right, and eventually BB insidiously ahodits the game. Now, everything that happens feels too spontaneous, but the culmination of winning intrusive. Taut, complex scenario, probably a little too crafty for his own good, but there are some neat new items (coins, try ?? glass and liquid spilling Sun ) and visual symbolism. the direction of Jean Herman effectively refined and discreet, but get a little artificial and pour into the inhospitable icy atmosphere. Sound FX shows more potent note than funky account Francois DeRoubaix, it is mostly kept under wrapped after a sizzling opening. Top Boxes Delon (which is pretty steel) and Bronson (sprightly turn) is a solid, and fulfill every tremendously. Bernard Fresson chalks up attitude, the inspector, who knows that there is more going on than what is currently headed. Attractive woman cast features that can support from Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> A mysterious unnecessary but polished crime drama is supported by two of his conclusions and some odd inclusions.
