This is the first film by Jean Renoir silent I watched, and perhaps rightly so, since it is generally considered his best, except for the fact that his first major work. In general, it is really very confident and technically perfect film that belies the fact that it was only the second work by Renoir. For fans of the director, it is full of interesting hints for the future especially Renoir films Diary of a maid (1946) and the golden carriage (1952) - in the image of the lower class of the femme fatale madly desired different aristocrats, disgraced themselves for it - but also the rules of the game (1939 ) - it shows how it does in the same sequence as bullying servants behave when their masters back turned away from them - and FRENCH CANCAN (1955) - Nana seen, having to go to the scandalous dance at one point. Personally, I would like to say that the film makes for a respectable companion piece to G.W. Pabst in Pandora's Box (1928), Josef von Sternberg's The Blue Angel (1930) and Max Ophüls Lola Montes (1955) in their bright holiday messy life of a courtesan. <br /> <br /> Having said all this, the film was a resounding critical and commercial failure at the time of its release - a "mad idea" as Renoir himself later described it in his memoirs, which are not only personally cost him the state (at the end of end he eased as a result of the financial burden due to the sale of some of the paintings of his late father), but almost forced him to abandon the movie forever! Stylistically, Nana is quite different from the sound works by Renoir and owe a special debt of Stroheim foolish wife (1922), a film by Renoir admired - and on a personal note, the one that I really should be back voila (being possessed Kino DVD out of it, and the other background Stroheims for 4 years). Anyway, Nana, of course, is not without drawbacks: the deliberate pace makes itself felt during the over-generous 130 minutes running time with some sequences (jumps around the mid-point, in particular) is too long <br /> <br. /> Too mannered acting style on display too hard to take at times - in particular, that Nana Gessling and Raymond Guerin-Catelain in Georges Hugon (one of her various suitors) ... although, technically, they are of their nature, there is a bad actress (who takes the life of a courtesan when she was booed off the stage) and immature weakling, respectively. However, as Anna Magnani in a golden carriage, Hessling (wife of Renoir at the time, by the way) simply not attractive enough to be very convincing, as "the embodiment of elegance" (another proponent describes her at one stage), which is an opportunity to enslave every man she meets. Other notable are cast in «Dr. Caligari "he Werner Krauss (as the most ardent devotee of Nana, Count Muffat), Jean-Angelo (as initially skeptical, but ultimately tragic fans with Nana) and the future director of the prominent film Claude Autant-Lara (billed as Claude Moore and serve as art director here), as a close friend Muffat, but who is secretly in love with his wife's neglect of the latter! <br /> <br /> I saw the print - through Lionsgate in "Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector's Edition" - is, for the most part, lovingly restored and beautifully toned one that was previously only available in French DVD. Based on the classic French literature (as Emile Zola, at least), he can not help but brought up several times, and the screen two of the most famous versions of the film are Arzner's in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Etuill and that I I have on VHS) and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, which I am not familiar with).
