I loved this movie. I totally disagree with some (negative) critiques that I have read over the years. It was a great car for Eddie Murphy! He seemed to have a great time with his hand as Chandler Jarrell, and it should never worry about what the critics say, if he had the pleasure of doing it ?? and a large part of his audience loved it! And it was interesting to see how he combined some great tension fantasy with great comedic Mr. Murphy style. You should keep in mind that the "Golden Child" is a "fantasy" film ?? a creative work of magic and wonder among the "real" world. During the time this film was released, I was working in the store video. It was one of the most popular with all our customers. Every time we put this on our monitor, all the copies that we had come quickly to requests inhabit a list that kept him in line for a few months! Anyone who has rented loved him! I was the resident film critic, and all my regular customers have asked my opinion before they rented ?? it was one of my favorites, and I knew that the taste of my clients, so I highly recommend this for most of them. I really feel that this film is a Sleeper ?? it can not be done very well at the box office ?? due to very poor marketing ?? but he hit a high after purchases and rentals on the market! (Yes, I did buy this film for my own video library!). I loved the little boy who played in "The Golden Child" ?? JL Reate - but after looking at his IMDb profile, I noticed that he never made any more films It's sad, because it is definitely. was on-screen aura and could go on with the film career, I also loved Victor Wong, who played the old (I loved him in turn as "Egg Shen» in "Big Trouble in little China - 1986).. Anyway, it was a great movie. The only drawback, which did not seem to fit in with the theme were some of the parts, which have received a bit more "adult" in nature ?? such as "pretty sexual remarks about Chandler snake lady, which was presented to him as a silhouette. It was funny, but he was still in sync. OK, so there were a few suggestive gratuitous scenes ?? they were put into effect for the state of mind of the day possible. It was another adventure and escapism type of film that we need today in order to get away from all the hard core reality and depressing down, we got out of Hollywood. Now, it's fun!
