First, no one can understand why this film is rated so poorly. Moreover, it is the first real horrible movie since a very long time for me, which I'm pretty hard-boiled with decades of experience of many years of horror, starting with management through the dark rides (ghost train) as a child. Secondly, the main actress Sherrie Christian is a person who gives hope that it will be the lead actress in the big picture of the future. Third, this woman who is very, very beautiful, I suggest the director to retire all the Cameron Diazes, Eva Mendezes, and more than ever the names of these ephemeral lamp fire. Ms. Christian is not light and the sun. <br /> <br /> However, «Dark is" as significant metaphysical significance. They have the idea that the photograph shows being the intermediary between reality and the reign of "imagination" that can not be seen with one of "their own eyes is not new. But I've never seen in a movie before, that these creatures can be seen in the photos only for some people, and only at certain times. This means that the photo is not only an iconic picture of reality (by which reality is transformed into a symbol), but it becomes an alternative form of reality, which may change as a "real" reality can. Being familiar with the change in the picture means that it affects the photographed objects, that is a sign to behave like an object. Now, in our ordinary world of perception, something common that the objects change their signs. F.ex., if someone grows a bird, his picture will show him with a beard, rather than outside, as it was before. But on the contrary, changing facilities on the grounds would mean that the picture with a beard and then growing a beard in humans. It is very easy to detect, for what happens to the photos made the protagonist in the prison, in this film. This new, and we should be grateful for all new horror films, which are usually simply repeat and rearrangement effects and features that are already well-known, mainly, from the silent time.
