I always feel weird and guilty saying this (because I'm pretty well educated nya-teen), but I actually kind of like the Olsen twins, and I respect the films they make, although I was never really their target audience. "When in Rome" was the traditional Mary-Kate and Ashley's movie, complete with a trip abroad, accents, motorcycles, adult novel as a "Bed and", the orientation of the story mode, and even vomiting reel on loans. I enjoyed. "When in Rome" and other Olsen twins movie never pretend to be something they are not; Most of the time, they just premiered on video and they never claim to be the next "Citizen Kane" or even "An unforgettable novel." My point of view, people who watch this movie, and expect it to anything but another movie Olsen twins will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, those who are supporters of the Olsen twins will truly enjoy. For those of us who watched them the first «Full House» episodes, it's really great to see them growing into a more mature roles. This film provides an important historical and geographical information, as well as many other of their films (remember, 10 Downing Street with the "Winning London" and a visit to the Louvre with the "Passport to Paris?") As well as providing a good, clean fun which can be enjoyed by the whole family. <br /> <br /> as long as I still feel like I have a bar of soap, and at that time, how can I make it relevant to a movie, let me take a moment to challenge those who reject the Olsen twins: for to be a fan of the Olsen twins, you do not have to be some pre-teen "girl valley" in California. In fact, it's not exactly the target audience. If it were, then the MK & Fashion clothing and accessories line will pass through the Gap or some store like that, not Wal-Mart. "When in Rome," while it does the "haute couture" and a globe-trotting and two girls from the Valley in Cali, it is not that ... it's more about inspiring young girls who have the initiative to It will allow him to take their places if it means that the installation of the film in a certain glamorous foreign city with nice guys on motorcycles, so that it may be called marketing -.. you take an idea and sell it, make it attractive, at least, they are sending a good message. even if the funds seem a bit superficial. <br /> <br /> basically, , Do not knock the film, as long as you have not seen it, then, do not knock it until then, until you tried to figure out what to do the Olsen twins: they encourage young girls to be creative, intuitive, and managed by young women, this film does so. I think, as well as their other children -. Parents enjoy -. to do the same If you love the Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed..
