It is well thought out and well researched documentary outlines the monstrous case of the Chagos Islands, which, as it shows, between 1969 and 1971, were forcibly deported from their homeland by a conspiracy of the British and American governments. The Anglo-American politicians decided to act because of their perception that the islands would be strategically important basis for the control of the Indian Ocean through the projection of air and naval forces. At that time, during the Cold War, when most of the newly independent post-colonial states were removed from the western orbit, it seems, the British and US officials, and felt that allowing the islanders to decide the fate of the islands is not a viable option. Instead, they decided to implement a wholesale forced removal of indigenous people. The film shows that no provision was made for the islanders at their peak and that of the docks in Mauritius, where they were left, moved Chagossians community embarked on three decades of hardship, and in this new environment, suffering from nostalgia they suffered significantly accelerated the pace of death. <br /> <br /> After the passage of more than three decades, but in recent months (and years), after the liberation of many very relevant articles of the Record Office Public UK (one rather suspects that there was some mistake, and these documents should not had ever been published), the final legal appeals Chagossians exile community has seen the British courts have consistently found in favor of the islanders against the British state. As such, bizarre and disturbing findings of the movie can only reasonably be regarded as proven. However, the British government and the United States has not so far made no commitment to return the island to the fact that the courts are finally concluded, are full-fledged citizens. This is very useful for those who are movie to see, but it is important for the British and Americans to watch. To remain silent in the face of these facts should be thoroughly accomplice in an ugly crime.
