In order to fight against the death penalty is a just cause. Everyone who is in Europe, in their right mind would think so. In the US, it's different. The film seems to show in the first stage, that justice can be won against the racist death penalty fanatic eager for American justice. Young people are exempt from the death penalty because of a law professor who returned to military advice to this particular case. But the film has continued. Justice in the United States is completely determined by the purpose of revenge. Miscarriage of justice as governed by revenge. One person at a local public prosecutor has Offfice young people prosecuted under false charges. An employee of the Public Prosecutor's Office takes charge after some time, and the young man goes free. But he loses his scholarship in college, and he was castrated by some vindictive people for whom there is never smoke without fire. He hides his shame and vows to get his revenge. But he also has to satisfy his sexual needs that are more mental than hormonal sure, but even more, because mental and hormonal longer, and he can only do that with little girls. He, apparently, the team with a different serial killer who, after the same prey. Once the local police followed their intuition, guided by some vague circumstantial elements in the murder of a young girl, and they arrested the young leader we are talking about. They beat him and interrogate him for 22 hours with nothing but bumps and knocks and phone books and guns and Russian roulette. He admits. Sent to death row, he asked his grandmother to go get a law professor in Massachusetts, who is the husband of the representative of the local public prosecutor, who was falsely prosecuted him a few years ago and revenge on the rails. It will not work, but it shows that as the only one in the justice line police work and other steps of the security forces from the line of absolute law, a wrongful act is done, it can ruin even the best of the prosecution case and that can nourish the worst deepest imaginable revenge . To charge someone on circumstantial elements are just as bad, to enable tactical elements spoil the work of the police or justice. The best intentions by the police destroyed some personal involvement and vengeful intent, just as a person's life may be in jeopardy of indirect elements nadutyhov to evidence a size that, in turn, jeopardize the whole thing, being only indirectly, thus it is easy to remove with a good lawyer. The film is then a profound reflection on the need to comply with rules and regulations, all along the police and justice the line, if we do not want to make a mistake, which, of course, in turn, does not justify the death penalty, since in any case it is contrary to the most deep faith Americans should have: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness." (Declaration of Independence) Life is an inalienable right that is given to man by his Creator, that does not mean that no one but the person who gave it can take it away. Only God can take a person's life away. The death penalty is an arrogant appropriation of power that we do not have. Even if we do not call God, we can not justify the death penalty except as an act of revenge, but the film shows the worst revenge motivation in the performance of the justice and the creation of public peace. If revenge pushed no other justification of the death penalty. And it can always be a bug in this quest entirely happy, but revenge. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonna University, University Paris 8 Saint-Denis, Paris 12 Créteil University, Cegid
