Convincing Thriller !! December 10, 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 from the US <br /> <br /> Just Cause <br /> <br /> Starring :. Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood <br /> <br /> Liberal, although good Harvard law professor Paul Armstrong convened by Flordia everglades wrongfully convicted black guy Bobby Earl.Confessing, that sadistic, heartless policemen vilifyied and knocked him to the pulp to obtain a confession disgusting murder of eleven-year-old girl. As he digs deeper and deeper into the mysterious case, when he realizes that Bobby Earl is a victim of black Lt.Tanny small community discrimination.That Brown Police Detective corrupt and criminally average. When sad, psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan introduced.He discovers that he knows the whereabouts of the murder weapon, which butchered little girl.When Armstrong believes that there are visual coincidence a road trip through the small town of Sullivan and the letter he personally wrote. Bobby Earl gets unlimited re-trial.Is from prison and escapes his terrible punishment. All seems well smoothly until an unexpected phone call from Sullivan serial killer comes in focus.Armstrong discovers sinister double murder, which happens to be parents.Whom Sullivan it provides very detests.Sullivan Armstrong truth disgusting murder of Joanie Shriver and why he was brought here.It it turns out that Bobby Earl psychopathic killer, and he really rape and kill Joanie Shriver.He only bargained with the devil psycho Sullivan. To unwind, so that he could kill again beautiful wife revenge.Upon Armstrong and daughter.Now Sullivan made before his death. Armstrong and hard good guy Brown pursued a malicious villain in the Everglades to prevent him.When they come Armstrong finds that psychotic Sicko Bobby Earle plans to kill his wife and daughter of the former rape trials that inevitably made him suffer excruciating pain and castration.But good, Brown virtuous cop comes out and rips hard baddie.Is pricked and eaten ruthless man-eater alligators.Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter to survive and live happily ever after. A good thriller that works.Delivers as a mystery and subterfuge.How reluctant blacks mocked racist lawmen.Sentenced unfair penalties.Even though sometimes unjustly condemned innocent, friendly black man may in fact be evil villain. Sean Connery as big as ignoring, holier hero.Laurence watchably Fishburne is amazing how mean, arrogant, but a good guy cop. Underwood and Harris is over the top and invigorating as malicious psychos.Capeshaw is okay.Ruby Dee great as tenacious grandmother.The rest of the cast is fine, as well.
