It is the fifth film von Trier I saw. I believe that he is the sole director, to whom I gave a high praise on all his films. Four of them, the elements of the offense, Europe, Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, I gave 10, and one Idiots, I gave 9 (and I'm reconsidering whether to give him 10 since I first saw it, but I'd like to see it yet just before I). He was scolded for calling himself one of the best working directors. I tend to agree with him. I can not blame him for being arrogant when he made such great films. In the 50s, when von Trier to retire, it will be considered as an outstanding film artist from Europe (possibly the world), and will be classes taught in his name. He's just a Bergman or Fellini of our time. It's too bad that criticism too intrigued with him to notice it. <br /> <br /> About Europe itself, I admit that this is misleading, and that his story did not seem strong. I think that is the point. This film was obviously meant to represent a nightmare, or unconscious at some level. This is quite clear from the framing of the film: The story in Max von Sydow. We are mesmerized or hypnotized von Trier, and it is our / his subconscious. I tend to lean more to his mind, as the degradation of Europe for me, an American, it is very small. This frame is also clear when you see crime element, even more brilliant film than this (although I contesting, then, in my mind what to Europa more than anything is a proper release on DVD, hopefully Criterion again with the theatrical aspect ratio and remastered sound and picture, and then, I am absolutely sure that this movie will seem as great as any of the other von Trier) films. The criminal elements, the film begins with the hypnotist, which we actually see on the screen at this time, it is mesmerizing Fisher European detective who wants to get to the root of his distress. The first words of this film are the "Fantasy is good, but my job is to keep you on track." And each time, when Fisher, the narrator gets off track, the hypnotist makes scolded him and told him to go back on this story . He even laughs when the character gets really silly and corny lines. Something along the lines of, "Do you understand the difference between good and evil" Hypnotist laughs and says: "Now, Fisher, she did not actually say that she, too?» <br /> <br /> So, the key to the interpretation of europa, almost procreation to an element of crime is that we are deep in our subconscious / von Trier, and the characters there are to be interpreted in itself and is likely to be different for everyone. That the train itself represents? Consider it in, and then discuss it outside. Europa is a great film, a masterpiece. I never get tired of them, although I watched it at 3am. The ideal time to see, in fact, since he works in a dream logic.
