Subject: Max von Sydow in the voice-over hypnotizes the main character (and viewers) since 1945, when our hero is a young American ideologue Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) has just arrived in the aftermath of the Second World War in 1945, Germany, to help in the reconstruction of damaged country. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) delivers Leopold work in a large railway corporations Zentropa, but soon falls in love with Leopold Hartmann Katharina (Zukova); the owner's daughter Zentropa Max Hartmann (Irgen Rinberg). Leopold soon discovers that they are in a web of corruption, being taken advantage of, losing their ideology, and is forced to choose between color or pest. <br /> <br /> mysterious, fascinating, manipulative, noirish, achieve, beautiful and ugly. Here are some immediate, grand, the description that comes to mind when thinking of the 1991 EUROPA masterpieces Lars von Trier; Europa final chapter of the trilogy. In the US, it was renamed Zentropa so viewers would not confuse it with the EUROPA EUROPA Agnieszka Holland with 1990 (equally and World War II drama). Trilogy also includes Europa FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT 1984 and 1987 epidemic (infamous experiment which only sold tickets in Danish 900 theaters). Trilogy thematically deals with hypnosis and loss of idealism, although themes of this trilogy is not as important as the visuals. In the first shot, we see the EUROPA locomotive is moving towards us while our narrator unidentified literally hypnotizes us: "On the mental count of ten you will be in Europa Be there at ten I say .. Ten." . Metaphor ability movies that transport us in the subconscious dream-reality <br /> <br /> EUROPA uses strange, but extremely effective visual style - a well-known Russian film director Andrei Tarkovsky major influence Trier says it all. This black-and-white movie sometimes intertwined with a blood red, red dress, etc. Rumor has it that inspired Steven Spielberg to use a similar effect in Schindler's List 1993 (coincidentially other WWII drama). Furthermore Trier uses so-called Dutch angel and reinterprets background projection, adding separately shot cooperating layers on layers, but unlike the old Hollywood films that included it for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. These carefully made strange-looking visual methods emphasize that we are in a dream-reality, we are hypnotized; EUROPA universe is not real! EUROPA is often criticized for the weight of advanced technology (for example, multi-layered background projection) on the story and characters, but hey, that's what the reviewers criticized by Stanley Kubrick in 1968 visual masterpiece 2001: A Space Odyssey for - he currently performs the required place in all of cinema history books. <br /> <br /> EUROPA also gets accused of historically incorrect. Apparently Trier assigns Werewolf terrorist group too much historical significance of the Nazis. According to various online sources, it is right (a fascinating subject - Googl'ing try it yourself), but the goals Trier are neither educational nor drawing the story accurately. EUROPA is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler hypnotized, the universe, that the audience of the meeting is a distortion of reality. Likewise, it shows how our memory brings us - it is 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! While young viewers who experience EUROPA too young to have memories of the Second World War, we have a collective memory of him from different BBC documentary films, so that these small inaccuracies in fact serve as objectives: they tell us that we not after the second world war, Germany in 1945, but Leopolds memory. <br /> <br /> All three chapters Europa trilogy depict young ideologues with noble intentions are forced into corruption and to lose its ideological innocence. Ambiguous end FORBRYDELSENS elements and EUROPA show ideologues getting all caught up in their hypnotize realities. Before, during and after the EUROPA shooting in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-author Nils Vørsel were very interested in World War II. It shows. It is packed with a very beautiful shots to catch the atmosphere of a period of time dot. An excellent example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was filmed in Poland, primarily for economic reasons), EUROPA in the last act. As from 2001: A Space Odyssey, I think it will get EUROPA rightfully earned a place in film history. His method of twisting old film noir affair clichés and visual methods so unique, oddly enough, and totally different from anything you'll see from Hollywood at the moment, or any other dream-factory on the subject. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is one of the most important films in the catalog, Lars von Trier. Some write it as a purely commercial speculation, but it would be disastrous. It's right up there with other classics of Trier and gender-classics such as FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT 1984, TV series RIGET since 1993 and Dogville in 2003, this unique experience before Trier care of his actors, and before Dogme95 manifesto. Be careful! "About ten ..." 9/10
