I am hardly aware of the time in history, shown in this 1971 Brazilian black comedy, but it does not mean that he was not available to me, because the movie makes it very clear. It is located in the 16th century in Brazil, where the rival French and Portuguese settlers exploit indigineous people like the Confederates in their struggle to assert dominance. What is particularly interesting about the film is that it is made by the Portuguese from the point of view of the French. Hero likeable Frenchman, Portuguese barbarian, and the rest of the French gloomy and greedy. Portuguese film producers are objective, because when all is said and done, we see that it does not matter which side one takes. It's about heredity suppressed environment while dramatically certain tribes. The enemies are made and perpetuated, and thus, environmental integration will never progresses. <br /> <br /> French captured Portuguese then captured indigenous tribe, Tupinambas, after they slaughter group Portuguese. Shaman tribe predicted they would find a strong Portuguese man devour as revenge for leader's brother was killed by a musket sword Portugeuse. Thinking French Portuguese, they believe that there are currently. However, the Frenchman got a runaway course of the village, eventually gave his wife and takes a familiar form, not his Western clothes, or some clothes. Another Frenchman came to the village and said that their family is actually composed by the Portuguese and then the Frenchman says annoyed that he would tell them the truth, when the Frenchman finds the secret treasure that another European hidden nearby. <br /> <br /> I found the opening scene's funny because his story putting his contradictions on the screen is a great satire, even if the film does not seem to want to maintain this tone is much more frequently. It is actually not terribly riveting film. Bogota, it is important locale February lifestyle and ripe native women do not only French, but we also forget any kind of threat, and we have a feeling it as a free man. This should not be terribly difficult to avoid. Cannibalism as few desires as a complete exposure of the cast, proposed instead as representative of the core dry political cartoons Pereira dos Santos New World mythology and poor social cohesion. Anyway, this 1500s-era social commentary, shot on location in the bay with 365 islands, played almost completely naked and almost entirely written in Tupi, promotes the effective breakdown of the established ways that are relevant, as they occur in the course of many centuries.
