After the story of a love triangle in Har Dil Jo Pyar Karega these 3 stars again chose this controversial film. The film was to be regarded as a blow, if he was not a dispute with the production values ​​of Bharat Shah. Here the director duo Abbas-Mustan made a very different and unique work compared with their previous and following directorial ventures. They are regarded as the creators of a Bollywood thriller. But in the CRC, they have proven that they can equally apply to make a romantic family drama. It is unlikely that there is one action scene, when, moreover, was raped by colleagues Salman in his apartment, Salman struck him. <br /> <br /> The film has almost all the standards and ingredients such as songs, stories, casting, performances, etc. which are necessary to make the film a hit. But, of course, for fans of Salman was something unexpected gift from him. Why? Because for so long he has done a role where he has the stage to show off your body and open dance la la la all around. His role as a wealthy young businessman who has a pragmatic and normal attitude is really impressive. After all, Madhubala, the role of a prostitute in the performance though strange. Later, when she, too, is thoughtful about his life it deserves proper attention. Her facial expressions and body language become more attractive, and focus mainly go to her. Her previous role as a pregnant woman in the Kia Kehna was not that touching the heart as it is here. Of course, this can be termed as an improvement. Then I took a very innocent and helpless wife Raja, who depends on it for better results. It has nothing to powerful effect in history as the main ingredients are Besides hands. <br /> <br /> Finally, the main point of history, which is something rare and unique in itself. In the real world that age is not impossible to happen this step in the search for a surrogate mother. Perhaps many of them take place in this big world, where they are kept secret. And so the writer with CRC found the hidden truth that happening in other everyday life. But until now, it is questioned.
