CCCC is the first good film in Bollywood in 2001 when I first saw the trailer for the movie, I thought it would be a good family film. I was right. Salman Khan gave the strongest performance ever. My family were not too keen on it, but after watching the film, my family is very impressed with him. Rani and very interesting. The film will be a huge blow for the three main stars. <br /> <br /> It's about Raj (Salman Khan) and the meeting took, and fall in love. They get married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they return, Raj and decided to find out that he made pregnant. Raj family full of joy when they learn that especially Dada Raja (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family play cricket one day and took the hit in an accident that causes Priya have a miscarriage. Raj has a very close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He says Raj and decided that she could no longer have any more children. Raj and decided to keep this quiet family. Raj and took decided to go for surrogacy. Surrogate them that they would find the girl and Raja, and that the girl will have a child together, and then transfer the child to the Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Her name Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells her situation and captivates her money, and she agrees. Raj change Madhubala recently completely. Raj says took, he found the girl. Madhubala and agreed to meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to make it so that no one will know. Priya spend the night in the church and Raj and Madhubala all alone, and they spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala was pregnant, and they are all happy. Raj tells his family that adopted a child. They are happy again. Madhubala love comes Raj, and she wants it. What happens next? See KPKG to learn. <br /> <br /> The only thing I did not like about the film their idea of ​​surrogacy. They had to do it properly in the movie, but it does not spoil the movie. It was still great. <br /> <br /> The songs of the film great. My favorite "Alien child», Dekhne Walon Ne »,« Deewana Hai Yeh Mann "and" Mandy ". The song "Mandy" is very picturesque. In this song, he shows ghod bharai happens, and it is very picturesque. film deserves 10/10!
