Prolific and very influential director Martin Scorsese considers the selection of their favorite American films, grouped into three different types of directors: directors, as the illusionist: D. W. Griffith and Murnau, who created new methods of editing among other changes that made the emergence of sound and color later step forward; director as the smuggler: filmmakers, such as Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller, and basically Vincente Minnelli, filmmakers, who used to hide the rebellious messages in his films; and director, as the rebellious: those filmmakers attacking civilian surveillance and social hang-ups, like Orson Welles, Stroheim, Charlie Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn <br /> <br /> He shows us how. old studio system in Hollywood was, though oppressive, the way in which directors were progressive environment because they were bound by political and financial constraints. During his clips from the films he shows us, we find not only movies, we've never seen before, that arouse our interest, but we also did, to see what he sees. He appreciated his sense of stylistic sequences, together with the directors themselves. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​the film canon was famous pathetic, so some film buffs and critics are the simple to do "lists." However, the canon simply means "the best" and supporters of the film canon states that it is a valuable activity for identifying and experience to select a collection of "best" movies, much like the greatest hits tape, if only as the start direction for film students. Overall, our experience has shown that all write about the film, including the review, a function to build a film canon. Some canons of film can definitely be elitist, but others may be "populist". As an example, the list of the Top 250 films a movie database on the Internet includes many films that are included in the number of "elite" cinema canons, but also shows the recent blockbusters of Hollywood, where many of the film "elitists" fun as The Dark Knight, which now mixed in the top ten among the first two Godfather films Schindler's List and One Flew over the Cuckoo, and the fluctuation of similar facilities further down, such as Iron Man, sin City, Die Hard, The terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Writer Scorsese's Taxi Driver Paul Schrader has a straightforward call him canon as "elitist" and argues that it is positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese never particularly vocal at all of its social and political ideologies, but if we see it is an intense and truly obsessive history lesson about the birth and growth of American cinema in both the ideological sphere, we see that there is really no a special charity in any elitism or populism. Elitism concentrates all the attention, recognition and, consequently, the power of those who are considered different. This discrimination can easily lead to a lot of self-indulgence in the spirit of indulgent work of Jean-Luc Godard or overrationalization production practices as a film director Michael Haneke. However, populism is the belief of freedom as a representative only be an assertion of popular will. As has already been approved on the integrated error people have about the movie, populism may be the end of the potential power and influence of cinema. We can only continue to see the movie, because it is an important social and metaphysical practice. And that is what Martin Scorsese to spend nearly four hours here trying to tell us that it can not be said, without being seen first hand.
