If the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorsese to create the American part of the century a series of Cinema, he grabbed the opportunity with both hands. Personal Journey Through American Movies fascinating, wide, and as the title says, a very personal view of the Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> stories Scorsese is primarily about Hollywood directors ?? actors, producers, writers and other staff barely get any. He says right at the outset that the main conflict in the film is that the director's vision between the distributor and the profit motive, between art and commercial viability for him. He even opens with a clip from the Vincente Minnelli bad and beautiful, one of the earliest films to openly explore this contradiction. This dictates the structure for the documentary. Scorsese looks at how the genre clichés become darkened and challenged as individualists denied the production code, and how some filmmakers have fallen from grace, when they dared to be different. However, Scorsese never fall into the trap auteurist dismissal of directors, continually delighted studio boss (he lavishes praise DeMille), or those who have had less recognizable style, but were masters of cinema nonetheless. <, Br /> <br /> Scorsese does not necessarily focus on their most favorite directors ever (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of the biggest influences Scorsese, in only mentioned in passing). Instead, he looks at the people and films that serve to tell their story. For example, he shows us the sequence of John Ford movies, to show how the West has evolved. He looks at the work of Vincente Minnelli (probably the most often cited the director of the documentary) to show how useful allegedly genre as a musical can also have a darker undercurrents. I can imagine that if this appointment was not confined to America, Scorsese would also liked to say, for example, its Italian influence or his British hero Michael Powell. As it is, it stretches the definition of American films that include both movies directors immigrants, such as Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of those who were born in the US filmmakers, which was produced elsewhere ?? such as Stanley Kubrick. <br /> <br /> Rather than just tell the story of Hollywood, in chronological order, compares Scorsese films from different eras, to solve a variety of items. The section on language and tool a movie, it starts with Griffith, looking at the coming of sound, color and wide and inevitably ends with the transition of computer special effects, which, although Scorsese did not seek them, he even handed enough to include clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola, which protect them. However, he did not just finish this chapter here, as if it were the end. Instead, he rewinds back to 1940, to show how a low-budget horror film like The Cat People can achieve effective results from the most simple and cheap elements. <br /> <br /> personal journey through American movies should be one of the best documentaries made. There were a number of outstanding directors and paintings that I would never have found without, and even the most experienced of movie lovers will be more likely to find something new in the broadest scope. Scorsese also restored the balance in the forgotten or underrated films. I was glad to see that, when he speaks of the cockpit in the "iconoclasts", he looks at Lolita and Barry Lyndon, for me his two most underrated films. Respect Scorsese for the environment on the display as it allows videos to play in full, and not only give us small pieces and it interrupts them with talking heads (a combination of archive and new interviews) only when it is needed. There is a bit of a bias towards the '40s and' 50s, but it is not surprising, as the era in which Scorsese grew up and discovered cinema. and in the end, I do not think that this film could be asyagnuty, if not a personal way. <br /> <br /> One word of warning though, in its depth look at some pictures, this film does contain a fair few spoilers.
