An interesting aspect of «The Apprentice» This suggests that the traditional interview and resume does not necessarily predict teamwork skills, problem dedication and productivity. And of course, they have not found any hidden agenda. In other words, a good indicator of potential can see the applicant's work in action, which is a point «The Apprentice». People vie for corporate positions may pass the sugar coating resume and put on their best face dress for an interview, but this is not necessarily the best indicator of the strengths and weaknesses, as well as performance. <br /> <br /> Briefly, «The Apprentice» includes 16 candidates for the job, competing for the ultimate career possibility: position Investment property tycoon Donald Trump. «The Apprentice» refers to the winner, who will win a paid position, learn the art high-stakes deal making by the master himself, and, apparently, to get simple corporate communications. Position a dream-come-true for those who want to earn more money than the GNP of some foreign countries. In order to attract a candidate, the Trump reveals his private plane and his personal luxury apartments have a lot of statues and works of art of his limousine, his association with celebrities and other aspects of the life of a billionaire tycoon. <br /> <br /> It is easy way to success. The group is divided into two teams that compete against each other. Each of them has a corporate-sounding name, for example, Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. Teams are assigned tasks that entail entrepreneurial venture, such as the creation of advertising, sales of goods, or talks. Teams select a project manager who provides leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. If they win, the manager gets a lot of credit, especially in the eyes of the arbitrator. If they lose, the manager can also be a goat tail. Some of the tasks are monumental hard only a day or two to complete. Tasks can include the creation of television commercials or print advertising. Others may include a sale at a retail store or on the street. <br /> <br /> The objectives identify the best and worst in the participants. They often show just who is the most reliable, which is the most reliable and who is hardworking. And also to expose the problem, who is not a good team player, which is inefficient, and that seems to be only for themselves. Tasks consistently show an unexpected way the strengths and weaknesses of participants and, in particular, the project manager. How well does the manager communicate with the team, the delegates work, organizing time, and sets specific goals will largely determine the outcome, but it does not necessarily predict the winner. <br /> <br /> single-most revealing aspect of who the potential, if he or she is assigned as project manager. Their actual ability in contrast to their ability to self-propagate immediately appear the veneer, which can not be hidden by a silk tie, $ 100, or a beautiful makeup. Leadership qualities and / or disadvantages often become painfully obvious after just a few minutes. Those promoting itself as a top-notch leaders are not always as strong, if put in a situation of real life leadership. Always easier to "toot your own horn" than actually participate in the leadership. Project managers, even those on the winning team, are often unable to formulate a unified strategy. They often believe that diving off the deep end, to complete the task in the first minute, not taking a little time to organize and discuss how the task will be accomplished more effectively. More often than not, members of the team strategy is not clear, running around like headless chickens to figure it out as they go along, and ultimately, they end up spending a lot more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team gets a taste of the high life, for example, dinner at an exclusive restaurant, a flight in a private plane, and / or meet celebrities. The losing team comes in terrible boardroom where Trump hear lame excuses members and knocks one or more participants as a figure with a chessboard with the now infamous "You're fired." the project manager is often held partly responsible for the team's loss, and can be the object of exposing rhetoric Trump. Every week, at least, one person becomes the victim of a loser. <br /> <br /> My least favorite aspect of «The Apprentice» is a board room. While the problems themselves, identify the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, boards often brings the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is one team win and a losing team, even if the competition was close. Members of the losing start to blame each other, often ruthlessly, about who was to blame. And sometimes more than one person fired. I rarely see a candidate not effectively take responsibility for their actions in the courtroom. Kristy Frank and Kwame Jackson may have been the only candidates who have assumed full responsibility for the loss of his team and did not get any recognition for this selfless act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson greater integrity of all the candidates. Nevertheless, the Trump saw Kristi weak and fired her, claiming that she did not stand for themselves, which may mean that he appreciates the ego more than integrity. No one should sacrifice their integrity to do so. Kristi Frank could not become a disciple, but she herself can live knowing that she does not blame others unfairly. Is it not worth as much as the "victory"? <br /> <br /> The strength of «The Apprentice» is also its weakness. As the team performance is evaluated strictly winners and losers, other evaluation opportunities are ignored. Barring large gaps between the winning and losing team, sometimes losing team is an example high-level collaboration and efficiency. I have seen the loss of command sometimes sounding better organized than the winning team. We Americans are so often obsessed with winning and losing, which we often do not notice an advantage.
