In this pool, the pond, there are water lilies and frogs there. Frog sitting on a lily. Frog and water lily are parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Akkar) is a water lily, synchronized swimming fan with a crush on Floraine (Adèle Haenel), the frog, the captain of his team. fellow Floraine team in the direction of their leader, because it is unnatural and seductive slender blonde sends a free person who betrays the mindset syncrhronized swimmer compliance and discipline. Floraine But there is a secret; bomb has exploded bomb that «Naissance de pieuvres» opens for viewers visually before it is recognized as Marie. <br /> <br /> Floraine never left, as they say, all the way to the boy. <br /> <br /> at the party, we see a double image of a thriving sex bomb, checking her makeup in the bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is a mirage. Marie learns double Floraine while its imitation heartbreaking lilies in. While the frog goes through the motion of catching flies for show, she becomes friendly with a water lily, when nobody is looking. In the most bizarre scenes of the movie, Water Lily agrees to give a toad hand lose her virginity through the mechanical act of oral stimulation. Floraine wants the boys loved her, but she does not like boys, at first glance, but it is more important to a frog that it is popular. When water lily finally kisses the frog, the frog is a frog. The frog can turn into a water lily, or a princess, because the water lily has lost respect for the frog. After their mouths open, Floraine Marie says, "Look, it's easy," that the way to equate their kiss a frog with an orgasm, her friend gave her no more than a ritual-to-pass, without any conditions. Floraine beauty is a burden. It carries the weight of the boy's expectations. Florence Marie uses have one last shot before it submits its imitation of a mirage in the closet. <br /> <br /> the other water lily, another frog best friend Marie Anne (Louise Blachere) and Floraine in disappointment boy toy François (Warren Jacobs), as well as any water lily and frogs have parasitic relationship, too. While Floraine uses for the love of Marie François Anne uses for sex. But that's life; it is a betrayal of growing up, in which even one become a good friend, as an opportunity to move up the food chain presents itself. At McDonalds, water lily water lily punish others extensively after bathing in the afterglow of a frog. Physical beauty is the currency. Marie gets to call the shots, because Anne, although not ugly, is overweight and has an unflattering hairstyle. Ann tries to fight back, using her breasts as a rich reward (magnifying glass with its Happy Meal way comments on the flat chest Marie), but the tadpoles (Marie thinks she's better than Ann, better than the water lily) indicates that her breasts are a by-product of fat. <br /> <br /> teenage girls can be tough with each other. <br /> <br /> Later in the last shot «Naissance de pieuvres» suggests that Marie has a double, and also this symbiosis between the water lilies has the potential to transform the parasites in the near future, when it no longer has. Teenage girls can be tough to each other in such a way that it can not meet not a boy.
