Water Lilies is done well the first film from France about young women's sexuality and friendship. Sciamma works with specialized and slightly ennobled material, which is deter some, as it is attractive to others. The film focuses solely on the three girls of middle class teenagers break the new suburb of Paris. Their life revolves around the large indoor swimming pool, where two of the three are part of a synchronized water ballet team. <br /> <br /> This distracted parents, brothers and sisters, work and school were carefully cut out of the equation. Central resentment belongs surly attractive but skinny Marie (Pauline Akkar), which is not in the team, but thinks she would like to be. Marie worships Floriane (Adèle Haenel), magic blonde and teams standout, which after the boys. It takes Marie on her former best friend, and also a member of the water ballet team, several plump Anne (Louise Blacker). It is less specific Anne more accurately available for boys. Floriane, like this film, promises a bit more than it really offers. Marie has a more substantial quality for a teenage girl: she is suffering internally. Flroiane not suffer so much as a leap into the situation, and then bolt. <br /> <br /> Marie blinded by the glamor of water ballet, and Florian. Floriane uses it to make its first slave Marie and cover for her bank notes, and then, without any other friends, her confidant. All the other girls think Floriane whores illusion it encourages men and boys, she teases, because it leads them. She suffers the fate of a pretty girl be not a man, as an object, and it can not withstand validation boy to give her, wanting to kiss her and her bed, but she does not really care about any of them and knows its defeat them trap . Marie enlisted to act as her friend, as she (unseen) mother does not know what she was going to meet with the boys, she also gets Mary to save her from the boys later. It looked the other way around at first, but needs Floriane Marie as Marie thinks she needs it. Anne left her discomfort with her body and the desire to have sex is earthier and more real than the other girls. <br /> <br /> With all the external conditions, in fear, Sciamma can distinguish subtle changes in the delicate equation objectives and interaction of the three girls. On the other hand water frenzy of the film, which includes a variety of watering and spitting, as well as underwater diving shot, making it feel completely airless sometimes and some of his 95 minutes did not pass so quickly. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and allows the trio sometimes forget their goals and avoiding the ubiquitous and just doing stupid, senseless things Woman. It is unusual moments that give the film life; too bad so that there is no more. But Sciamma has the courage of her obsession, and what remains as one goes from the theater personality and their dynamics. Along the way, of course, a pleasure to watch swimming and looking at girls who understandably love to look at themselves. <br /> <br /> There's no great revelation or drum on the road, but it gets a bit more interesting when it turns out that Marie is not only admire, but really wants to Floriane and jealous of her boyfriend - who Floriane always stop before they go all the way. In a typical irony of this kind of story, Floriane actually decides that she wants to be the first real sex with Marie - but Mary is the one who keeps away, because she knows that it will not matter Floriane that it will have it. When this happens, it is a timid, a mechanical thing. Meanwhile, Anne has a huge crush on François (Warren JACQUIN), a male swimmer, but he, of course, after Florian. Boys is not an element that has been deducted, and always seems to be several dozen ready for the pool or on the dance floor, but they are just the body and face, available hairpin.
