The value of the French name of this film, "La Naissance de Pieuvres», which literally means "octopus Birth" is rather vague, so it is perhaps not surprising that it was sold in English-speaking countries as "Water Lilies." The "lily" with the English name of three teenage girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, who are members of the synchronized swimming team based in a suburb of Paris, and the film is a "transitional age" drama about the development of their first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> One of the features of the film may be unusual for a film of this type is that it focuses exclusively on the relationship between the young people themselves. We did not see their parents or their teachers, and very little of the adult world in general. Three girls are very different in appearance, and is portrayed as very different in character. Shy, retiring Marie thin and tiny and seems to be the youngest of the three. Ann is something simple Jane, Floriane glamorous blonde who is very popular among boys. Three, together with a beautiful male swimmer named Francois, involved in what can be described as love-quadrangle. <br /> <br /> Anne fell in love with Francois, but he was killed by Floriane, who seems to return his feelings, although it is by no means not her only male suitor. In fact, not all supporters Floriane are men, because Marie is in love with her attractive friend. The film charts the way in which developed their friendship; at first glance it seems that simply using Marie Floriane as a convenient excuse, if it is really going to meet with the boys; her parents allegedly opposed her dating boys, but do not have any objection to her going out with friends. In the future, however, we realize that, in spite of Floriane image as a sexy, popular girl who is always in the center of male attention, she really is a sense of reciprocity Marie. The film changes some traditional stereotypes about sexuality. Anne with her short hair and a rather stocky figure, looks like a typical "butcher", but it is only one of the three main characters that uniquely heterosexual, while the more traditionally feminine and glamorous Marie Floriane lesbian, or at least , bisexual. <br /> <br /> puberty film is common enough, although most of them tend to avoid controversial topics teenage lesbianism. "Water Lilies", however, deals with the subject in a sensitive way, with three very good performances of the three leading actresses Pauline Akkar, Adèle Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationship between the characters, especially between Marie and Florian, complex, and are capable of a number of interpretations. (Is Floriane, for example, simply using Marie for sex, or does it really have romantic feelings for her? Maybe sloppy Floriane behavior with Francois and the other boys just be a device to hide their lesbian feelings from the outside world? Or even to hide them from yourself) it was the first film made by his young filmmaker Celine Shiamma (only 27 at the time); On this basis, it should be considered as a promising newcomer. 7/10
