This one is a fuss; many fans Trek not rate this as highly as is well known, all time classic episodes, because it lacks the deeper meaning or nuance of these really great people, but it is one so well for what it is as successful as pure entertainment it always makes my personal list of the top half-dozen episodes, no matter what kind of mood I'm in. Several well-known movies of the future ( "Westworld") and TV shows (softer "Fantasy Island") took the example of the premise of this episode (then, of course, the PPP concept to show redesigned holodeck technology). Beautifully shot (especially evident in the restored version on DVD) and sent, it takes place in a nice park atmosphere of the planet, which only venture profits. It is strange that no animal life, even the insects do not seem to exist here (as the flowers are pollinated, for example), but things get really amazing when landing members begin to see people from his past (Kirk, there are people-heavy past, it turns out) as well as data from other well-known stories of fantasy. Sulu even finds a police revolver old style (adding to his collection of balls, no doubt). <br /> <br /> At this point in the Trek series (half-way through the first season), the main characters were largely solidified on old friends we have learned over many years of output. Here we get to really see them relax, return and work together to figure out the mystery of this episode: a strong story mystery again, sort of, and the audience for the trip, Kirk and friends try to unravel the very strange series of events that have clearly funny taste to them . It's almost capricious, following in the light-hearted style, set on a spaceship, Kirk was finally shining down maneuver after the show some signs of stress and fatigue (the company was, he suggested, had just completed a harrowing mission). Then Dr. McCoy was killed by a knight on a horse; Yes, this is the last episode of Dr. McCoy ... kidding. But, it's not a joke the rest of the troops in this moment in history. McCoy really is dead for all intents and purposes, and as the best episodes of Trek, the second half of this adventure turns into a crazy, desperate over the pace of action and suspense. All it signals a decisive answer Kirk Sulu, a voice of his lack of understanding of any of these events only after McCoy's death. - Kirk to get to all that, in spite of everything <br /> <br /> But, it does not get much easier Kirk: what follows is probably the longest set Mano-a-manna fight for the series, Kirk fights with his Nemesis with his academy days, a fight that seems to be the case for more than half of the planet. However, this is balanced by scenes of unusual tenderness, with other past Kirk's friends. This episode runs the gamut of all human experience and fitting in light of what we learn about the true purpose of this amazing planet. It is pleased that the script really explain everything that has happened, in contrast to some nonsensical approach that permeates many other fantasy and science-fiction series with similar storylines (unexplained appearances of persons who could not be there). And really the subtext of the story - that we, the people, need to "work" with our stress and fatigue in a certain manner, or we just do not work in a "normal" in a natural way. Also, pay attention to the appearance of a very cute Yeoman mounds and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand, who did not return until the first film in the Trek 79. I believe that after this episode, even more fans Trek can not wait for the next occurrence of all their favorite characters. But I leave the episode from the last, perhaps tantalizing thought: if Mack was killed (verified Spkami), we know that it was our Real McCoy, who beamed back to the ship? Perhaps this explains why it is even Mack inspection starships about a century later and arrange very well with the data.
