Another episode from his childhood that, as an adult, I look at from a different perspective. It was one of my favorite childhood episodes, the one that really cemented my adoration of the show. However, in view of this episode after 20 years, I would say that this is definitely one of the more light, playing on laughter and fun, rather than dramatic and well-constructed plot lines in previous episodes in this, their first and best season perhaps this episode was written for a small R & R fan too! As Mr. Spock would say, the story just is not logical, but there are some funny lines such as, of course, the final one, Mr. Spock in the end - when he asked the captain, McCoy and others, whether they enjoy their R & R and they answer in the affirmative he raises his eyebrows and said, "Fascinating ..." only in the way Mr. Spock could do it. Interesting story, of course, the idea of ​​a theme park being really funny (instead fake and often annoying Disneyland "entertainment", for example), being able to have their wishes actually come true. Indeed, a great idea, but not so well executed. And they came with Theodore Sturgeon, another of the great SF novelist, which they used in the first season, I wonder how much has been done to build for the script, which played Sturgeon. <br /> <br /> Currently, here are a few little things I learned in this place: In 1987 James Gunn set sturgeon premium Theodore for the best short science fiction story. And I will send the rest from this site: In 1968 {} Sturgeon wrote «The Joy Machine», the third scenario for the series Star Trek TV {Amok Time other}, which was never executed. The main reason why it was not used in the series is the fact that it contained expensive special effects sequence that would be too much for their budget. However, the script was adapted into a book of science fiction writer James Gunn (Star Trek # 80, The Original Series) and published by Pocket Books in 1996. <br /> <br /> I sum up all this to say, this episode still very nice, especially if you do not think about it too much. Just laugh and enjoy this and the next episode, we can get back to serious things to protect the universe.
