Invisible starts shining, but the vices scientist Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon), finally works, how to make things visible after they became invisible to his own serum. They test the serum on the already invisible gorilla and it works fine, Caine and his, but at that time the assistant team celebrate as it should inform about the breakthrough of his military supporters Caine wants to be first invisible man. He managed to convince my team to help him, and the procedure works well and Caine becomes invisible, but when they try to get him back in the serum is not possible and it remains invisible. The team desperately search for an antidote, but nothing works, Caine slowly begins to lose his grip on reality, as he realizes that the force he has, but is not able to use it in a trap in the laboratory. But then he again unseen right, he can do whatever he wants ... <br /> <br /> Director: Paul Verhoeven I quite liked the Hollow Man. You know, it's just after Christmas, I saw it a few hours ago in the late night / early morning cable TV and worst of all, I feel sick, and not because of the film, but because of the candy and soda pop I had over last week, so I'll keep this one short. Scenario Andrew W. Marlowe has a decent pace on, but it's a bit of drag in the middle and has a good central premise systems, it takes the basic idea that being invisible to make you mad just like in the original The Invisible Man (1933) movie Invisible which obviously has a fair bit. It controls have small successful mixture horror, science fiction and provides good action & entertainment value for 110 minutes odd. I thought the character was right, I thought that some of the ideas in the movie was good, although I think that it is generally known that the Supreme is not involved in the details, the first thing he invisible Caine do sexually molesting one of his team & then when it gets to the outside world, it has Caine rape a woman with a justification "going to know," Caine says that currently. Then, of course, there is blood, it shows a rat breaks and this is just an introductory scene after the credits, to be fair to him violence is a little more sparse at this time, but still quite unpleasant sadistic and tons of it, saying that I love horror movies / blood / performance films as Hollow Man delivers for me, it's just that it might not be everybody's cup of tea. <br /> <br /> Director Verhoeven does a great job, and it has to be special effects boys make it look good. Special effects in Hollow Man are truly spectacular and more or less flawless, their brilliant and it is so simple and straight forward as that. There are some good horror and action set-parts here, and even if the climatic battle a little more-top. I love the effect when Kevin Bacon disappears one layer at a time, complete with veins, organs and bones on full show or when the reverse happens with a gorilla. There's a few gory moments, including being eaten by a rat who impaled on Spike and someone emptied their heads open with the results of the blood spatter. <br /> <br /> With a stunning budget of about $ 95 million Hollow Man technically flawless, I can imagine the interview on DVD, where some special effects Boffin says they mapped the entire body with Bacon, until his last vein they actually because you know everyone is watching to see when one of his veins was missing or in the wrong position Wouldn «t they? The action was good, Bacon made for a good mad scientist type anti-hero guy. <br /> <br /> Hollow Man is one of the hose Hollwood big budget extravaganza, where effects and stage action to take over the center of any significant history or character, but to be honest all the time, we like that in the film, well, I know what to do. A good solid big-budget entertainment with a little nasty and a dark stripe than the usual Hollywood product, definitely worth a look.
