It seems a lot IMDB comment on the film shift, in the sense that they are trying to compare it with the older version. True, the "Invisible" is a remake of the kind of "invisible man", but this is where the similarity ends. "Invisible" is an entertaining film, period. If you watch a movie with the aim to find as many defects as possible, then you should not watch movies in the first place. However, some films just awful and unbearable, but the "Invisible Man" manages to entertain and make you think that you could do if you were invisible, and if you have your ex to be put to one of his friends. Kevin Bacon stars as an eccentric scientist who along with a team of employees, to identify a way to make an animal invisible. Now his mission is to make them visible again. If this team of young scientists (work, as you might guess, the Pentagon) said that they have the formula for the manufacture of animal visible again, Kevin Bacon volunteers to be the first to try a new experimental drug. After that, of course, things do not go as Kevin Bacon is invisible to the rest of the film, and are required to wear a latex mask, so that its employees know where he is. Sense of paranoia and despair, begins to take on the character of Kevin, and when he learns that his ex-girlfriend and the employee (Elisabeth Shue) has a torrid romance with another young scientists in the team, he finally snaps. The film then turns into a hybrid of "Alien" and the chopper Flick, but it does not mean it's a bad place. There are scares and shudder, and the film moves at a good pace. The special effects are top notch (the quality is always preferred in all the films of Paul Verhoeven), as we shall see, some of the "body" of the restoration sequence never seen on film before. If there is anything to complain about, perhaps, it is the predictability of the situation in this document; in the first hour of the film you KNOW Kevin Bacon will make the leap from that strange and eccentric madman be fatal in the end. And the ending is a little abrupt, but, despite this, the Invisible still worth watching. If you want to know what is really bad movie, then spend money on «FEAR DOT COM» (with Dorff) or worse Untold (or «Sasquatsh», with Land Henricks). Now it's "hollow"! 8 * 10 *!
