It is commonplace nature porn. For porn, I do not mean sex. I mean, royalty-free images (for example) of thousands of birds together, or hundreds of walruses, or a giant waterfall or the iceberg. Several shots in the film, seems to exist only to make his way into the trailer to get people to the theaters to see it all ten seconds, before it disappears never seen for the rest of the film. <, Br /> <br /> There is almost no plot in this film. He told to wait for the story of three families of animals, "better than March of the Penguins" movie just does not deliver. The fault lies in three key areas: (1) the authors who gave James Earl Jones are some of the worst lines to tell in the history of the nature of the film, (2) the musical team that over-dramatized all, to tell you what you need to feel, even if the film is not able to motivate, and finally, but most importantly (3) processors, which had a history of jumping from one place to another without rhyme or reason, no continuity, no flow, sucking the life out of the film - a film about the life. When we got to the whales halfway through the movie, I sank back into his seat in horror, hoping that the film was more than half-way, and that I would be able to withstand the test of endurance for a long time with the animals on the screen. <br /> <br /> There was also almost no science in the movie at all. They attributed to hot and cold (all, not just the time of year), exclusively for the tilt of the Earth, ignoring the fact that we have an even more extreme from place to place, when there was no tilt, so that the poles will never be the heat. And it would be the worst thing if we did not have a rotation (with respect to the revolution), Mercury, because half of the world will bake and freeze the other half. Then at the end they used the phrase "people and animals," as if people are not animals, somehow exempt from the laws of nature. So much for science. <br /> <br /> I have to credit the work of the chamber, however, and again, so I call it nature porn. Everything from super slow motion to the point that seems to be fine-tuned mechanically controlled during filming, was put to use to provide some (and I warn only "some"), the wonderful moments that really raise the bar compared to other nature films. However, I am not sure that it was all nature on screen. Some of the images, which show a great watering hole in Africa, as it has changed from season to season, it seemed to me as a CGI. The director could have expected such a suspicion and built in other shots, to show that all this is natural, but they did not. <br /> <br /> For a film about the world, I was expecting a lot more of the Earth is shown. What we saw was intact. We had to take the word of the narrator him that some species are under threat due to climate change. They did not show us the proof of it. They did not show us the toxic tailings Alberta can be seen from space. They did not show us the great Pacific garbage whorl. They did not show us a picture of the night illumination of people around the world. It is so much of the Earth, just like everything else. Why cover it for the wellbeing whitewash? <br /> <br /> My last criticism predation content. Each time, when the predator was shown on the screen is actually hunting prey, music has become almost the Mt Doom scene from Lord of the Rings, with a predator portrayed as a kind of Sauron ultimate-evil character. But predators are not evil. They perform the necessary services to ensure that the best representatives of ungulate species survive. We are predators themselves. Every time a predator to catch prey, we immediately cut something else to kind of pretend that death and the food is actually not the case. The final insult was the "father" polar bear left to die after he dared to try to eat. "Bad bear! Bad! "Can be heard, as they say. <br /> <br /> In the presentation. My theater may be partly to blame for this, but perhaps not. I was expecting to see something more clearly than I could see on my LCD HDTV at home. But the picture was blurred, and was presented in the same ratio of 16: 9 I could get at home, and do not come in these days in the broader relationship a lot of movies. And during a futuristic scene near the end of the film (I can not imagine that it is in digital form, how it looked) was damaged and we lost a few colors, eventually darkening completely. This is repeated about three times. <br /> <br /> If they actually plant a tree in my name, it's worth it. But how will I know?
