Warning spoilers for those people who want to see for themselves that the animals and landscapes pass before their eyes, though I do not speak about it in detail. <br /> <br /> «Earth» is approx. 90 minute version of the movie based on "Planet Earth," which I watched everything on BBC TV.The TV version was passed by David Attenborough, exciting commentator, I would also like to do this for the "Earth", but Patrick Stewart, Star Trek Captain Picard . There are regular shots of the Earth from space, so that it may be appropriate. In any case, if he has enough pleasant and quiet voice behind him. There are 12 chapters in which we go to animal life on Earth from the North Pole to Antarctica. 3 animal family, polar bear, an elephant and a whale is in more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" starting with an indication of how far from the North Pole or the Equator it. We see something for every kind of animal, but only mammals and birds as well as fish and some great shots of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungles, near-perfect presentation of the diversity of life and landscapes, and climate on Earth. You get the impression that our planet only live animals, people or a village or city, not in the film, this is a typical character of a documentary, but exciting shot and accompanied by beautiful music. If the movie opened, I already knew that it would end too soon for me. This is a family film, so do not be cruel killing of any animals. If one caught him hunting shot ends up in other cases, when we see the capture of prey he shot in slow motion, which makes it less rigid and watchable for young children (age limit of 6 in the Netherlands). Blood does not flow. Some scenes (newborn animals) is very nice and will be loved by children. It looks like an ordinary nature of the film, but if you know how many days of shooting took (4000) and how much money it was worth it becomes even more a part of an amazing beauty. It was yesterday is the Dutch prime minister, a month before the actual release, in a movie theater with 500 seats, of which 15 were accepted. True beauty is rarely interesting movie audience, I think. I knew the show, I was, of course, very interesting, when my favorite scenes to him in this film. Some of them did not, but the most impressive shots (large waterfall) did, thankfully. It was the first time I cried in the nature of cinema.
