I have not heard anything but great things about the 2006 mini-series of television, "Planet Earth", narrated by my childhood idol David Attenborough. However, whether it was on the screen here in Australia or not, I never caught up with him, and when I came across the opportunity to see "the Earth (2007)" ?? full-length collection of the same nature on the big shots ?? screen, I jumped at the chance. the theater was mostly empty, only one round was sitting in the row in front of me, and it was as if I was not the only big screen for themselves, but, in fact, the entire planet Earth. for 90 minutes later I was dropped off at the beauty and the danger of an isolated desert, among some of the most beautiful living creatures ever captured on the plo kyo. Astonishing in its scope, yet intimate excruciatingly long "Earth" is a heartfelt plea from the filmmakers recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet, and the invasion of people placed countless magnificent animal and plant species in danger of extinction. <br /> <br /> Although the film, directed by Alistair Foterzhil and Mark Linfield, obviously stands for wildlife conservation, he refrains from beating us at the head of propaganda, and the puzzle that is the policy generally ignored; in fact, there are no people in sight. Instead, we just took on an exciting journey in the majesty of the natural world, to test resistance, as well as the fragility of life on Earth. I've heard that the original mini-series, which ran for eleven episodes, delves much deeper into the scientific background of the world's ecosystems, but I think that here, the filmmakers made the wise decision to replace the information with emotional impact I can 'remember the last time I felt so inspired, and yet utterly heartbroken at the same time. Creating an emotional connection between the audience and choose a few individual animals, anthropomorphising them to such an extent that we are suddenly able to assess the "human side" of every kind, and their hopeless Heavy survival becomes less statistics and more unacceptable tragedy. <br /> <br /> «Earth» is mostly the choice of dramatic episodes, whether it is a struggle of the female polar bear, to bring her young cubs in the Arctic ice, or tramp of a herd of elephants in the direction of saving the life of seasonal flood waters in the delta Okavango river. The documentary shows the delicate balance between life and death, most heartbreakingly desperate ballet exhibited in predator-prey interactions. Although sometimes, perhaps to satisfy towards a younger audience, staff cuts himself short at the crucial moment, I regularly throw at break in the inevitability of death in nature, and raw instinct that feeds the final, desperate effort of these animals to survive. There's even a haunting beauty to be found in the hunt, both in slow motion frames cheetah Wali their prey {result} a fatal misstep or majestic mid air jump in the great white shark, as it will absorb the hapless sea lion. It is this delicate balance that was fatally disrupted selfishness of our own species. <br /> <br /> In addition to these main stories, we were treated to a short snippet of wildlife from around the world, including birds of paradise of Papua New Guinea, and the autumn migration of the Demoiselle. Of course, the entire movie could have been devoted to only these types, and the inevitable consequence of having to sift through so many shots that some interesting ecosystem is ignored far taken quickly. Choosing the most attention on polar bears, elephants and humpback whales ?? Tracing their way of life, with the help of some amazing high-definition time-lapse shooting, during the year calender ?? the filmmakers were able to avoid any structural problems that might arise from the fact that much to show, and only 90 minutes to show this. Thus, the "Earth" left me hungry for more, and fortunately I now have about eleven o'clock longer, as soon as I can track down a copy of the DVD box set for «Planet Earth». Lifting up and tear-jerking, causing fear and good, "Earth" is a truly delightful experience documentary, and it might just be my favorite movie of 2007.
