Municipality takes the policy of the city, not the country, the state or any major political table. Certainly shines on New York, which is a huge political arena, especially in our time, but it still goes on a smaller scale and puts under the microscope for several key players in a row stumbled on the right hand of the mayor. Directed by Harold Becker Director very familiar with elements of thriller, making Mercury Rising, Malice, and internal unrest, and I think that in many respects it includes so many formulaic thriller genre that it almost to capacity. I mean City Hall aims to be a political drama, Sun thriller, but instead, when all is said and done, and once you get the meat and potatoes of the movie it feels and looks like a thriller, but a decent one at that, with a very an important part of the recipe, which immediately makes it stand out ... what else ... or, rather, who else ... Al Pacino. The film begins by giving you a really good perspective on life in the city hall and the inner workings of the city. As the film continues, he expands the political spectrum, to include the democratic boss and his connection, and then we meet with some of the goings on in the city. As the events of the mystery begins and the political aspect of the form on the left in the background, but it still has a brilliant set up. <br /> <br /> I absolutely hate to talk about Al Pacino. I mean, even if he did not give good results, how could I ever say? Man acts royalty. There is just something shiny on his whole demeanor. In the mayor's office Pacino plays the mayor of New York. He has a sense of duty and honor, and immediately seemed to be a very decent politician. It also provides one of the most powerful and open engagement of the speeches I have ever seen at a funeral, "James Bone». Again I watched it four times and the first time I saw Pacino to my mouth gaped open, and I almost wanted to stand up and clap. His brilliantly written and brilliantly acted Pacino. John Cusack, which I really like, as an actor, is in the ordinary and overdone performance as Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun. He is a kind of film and its focus and Pacino have good chemistry together, if they are on the screen, but there's just something in this play ... it seems like he's trying too hard. His accent is just amazing, and although it has to be a thug and he does not get a terrible, seems to pull it off. Maybe he had to turn off the film. Bridget Fonda, her ways with its highest point star does a good job as a lawyer for the police widows Marybeth Cogan. Her work is very similar to John Cusack, it just does not seem to find its groove with this character. Aiello is terrific, although his character is a little under study how democratic the boss with ties to the Mafia Frank Anselm. Martin Landau does a decent cameo as a judge under scrutiny Walter Stern. <br /> <br /> The problem is evident from the Town Hall in my review of the characters and actors. All of this ... all right. There is a lot of history, they are trying to withdraw without actually showing it, and it unfortunately leaves you a bit confused about all the plot. And, of course, you have Al Pacino in a fairly small supporting role, but he is absolutely brilliant at it and eclipses and overshadows any other actor in the film. It almost feels like perhaps they are intimidated by it to be on screen with them. So the mayor's office could this huge epic political drama / thriller, but he felt the cut and toned down to the middle term of the mill but it is still not visible for Pacino and another spin on the inner workings of politics. If you just do not see this movie, you find it Pacino James Bone's funeral, because the word is electrifying, it does not seem to give it justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino is so incredible, because in a mediocre film, he pulls out this bashing with it and makes you feel. If you're a fan of John Cusack, I ... he's definitely done better, but he is the main character, and on the whole he will get his justice. Decent movie, but unfortunately, the potential loss. 7.5 / 10
