The film belongs to the classical theme. In fact, it is the topic of the exploited Batman, from start to finish, but in real-world data and information. The mayor of New York, praised and very diligent and dynamic to get a project through a bit faster than usual, concede some pressure from some private commercial contractors of the criminal drug dealers who were sent and kept in prison, and he seals the judge turn to release him on probation, despite the negative report of the probation, which disappears, but not destroyed, it is only because of the political importance it represents. And what was going to happen happens, and several people, including a black student was killed in a shootout with police between the detective and the offender. City may explode because of this: racial tension because black students and social tension due to the unreliability of such criminals are free to roam around and continue their criminal activities, it is public. Unluckily the film does not show that power is very good and worth the investigation of the first deputy mayor, who wants to know the truth, and not find it. But on the way, several witnesses were killed, and those who played a role in the overall business forced to resign (the judge), to finish his career and life (the contractor or the contractor to go between), a civil servant, who was ready to deliver disappear report on probation and some shady character after he gives some important information. The mayor himself retires and takes a long vacation; But the main interest of the film in the study of seizures mayor makes to hide the problem and seizures he remembers that done in the past, which led to this case, probation error. Political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black and all gray, which is never convenient to individuals who make decisions invoked as a reason for the disbelievers, but effective solutions. We are not talking about the necessary compromises in order to get some consensus in some areas, which are crucial for the public interest. It is about considering as a less important to take a bad decision about a fine or alleged petty criminals than any infrastructure or economic project in the city. It is not typical for New York. This is true in any mayor. It's just a greater quantity and quality in a large metropolis like New York and, of course, in a city or a country where police departments are controlled by municipal and political imperatives. The young deputy mayor, thus pushing the old mayor of the way, and he rips off his desire to become governor of the State of New York to become US president. Mayor ideal option because of Al Pacino offers us, as he is able to express ten minutes with a facial expression that makes the whole dialogue is useless. I think, the end of a little vague with ex-deputy mayor to campaign in their own names. This probably means that he was so attached to justice, because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his own way. Thus, it is not better than all the others, just too young, his ambitions. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University, Université Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and the University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
