Wow ... more than 5 hours Riget. Lars continues a great combination of the occult, dark horror and soap opera drama. Picking up right where the last episode of the last series finished (complete with the same high intensity and suspense, although it is not the last one, because it's better or worse), this setting in the franchise seems a bit more bent hastily ... in the last series seemed to pass in a day or a week between each episode, while this is certainly a long section ... where one episode ends, the next begins. Much can be said about Lars von Trier ... but it is very diverse and quite eccentric. Both the quality shows in this. The plot continues to be superior, and now has several regular characters who were minor players in the last four episodes of more attention. Basically, each character of the first back at least as far as the main roles go. Walking is not as sharp as in the first part, and I was less than covered it. It is not in any way to say that it is not related to me, but ... I still found myself constantly watching, and at several points react strongly, often aloud, to the fact that there is (very unusual behavior for me I incredibly quiet man), because I was in the first. Like the first, it also brings some laden with ethical issues. Based on the foundation of the first, it brings the story next ... and to be a continuation of, the scope is also greater. Grander. Other alcoholic beverages, more amazing phenomenon, more storylines. Strong graphic material of the first and back, and he was driven up a notch. The characters develop further. Act wonderfully as the first. Udo Kier solidified his immense talent, for those who doubted. The game is very complex character (anyone who has seen the first series may be likely to understand what I mean) * and * he did not speak the language of the current (later it was dubbed) ... and still time award of such a strong performance. The cinema is great and still very manual, with fast zoom and occasionally a long double. Editing sharply, with a few straight cuts in the sound (although they were more visible in the first). Now, with all that said, I would really like to be able to assess the ideal 10 ... or, at least, just under the ground, as the first four episodes. I really liked to watch and I do not regret it in the slightest degree. But these are my weaknesses ... those first part was more. As the first, humor, just takes up too much space ... and this time, it's even worse. There are a few new regular characters who are there for no other reason than to provide comic relief ... three of them, not less. Scenes are created and executed for no other reason than to make the audience laugh. Penalty for comedy, but what he does in this black and bad, yes, nothing missing at times sadistic, piece of horror? lone loneliness cache Helmer passes from the hospital roof ... from which he could see his beloved Sweden ... in the bathroom. With an angle within the bowl. No, you read that right. In general, the humor seems more low-brow ... more sex and bodily functions, jokes that, again, the question arises: "Why?". While most of the letters perfectly, some of them quite terrible. Several scenes are mainly copied from the first mini-series (one might assume because of their popularity when it aired). Times, AMD seems to be a little more pathetic than the first, and he jumps too much time. Fortunately, rarely, but still noticeable, plot points and points too easily explained (defined character lives in Denmark, for no apparent reason, for example ... one who has seen it knows who I'm talking about). Two dishwashers, at the same time mysterious and penetrating, getting too much of a trick ... overexpose too, in the end, I think. Most of the scenes with them still nice though. In addition to this, I want to reassure any reader this is that, despite all the negative things that I just wrote, it is still mostly good ... definitely enjoyable, compelling, powerful ... and in my humble opinion, must be visible to anyone who liked the first (although, if they belong to this group, do not expect to feel that the story is over after seeing this more than you did after the first). I recommend it to any fan of Lars von Trier, and those who enjoyed the first Riget and wants more where that came from. I urge anyone who is even considering watching it, make sure that you have seen all of the first, before you do ... I bought it before I bought the first, but I kept on watching until I bought the first and watched that, and I can not tell you how glad I am that I did. Although this is a summary of events in the first, there is a large amount of details and issues that you would miss if you did not see it before you see it. Slightly less than a sequel, but definitely another one to see if you liked the first. 8/10
