"Cinema is the ultimate pervert art does not give you what you want .. It tells you how to desire» <br /> <br /> So begins "The Pervert's Guide to Cinema", in which the Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Zizek uses a Freudian / Lacanian brains scalpel in the film world. This film is in three parts is the second documentary filmmaker Sophie Fiennes (yes, the sister of Ralph and Joseph), and this is a notable achievement, with a clock speed of 2 1/2 hours of talk time from a single person, and yet remaining humorous and engaging throughout. In essence, this is an extended lecture film, and one of the best you can ever get. Throughout the film, Zizka lead us through a catalog of obsession and desire in cinema history. It affects more than 40 films and, in particular, spend a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, the Marx Brothers, and Eisenstein. But he also takes a close look at the "Persona", "Talk", "Three Colors: Blue," "The Exorcist," "Dogville," "Fight Club" and feature requests Zizek in movies ranging from the idea of ​​longing for death from "coordinates of desire "and from Gnosticism to the" partial objects. " <br /> <br /> «pervert Guide" will be a little better experience if you've done a few minutes to cram your basic Freudian terminology. However, even if you are not immersed in psychoanalytic theory, dynamic and cheerful personality Zizek carries the film forward with such gusto that you probably will not balk at the specialized jargon. The film is often carve out video images Zizek * inside * the movie, he says - that is, in their original locations and sets. Transitions in these sequences withstand such tension and humor that trick never gets old. And Zizek constantly makes us laugh, or "The Birds" of the amazing jokes or his enthusiastic insistence on, for example, a bold interpretation of the Oedipus. And it is to go ahead and laugh, attitude, both on the part of Fiennes and Zizek, it is essential to the nature of gonzo movie. It spoonful of sugar that helps us digest strange medicine Zizek. In the end, we all have a sense that, past a certain point, psychology theorists simply pulling the legs?
