He's stocky, sweaty, slightly cross-eyed and restless. He stands in front of us, and calls himself a pervert. He argues that we ?? Film viewers ?? take a screen like the toilet, and all secretly wishing all the s ** t explode from within. He is unpredictable and frightening. Well ??? Well, you could have guessed: he is one of the leading philosophers of the century <br /> <br /> Glory ?? I ?? EC is both the narrator and the subject of an extraordinary new film Sophie Fiennes. Pervert's Guide to Cinema. Fiennes shows feature long lecture ?? I ?? EC, and does so in two ways: by providing exemplary film clips and put ?? I ?? EC on the real (or reconstructed) locations from the movies he's talking about. It is always a pleasure to watch carefully suspended scene of great films (although Revenge of the Sith gained here as well), but the main attraction in the Guide pervert ?? it ?? I ?? EC itself. What makes the film so much fun to watch is undeniable question one can not help but ask again and again: that more outrageous ?? I ?? Eco views or ?? I ?? Eco screen presence? In the documentary Astra Taylor (?? i ?? ek!, 05), the Slovenian philosopher once admitted his fear of silence. For example, he claimed that he feels that he does not exist in the first place, the only way to do all of the other people believe that he does it all the time and talking frantically. And speak he did, and how. Also pervert guide to ?? dominates his voice ?? providing the perfect English in the most crazy way, and do some amazing moments of the movie. <br /> <br /> What is it? Well, for example, he sees the unwillingness of the Chaplin talking a picture of a sign of the universal voice of fear itself (kind of alien forces, taking over man ?? thinks ventriloquist segment dull night [45]). He says that the perverse nature of the movie, to teach us to desire certain objects, not to provide us with them. It identifies Groucho Marx as a super ego, Chico and Harpo as an ego as an identifier. He says that a million other interesting things, and all this time we can not take my eyes off him, so convincing (and fun) is its appearance. At some point I could not help but look at his fat, dirty hair and wondering what the brain is stored underneath. Thirst, of course, for more ideas. <br /> <br /> The most characteristic ?? I ?? Read Eco Lynch and Hitchcock (which is not surprising, since he wrote about both of them). The cumulative effect of many brilliantly edited clips of their respective work done these parts ?? I ?? Eco commemorative lecture and ?? Unlike other ?? It's hard to argue with, as it seems, really got things right in these two directors. This is not going to read it Tarkovsky, for example, to whom he stubbornly imposes its wholly materialistic view of reality, rejecting precisely what is so beautiful in all of Tarkovsky (namely strong religious intuition and drawings). <br /> <br /> the question is not ?? ?? Or I ki inspired and brilliant, because it is; or Fiennes film worth watching, because it is the same. The real question is rather: there ?? I ?? EK views coherent? A reasonable observation of others to do for the vast intellectual journey, but after all this is over, some doubts remain. For example: when considering Vertigo (58) ?? I ?? EC states that lies behind the human face is a perfect void, making himself face only a facade: something with deceit in their own vehicles. However, if in the final sequence we hear about all the shattering finale City Lights (31) as a portrait of a man fully exposed to the other, it's hard not to wonder what happened to the entire facade-things ?? ? Why do we have to face the intrinsic value of the real thing Chaplin and deprive Kim Novak this same privilege in two bold moves ??? Or it may be that inconsistencies can also be read from the point of view of lacquer? (The name is well-known "unreadable" by the French psychoanalyst is the basis ?? ?? I thought Eco.) The film has all the advantages of a magnificent two-and-a-half hours of lectures: a lot of land covered with many prospects for self-employment, even some top-notch acuity did (when? ? i ?? ek boat rides on Melanie Daniels from birds [63] and trying to think how she did it, it comes up with: "I want to f ** k Mitch") But it also has one drawback that!. not peculiar to two-and-a-half hours of lectures as such:. it's almost obsessive backing ?? I ?? Eco thread on how to d Leka us from the Real is as good as any other psychoanalytic yarn, but after 80 minutes it is quite clear that one of the perverse pleasures ?? I ?? Eco ramble on and changing things all the time. The overall effect is to be swept away by a giant, cool, waves hiss: you are both taken by surprise, updated, in mortal danger, and not to confuse the end you have finished playing, your head is full of ideas entirely your own and you're already planning to re-watch some movies ??. but you also share the feeling of having experienced a disaster <br /> <br /> The final question :. I made ?? I ?? ESA lost it? Whether or not we were even close to the real thing? After Cinephilia becomes punishable by imprisonment, we will all meet in one big cage, and finally talk to each other (without having any movies about to turn our face towards). I dare you all: who will have the courage to come ?? I ?? EC and to challenge him? I think that as soon as you look into those eyes, in real life, you become a believer.
