Her Deadly Rival (1995): Starring Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan diol, Maffia, Robert S. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitszherald, Dale Fry, Stan Kelly Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Laurie Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford .... Directed by James Hayman, writer Dan Vining. <br /> <br /> Actor Hamlin (Fame LA Law, Clash of the Titans and other films), it seems quite cast in this type of movie «Lifetime» director James Hayman and released in 1995, and his wife Rinne later work on a film about sexual addiction. "Her Deadly Rival", at first glance, looks like a famous Hollywood box-office hit "Fatal Attraction." In the "Competitor" fortunately married couple Jim and Chris Lanford move into a new house in a typically beautiful suburbs. They have a seemingly perfect marriage- they are deeply in love, despite the routine life. But a mysterious fan sets her eyes on Jim. Her identity is never revealed, although Jim attempts and even the investigators to find out who she is. She constantly harass Jim through phone calls and letters. His marriage almost hanging out, his wife begins to think that he is dealing with and trying to hide it. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, and the rest of the cast - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan diol, Roma Maffia, Robert S. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair- everyone seems straight out of a soap opera. But this is a very suspense filled drama and has its good points. There is a twist at the end. Spoiler alert. All I have to say "its mortal enemy" only himself. Based on the alleged case, the wife of Kris Jim suffered from multiple personality disorder, and that was what ruined her marriage. Even if the story is not very impressive, even if only a step above the current soap opera action, this film has its moments. Especially moving are the intimate scenes between Jim and his wife, and the final scene in which, when Jim learns the truth, he can not believe what he just heard. The film is probably a little too long and boring in some parts, but it's kind of a television movie, which usually does well, especially in life expectancy, which continues to produce films of this kind, such as "domestic thriller" or seduction story. Trashy, but everyone loves junk.
