Everyone has a first love, and although it is difficult to define that feeling, when you're younger, ie, aching inside you. That's what puts Malaysian director Yasmin Ahmad prove in his fourth feature, the movies, where the most complex of emotions listed in the deceptively simple, straightforward fashion. <br /> <br /> This approach is especially useful in this case, as in the love story film core includes twelve two-year, and therefore to make any attempt to "deeper" analysis seem far-fetched and pretentious. What they do not do it as evidence of strange plays the leading non-professional actors, and Mohd Sharif Ariana Syafie Naswip. The former plays Orked (already seen as an adult character in the previous picture of Ahmad, Gubra), a lively, almost rebellious girl who might have influenced her "British" upbringing (her mother was studying in England), despises play with dolls, preferring to play hard sports with the boys. Then one day she meets a Muhsin (Naswip), who came to spend their vacation in the house of her aunt, and she suddenly changed their habits: goodbye to fisticuffs, hello bike riding and climbing. But what does it mean? Are they just friends or something more than we have in mind, something none of them are not yet ready to understand, let alone accept? <br /> <br /> Given the young age of heroes, answering these questions borders on impossible, and so, as well as a few "small" films (Translation comes to mind), there is no real closure, choice, which leaves a bitter but ultimately the appropriate finish: naturalistic, unfiltered action (especially in Aryana) fall into the heart almost immediately and a strong supporting cast (Orked family most of all) helps keep in minimalist narrative pleasure, and entice. Approach down to the ground, is not always effective (hilarious story about the wrong neighbor falls too early), and it is difficult to justify the strange link Pulp Fiction in the beginning of the function, but the emotional power of romance teenager enough to make this interesting piece of independent Asian cinema.
