The film begins in the classroom, where it is not surprising that our main actress, Orked was seen in the Chinese language classroom. Later in the film, she asked, why (for Muhsin), she was sent to learn Mandarin. Her answer was simple for the child it is; coz it is already known Malay well. <br /> <br /> It's a bit of romance, you thought about it, but once you stop yourself from reading too much criticism and go for it, you will notice the typical elements of Malaysia. The film mainly focuses on the 10-year-old Orked, who met 12-year-old Muhsin in the game, many of them would think of it as a game boy. Launch of the players, Muhsin (who was new in the village) was forced to allow Orked in a game in which she willingly showed her masculine side. Orked not such an ordinary girl, as it reflects a more masculine behavior, as you will see in the film, protecting Muhsin from a very stormy meeting with his school bullies, throwing out one of the bags bully from school bus windows, throwing punches and kicks to his brother Muhsin, where after he teased Muhsin and so on and so forth. Both were strange friends, and stick closer than this, but the slightest mistake, which most of us will react in the same way, broke both of them, until the day when Muhsin had left the city. <br /> <br /> Now the first film depicts the love between Orked and Muhsin, they started out as friends, but gradually turns into a little more closer relationship, and then to the BGR. You would have noticed the changes made by Yasmin in films for each of the main actors and actresses, when they go through love. Different character was portrayed with zeal and gentle humor. Scenes were random, but it shows as much reality in it, you're stuck on the screen for a long time. You'll love the movie for what it is, and not because you want to be patriots of local scenes, Sogom it means so much more. <br /> <br /> In the movie, the shells around two love birds are also able to find his lens to his parents Orked, her mother, who had been educated in England, very fluent in English, and in which her husband and caretaker in the house with a very large number of attempts at trying to talk back to your own view of the English language, which was the humor all the way really. Let me explain to you why humor can be so prominent that in this movie. And this explanation or description, which you can display only one word can be given, and it is an accident. Often than not, we do not learn to laugh at yourself, and if we do, we do it at the expense of others. This is the same as that which would have mentioned film simply follow the law, Jack Neo - Often, when we do, we do not see the person we have we, but if only when we are in the body of another person, it is only if we learn to see who we really are. And this is true of humor, the more than dignity. <br /> <br /> The film was filled with such a coincidence that the typical facts of our routine life, we spent it can be completely filled with laughter, if we want it to be. <br /> <br /> at the other focus of the film was about how a neighbor Orked, in a couple in which the husband does not love his wife anymore and wanted to find another. Pak Koboi, as what he nicked after was seen polishing your bike every day, and take it for a walk with his new-found friend. The manufacturer did not fail to show you perhaps why her husband wanted to find another wife. Wife was present hurler or the KPC, as we, the Chinese would call it, with interrupting on foreign affairs and to send her own daughter to tease Orked in words only adults could use. In the end, what goes around comes around, and this is probably why bad things happen to want to like it. In each time, being good people around you will not be hurt if you do not have the ego to protect, but again, it's worth? The film also centers around a brother in Muhsin Hussein, who would not go into the city every day until very late at night, smoking, alcohol use, and find "girls". He Muhsin complete opposite, but it is possible, due to family problems. Both brothers remained with my aunt and my parents were far away from them. I will not disclose more storyline, as it may spoil much of the interest in wanting to find it for yourself, but the smallest of all the elements, in which the manufacturer wanted to send a message to the audience is the life of all of us. She wanted us to, at least, I look at life from our point of view, if we do not do. Movies on the go, take us out of our own body, puts us in the position of the character, and use our empty mind is to look at the events of this. Depending on the type and genre of the film, you will be fascinated by how good the film, such as it will reflect and implies a significant impact on you.
