Muhsin beautiful film about the first love story. All are likely to have one, and it's the story of the writer and director Yasmin Ahmad from it, of a boy named Muhsin. We know that her films were semi-autobiographical varieties with scenes made on her personal experience, and it really is the sharing and transfer of these emotions on the big screen, which has her films always exudes the warmth of sincerity and honesty. Muhsin is no different, and probably the most polished ad confident work to date (although I must add, as a personal preference that Sepet still holds a special place in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our favorite family that - Otan Pak, Mak Other, Orked and Kak Yam, although this time, we go back to when Orked is age 10. The nature of all of the films under the age we We traveled with them from Rabun to Gubra, and here sister Sharifah Amani Sharif Aryana Sharif Aley assume the role Orked and Mak Inom, respectively, which may have accounted for their excellent chemistry together on-screen, Nevermind, that they do not play role sibling. The only constant seems to be Kak Yam, plays Adib Noor, and even Pac Otan my hair color! Mukshin through the movie, we've come full circle with the characters and the world that Yasmin has introduced us. We have come to know and understand a little more family, set in the days when they still live in their kampung (return again in Rabun), where Orked attends Chinese school, and packs some serious combination of punches (and you It asks that a burst of energy in Gubra, well, she had it in her, as the young!). Years of mischief and addicted child, she prefers to play with the boys in the games, rather than meaningless "Masako Masako," with the girls, and favorite trips include going with his family to the football matches. <br /> <br /> The appearance of the boy called Muhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) in the village provides a cool peer to Orked, to hang out and do things out - cycling through the villages, climbing trees, flying kites. And also, it is desirable to explore the intersection of the line between friendship and romance as fine emotions. <br /> <br /> Muhsin has his brazen moments that enliven the story and get laughs because some incidents, we would have experienced it myself, and sometimes a return to our own childhood memories. In short, the scene shouting "fun"! We are seeing life in a typical kampung, where some neighbors very well, while others, curious Parker and rumor mongers spreading rumors patients stemming from envy. There are 2 additional family dynamics saw one immediate neighbor and the other with Muhsin own, both of which serve as appropriate storylines, and contrast Orked own. <br /> <br /> As always, cinema Yasmin filled with wonderful music, and Muhsin, it has something special, the song «Hujan», both written by her father, as well as «Ne Me Quitte By" successfully used in the film Considering that the films in Yasmine to date have focused around the same characters, the beauty is that you can watch as a stand alone, or when watching and pieces, makes a compelling family drama deals with individual themes and universal problems as interracial romance, love and forgiveness. Fans will certainly see a lot of references in Muhsin to the earlier films, while new viewers will certainly be interesting to know why certain values ​​and recurring characters or events, such as a chubby boy who steals a glance at Orked. <br /> <br /> And if we talk about the Whys Of, part Muhsin also interesting discovery that is likely to be the hallmark of style, Yasmin, or intentionally left as such. I thought that as a story about childhood, recalled from memory, that is, the details of which will be omitted for certain. And thin, I felt that Muhsin showed it's great to not so great detail, and focus on what you can remember of significant episodes in between. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended film, and rare is what I feel, suitable for all ages - bring your younger brother or sister!
