If you want to know something about the Spanish Civil War and of all political intrigues and details, let me tell you, you chose the wrong movie. <br /> <br /> This is the vision of the war, as happened in Mallorca, on a small island off the coast of Spain. If war, as it occurs in a small island, which takes the traitor position almost immediately, there is no open-air war. The soldiers sent to the front to fight, in the mainland, while another kind of war going on at home, on a small island. There, neighbors speak other neighbors, sometimes because of their political views contrary to the new regime, but many people are talking about from old family fights, or maybe a silent introvert who does not have friends talked to someone who wants to "earn glasses. "and these things do not happen in the open air. There were some tests, it is true, but many other times, people would just wake up in the middle of the night, taken from their homes to the nearest cemetery, where they were killed. and the next morning the body They will be found, and people will have an idea of ​​what having served Osia, but no one would have dared to say or do anything. We're not talking about soldiers killing someone they have never seen in my life. We're talking about people killing their neighbors, and are likely to greet their widow for the next day, and even attend the funeral of Man, they killed him. We're talking about the villages, with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knew everyone. <br /> <br /> I'm this little island, and I have heard the stories my grandparents told me, and I have to say that this movie upset me, oh yes, it did; but I also found that it is strikingly beautiful and moving. The initial violence is not something the director or the writer made up, that's how it happened during the war. The child, knowing that his father is an assistant in a Nazi unit that killed his father? Quite possibly. Everything that happened after that? It is also possible. TV was real, too. While my island was not a resort it has become. People were poor, illiterate, and worked on small farms. After the war, there were times of difficulties. <br /> <br /> So, you will not find the military history in this film, or at least not the kind of military history, which you would expect. There's no fighting, no soldiers, no political intrigue. It's a sneaky kind of war that occurs when space is limited (just check out the size of the island), when the neighbors to fight with their neighbors, when members of one family are fighting each other, and they live in a place where everyone knows everyone. You will find the story of the damage that this kind of war can lead to people and stories about how they survive the damage, or maybe they're not. <br /> <br /> I have to mention the excellent work done by the authors, who adapted the novel and all the actors who have managed to sound really Majorca. It was great.
