(SPOILERS included) This film is definitely the best production Amicus I've seen so far (though I still have quite a bit to test). The house that dripped blood horror omnibus ?? anthology, which contains four creepy stories involving residents of the vicious, infernal home in the British countryside. A common mistake in performances like this to spend too much energy on the history of the wrapping, linking individual tales ?? film Peter ware wise not to pay too much attention. He just handles about Scotland Yard inspector who comes to the house to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant, and so he learns about strange events that happened there before. All four stories high quality level of the film, and together, they make an ideal healthy. High expectations allowed for this film, as it was completely written by Robert Bloch! So, the same Bloch, who wrote the novel that led to the brilliant horror milestones `Psycho '?? We also marking a solid and very professional debut of Peter the glove as a filmmaker. <br /> <br /> four floors ?? head, if you will ?? in a house that dripped blood contains a good variety of topics, but they are (almost) the same frightening and terrible. Number one processes the horror authors who comes into the house with his wife, to find inspiration for his new book. It starts real well, but after a while, it haunted the villain of his own imagination. The idea of ​​the story is not very original ??, but it is very disturbing, and the culmination of quite strange. The second story of the star (Hammer) horror legend Cushing retired as a stockbroker. Nevertheless, often visited by the image of unattainable and long lost love, he bumps into a wax statue that looks just like her. Cushing's fun to watch, as always ?? even if the topic is not a new wax museum ?? This story appears in the whole fresh and innovative. This chapter also contains some great moments of shock and there is a constant tense atmosphere. This is a great warm-up for what is perhaps the best story: the number 3. Another legendary actor in this, and Christopher Lee violates the perfect image of a frightened father. He was very stern and strict about his young daughter, and he keeps it in isolation from the outside world. Not without reason, as the little girl shows a bizarre fascination for witchcraft and shamanism. In addition, large actor Lee and excellent performance Chloe Franks as the terrible child, this story also has a stunning gothic atmosphere! Diabolical overtones in the story, along with the terrible thunder sound effects makes this story compulsory for fans of the horror. The fourth and final story in which the actor received a vain terror vampire cloak control, it is a little weaker than the others when it comes to strength and confidence, but an overload of subtle humor is more or less compensates for this. There's even a small room in a parody of the story, the main character refers to cooperate stars Christopher Lee Dracula series! Most memorable element in this latest chapter is the presence of a great Ingrid Pitt! The cult-queen with `The Lovers vampire, of course, is one of many moments in the film ?? its splitting in particular. <br /> <br /> No doubt ?? House that dripped blood will be highly appreciated by the classic horror supporters. I really believe that, with a little mood settling agents, this may actually be one of the few films that will scare you and leave a great impression. Intelligent and compelling horror, as it should be! Highly recommended. One additional small note, though: this movie is not ?? repetition CAN NOT, under any circumstances, be confused with 'hostel that dug the blood. " This last one is very annoying and nasty underground 80-shredder, which has nothing to do with this film, with the title she stole in addition.
