British Amicus company's products are widely known as an expert on the horror anthology, and this is a great one-volume edition titled "House, who dug blood" it is, undoubtedly, the best production of Amicus, I've seen so far (though there are quite a few that I have It remains to be seen, though). "The house that dripped blood" consists of four enthusiastic horrific tales, all located in the same horrible mansion. These four stories you can surprise the Gothic atmosphere, and one of the best ensemble casts imaginable. Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee is two of my favorite actors ever) and Denholm Elliot and superb Ingrid Pitt star in this film - so what's the true horror fan, perhaps he could afford to miss out? Nobody, of course, and the film does not have much more to offer than just a great shot. "The house, who dug Blood" revolves around a terrible rural mansion where strange things happen. In four parts, the film tells the story of four heirs. <br /> <br /> The first story, "The method of the murder," says horror story of novelist Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who moved into the house with his wife. After moving in, the writer suddenly feels maniac pursued his own creation ... The first segment is a great kickoff to the film. History terrible and grim everywhere and performances entirelly very well. <br /> <br /> In the second story, «Waxworks», a retired businessman Philip Grayson (Peter Cushing) is moved into the house, and suddenly feels drawn to the mysterious wax museum in the nearby town ... great Cushing once again provides the finest work this, and other performances are also very good. Tale beautiful country, and the second best of the film, after the third. <br /> <br /> The third tale, "Sweets to the sweet" is by far the most brilliant and Creepiest of four. John Reid (Christopher Lee) moves with his little daughter. Private teacher and nanny, Mrs. Norton, which Mr. Reid used to instruct his daughter, excited about the severity of his employer in relation to his daughter, and wants to find out what the cause of the views on the education of over-the father can be ... This is the best segment maintains a very horrible atmosphere and really scary story. Christopher Lee, as always, is magnificent in his role. Naira Don Porter also very good, like a nurse, and my special praise goes to the 11-year-old Chloe Franks. Only in this brilliant segment makes the film must-sees for any true horror fan. <br /> <br /> In the fourth segment, Horror-actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moved into the house with his sexy lover / co -Star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This is the fourth story of satire, more than actually terrified. This is a very funny satire, however, and there are many allusions to other horror movies. At some point, Henderson indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who played in the previous, the third segment ... <br /> <br /> All four segments are wonderfully awful sense of humor and a good atmosphere. As shown above, the third segment is the Creepiest and greatest, but the other three are also atmospheric and often macabrely humorous stories of horror that every fan of horror must evaluate. Igenious atmosphere, terrible sense of humor, this eerieness and brilliant cast make this one a must-see. Summary: "The house, who dug blood" is an excellent Horror-omnibus that no fan of the British horror could not afford to miss. It is highly recommended!
