No-nonsense inspector Hollaway (solid turn John Bennett) is investigating the disappearance of a famous theater and reveals the evil past history of horrible old house. The first and most prosaic story, "the killing method" - a successful author Charles Hillyer (well played by Denholm Elliott) is haunted by images of the bloody executioner, he wrote about in his latest book. Though this output is too obvious and predictable to be something special, it is, nevertheless, to build a real dilly of the surprise ending. The second and the most piquant anecdote, «Waxworks» - Single Philip Grayson (Always outstanding Cushing) and his friend as lonely Neville Rogers (beautiful Ekland), both getting caught with a stuffing wax statue of the beautiful, but death killer. The third and the most frightening vignette, "The sweetness of the sweet" - A quiet, reserved and secretive widower, John Reid (typically stunning Christopher Lee in a rare floor pretty role) hires a nanny Ann Norton (fine naira Don Porter) to take care of it, it seemed It would be sweet and innocent daughter, Jane (strangely similar to the ghost and nervous about the performance of the charming Chloe Franks). This eye-catching this terrible episode of significant disturbing pulse exceptional performances from a gifted child actress francs, which projects a truly disturbing sense of serene evil lurks just beneath the deceptively sweet and innocent angel veneer. Fourth, and most fun, yarn, "Invisible" - a grandiose horror star Paul Henderson (enthusiastically tried to handle haughty Jon Pertwee) acquires a mysterious cloak that makes him turn into a vampire when he wears. This item makes for a good silly fun and additional benefits by threatening pulchritudinous presence juicy Ingrid Pitt as tempting Vampiress Carlo. Director Peter Duffell, working with extremely dark and witty script writer noted striper horror Robert Bloch, supports instant pace throughout and does an excellent job of creating an appropriate eerie atmosphere. Kudos also to crisp cinematography Ray Parslow and shuddery by Michael dress. Especially recommended to fans of the summary fright fare.
