I confess to being biased when I examined it, as this was my introduction to a series. I saw this movie for the first time in 2005 ~ late at night, "Fear Friday" at the AMC, which often pulls obscure gems like this from a cold storage for the new generations. I made it a point to watch the entire series Amicus anthology to consider any of them here to make sure that I had a future. Looking back, I still have to evaluate the house that dripped blood as my favorite, closely followed by Tales From The Crypt and then Asylum. <br /> <br /> I think that all of the elements that make this series of charming --- Vintage «60s /» 70s style cinematography, terrible quirks, flimsy story and complete the British was all right down the music --- - gathered here is better than any of the other as a whole. The film centers around a very old English country house and misfortune befalls everyone who lives within. <br /> <br /> The first story involves a horror writer and his wife who moved to this secluded place to rest from the city, so that he could focus on his passion. It creates a murderous character named Dominic, and soon begins to experience great difficulty telling reality from fiction. There is a fine physchedelia here through his suffering that I found amusing is still terrible. Oh, and the ones that got Propyl teeth (again, this is a British actor perhaps it was REAL !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of a lonely old (Peter Cushing), who moved here to escape his loneliness but it is only getting worse, as he is haunted by a lost love. He seems to have found a possible recovery in the local (very awful) wax museum, but it turns out that it would be much better off alone ....... <br /> <br /> The third story involves great Christopher Lee (my favorite British actor horror) as a single father with a rather disturbed and thoroughly horrible young daughter. He constantly wary of her getting into things that it should not --- witchcraft! She has a natural talent for it, for a good reason. Or here is wonderful as ice discipline, that man has a real talent for the characters in the game that are completely deprived of the heat !! But, despite all efforts, the little troublemaker really does know is forbidden knowledge, and bad things are ...... <br /> <br /> This last story is the story of a cynical old veteran actor, he feels young director he works with are not qualified to grab put the vampire film, up to the quality of costumes and cloak, in particular. Thus, it goes to the old curiosity shop in the middle of a foggy night to get something more "authentic." Little does he know that he took the cloak is really a real vampire! Putting it on the midnight is quite noticeable effects. By the time I got to the fourth and final story, it was after 3am, and I could not sleep on the first attempt (and not out of boredom). But I experience something that I have a hundred times, a curious experience I bonding with movies or music, as I drift in and out of sleep, and movie / music becomes a part of my dream !! Great fun !! This bizarre story was perfect for this and seemed much worse than the first time, than it was in reality, because I woke up in the order when he was levitating force cloak and could not comprehend was that occurs in the first. Soon after, a great Ingrid Pitt, Costar his set, he visited and warned her not to wear a raincoat in the north --- but it should not have bothered, because she was a real vampire himself. Keyboard Jingle chintzy that followed as she flew to him on the stairs was just hysterical !! Again, in my half-asleep state, it seemed quite confusing! Side Note: Make sure to catch Lee and Pete with stunning Amicus star Britt Ekland in the ever-classic film The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest link here was weaving comments between stories, but the stories themselves, it's a classic! Objectively, I would say that the third story the best, but I like the 4th most, because it makes me smile so much.Very highly recommended for fans of horror, and if you're a fan of British horror, is a must! I would say that it is worth seeing the series in chronological order, if you can. The last film in the series, Monster Club (1980) is undoubtedly the weakest. I think the first movie 3-4 during ordinary Torture Garden (1967), with the exception are the best, but if you like any of them, you have to watch them all at least once. You probably will come back many times to watch their favorite.
