Linking History: View another first time for me, and, again, this is one of the most popular anthologies Amicus - and it's easy to see why, even though I realize how pretty meaningless title of the film can be confusing for some; Of course, I presented a selection directed by Peter Duffell in - Death and girl (which, incidentally, is a classic piece of Schubert, which is heard in the film during the episode Peter Cushing) - much more. Although the connection device itself is not so great, the episodes are all equally strong and pleasant. production values ​​come off as very respectable indeed for Duffell budget could work. Last infused the film with great style, which is not so common with this type of film, and frankly, it makes one regret that he wanted to distance himself from the genre (though more so as not to be a type, not because he felt that under it) <br /> <br /> Now the individual stories themselves :. <br /> <br /> «the killing method": opening segment does not offer any surprises, but to compensate for this, he calmly and properly suspense terrible time ( "dummy" villain Tom Adams, looking like a long-lost brother Boris Karloff from the old DARK HOUSE [one thousand nine hundred thirty-two]); Furthermore, it ends with a satisfactory Diabolique twist type, and has a sufficiently strong role Denholm Elliott in the lead. That's all we need from it, in fact <br /> <br /> «Waxworks» :. For the second story, we meet curiously romantic mood, which is quite unusual for this type of film; Cushing and Ekland, both excellent (and impeccably dressed) in their roles of two abandoned women fans, which continues to haunt them even after such a long time, and whose friendly rivalry can lead them only blindly and uncontrollably to the fate of which is literally worse than death; sinister hallucination scene with Peter Cushing's pretty well done in view of the limited resources at hand, and inexplicable inability Ackland - or unwillingness. - to leave the city is somewhat reminiscent of the house traps aristocrats are cut ANGEL Buñuel (1962) <br /> <br /> «Sweetness sweet tooth": this is probably the best episode of all - with its ambiguous role here, Christopher Lee continues to demonstrate its versatility and it is combined with an understanding of naira Don Porter and deceptive innocence Chloe Franks (which is how Lee's daughter). occult film treatment here as a subtle and mature, the culmination of an extremely powerful and terrible "barrier." Trivia note: Chloe Franks looks like an adult in a short film included on the disc, and when I saw it, I immediately felt familiar with her face, but I could not quite put a finger on it. Later, reading her filmography, it showed me that she played a major role in the film adaptation of the long stage Agatha Christie's "The Mousetrap" in London's West End, which my brother and I were lucky enough to catch the time we were there on vacation in summer of 2002 year! Needless to say, we had no idea what she had once created such a delicate - and tasty - an image in sheer evil, mainly owing to its distinct look and devilish smile !! <br /> <br /> «Invisible": stupid, but surprisingly reverential vampire tale (! that still manages to debunk many of the myths attached to the sub-genre, inventing some new), which takes in some wonderful dig in operation cinema and, at some point, he, Christopher Lee!; Jon Pertwee as the wonderfully campy horror stars, which gets more than he bargained for when he tries to bring a measure of the authenticity of the work; Ingrid Pitt sends its image of good, although its role is somewhat subsidiary to the case; Jeffrey Beyldon (made to look like Ernest Tesayger) also has a memorable bit brisk; "Silent Movie" final style was rather cheeky one pull on the audience, I believe - and, while some of the humor come off as tyrannical as "in fearless killer (1967) or THEATER BLOOD's (1973), it is also quite contagious and Of course, the movie ends on a high (and very unusual) notes! <br /> <br /> The video and audio quality is relatively satisfactory, considering that I had no other version to compare it to; the main culprit of some visible damage to the print, but it was never so disgusted as to affect their enjoyment of the film. As for additional services, starting with a comment Audio: to be honest, this is one of the best chats about the genre of movie that I remember listening; Jonathan Rigby gets butt with his opinion more than the usual Post, but his efforts, of course, allows the director Peter Duffell affect each factor of production (as with some other movies, you stay rather expect there to be more!) And, this is a very nice track that complements the main feature is very good indeed. The short film "Horror film A-Rated» is a worthy effort with Peter Duffell again on the center stage, but this time backed by valid when all too short, the contributions from the producer Max J. Rosenberg and stars Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt and Jeffrey Beyldon. We also get the film notes, reviews, biography and poster / still gallery, which, again, perfectly assembled (with current review is a novelty - and welcome one at that).
