Four tales of terror in relation to events in an eerie old mansion told skeptical Scotland Yard investigator Holloway (John Bennett), as he explores the location of the last inhabitant of the house, who dug blood. <br /> <br /> You can only struggle to find words to describe the true brilliance that ?? The house that dripped blood. It seventies horror anthology is very characteristic that is visually innocent film can cause terror in even the most sophisticated audience. Incredibly, the number of descriptions of violence on the screen can be counted on the fingers of one hand, but the film is still able to reflect the brutality and managed to invent the most horrible way with viewers his imagination, all this time to refrain from taking the obvious route of graphic violence. In a rare feature of the early seventies horror of the technical side of the film is almost perfect, from the flawless features a stellar cast (featuring the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) all the way to the beautiful destinations and stories affectionately Peter Duffell and master the dreaded writer Robert Bloch (author of the novel? ? Psycho "). the only real complaint that one can be a ?? the House that dripped blood" are a few asinine plot twist at the end of the first two segments and a predictable ending pattern, but even these small I have the details do not detract from the overall viewing pleasure. <br /> <br /> The first segment is called ?? method of killing ", tells the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), the author of horror, which rents spooky house while he was working on his last novel, working on a novel, Hillyer continues begin to see the bloody character of his story in the house and around it, and soon begins to question the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this part is really unique, and his character is given a strange the plausibility of the air. The key to this segment, as well as with others, it's a mystery surrounding the place. The viewer is made to the question of whether the form of the bloody nature of Dominica just a hallucination, schizophrenia disorder, it really has character. Duffell direction succeeds in creating disturbing the atmosphere in combination with the slow methodical approach to generating the voltage and unknown, necessary to make the segment strongly attracted. <br /> <br /> The next segment is equipped with Cushing as a new resident of the sinister house. During a trip to the city he falls wax museum of horror and decided to venture into. While there, he discovers that the wax model of a beautiful woman who seems to be all too familiar with it. Cushing's character (Philip), then joined his friend Neville (Ekland), who also want to visit the museum, much to the dismay of Philip. In this segment, the viewer is given no more than a very subtle clues to the mystery of wax woman, but as a whole the viewer remains in the dark. There is much less stress to this particular segment of history yet still succeeds in keeping its secrets through the air especially harrowing dream sequence and overall ambiguity of the story. Duffell direction is once again exceptional, and although it is quite possible, the weakest of the four stories, it is undeniable that through some creative direction and reliable operation ?? Panopticon still beautiful entrance to the film. <br /> <br /> ?? Waxworks', it follows that, in my opinion, is the largest of the four segments ?? ?? Sweets to the sweet. " Christopher Lee stars as John Reed, the father of a young girl, who from the beginning has inexplicable fear of fire, which was soon corrected caring nurse Ann Norton (naira Don Porter). Nevertheless, John seems to be harboring dark secrets about the family. ?? The sweetness of the sweet "is the most sober and involved four stories, which is why the segment of undoubtedly attractive to the viewer. Throughout the segment of small and subtle clues are released truth behind the family, but it is not until the very final scene is terrible that all the slots neatly into place. This is the best example of how to use Duffell dramatic tension and suspense, to create an atmosphere of anticipation, which made the whole a great film. Accompanied by a superb location soundtrack ?? Sweets for the sweet "is an exercise in sustained fear that grips the viewer by the throat and refuses to let go until the anguished cry that ends the piece finally stop. Personally, I believe that this short section would make a fascinating and memorable feature film, and I would give this segment a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film ended with the history surrounding the missing performer, researcher who originally was concerned. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt stars as the two performers, who are currently working on a horror film. Pertwee is disgusting character amateur production and film props, and so he buys his cloak vampire by a strange mystery shopping. However, strange things begin to happen, when he wears the cloak, and soon he began to fear the worst. This segment containing the inspector among the events is a good way to wrap a beautiful almanac. Although there is irrefutable camp air in a segment that, in a sense, what makes the story so enjoyable. Unfortunately, there is little in this segment that can be classified as scary in any sense and predictable end can be made better, but nevertheless, the segment has its rescue function. Horror buffs should definitely look at a short comment Pertwee to Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee Dracula image. It's a bit comical and light-hearted approach to the final section, in fact, an adequate and almost natural way of discontinuation picture, even if it lowers the film when compared with earlier examples of uncertainty driven by fear. <br /> <br /> In summary, ?? house that dripped blood "is one of the largest collections of horror, which shows an incredible cast, great story, and above the nominal direction. Of course there are worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life, and while the blood and guts fans will be disappointed, lovers of horror more strenuous efforts should enjoy this film very much. My rating for ?? The house that dripped blood "?? 8/10.
