Omnibus horror movies were popular in the seventies. I do not like them myself, but this one is certainly a great piece of British horror cinema. The house that dripped blood is an omnibus horror, featuring four stories that surround the horrible old house in the country and speak employee of Scotland Yard estate agent. <br /> <br /> This film is headlined by three well known horror movie stars; Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, whose horror fans will recognize as one of the main roles in Lee most British horror film of all time; . The Wicker Man <br /> <br /> the first segment of a movie called "murder method" tells the story of storywriter horror, the creation of which; strangler called "Dominic" come alive his own imagination. The story builds suspense very well; through his girlfriend, he and the spectators are to believe what he sees is a figment of his imagination. This story, of course, not very original, but it makes up for its lack of originality through the atmosphere it creates, and this is the final turn; which works very well and has come as a real surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story titled «Waxworks», stars Peter Cushing and my least favorite of the four. This story follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a wax museum and decides to venture into. Inside, he finds a woman who knew him and who we later find out is the killer. Quite what women relationship with Philip entail never explained, but the story is increasingly reliant on secrecy to build suspense, but no plot details. Cushing was later joined by his friend, Neville Rogers (played by Ekland), and this is where the tale is really starting to pick up. Setting the wax museum full of murderers for a horror movie is not a new idea; the same argument has been used to great effect in the 1966 horror film is excellent, "Chamber of Horrors". Although one is not as big as the one in the aforementioned film unit capacity used, to no less monstrous effect, much of which is achieved by a sense of claustrophobia caused by the limited area of ​​the museum. Cushing's always fun to watch, and see him to avoid the ax madman is fun for a horror fan. In spite of my least favorite, the story is still interesting and interesting enough to prevent this anthology down. <br /> <br /> The film continues to "Sweets for the Sweet", which, without doubt, the best of the omnibus. The story of the legendary Christopher Lee stars as a seemingly overly father. The beauty of this story comes from the way it played out. He leaves the audience guessing; we know that there is something wrong with the father or the daughter, but we do not know who or what he is. Christopher Lee, as usual, draws his character with a high degree sinisterness; the audience is left to simmer for its action on the provision of his daughter's doll, and the fact that it has no right to go to school or have any toys. Map why not pass close to his chest, while in the vicinity of the end, embodied really scary line, in which Lee says his nurse that he was, in fact, afraid of his daughter. End of this section, superbly played, in my opinion, is one of the best endings in the history of any horror ever told, and will stay with you long after the end credits roll. <br /> <br /> omnibus ends "Invisible," which is certainly the most comical of four. This tale of horror movie star unnatural that struck the technical side of his latest film, goes out and buys a coat. Naturally, this coat is a real vampire cape. Unlike the other three tales, this one seems to be played mainly for laughs. It's not bad, however, as most of humor funny, and it provides a good contrast to the rest of the film. The end of this story is well coincides with the end of the wrapping on the history of film, which is a very ominous yet humorous ending a very good film. Also, pay attention to the little mockery against Christopher Lee's Dracula. A nice touch, I think. <br /> <br /> In general, if you want an omnibus horror, you really can not go wrong with a house, who dug blood. The third story in itself makes the film worthy of your time and it is very solid horror film really.
