Preminzher adaptation of GB Shaw «» Saint Joan "» (screenplay by Graham Greene) was one of the most serious critical reactions to this day. It has been criticized in the pseudo-elite, the purists and the audience were immune to the film that lacked piety and glamor expected historical pageant. As in, "" Radar "," response has been vicious and unjustified. adaptation Preminzher intellectual exploration Shaw effects and actions surrounding Joan of Arc (her actual name in its own language of Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is totally faithful to the spirit of the original game, and not just the literal emotional level but formally too. His film is a Brechtian study the functioning of the institutions, the division inside and outside the various fractions everyone to seize power. Thus, we are not allowed to find on an emotional level with any of the characters, including Joan herself. <br /> <br /> How to play Jean Seberg (whose future life offers a parallel to the terrible role here), it is presented as an innocent, purity figure, the acts themselves and the presence of evidence of corruption and emptiness of all. Thus Seberg plays her and on September and Mad. Her own lack of experience as an actress when she made this film (which shows up in spots) conveys the freshness of youth and Jeanne reflects both the fact that Joan la Pucelle is a humble illiterate peasant girl, began to walk, in order to protect their village and its innate intelligence. In no case it deserves sharp criticism that she received in the first release of the film, it's performance far beyond the horizons and challenge any of the first-time actress without prior acting experience. Shaw and Preminzher took a secular view of the Jeanne, seeing her as a feminist medieval era entirely satisfied to be the daughter of the village, the fate is to be married off or picked up by soldiers and a whore from the battlefields. Her faith, her voice, her vision, she weaves with words such as "representation" and "common sense" leads her to wear the armor of his colleagues, to lead them into battle to chase the Englishman burst from France. <, Br /> <br /> and all we can say that the film is more interested in the court of the Dauphin (Widmark), the clergy office who try to Jeanne headed Cochon (Walbrook, impeccably discarded) and the actions of Count of Warwick (John Gielgud) in most Jeanne. The magnificent ensemble cast (all men) draw intrigue figures, Machievellian (although the story is preceded by Nikola) opportunist who treat religion as a child's toy to use and manipulate them to achieve their goals. A sharp pungent dialogue gives the actors a lot of fun to let loose. John Gielgud as eminently rational Count, whose intelligence (albeit accompanied by corruption), allows it to calculate the precise way in which it can provide Joanne gets burned at the stake and Walbrook Pierre Cauchon brings a three-dimensional portrait of this clever theologian who It gives Joan a fair trial, which is, of course, to find her guilty. Widmark as the Dauphin is a real discovery. In contrast to type-casting to choose from you will ever find, Widmark reflects weak future French leader in a frantic, comic cartoons, that's as close as the film comes to the comic. Comic performance that feels like an imitation of Jerry Lewis is much more than a gusty future head of France. <br /> <br /> Preminzher shot «» Saint Joan «» in black and white, is a filmmaker Perinal who worked with René Clair and who made "" The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp "" color. He held perfectly to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere of the film. Preference Preminzhera tracking shots long uninterrupted takes the key to the effectiveness of the film, there is no point wasting motion anywhere in its mise en scene. <br /> <br /> He also notes Preminzhera direction most mature (and most neglected period) his attention to the conflict between individuals and the institutions in which they work, as a functioning institution and as individual acts, in accordance with its principles. These topics are the most direct treatment of his film and how he always keeps things unpredictable and finds no black and white answers. This is one of his best and most effective films.
