Fräulein Doktor how well the demonstration, as well as any, as once the big film industry in Western Europe has decreased over the past 40 years. Then, in the late 60s, while the major Hollywood studios were on the ropes, Italy, France and England produced films to fill the void left by the fall of Hollywood. There were pictures of James Bond (Doctor of many was a surprise hit in the US, it was first released in the theater chain century in New York from 99 cents in the second half of the day receiving the price), the spaghetti westerns of Clint Eastwood (with a handful of dollars, issued by the distributor, who never paid the Italian manufacturer Dima) and French films crimes that used to go into art at home, with exceptions, as the Sicilian clan. And there were the European co-production as Doctor Zhivago and, of course, Fraulein Doktor. With its large budget for a while, and the world the talent involved, Fraulein Doktor was good enough that audiences still remember decades later a movie. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More, playing a British intelligence officer, has a line in Fraulein You to Doktor, where he says, intercepted a spy or talk or he will play the game on the wall. The wall opposite the shooting, with little chance of a spy game victory. This kind of cynical attitude played well across national borders, in the era of the Vietnam War in 1969. <br /> <br /> steamy scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine, probably not damage the ability of these artists to receive a part in Hollywood films , Hollywood studios were in the process of shedding its overseas distribution and manufacturing companies. Fox will no longer be a joint production of films as The Sicilian Clan, Colombia will not distribute movies like Belmondo night caller. MGM went even further, a reduction of almost all film production, selling its cinema chain in India, the value of land under and unloading it Borehamwood Facilty studio Kerkorian ransacked studio, to raise money for the construction of its casino in Las Vegas (where Bally gift casino store sold MGM memorabilia dumped things remaining from the auction Propyl MGM warehouses). <br /> <br /> Paramount distributed Fraulein You to Doktor, but Gulf and Western Charles Bludhorn, who took over the company and canned at the age of Board of Directors of the studio film library is unloaded to Universal Studios (as I recall), and in fact began to wonder in the movie after production chief Robert Evans began turning out one hit after another. But it was in the 70s. Fräulein Doktor with a lesbian scene was buried with truncated versions of the film, pointing to local stations across 80 years. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More generally type as the bumbling guy when he was older, especially in the BBC detective series Father Brown. When he was younger, like in the British film Titanic, he played his standard reserved British officer. The Fraulein You to Doktor, he had the chance to be a lot tougher than usual, since I can remember. It would be nice to see if my memory of this film is accurate, his role and, of course, the cavalry horse in the gas masks and protective coatings that are going to fight. It was some kind of scene, and Lattuada showed that he was some kind of a director, helming the spy movie of the First World War, where the money spent on production values ​​really shows on the screen.
