EL MAR is a tough, harsh, absolutely brilliant, courageous work of cinematic art. Director agustí villaronga, adaptation Antoni Aloy and Bilem Mesquida novel Bligh Bonet, created in the film, which traces the profound consequences of the war in the minds of children and how this exposure destroys havoc on adult life. Although the emphasis is on the hideous tattoo of war on children, like the transfer of the impact on the soldiers and citizens adulthood clear. This film will be one of the best anti-war documents, without having to pamphleteering :. The final result has a much greater impact because of the inherent history of subsequent children march toward adulthood <br /> <br /> A small group of children is given in the Spanish Civil War in Spain, under the threat of power outages and invasive nocturnal slaughter citizens. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francesco (Victoria Verger) witness the horror of killing people, and revenge that drives one of them for murder and suicide. These wide-eyed children become adults, carrying all mental illness and trauma, repressed in their minds. <br /> <br /> Then we are faced with three that survive into adulthood, where they border on tuberculosis sanatorium. Ramala (Roger Kasamazhor) survived as a male prostitute who protects his "John" Morello (Juli Mira), and kept his private life style. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) was tender sexually repressed gay men whose cover its commitment to Catholicism and blur mad mutilation / crucifixion. Francisco (Antonia Torrens) became a nun and serve patients in the sanatorium. Three re-joined their environment in the hospital and slowly each shows the scars of their childhood experiences with war. Tur Ramala craves love, in Ramala aims to be free of it Morello and Francisca faced its own domestic needs are covered by her white habit of a nun. <br /> <br /> Setting the hospital provides a graphical plane where the thin thread between life and death, between love and lust, and between loyalty and destruction played out. To detail more than to destroy the influence of the film at the individual viewer, but suffice it to say that the graphic sex and full nudity involved (in some of the most amazing raw footage has captured on film) and the viewer must be ready to witness every form of cruelty imaginable. For this audience, these scenes are of great importance and director Villaronga should be commended for his tenacity and courage makes this story so intense. Actors like in childhood, as adults, are great: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno and Antonia Torrens Bergonzini particularly well in so many complex roles. Cinematography by Jaime Peracaula and achieve scores of Javier Navarrete serve the vision of the director. Hard film, but one is highly recommended for those who are not afraid to face the horrors of war and its consequences. In Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
