«Gespenster» Question to be cool in the German cinema <br /> <br /> There are not so many German films in the past ten years that have made me so interested. So, the problem with most German films in the film «Gespenster» too. It is in some places to be good to see the raw. Special figure Toni (Sabine Timento) too cool. But in German films ever since. Everyone should Firewall cool - it's realism in the cinema. It is difficult to understand. But in this case, it makes some sense because it steals, and it is - it is a girl, the better you will never love, because you lose it. It is not clear for the other girls Nina in this film. She loves her - and she would lose her. But Nina has lost everything. She will play with soft emotions and dull feeling. There is no way - but you have to accept it said Herbert Achterbusch for twenty years. Then as often as it is in German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not within the laws of society - it is outside - and there she has no chance. This film aims not at each site, to give her part of the inside. That's one of the problems - a stupid break with the conventions - the criminal charm. Throw it all - and do! But the actress playing the difficult part is very interesting. On the other hand - there are parents - who pendant with two girls. Have a car - hotel suite - there is money and live in peace with the music of the opera. But the film are always at a certain distance to give up. There's not much to explain them. <br /> <br /> In the center of this film, there is one scene that you will never forget. Two girls were in the casting. And there they have to say as they are with each other. In this scene, Toni is lying on. She said she was a fantastic story, has nothing to do with it. And then Nina will tell the truth. She said it in a way introversion. There is no exhibitions in it. She looks at the floor and said that's what happened here. What a great moment. In the next scene at the party with a photo in the red this feeling goes on- what Tony goes away ... <br /> <br /> Thus, the film ends - in the German way cool - garbage - this is the sadness closed. But there was a time - when there is something else - and at this point was important. He is more than the German coolness - and that moments are rare in German cinema at the time!
