«Gespenster" (2005) forms, together with the «Yella» (2007) and «Jerichow» (2008) Gespenster-trilogy directed by Petzold, undoubtedly one of the cream de la cream of our German directors. Time <br /> <br /> to put it bluntly, «Gespenster» tells the story of a French woman whose daughter was abducted as a 3-year old child, and the mother turned her head around 1 minute in Berlin - and has never been seen ever since. time mother continues to travel to Berlin, where it is possible to search for and, by means of a temporary extension of the photos, for girls aged about sapravdnag and the age of her age. As we will see later on in the film, the mother was many times convinced that she had found her daughter Marie. However, this time when she meets Nina, everything is completely different. <br /> <br /> In the movie does not bring solutions, even partial solutions, and because it is rather disappointing. We do not receive any features in order to decide when the mother really crazy or not, if her actual daughter is still alive or not. The most disappointing end. After what we have seen in the film, is the introduction of an observer, that it did not mention the quality of the film director Nina leaves alone. Easy walking away symbolizing that nothing has changed, it can be strongly influenced by drama (f.ex. in the "Umberto D."), but «Gespenster», it has been replaced. <br /> <br /> Since the criticism was assumed Freudian motifs in this film, let me give my own attempt: Why is that such people do not know each other, especially not those other such person knows? This is absolutely crazy question, he agreed to in terms of Aristotelian logic, according to which there is a notion of identity. A man is a man who does not share any of its distinctive features with someone else. For example, Aristotle's answer to my question: They do not know each other because of their similarity purely changes. All those who are not crazy, says. However, what about if these similar entities and other similarities, which are unlikely to be a change, such as scarves on the left ankle under or heart-shaped birthmark under his right shoulder blade? This metaphysical context from which the film is made, even though I'm not sure if there was even the director realized that. Despite our modern, Aristotelian world, prejudices, is stored in the mythologies of people around the world that these people also share a part of his personality, and that personality, so it's not something messy and diffusion, so that the boundaries between people open such and similar finds to build a solid foundation of irrational-change, despite our otherwise highly rational thinking - the source itself Gespenster interesting species.
