I'm always surprised how many times you will see something about the World War 2 German national television. You think they do not like to open old wounds, but not a week that goes by without a documentary or film about the horror and brutality of the war. Maybe this way of dealing with the past, and I do not know, but you are sure that you can not blame them ignore what happened. And it must be said: most of these documentaries is really worth watching because they never try to hush up the truth, and the same can be said of his films (think, for example, "Der Untergang" or "Crash", you can now), which is also very realistic. <br /> <br /> One of these films is «Rosenstrasse». It tells the true story and deals with the subject of mixed marriages during the war, despite the fact that the film begins with a family in the US to date. After Hannah's father died, her mother all of a sudden turned into an orthodox Jew, even if it was not very religious before. She does not know where the strange behavior of her mother comes, but when it begins to drip into the troubled childhood by her mother, Hannah realizes how little she ever knew about the past. <br /> <br /> Mom's The fact that this film is dedicated to the theme of mixed marriages during the Nazi regime is already quite strange. After all, as far as I know, there was another film that deals with this issue. (For those who did not know so far: Being married to a so-called clean Aryian man or woman mean for many Jews, that they are not immediately sent to a concentration camp, but they had to work in the factory). But it's not only say something about the problems of mixed marriages, it also gives a good idea of ​​how these people often see their parents and relatives. How hard it was sometimes to them during the Nazi regime, and these people, most of the time women have done everything in their power to liberate his people when they were captured and locked in for instance Rosenstrasse ... <br /> <br /> the action is very good, and the story is very well written, though, as it was presented at the beginning did not really do it for me (and that's only part of what you get to see in the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I would not consider most of what is happening at the moment. At least in that part which is in the United States, because the part where Hannah travels to Berlin and spoke with someone who knows more about her mother's past, of course, work. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in everything that has something to do with World War II, and if you are not necessarily looking for a lot of action shots than it is definitely a movie you must see. This is not a film in which you will see what battle or skirmish, but it certainly is an interesting film, because it gives you an insight into one aspect of the war, only little is known. I give it a 8/10.
