The Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta blends two stories to create a vivid tapestry of love and courage. The film reflects the drama of family estrangement between mother and daughter, and the history of German women who staged a protest Rosenstrasse release their Jewish husband from imminent destruction. The annex to the dramatization of historical events, the focus of the movie for a child saved from the Holocaust and the German result of the experience of the child from the mother's loss. While Ms. von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans have made a difference, it does not use it to justify the German society. Indeed, it shows how in the midst of torture and the destruction of rich artists and intellectuals of the German high society continued his life and parties, ignoring the pain. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York, a Jewish widow, Ruth Weinstein (Jutta lamp) decides to take Shiv, a seven-day mourning period, which occurs after the funeral, where the Jewish family members devote full attention to remembering and mourns dead. When her daughter Hanna (Maria Schrader), not allowed to receive phone calls from the groom Louis (Fedja van Yue), a non-Jew, Hannah questions why her mother has suddenly decided to adhere to the Orthodox tradition, that it had previously rejected. If Ruth coldly rejects her cousin, Hannah asks her and learns about a woman named Lena, who took Ruth, as a child, when his mother was recently deported and killed by the Nazis, and she vows to find Lena and solve the mystery of her mother's past. <br /> <br /> her quest takes her to Berlin, where she finds Lena (Doris Schade), is now ninety years old, and an interview with her on the pretext that she was a journalist investigating some aspects of the Holocaust. With the constant memory, Lena tells her story about how a young 33-year-old woman (Katja Reimann), she was looking for her husband, a Jewish pianist Israel Fabian Fischer (Martin Feifel), who disappeared and is believed to have been imprisoned, even though protection is usually given to the Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in the radiant performance Reiman, discovers that her husband and other Jews held captive in a former factory on Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Standing together in the cold night, the German women, the husband no crowds of people outside the building, and their number is growing every day, until they reach one thousand shouting "Give us back our husbands." Lena said Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young girl whose mother is in the building. She takes care of her, protecting her from the Gestapo and improving its after her mother was killed. Lena comes from an aristocratic German family and her brother had recently returned from Stalingrad , a Wehrmacht officer. When he refused help from his father, ka to free Fabian, she enlists the aid of his brother, who speaks colleagues, "I know what they are doing to the Jews. I saw him." Given his support, she brave enough to get around the channels and go to the top, where her beauty and charm proved irresistible to the Minister of culture, Joseph Goebbels, the famous womanizer. Though it is a fictional part of the film has been criticized as degrading to women protesters, it is a historical fact that Goebbels was very active in making decisions that affect the Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Directed by Margarethe von Trotta, activist, feminist and intellectual, is no stranger to political drama. She directed a film about the socialist Rosa Luxemburg and Marianne and Julianne, the history of relations between the two sisters, one of which refers to the political violence in order to achieve their liberal goals. The Rosenstrasse, a film she worked for eight years, she had to make compromises, adding the current day of the fictional element to its production of the film. It works so well is a tribute to the artistry of Ms. von Trotta and beautiful scenario Pamela Katz, whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. Events in Rosenstrasse give the lie to the Germans, who say, "There was nothing that we could do." Now von Trotta showed the opposite to be true, that something can be done to resist the Nazis. Tragically, the example does not catch on.
