I do not think a lot of movies (especially comedies) was added to a memorable, Quotable dialogue, like a madman. I will not illustrate it - you can see the amazing long list of quotes on the subject - but any film that can make objects as protection for expensive copper pipes instead of brass for plumbing purposes memorable dialogue strange to me. This is not the only line that pops up and makes an imprint on our memory. How about a restaurant waiter, who regrets the planned proposal of marriage, because it would mean the loss of old client bachelor party? Or good, old dog lover, encouraging him to pack howl at the moon it? Or description of youthful promise as a student "moonlight in a martini" Perry (John Mahoney c) (my favorite line). <br /> <br /> Moonstruck is an excellent example of a brilliant script, a first direction of the velocity, and good ensemble cast, which is ideal. There are other examples (drama Bull-BOW incident is another example, but the darker one). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicolas Cage, John Mahoney, Aiello and all involved in conspiracies and despite studying the nature of love, and how to handle it. It's a good thing to be totally in love? Cher and Cage, after all, seem to think so, but Dukakis knows what true love is driven by an individual with the mind (and the cell gets a glimpse of the realization that, too, if he and Cher arguing outside his home after they come back from the opera La Boheme). Infidelity is men a way to avoid thinking about death. Dukakis said so, and (oddly enough - although he is not quite sure) Aiello. Chance of showing disloyalty - Dukakis understands that sooner strange behavior Gardenia hotel attached to infidelity, and Cher literally stumbles upon Gardenia and his girlfriend at the opera (Gardenia but also stumbles upon a similar infidelity Cher to Aiello). But the chance is also puzzling: Feodor Chaliapin stumbles upon Dukakis walk with John Mahoney and thinks it has to do <br /> <br /> There are lovely little moments in the film too .. Cher observation of flowers leading to the production of one. Her hearing argument in a liquor store, and this permission. But best of all is a series of Louis and Julie Gass Bovasso, like aunts and uncles Raymond and Rita Rita Cappomaggi and charming and kind comment to Raymond on the effect of moonlight on his Cher. This is the sweetest moment of the entire film. <br /> <br /> It is close to a perfect movie. After watching him more than a dozen times over the years I can only find two points that do not seem to be as smooth as they should be. If Cher is in the bakery Cage, his assistant, Chris (Nada Despotovic) recalls how she was secretly in love in a cage, but was afraid to tell him. Previously, she was a little sketchy side of Cher, who put it in place quickly. However, nothing seems to be done with this potential competition. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets took care of her uncle and aunt's daily income from the business is recorded in the moment in the final seven minutes of the film - but just as quickly collapsed. It was supposed to be a few storylines that have been removed, except for one of the Cher and Vincent Gardenia, working in the shelter of a homeless person as penance? It's a small annoyance, but I think it's just based on the desire to see this movie, because it's very good.
