Loretta Castorini (Cher) woman in her late thirties, a widow who lives with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She was engaged to Johnny Cammareri (Aiello), a gentle man more submissive to the debt than actual love. Before their wedding, Johnny takes a trip to visit his mother, who is sick and leaves Loretta function plays olive leaves with his brother by Ronny, informing him of his future wedding. Ronny (Nicolas Cage) is not forgiven Johnny for being the cause of his accident, which caused him the loss of his hand (and after his time the bride will be), but it does fall to Loretta, and it is difficult. After a hot business Loretti out of respect for Johnny tries to avoid Ronnie, but his dark looks and unstoppable courage to conquer her. Meanwhile, the mother Loretti Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis), not only to suspect her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) to see the other woman, but she is admired by college professors and wonders why men chase women. Things are complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily Loretti say they can not get married. <br /> <br /> setup purely sitcom, but the story, written by John Patrick Shanley with a deep understanding of Italian-Americans living in New York, is true: he gets the idiosyncrasies of these people and their day-to-day weaknesses and eccentricities, and all of the characters have a deep romanticism that comes through at key moments throughout history. Loretta, a character of hardened loss of her husband and knowing her chances for happiness are small, slowly it is like a woman, so gripped by a sudden recognition of the love she becomes the heroine of La Boheme - the one who recognizes the love of a man with a wooden hand (gender reversal reason), and Cher It inhabits the role and making it her, and in his own style, thinly traded her frumpiness to a deep, dark beauty. Ronny pure fire and Nicolas Cage exudes virility, as if he was Channeling Marlon Brando. Castorini-x and Cappomaggi years, balancing the central pair, how to express their love for each other in two very important points: in the last pair, on the night of the full moon, when Loretta and Ronny have completed their work - a rare scene depicting love and intimacy among the elderly people -., and the former in a tense moment during breakfast when Rose points directly in the touching words, she wants Cosmo to stop seeing his beloved Mona (Anita Gillette) <br /> <br /> Moonstruck is not only romantic comedy and a date movie of choice, but also an excellent study of love and passion yarod ordinary people. Ending the tour de force of emotional impact, the family situation is beyond Instant complications cement it in tradition, going back to the days of the immigrants, and one that raises the film on just another feel-good classic film, Moonstruck deservedly got their Oscars for Best Actress , Writing and Supporting actress, and proved to grow beyond its time.
