I saw The Heartland, when it was first released in 1980, and I just saw it again. It improves with age. Heartland not only for fans of "indie" films. At a time when most American movies a little more than a cynical attempt to make money with CGI, pyrotechnics, and / or vulgarity, The Heartland holds as a slice of American history. It is also a reminder of how spoiled most of us modern, urban Americans. <br /> <br /> Currently, not too high or unnatural in this film. No one recites no speeches Hollywood movies. The actors really inhabit their roles. It really feels like a "small" film, but in fact it is more than most multizillion dollar Hollywood productions. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the lives of real people. In 1910 Eleanor Randall (finished Ferrell, who never did anything better than that), the widow of a 7-year-old daughter Jerrine (Megan Falls), lives in Denver, but wants more opportunities. It advertises a position as a housekeeper. Ads replied Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our most underrated actors), and Scots-born ranch, himself a widower, with an office outside of the Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Eleanor takes the position (seven dollars a week!) And moved to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter move into a tiny house of Stuart on the property. He is rolling, treeless pasture land, a place of endless vistas, where the silence is broken only by the sounds of these people and their animals. This is guaranteed to make a man feel small. These three characters are in for a long time without seeing another soul man. To make matters worse, Stewart is silent to the point of being almost silent. "I can not talk to a person," Eleanor's grandmother complains Landauer. "You'd better learn to winter," replies the grandmother. The grandmother (Lilia Skala) is one of only two other characters who have seen more fleeting. She went out to Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years ago, and runs her ranch alone now that she's widows. Grandmother their nearest neighbor (and the local midwife), and still she lives ten miles! Another supporting character mercenary Jack (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> routine Eleanor ( and her employer) is one of the endless, exhausting labor, where there are no modern facilities and where it should be done . Ce, fixed or done manually This is the real meat of the film:. Watching the ordinary life of the farmers, as they fight against nature to snatch the life from the land, but in spite of the constant work and fatigue, Eleanor always looking for other opportunities she learns. that the tract near Stewart is unclaimed. impulsively, she sued the estate (twelve dollars, or pay for almost two weeks!), which means that, if she lives on it (and it should actually live there), and it works within a decade, it will get cn Av it. Naturally, Stuart learns that she has done. With relentless logic, he pointed out that no money, no animals, no credit and no assets, it has no chance of success. He then offers a solution: He proposes marriage. Stunned Eleanor understands that this is the only real alternative, and receives. <br /> <br /> We believe that the proposal is purely Machiavellian Stewart --- he wants to land and free labor --- but we can see that, in fact, he really likes Elinor, and they grow together as a couple. She becomes pregnant; she goes into labor in the middle of midwinter blizzards; Clyde travel for several hours riding through the storm ten miles to his grandmother and ten miles back, just to let you know that my grandmother was not there. It's more like real life than nice people. Eleanor has a child all by herself, without any help at all. Their son was still a baby when he gets sick and dies. They lose half of their cattle in the vicious winter. They fight. The last sequence of the film to be optimistic: the birth of a calf. Clyde calls Elinor urgently to help him deliver a calf. Instead of being the head, the bull in petty breech. He and Eleanor must physically remove the calf from the birth canal. There's no CGI, animatronics, fraud, forgery or special effects: What do you see what happened, people: the calf is born on a bed of straw in a wooden shed in artificial light. Given that the film is not so much as an end to a halt, leaving the viewer unsatisfied, but after a while you appreciate the film as a whole, not only for its ending. <br /> <br /> This little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness. It will be watchable long after most of the films of the last generation have long been forgotten.
