I'm usually a sucker for romantic movies, which are well taken and well played. This romantic (period), the film is set in the 17th century in Italy, but filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact that this is a period film means that it is bound to be slower than the films set in modern times, so that some were drilled. If you can ignore the fact that this is actually a very good film. Sets, costumes and cinematography are beautiful, and the main actors and actresses are very convincing in his drawings, projecting the intensity of emotions that run through the story. History is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending. It is easy to believe that this is an accurate portrayal of real-life characters. Despite the fact that I was indeed roaming the main characters and the story line, I decided to check the validity of the story and found out that the main theme of the film's story - that a sad unfinished love story - has been completely fabricated. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was raped by Tassi initially, rather than submitting to his advances willingly and passionately, the film was drawn. She continued to have sexual relations with him just because he has repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in the court, he nya * * pleaded guilty to the rape of Artemisia pity to torture (as opposed to the fact that the film draws). In fact, he was trying to portray Artemisia as a loose, messy woman with an insatiable sexual purposes. In the film, his sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and had sexual relations with his sister-in-law, and the nature of TASSI was always imagined as if his sister was slandering him about his alleged affair with his sister-in (although he He recognizes that he has a wife back in Florence). Needless to say, it really is not like that at all. In fact, far from it. Tassi really responsible in the planned murder of his wife, whom he had conceived by rape. And add to that, Tassi did have sexual relations with his cousin, impregnated her in the process, but it was not really mutual, as well - again, before he raped his sister-in-law. <br /> <br /> So now that we have a clear idea of ​​the real Tassi as multiple sex offender, what do we make of the film Artemisia image of him as a lover? We see this as an attempt to make this film in a romantic movie ... this movie was never made to be historically accurate ... In addition to these points just mentioned, there were other historical inaccuracies in the interpretation of art Artemisia (in in real life, it has never been under the influence of TASSI painting style, and it was actually considered to be a much better artist than Tassi ever was.) One remains true and the fact that Gentileschi was credited as the first women- artist in history, and although her skills in ma art rivaled many of her male colleagues, she always felt difficulty in obtaining credit is sufficient for it to work because of her sex, as a woman, in the seventeenth century in Italy. <br /> <br /> Enjoy this film for her, as it is a very good romantic drama, but to take its historical links with a grain of salt.
