Solid Giallo from a leading filmmaker of the genre, Sergio Martino. Made from a wonderful script by Ernest Gestaldi, this shocking mystery often develops exciting turns, until a stunning finale, which most of them can not see what is going on throughout the film. It's when everything fell into place, we can go, "Ahh .." The film revolves around the death of her husband (.. in the plane explosion) and a million dollars from the wife gets it. There are those with great interest that the money, one in particular being the mistress of the murdered. Wife Lisa (Ida Gaul) and mistress demanded half the money Lara (Janine Reynaud). She says Lisa, she knew that death was arranged for her to get insurance. Lara says that she will use her "lawyer", Sharif (Luis Barboo), to get the money. So too, the film produces two possible suspects in the murder of the late Lisa, who is waiting for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton reflects Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that explores the one who receives the inheritance, to see if the date of payment of wages has been assembled under suspicious vehicles. If his watch, Lisa is killed by a man dressed from head to toe in black in his hotel room, he is a possible suspect. He decides to do a little investigating myself, as well as helping Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol agent, Benton (Tom Fell) on their quest to find the killer. Murderer strikes several times eliminate one revolving around a million dollars missing, seized one responsible for the murder of Lisa. Soon, a film journalist Cleo Dupont (delicious, juicy Anita Strindberg), she and Peter meet for lunch, where she could try and sniff out anything that may disrupt the story for her. Soon, they fall deeply in love, but it seems like everyone who's next Peter was killed. Soon someone attacks on Cleo to murder, which is pushing investigation further into uncharted territory. Why anyone would harm a journalist with no real facts to damage the one killing people. <br /> <br /> This Giallo pretty smart and exciting to follow. The film never lulls, which is very characteristic, as it happens leaving open the question of the identity of the murderer. This film follows the path gialli with knife slashings because of a certain pattern killer took (the throat and lower part of the body). The conclusion of the film wraps all the complex and the free ends pretty well. The film has some unique camera angles, but delivers the goods in terms of management and execution of the plot secret.
