Sergio Martino struck me recently with its classic Giallo «Strange vice of Mrs. Wardh» and memorably titled "Your Vice is a Locked Room and Only I have the key" - but even so, I was not expecting too much from this film . Case scorpion's tail does not get mentioned as much as the above-mentioned names when it comes to the classic discussion Giallo - but I do not know why, because it is at least as good as those two Dario Argento can be "! king "with Giallo, but of the five films he made - Sergio Martino, of course, not too far behind in a certain sense the whole. Behold, it even surpasses the master of all movies Martino were issued prior to the gem in the crown of Argento, excellent Profondo Rosso, so even in the early seventies -.! Martin was the king plot is traced the idea of ​​murder for profit, and costs for insurance payment rich man . His wife inherits $ 1 million, not long before, there are people of her blood! When she turns up dead shortly afterward, insurance investigator, and a bold, attractive young journalist to monitor the case. <br /> <br /> The point of the tail of a scorpion can not benefit from outstanding Edwige Fenech, but he's got two of Martin's employees on board. The most famous is George Hilton, who has worked with Marina Amazing Mrs. Vi Wardh and all the colors in the dark, as well as several other Giallos. Hilton has a large presence of the screen, and every time I see him in the Italian thriller; it becomes obvious why he repeatedly cast. Beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will be remembered with your pressure blocked number, the star next to the Hilton and excellent provides classic Giallo Actress. Sergio Martino does a good job in the director's chair again, with some beautiful scenes - the best of which takes place in the room is awash with the green light! Cost Bruno Nicolai (Wardh) perfectly sets the mood, but it's a script that, again, is the driving force behind the success of Martin. Ernesto Gastaldi, a writer for the other four Giallo Martin, has put together a script, an exciting time staying away from the common pitfalls Giallo Sun comprehension; Thus, releasing the film from the rest of the genre illogical. The point is the tail of a scorpion Giallo film quality, and another big success Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you'll love it!
