Sergio Martino Cases scorpion tail colorful Giallo from the early '70s heyday of the genre. The explosion on the plane causes one million dollars in insurance money for a sad, but unfaithful wife. Money after wearing killer pulled out a black and a series of brutal murders follow. <br /> <br /> The tail of Scorpio plays a mysterious element, written by experts Giallo Ernest Gastaldi, quite straight. But being Giallo, murders themselves are stored and well delivered. In fact, the violence in this film is very strong in places - a scene with a broken bottle being particularly graphic. The emphasis on violence undoubtedly affects the Giallo genre to go into more and more extreme territory. But, like the best films in the genre of brutality compensated a good score and attractive picture. Music by Bruno Nicolai, sometimes reminiscent of the avant-garde work of Ennio Morricone in The Bird with the Crystal Plumage, but also strong in its own right. Photography helps glorious use of foreign locales - in this case the London and Athens - where Martino can be obtained, respectively, in the parliament building and the Acropolis! There is also some inventive camera work is also the most effective is the use of slow motion in the sequence where a woman runs to the door, where a maniac sneaks outside. In this particular scene of Martin's killer hack through the door with a knife in a manner, under the influence of Dario Argento crystal plumage, however, it also has the killer attempted to flick tabs open with the blade of the knife, which is something to be repeated later in the Argento Suspiria. So Martin influential film in its own right. <br /> <br /> This is a good solid Giallo, that both the genre and genre fans can appreciate. The performances are good and the production of value in order (although the aircraft explosion, say, a few low-budget!). DVD release from NoShame nice. It has both English and Italian language versions, which is a real bonus. However, it should be noted that from time to time you need to be a fast reader, in order to fully assess the possibility of English subtitles. This applies to both film and documentary in the extras. It is a trifle, though, the DVD release is a worthy addition to any collection Giallo.
