Sergio Martino great director, who made a great contribution of Italian genre cinema, and, as I consider him Gialli from the 1970s are certain moments in his impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. "The Case of the Scorpion's Tale" in 1971 is one of these spectacular films of Martin contributed the most original Italian Horror subgenre, and further proof that man is the master of atmosphere, style and suspense. My personal favorite of Martin films that I've seen so far is still madly brilliant "Your pressure locked room and only I have the key," from 1972, and then "Torso" (1973) and "Strange vice of Mrs. Wardh» (1971 ), all of which I personally like even more than this. It is purely a matter of personal taste, but as «La Coda Dello Scorpione» is as wonderful film, which is essential for every fan of Italian horror movies and suspense as a whole. <br /> <br /> The film, which provides a tantalizing suspense from the beginning is a complex and fascinating story, which begins with the mysterious death of a millionaire who died in a plane crash. Insurance investigator Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is designed to verify the circumstances of the insurance company, which is due to pay a large sum to his wife of the deceased person. Shortly after Lynch begins to investigate, the man brutally murdered, it is only the beginning of a series of murders ... <br /> <br /> «The point of the tail of a scorpion" perfectly provides all the elements of a great Giallo necessary. The film is terrific suspense from the beginning, the cost of Bruno Nicolai is brilliant, amazingly intricate storyline, and the identity of the killer remains a mystery until the end. Regular Giallo leading man George Hilton once again delivers excellent performance in the long run. Sexy Anita Strindberg absolutely beautiful in a female role. It includes a large Luigi Pistilli, one of the most brilliant frequenters of the Italian genre cinema of 60's and 70's, and Alberto de Mendoza, another great actor, who will be familiar to any fan of Italian cinema. Athens, where most of the film is actually a great plant for Giallo. The atmosphere is constantly capturing and photographing large and witty by Bruno Nicolai makes the unknown even more intense. In short: «La Coda Dello Scorpione» is another excellent Giallo from Sergio Martino and absolutely must-see for any fan of the sub-genre! Stylish, suspenseful, and great in every way!
