I'm really tempted to award "The case of the tail of a scorpion" with a solid 10 out of 10 rating, but it will be largely because I think that the Italian horror film movie 1970 is much better than the stuff I usually look shit. But even without any additional points for nostalgia, this is a true masterpiece and earn a high rating for its wonderfully intricate stories, eerie atmosphere, bloody sequence that kills and a nice choice of casting. In my humble opinion, this is actually the best Giallo Sergio Martino, and that has to mean something like "Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh», «All the colors in the dark," "Torso" and "Your Vice is a Locked Room and Only I have the key "genre all to achieve top-notch as well. But this film is just a little bit higher than with ultra-compelling storyline revolving on insurance fraud went madly out of control. After the death of her husband a kind of explosion in the plane (!), Lisa Baumer quickly becomes suspicious of the owner of one million dollars, and it tends to leave the country as soon as possible. Because of the strange circumstances, the insurance company puts its best investigator on the case, Peter Lynch, and he followed her to Greece. There, Lisa becomes the target of many assaults and mystery increases when it turns out, some people are after money. I always worry too much, if briefly summarizing gialli, because I do not want to risk giving away key plot elements. In "Case scorpion tail" events take quite steep and sudden turn before the story is in the middle, and I certainly do not want to spoil it for you. Many red herring go after it, but Sergio Martino always manages to stay one step ahead of you and, although not 100% satisfied, isolation is at least strange. It is also very stylish movie with imagination camcorder work and great music by Bruno Nicolai. All "s favorite Giallo muse Edwige Fenech strange not to make it in this cast (she plays in at least 3 other higher Martino gialli), but Anita Strindberg (" Lizard in a female skin, "" Who Saw Her Die? ") With 'is a more than worthy replacement for her. Charismatic and hunky George Hilton reliable as always in the role of an insurance investigator and ?? Spirit ?? luxury ladies' man. If you are a fan of Giallo, do not wait until then, as I did, to see this movie !!!!
