Joan Crawford is only the beginning of her "working girl makes good" phase with the dynamic "Paid" (1930). She had never tried a role like this before, and critics were impressed. So while other actresses were wondering why their careers have been flooded (because they cling to the symbols that were 'in' thing for a few years before, but now become fades) Joan listen to the public and ensure its durability as an actress. Depression was here and the jazz age of the children who survived in an endless round of parties disapproval. Of course, if you have become rich through immoral means, but suffered for it - it was good <br /> <br /> This film begins with a spectacular floating house party .. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she says that all go swimming in their underwear !!! However, when Bonnie's father has a heart attack, because losing in the stock market, like Bonnie and her brother Rodney (William Bakewell) understand who their real friends are. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - poor man, Johnny Mack Brown) proposes to make the "right thing" and marry her - they had just spent the night together, when Bonnie said (with a swagger) that she wants to love for approval - she begins to show some character, determined to get the job done. <br /> <br /> She finds a job in the newspaper and quickly affects his will to do well. Her boyfriend works Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards), and together they give the job to write about the internal activities of the mob. Rodney also surprised her with the news that he also has a job. She was worried for him, but he soon realizes that it's bootlegging, and it is mixed with the conscious killer, Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney witnesses mass shooting and bursting at the seams, "spilling the beans" to the first person he sees, drink at the bar - which is Bert. He then forced to kill Burt and evening wards he goes underground. Paper pulls out all the stops in an effort to find the murderer of Berta and Bonnie sent undercover as a dancer in one of Jake's clubs. (Joan makes a very lively dance «Accordian Joe" - a lot of dissatisfaction with Sylvia). The film ends with a shootout and Rodney lay dying Bonnie tearfully phones in its history. <br /> <br /> This is a super film with Crawford and Gable giving it their all. Natalie Moorehead, which is shared by Sylvie famous "cigarette scene" with Gable in the beginning of the film, was the stylish "other woman" who was her fashion in the early thirties. William Bakewell was a great career (he started as a teenager in the film Douglas Fairbanks in the mid-20s). Many of his roles, although they were weak, spineless characters. In this movie he played the weak brother and was completely over-shadowed by Joan Crawford and Clark Gable dynamic newcomers - maybe that's why he never became a star <br /> <br /> Highly Recommended ..
