Abhay Deol's second film, written by Imtiaz Ali's maiden directorial effort by Shivam Nair. Saha is likely to have his first (?) Fleshy MEGHA role, a girl who ran away from home and wait in the Delhi office of the registrar of the marriage for her boyfriend Dheeraj (Shayan Munshi), to meet with her. She waits and waits, and finally was seen as a girl in need Ankush (Abhay Deol). They spend many days together, as he will find a way out of a painful situation after another, and finally falls in love with her. Then the guy is back! Og Pardey pairs dekhiye! Sounds familiar? This is yet another adaptation of Dostoevsky White Nights with little borrowing from Le Notti Bianchi (very small though - Ankush keeps the lover from each other, saying she's dead friend!). But this earthier and more realistic (spirit) adaptation than the much hyped and inflated Saawariya. I wonder why no one brought this little gem when we were discussing Saawariya like crazy a few months ago <br /> <br /> Delhi excellent settings. - have a mandatory run through Old Delhi, Jama Masjid arrows on top of the roof, Connaught Circus, streets with rickshaws (What How?). Colorful lights at the hotel is enough to tell you that this is a seedy joint with rooms for hire per hour! <br /> <br /> The more I see Abhay more I like this young man. In the second film, he is pretty good, both for the hiring of a witness who is given a purpose in life of a beautiful woman. Saha looks beautiful, and when she smiles, she fits the role, but I found it unconvincing in more serious moments. I'm not quite sure what she's got it, so she was a famous actress, or perhaps it will be too late to bloom, like a brother. Himesh Reshammiya music is not that great, and in fact, the film stumbles on the songs they like to interrupt the story, and does not sit well with the characters try to sing them. The supporting cast is excellent, and I give this adaptation of White Nights well. By the way - the fact that I love the cute dimples Abhay Deol has nothing to do with my rating.
