Ahista Ahista a little small shiny. I started to watch it, and in the beginning I was a little sad, because the steps slowly, and the main idea of ​​a guy meeting a girl who is lost is not really new. But as the movie came out, I started to get more and progressively engage the film, fantastic writing and charming romance. The film was very simple and natural, and after a while I felt like I was watching a real life documentation of one guy. There is one very good reason why the film got this feeling, and it's fresh talent called Abhay Deol. He was very convincing as a simple, kind and fights Ankush, whose new love motivates him to atone and to fight for a better life. Throughout the film, it is presented as an ordinary mischievous prankster, but also as helping and loving man who, as someone who will do anything to protect his love. Deol displays all the different shades of his character, whether it be positive or negative, of course, and with complete ease. <br /> <br /> Direction Shivov Naira very well. His portrayal of the lives of people in rural areas is fine, but what is even more impressive is his image Ankush relations with different people who surround him, including his friends and his love interest Megha, which he is ready to do anything for. I also really liked how Naira showed their interaction with a loud and plump mother of his friend, whom he calls "Auntie" (aunt). He likes to drive her to annoy her mind and every time, but we see that it has a special place in his heart, and as a mother-figure to him, as evidenced in several scenes. except Abhay, the rest of the cast performed well. Although Saha Ali Khan does not stand out for me, it was good and had some of the charm of her mother. Actors who played Ankush friends were very good as was the actress who played Ankush in "challah." <br /> <br /> In addition to performances, the writing of the film was excellent. Dialogues were a kind of ordinary still shining, and the script was also fantastic. This is mainly because, in spite of the not so modern history it has never been exaggerated or melodramatic, and there was no attempt to make it look larger than life. The biggest weakness of the film was a sad music Himesha Reshammii, which was not suitable for this film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was excellent clock, and it was only better with each scene. The concept may not be new, but the film still manages to look fresh and is becoming more and more sociable, as the story goes. Ending a bitter, kind of sad yet optimistic. In short, this film really grows on you slowly, and this can easily be attributed to the excellent writing, moving moments, magical romance, realistic procedures and memorable Course Abhay Deol.
