This period melodrama is one of the earliest claustrophobic Griffith films. Characters locked in a room spread throughout his work and, as time went by, it becomes more adept at drawing their helplessness and the involvement of the audience in horror. The right under the heading of Sealed Room has one major difference from a conventional storyline is that there really is no way out. <br /> <br /> Griffith reaches claustrophobic effect, there are two ways. Firstly its use of space. While typical Biograph short may use a dozen or more sets, sealed room there are only two connecting rooms ?? king of the court and a pigeon shed, which becomes the eponymous tomb. Set design is rarely referred to in these shorts, but it is very important. Court of a large lounge, with a background hinting at a greater depth, and showing us a window and a ladder. The actors enter and exit from different areas, offering room not only spacious, but also free and open. Unlike in the rear wall Dove Cote is very close to the camera, and the angles therein include hexagonal or octagonal shape to make it seem even more limited. <br /> <br /> The second method is displayed here is cross-cutting. Anyone with an interest in the work of Griffiths is probably aware of its intensive use and development through to build excitement or stress. Many also know that, strictly speaking, it is not his invention. However, what makes the incisions Griffith as effective as he walks opposing image thus they complement each other. Sealed room contains a good example of what I mean. masons frames change heavy bricks are slowly, step by step, to keep up with them, with tension building as the wall gets higher. This movement is reinforced by shots blissfully ignorant amateurs, in which Marion Leonard pulls flower petals one by one. As a couple understand their predicament, their growth is complemented by opposing panic shot King madly thrashing his sword against the wall. <br /> <br /> Currently, Griffith yet to realize that the effect can be improved further by introducing a third strand in cross section. Dramatic "go-to-recovery" is missing here, later to become the culmination of the standard picture of Griffith.
