By 1909, under D.W. Griffith was directing for the Biograph company for about a year, and ?? It runs at a speed of two or three a week ?? quickly begins to develop his skills as a filmmaker. «The Sealed Room» very interesting 11 minutes shorter, exciting part of the gothic melodrama that even drifts slightly in early horror. Simple story was probably inspired one thousand eight hundred forty-six short story by Edgar Allen Poe, "The Cask of Amontillado," and refers to a powerful king, who conceives magically sadistic form of revenge to punish infidelity. <br /> <br /> wife Set in medieval times, «The Sealed Room» begins with the King (Arthur V. Johnson) construction supervision, windowless room with the absorption of blue-Côte, the idea that he and his wife ( Marion Leonard) will have a completely secluded spot to enjoy each other's company. He's obviously very much in love with her, always showing his love, the last act of the crown of his affection. However, without the knowledge of the king, his wife fell in love with the royal minstrel (Henry B. Walthall). During a romantic occasion in a specially constructed room, the wife and minstrels found and killed by the mountain king conceives a means of getting its bark on a couple of ignorant. Silently, he orders the workers to cover a single doorway with stone and mortar, descending slowly into senility clucking, as each new stone placed down. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith was always a sharp eye for detail, and «The Sealed Room» is a fine early example of this. Lavish costumes medieval century give the film a sense of reality, and the interior of the castle looks quite authentic, to be believable. At that time, the director was also a pioneer methods of creating suspense, and I must admit that as the film progressed, I became obsessed with finding out what would happen to the unlucky young lovers. In the first minutes, Griffith limits his shots to long long occupied by a stationary camera (as was the custom at the time), but in the near future ?? parallel progressively darker subject ?? he changes his tactics editing in an entertaining form. Although he may not have invented the technique, Griffith decisive role in promoting the use of "through" ?? ie, alternating between the different events that occur simultaneously. This not only creates a sense of continuity, but also increases the level of suspense as we, as viewers, are well aware that not only the horrific actions of the King, but that his wife and minstrels do not pay it all. <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations, the "Save Room" suffers from many shortcomings characteristic of the era. The whole movie is just two rooms, with footage captured a total of only three places, and so it tends to become dull and monotonous at times. Acting performances are greatly exaggerated for added effect, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, hamming it actually contributed to the recognition of the escalating madness deceived the king. The moment that I thought was particularly effective when the two lovers try to escape from the room, only to find them only doorway replaced by a solid stone wall. Their panic reaction, accompanied by a silent maniacal cackling king, is very good to create a sense of claustrophobia coming. I think, however, that their oxygen supply was depleted surprisingly quickly.
