After not having much luck with the sale of his screenplays for the new film in the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908, playwright D.W. Griffith got a job that would make him a legend: he was hired as a biographer of film director. It was not quite what I expected, Griffith, when he decided to go into the movie business, but he accepted the job, and less than a year later he became the most successful director, thanks Biograph for its original approach to the photographic and wild inventions to his story . Many years later, he will manage the "Birth of a Nation" in 1915, a film that will revolutionize the shooting and make it one of the first film recognized authors; However, many of the things that makes it a great film director can be found in many short films, which he did for the Biograph Company in the early years of his career. 1909 «The Sealed Room» is one of those, as well as one of the few horror films of the first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> «Retained Room» the story is set in the 16th century where Count (Arhtur B. Johnson) built a windowless room in his castle. It is a small, but beautiful and very cozy room, as it is intended to be used to enjoy the love and company of his wife, the Countess (Marion Leonard) in a more private way. However, the count does not know that his wife is not entirely accurate, since it admiringly with minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) the court with which it deals. As soon as the count gets busy with his business, the Countess calls Minstrel and the two lovers are going to enjoy the new facilities of the graph. When I get the count, he discovers that she is missing and begins to suspect finally found two lovers in her room; but instead do a scene, he prefers to stay hidden, he decides that there is a better punishment for his unfaithful wife :. seal windowless room, with a pair of inside <br /> <br /> Author regular coauthor the Griffiths Frank E. Woods, «retained Room» takes elements from Edgar Allan Poe 'Keg amontillado "and mainly Honore de Balzac« La Grande BRETESHA " to create a memorable gothic melodrama based on the theme of betrayal and sadism. Despite the performance of 11 minutes time, Woods scenario develops the story in a very good way, and plays surprisingly well with elements of horror stories. While the romance of the heart, Woods focus on the character of the Count and his sadism creates one of the best characters of the horror of those early times. The "Save Room», of course, a very simple and basic plot, but Woods processing dark and painful story theme makes the story very interesting film, which was very different from most melodramas Griffith. <br /> <br /> in «The Sealed Room», Griffith uses his talent to experiment with tension and suspense in a different way than it is usually. While he often played with editing to create a thriller that excited his audience, in this film he focused on the creation of despair and terror, playing with an innate sense of claustrophobia that had the original stories. Interestingly, as the story begins, as his other melodramas and walked slowly becomes faster as the horror themes are beginning to dominate the plot, the culmination of his great use for editing the final scenes. Not being in a movie where the camera tricks are important, what shines most in «The Sealed Room» Griffith's talent to send their actor, the legendary director was able to bring the best out of his cast with its inherent natural style is far from the entertainment, which was the norm in his day. <br /> <br /> As usual, the cast consisted of conventional Griffiths employees, starting with Arthur V. Johnson, as a graph. Johnson gives a great performance and accurately conveys the hero's transition from a loving husband to a sadistic monster. His speech did not touch without overdoing, but in fact that adds to the realism exaggerated character's face. Countess Marion Leonard looks very good and is very effective in its actions by passing the natural charm that makes it hard not to sympathize with her in her infidelity. And finally, the legendary Henry B. Walthall looks like a beautiful minstrels, and while far from one of his best performances, he was able to give an effective trial, which also adds a nice touch of comedy to the movie. Although no real significance for the plot, it's nice to see other members of the joint-stock company of Griffith in the background as his wife Linda Arvidson and young Mary Pickford as nobles in court. <br /> <br /> While not quite a masterpiece, the "Save Room» is notable implementation of editing to create suspense and tension as Griffith used to do in those days. The film has a very good set of design and while on a very low budget, care for details Griffiths makes it looks very convincing and works great with his directing style. Change focus on the big fear makes him stand out among his other films of the era, and Johnson's performance as the sadistic count makes it worth watching. While Griffith will always be remembered for his highly influential (and controversial) "Birth of a Nation", early short films he made in front of him did give a good idea of ​​the technique and style of development that would make him a legend, simple yet elegant "sealed room" is a fun movie to watch and one of the few horror of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10
