POW great adventure, adapted by Eric Williams of his own book (paperback copy which is a part of my father's library), which was inspired by true events; this may well be the first film of its kind and, therefore, has a lot to answer ?? not only looks like a stiff upper lip examples such as Albert, R. N. (1953, which I will look at the present time), THE Colditz the STORY (1955) and dangerous currents (1959), but the release of a high profile on the other side of the Atlantic, namely Stalag 17 (1953) and The Great Escape (1963), It , it sets the foundation is quite solid: British soldiers interned in a German camp to develop a cunning plan to escape by borrowing a page from the Greek legend ?? digging out from under the horse vaulting, which is used during exercise and in the sight of their captors! In fact, the film is neatly divided into two parts: the first deals with the slow process of digging the tunnel, the culmination of the flight, while the last stages show their fortunes outside the camp, as they try to make it to neutral Sweden. Typically, these British films, cast showcases some established (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and energetic (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers) stars, not to mention countless reliable character actor (Anthony Dawson Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). Three chains / refugees are Jin, steel and Tomlinson: while the first two stick together, the latter goes his own way ?? only to run into the other to achieve security. As you might expect, the story involves a lot of suspense and excitement; as with most man in the center of a prisoner of war sagas, too feminine interest minimized urgent. Director Lee had a long career ?? with this and several similar (albeit with a change in the settings and points) A Town Like Alice (1956), his most characteristic achievements ?? but he certainly milked every exciting situation in this case (even if, as reported, a delay in the shooting of the film saw Lee quit his post prematurely leaving ?? Ian Dalrymple producer with the task of binding the free ends!). In any case, it should be emphasized is an exquisite lighting (especially at night time sequences) in all.
