Something about the 40-year-old virgin, and another comedy hit of the summer, The Uninvited, it seems, but it's two different films in some respects. Both are romantic comedies that have this kind of over-the-top, crazy sensibility, which contains a teenager and man in their 20s, along with the usual familiarity crowd to go see movies. Both have some kind of formula to the stories as well. But by the end of the 40-year-old virgin, I think I found the whole it was more fun than «Crashers». Although it can be assumed, where the history of the relationship with the nature of Steve Carell's character, Andy and Catherine Keener in Trichet will go, it is not too basic for one to figure out how to Crashers, and the characters, as the leading and supporting realistic, more rounded, than most of the one-dimensional or unexplained men in others. And, perhaps, it may also depend on how you define (or just find syncope) in both. <br /> <br /> The fact that some people can go to the 40-year-old virgin, not knowing, Steve Carell, as well as Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn, and Karel built his cult status on The Daily Show (one of my favorite shows so far) in a small but memorable role in violent Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first major role, but it is not seen as some third-rate car. He is co-author and director / Apatow consider the character of Andy with a certain level of sincerity that keeps the audience on his side all the way, even in the early stages, when he talks to his figures, and their re-coloring. This is also a tricky line to walk on- lessors in the hands of this can not be more or less interesting than the dull 40 Days and 40 Nights with Josh Hartnett (also sexual dysfunction). As the name implies, Andy is a 40-year-old, who is a good friend of a guy with a little Pee-wee Herman in it (the opening credits of his apartment, cheerful, a good sign). <br /> <br /> so, his friends (among them Paul Rudd, Romanov Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all very good comic foil) to try to devise various strategies and tips to finally break the curse of over the head of Andy poke his cherry, so to speak. He almost gets overly drunk women, he almost gets a bizarre kind of girl, and almost with his boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in mockumentaries) both (explitive) buddy. But it soon everything starts to fade when he gets into a meaningful relation with Trichet, who works across the street from him. As they build on the relationship is not based at all on sex, one might worry that the land transfer "how he was going to tell her so and so" can get in the way of comedy. It does not. In fact, if anything, Karel cast and build on it in a very high degree. For almost an hour and a half, two hours long movie, there was a time I did not laugh, whether it be large or small. <br /> <br /> The big laugh, though not only replenish any formalities with the plot, or one or two small meandering stories (colleagues, employees have their own problems in the relationship, as well as the Rudd to be funny). Big laugh come through because of Karel reaction, and that the people around him may either create a backup with his native humor / charm, or that it with some truth. Keener gives a very good performance and makes it so that there is a real spirit of their relationship (and not-as «Crashers», there is not much that does not make sense wise characters). For someone like me who loves it when a comedian can get laughs just from the way he looked at his face, Karel gets very high scores here. And as brothers movie Farrell, more obscene or scandalous scenes made with the full absurdity; "Depilation" scene (which was done for real, by the way) and the kind of Aquarius musical number at the end of the film (as it comes to the total, exuberant surprise). But if you're willing to not take offense at it, there's where that came from. This is one of the funniest movies of the year.
