Criticism EVENING film based on the novel by Susan Minot and adapted for the screen Minot and Michael Cunningham, it was tough, so sharp, that it may have puzzled many viewers give the film a try. The main criticism was focused on the fact that very little happens in this film about fretting dying woman by mistake she had made one summer in his youth, that famous actor got a very small role that all production was more bloated, etc. . For this viewer, watch a DVD in the silence of the house, there was a very different reaction. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave), died at his home on the ocean and its medicines and memories allow it to share the name of a person - "Harris" - with two grown daughters Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). As her daughter sitting by her bedside Anne once again facing a certain summer, when she was a bridesmaid for her best friend Lila (MAMI Homer) - married Ann (Claire Danes in the youthful Anne) and alcoholic brother Lila Buddy (Hugh Dancy) objected feeling that Lily just marry a man of his class, and not a boy, she loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of her housekeeper, who became a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila, and Anne woven together in a series of passions and romances that are not kept secret until now, 50 years later, Anne and die. The older Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Anne at the end, and secrets are revealed, "there are no such things as mistakes - life just goes on film is a finely tuned piece and the script by Minot and Cunningham rich in atmosphere and subtle life lessons Yes, there is.. gap in history who could use a more detailed explanation, but in order to maintain an aura of nostalgia words of the dying woman, this "hole" is clear. The film is embellished by the presence of not only Redgrave, Richardson (true daughter of Redgrave), Collette, Homer (true daughtertrip), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy, Patrick Wilson, but also with the ensemble cast of the short, but very solid performances. Installing magnificent (cinematography by Gyula Pados) and music is unparalleled Jan AP Kaczmarek .. Lajos Koltai ( "Being Julia) directs. Judge the film on their own .... Grady Harp
