So many great actresses in a movie are a practical invitation to the local cinema, so I duly answered. Here are some comments .. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave great even while lying in bed. In addition, it looks very old and I do not think that this is achieved with a lot of make-up, which is a good thing for the movie, but boring for us moviegoers. I think it got a little aging dramatically in recent years. Claire Danes continues its long-awaited return to the cinema and exudes a certain warmth. MAMI Homer resemblance to his mother Merlot Streep, both in terms of looks and acting style is so strange that I lost concentration for the film for a few minutes after its entry. It is surprisingly good; However, this similarity there is a risk to work against her favor. I agree with the previous comment: Natasha Richardson was defined plastic work to her face. She certainly does not look like it, as I remember from previous films ( "Nelly", for example). Both she and Toni Collette, unfortunately, does not make much of an impression, partly because they do not look convincing as sisters. Their interaction is weak. Toni Collette in addition is too old for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep have had more time on the screen. Streep performance is actually little more than a cameo. Her scenes with the other hand, have more emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins provides some welcome dry wit, especially in its second role of an imaginary night companion character Redgrave. As for the men; Hugh Dancy enlivenes film much despite the fact that it gives a wider capacity than necessary. In fact, as soon as it comes out of the story, he begins to drag. In addition, to his credit that he manages to create just the right feeling of boyish charm the viewer. Patrick Wilson on the other hand, is a complete void in the center of the film. In addition, he has the misfortune that the script is not sufficient to explain why the three men (one man) so much surprised by this man. The history of this should be developed more. <br /> <br /> cinematography is excellent, as expected. However, the main set of the summer at home did not convince me. It does not look natural on top of a rocky hill, especially with grass patch in front. A little too like cardboard. <br /> <br /> In general, the film is a classy production, but seen-it-all-up, shouted-at-it-all-before feeling took me for most of its duration and, therefore, not able to do the impact on me that I was expecting from the sentimental. Nevertheless, it still managed to make me think about the passage of time, their expectations from life and the extent to which they are executed or not. Worth a try at least on DVD, if not in the movie ...
