After watching the trailer for the evening, you probably first think about how cool part is cast, (I mean, they even got its own Brad Rocky Horror in, Bostwick, to show the world that it is still valid) and in the next second, about how they just showed us the film. Although it is not entirely accurate, the film pretty much summed up nicely in a trailer, and it's not necessarily a bad thing. This is the story of a dying woman, remembering a time long ago, when she met the love of his life ?? the one that got away. Her daughter to hear her reminisce about people they have never heard, and the story of what happened when she and Harris killed Buddy quickly exhausted. No matter what happens, though, the film is not about these people and what they do, good or bad. It is a vehicle to show that there are no mistakes in life. What could be more unfortunate in fact be a single instance in your life that need to happen to the good times flowing ever happen. <br /> <br /> The story itself is beautifully written and very evident from the literature, our filmmakers here have decided to tell the story, intercutting between the present (Ann before he died), dreamstate (Ann hallucinations, combining the present with the past in her head) and last (meeting Anne Harris at the wedding of her best friend). There are some times when a little bit sharp cuts, and the progression of the past so well that you can find this material a bit longwinded and sad, but in general it is treated better than at first glance. It's not as though Anne uninteresting life now, he just has less to do with the plot, he makes a morality that is being studied. While I admit that the parallels in the past to help alleviate the problems of children Anne Currently, I was too fascinated at the wedding to take care of as well as I could, should. There are some good points, though, for example, an accident, awakens from a nap Ann reflected later, and the mysterious dreams that span both worlds together. <br /> <br /> It's the cast that makes the flashbacks so exciting and fluid. These characteristics are completely riveting to the point where you get a little angry when our time has changed, and we must wait to see what happens next. No matter how annoying I find angry / sad / crying face Claire Danes, which exists in every role she plays, she is not good that it does. I find myself warming her talents more and more in recent years, and this is one time that contributes to thaw. Patrick Wilson is always great, I've seen it. You have to give him credit for picking up some truly fantastic role and never make more than one film a year. Of Angels in America last year, young children, the guy quickly erode, but hopefully it will stay true to the craft and not in cash. Heck, even Homer MAMI good as the younger version of her real-life mother Meryl Streep (which is surprisingly very little in the film). It is still rough around the edges, but it was fine in the expression of emotional turmoil her character goes through her wedding day. A revelation, though, Hugh Dancy. I feel like I've seen him in many things, but in fact it just seems to King Arthur. Dance literally steals every scene he is in, and the way in which its role is devastated Buddy Love / alcohol / life ran in his facial expressions everywhere. Without his productivity, the Flashback sequence could fall into several categories forget how the rest of the film and made the experience a whole lot worse. <br /> <br /> While not completely original ways which writers then, the evening really brings intelligence and craft of the table. You may be able to blame the length and number of cut scenes to tie everything together, but you can not argue that the incumbent is not worth sticking around. Maybe the film version only wedding would be something to see, however, if it is all put together, it can also be something that comes out of it, which could not be achieved without any other plot threads. In any case, the prize should go for the most part, and each plane of reality ends up with its subtle beauty and lives up to the fact that he came in front of him.
