While in his deathbed, Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgrave), repeats the name "Harris" and recalls the day in the '50s, when she was aspiring singer and traveled from New York City to be maid of honor to her wealthy friend Lila Wittenborn (Homer IAMI) in Newport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) are welcome alcoholic and unreasonable Lila's brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy) in Wittenborn house at the sea, and he tells her that his sister is in love with the fact their friend and servant Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), who They fought in the war and graduated in medicine. Later Be the bride confesses his true feelings about Harris Anne. However, when Anne meets Harris, she was in love with him, and they have a brief affair for one night stand while tragedy happens with Buddy. Especially while daughter Anne, a dangerous and unstable Nina Mars (Toni Collette) and a happy wife and mother Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson), is experiencing with their mother and has a contrast must be solved <br /> <br /> «Evening». It has one of the best female reproach I have ever seen in a movie, with excellent performances. The similarity of the MOU stunning homer with Meryl Streep's mother country, and it has the performance that values ​​the name of her mother. Location, costumes, set decorations, cinematography and soundtrack too weird. Unfortunately, the story is confused, and I do not clearly understand the message of this film. Why is motherhood so important in this story? Constance was generate in the bedside table and Ann Harris, and he is her father? Why is Anne Harris did not stay together, if the guy really loved her, he confesses his chance meeting in New York? What questions Ann Lord allowed after a visit Lila Ross? Buddy Wittenborn was bisexual or his love for Harris was brotherly love? Why Nina Mars changed their thoughts about motherhood in the end? It seems that the writers or director have failed because they were not able to have a sense of fulfillment and a beautiful love story. . My vote is seven <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Am Entardecer" ( "The Eventide")
