In the evening, it is a beautiful story about an evil mother love. Split the movie at the time MAGIC shooting, and has acted strangely touching script. Vanessa Redgrave plays Ann Grant Lord, woman solar installation of life. Lying in bed, her mind remembering and misfires, she recalls her first mistake. Claire Danes plays a young Anna, giving vitality to die young woman covered bed. Daughter Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson), trying to decipher the real story of despair dementia. Her first mistake revolves around Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); the man of her best friend Lila (MAMI Homer) loved deeply. Daughter must come to terms with the past of his mother, and their future. The cast glows in the evening. The collective energy of the actor of this film could catering equipment for the production of all of the film. I'm so glad to see Claire Danes working again, especially in this role. She's so young and alive, quite alive joy, sorrow and error the first error the young Anna. This is quite a feat when you realize that she plays a woman who dies in bed. When her life overwhelms her, you can feel her desire to crack and her hopeless hope that it will not. Some of her facial expressions grinded on me a bit, but for all her performance was so radiant, I have left that only as remarks. Toni Collette continues to prove that you can be a strong actress, not being a super model. She plays the black sheep of the family; a little lost. Nina finds a lot of strength in his mother's mistake. Collette gently avoids creating hard character who revels in her mother's mistakes, instead of choosing the wiser way of learning from her mother's mistakes. There is a lot of quarrels between Nina and her sister Constance. Their fights reminded me of those I have with my sister all the time. MAMI Homer, who plays the young best friend Anna, it's great. Her character lingered between her heart and her status in society. Even if she was crying, and her heart is broken, it is incredibly charming and royal. I can not wait to see it in action is something else in the future. Vanessa Redgrave performance is very difficult for me to describe. Her talent to ensure that her mental state is ambiguous without being Wacko or even particularly tragic is why it is so powerful. The viewer does not know what she was doing this story because it is slipping, or if these events actually occurred. Physically and emotionally speaking, the Redgrave acting in the box. Not so much the physical space and limited emotional range may have been stunner to a lesser actress, but it does limit work on it. I was constantly amazed. The film, of course, a woman-oriented, but the men in the film are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson mesmerizing as Harris. Not surprisingly, all the film in love with him, I'm sure was. Buddy Wittenborn brother Lila, in uncontrollable. Hugh Dancy Buddy spirals out of control, without sending his acting in vain. Glenn Close is your favorite scene in the film. It reminded me of the famous scene from Bala monsters. It's horrible and jaw dropping mountain. I was completely stunned. One current disappointment Natasha Richardson. While its action scenes are memorable, most of its action smacks of melodrama. He would approach her to take effective bath before we had to breathe its stench. It is good that it is not responsible for the visual effects. Visual film are sparkling. Cinematographer Gyula Pados could not make the film richer the color, the light is so perfectly fits your mood and emotions. Visual concept flash back sequence are potent and resonates. There were many scenes that could have been stopped, printed, assembled and sold as art. I admit it, I was crying. Evening is a powerful film. Evening outrageous chick flick, but a really great chick flick. If you want to impress a woman with a selection of movie, choose the evening.
