Since the start of reading the book, this film is based on, I have mixed feelings about the captured result. I learned some time ago to see the film version of the book before I read the book because I found that when I first read the book I was inevitably disappointed in the film. This was certainly true here, while in the case of the Atonement, which is probably the best shot adaptation of the book that I have ever seen, it probably does not matter. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to figure out what the cause, and I suspect that I have to point the finger directly at Michael Cunningham. Much as I respect him for hours (which I have not read, but I have seen, and awe), I can not shake the feeling that he is not so much a book adapted by Susan Minton, he took some of the characters and the main preconditions and write your own movie out of it. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that I do not like the movie. I really love this movie, because as I began to read the novel, I feel disturbed by it all. I feel disloyal to Mr. Minton to enjoy a movie that was so thooughly departure from their work. Reading it, I can understand why she was so struggle, adapting it. In contrast to what one reviewer of the film said that it is not so much that some stories do not deserve to be in the movie; it's more like some books simply can not make the transition. novel Mrs. Minton operates at a level of personal and intimate of its central character, so internally, that it seems impossible for me to put it in the physical world. Even though many of the books the memory of actual events, a memory, and so fragmented and volatile to be, I feel entirely filmable. I believe that the work of Ms. Minton is a true work of literature, but can not make the transition to a movie that does not detract from its value. <br /> <br /> I can not even tell that evening, the film does not represent the evening, the novel, more than the most superficial way, since I'm only halfway, but the original should have made a huge leap, to be like a movie that is worth at this point. I believe I am writing this because I feel that if you are going to adapt the novel to adapt it, but not do anything else, it is not so. I'm not sure if that Cunningham made a completely original, but with the fact that I can see so far is that he has done all based on someone else's work. We had a few hours, when Virginia Woolf Do not write Mrs. Dalloway, and we would not have a night in a small form where Susan Minton was not much of a problem, doing something, probably we should not have been tried first. But this is too much to say that it would be better if Mrs. Minton left alone, because the evening, the film is satisfactory and beautiful work of his own. <br /> <br /> So, my confusion, mixed feelings, a sense of disloyalty, and the final conclusion that in this case, the novel can be a movie, and vice versa, and my opportunity to thank both writers for what they have done, so that we both work, as they are.
