The first "subplot" in Universal Century Gundam universe is a refreshing new perspective on the war between Earth and the space colonies. Sun emphasis is no longer on a small group of people who would go on to play a major role in the conflict, but in everyday civilian population and the war seen through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The story does contain some clips Gundam, its premises to be attempts to dress ZEON capture the Gundam pilot, but the execution of the plot, which made the show so exciting to watch. This series focuses on the experiences of a young boy named Alfred, and the relationship between its neighbor, Christina McKenzie, who secretly pilot Federation and Zeon novice pilot by the name of Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops a kind of "brotherly love" for Bernie while our young pilot Zeon also falls in love with Christine. <br /> <br /> «The war in the pocket 'proves that you do not need sweeping epic tale of special people, to make for a good military history. There's no uber ace pilots or large-scale naval battles, to see here. This short episode 6 OVA focuses much more on the nature of the emotional drama on other topics like politics or philosophy, and I love how realistically reflects the character. Alfred your typical every day a child who plays a tough computer games and thinks that the armed forces cool. He then gave a crash course in the terrible reality of war. Unlikely friendship and the relationship between Bernie and Christine, each not knowing that they are soldiers on different sides of the war, playing a very real, not going overboard with romance drama stuff. The same applies to the affectionate relationship between Alfred and Bern. That being said, I would not want to spoil much of the history here, but it makes it much more heartbreaking to watch the tragedy unfolding in the show is moving all the way to it emotionally devastating twist ending. <br /> <br /> Despite the lack of action, the show never falls into the "boring" category. Character just engaging enough to carry all shows. Do not worry, as there are a number of mobile suit action scenes scattered here and there. Each beautifully animated at a level superior to that with OVA and sure to satisfy cravings for certain "mandatory" Mobile Suit Gundam battles in the series. <br /> <br /> As a rule, watch anime in Japanese or English, I would be left up to personal preference. But in this case, I strongly recommend the English voice track for the Japanese one. Not only do the characters, which all but Alfred is Caucasian, sound more plausible, in English, but speaking English voice actors are on a par or even superior to the Japanese one, instilling each character with such realistic emotions and intonations, they sound just acting in some live-action TV dramas. <br /> <br /> In short, this show is not trying to impress the audience. What it does is scrutinized touching many topics that hit closest to home is especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war, child's eye. Indeed little story moves, which deserves more credit than is currently given.
