This is a complex film that explores the impact of Fordist modes and Taylorist industrial capitalist on human relations. There are constant references to mass production, where workers are treated as cogs in a machine under the control of managers with notepads, controlling how much hair job is left open, and the dismissal of workers (Stanley), who meet all the criteria (as says its director, always on time, employees are doing a good job), but anyone can make a mistake in the indefinite future. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley has to send his father to a nursing home (where he quickly dies) after Stanley loses his job. daughter Iris is a teen mother who drops out of high school to get a job at the factory. It refers to the fact that at the present time, with a reduction in salary, both partners must work, bearing in mind that there is no one left at home to take care of children. Iris's husband died of illness, and the numerous references in the film about the cost of medical care, the viewer has to wonder if he could live with the best and more expensive medical care. brother of Iris in the law becomes abusive after a bad day at the office for unemployment when his wife yells at him when buying beer with her savings instead to leave it to her face-lift and / or operation of the teeth (even the working class fires in ordinary bourgeois notions of perfection and beauty to buy them). A link to the race in the film through the back line of the factory worker, whose husband is in prison (apparently, he is also black, and black people suffer disproportionately high incarceration figures). She notices that he, like she, "do time" - her family is made up of prisoners and slaves wages <br /> <br /> Stanley, however, continues to believe that the relationship between people and so for most of. film outside the Fordist system of capitalism. He takes care of his father, despite the fact that he was a salesman work of his father, which led to his illiteracy - it still does not diminish the human relationship to a purely instrumental agreement as Iris's brother-in-law makes (assuming . he "married the wrong sister"), he is not as Iris says, corresponds to the normal operation consumes a dream everyone else; rather, it uses technologies and methods of industrial production in the artisanal and creative way, in some of the Bauhaus ideal it was a dream of the early modernists. and the 1920 Social The bottom line (for example, Bauhaus) - to use the technology to provide for all the basic needs, which allows more time for the creative work of man and a complete human relations It is also outside the traditional gender relations he is ready, he cleans, he cares about.. his family, and he knows how to iron Iris, on the other hand, lives in a traditionally male role -. it is a factory worker, a source of revenue for the network it (extended) family, and it brings the Stanley ~ d in the public sphere, traditionally forbidden to women. Teaching him to read and write, she gives him access to the world of knowledge, as well as the traditionally male gender. <br /> <br /> literacy is used here as a metaphor (traditionally male) public sphere and systems circulation (money, car, cultural) which make it possible to participate in the public sphere. Without this access, Stanley feminized - jobs, open cook and clean for him. It is excluded from all the regular circulation, can not participate in the monetary (can not open a bank account), a car (can not get a driver's license, can not ride the bus), and social (he asks, if it exists, if it is He can not write his name). <br /> <br /> After learning to read, it lacks books on auto repair, agriculture and spirituality (the Bible). The Word of God because relativized, located on the same plane as important as the books. In fact, organized religion in general is present only occasionally - the Bible is also a dressing table as the camera pans to find Stanley and Iris sex. It is, however, recognized as a moral force - Iris, obvious character, dedicated to live a "good" life mentioned at the beginning of the film, her rosary was among items lost in a purse snatching <br /> <. br /> Once read, he comes in and lands a management position with the health plan, the car and the house, to take his place at the head of the family breadwinner. Presumably, it is an industrial designer invents products that require other enduring tedious assembly line for the production. This is the end, probably only a few conventional Hollywood movie, is so ridiculous with all that was before, that I at least wonder if he was not forced into any studio Exec suddenly concerned about the lack of well-being endings, and its potential impact on the bottom line. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the pundits, we comfortably passed to a post-industrial capitalism, the film also has a bit of nostalgia as if we need a historical distance, to accurately analyze what happened during this period. <br /> <br /> However, it is strongly recommended - at least if you want to exercise your brain. Ignore the end, and it is close to perfect 10.
