I love all dogs go to heaven, but I'm a guy. This Land Before Time best animated films that have made Don Bluth! The film Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) helps his friend Itchy (Dom DeLuise) freedom with a pound in New Orleans in 1939, Charlie, who in the casino business wants to share with your partner equal Carface (Vic Teybek). Carface, who do not want to share equally with Charlie pushes the car on the bridge at Charlie kills him! Charlie enters heaven and meets Annabel (Melba Moore), who shows Charlie that his time is up, showing him a watch that stopped, and she explains that all dogs go to heaven, because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie stopwatch hides behind his back and switch it back, and he returns to Earth alive with Annabel cry, you can never go back! Charlie reunited with tickling and they go and explore in the near future to find out what Carface not only tried to kill Charlie ~ d, he also stole a little orphan named Anne Marie (Barcelona). If Carface leaves Charlie and Itchy help Anne Marie to run. The next day, Charlie Itching and Anne Marie go look for money! Anne Marie sees a couple, she thinks it will make great father for her! While Anne Marie says with a pair of Charlie sneaks up behind a man and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and itching then go to the races, where they put the money on the person, the horse will win the race! Horse they would say to win the wind to victory and Charlie, Itchy, and Anne Marie is paid $ 1,000 per bet! Charlie promises to Anne Marie, he will use the money to give to the poor, but the winds of buying a new casino and gambling and buys pizza for her friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppies. Soon Anne Marie found out that Charlie stole a purse with a man and used his money at the races, and all! Charlie's sad to have a dream about going to Hell and the devil! Soon, Charlie wakes up and discovers that Anne Marie was gone! She went on to give the wallet back to the couple who forgive her of her purse and inviting for breakfast! Charlie asks Anne Marie get away with it, and she pretends to be sick, but trapped mice, who are trying to feed their King Gator, but they manage to escape! Soon Carface is and captures Ann Marie. He plans to drown, but Charlie comes in and calls on the King Gator, who eats Carface. Charlie's time is up, and he had to die again. Itching with other dogs is a pair that took Anne Marie and get together with them to the place where Anne Marie. They are there in time to save Anne Marie, but too late to save Charlie, it's time is over! Charlie, which is awarded for his heroic efforts to rescue Anne Marie welcomed back to heaven, but before he enters, he says goodbye to Anne-Marie, who was adopted by a couple, and ask her to take care of tickling to him. She says yes and tells Charlie that she loved him, and good-bye! Charlie enters into Heaven again, as it says all dogs go to heaven! Filled with great animation of the characters and the history of Don Bluth proved to us once again that he is a good animator! It's too bad this film was to release the same year the Little Mermaid is my favorite Disney movie! They both came out in 1989, which was a year before I was born! I believe I'm going to call them as best animated features of 1989! 10 out of 10!
