First of all, «St. Ives' film only fairly based on the novel by Robert Louis Stevenson with the same name, but this time, it's not a criticism. The original novel work in progress, work in progress in the author's death, and freely adapting it and giving it to an end, the filmmaker has brought to life some endearing characters that, although different from Stevenson's original will, I I'm fascinated and entertained him <br /> <br /> it in 1813 :. Capitaine Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves is a Breton nobleman, orphaned guillotine revolution, now serves as a hussar in Napoleon's army. We meet him to follow the evening, claiming that since the hussar who died at 30, is the "villain", he was 34, is now "on borrowed time"! Of course, if he is facing a string called duels, our brave hero, it seems to be in danger, but the surreal prank on his colonel gives him a way out of the duels and in the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer. Unfortunately, this also leads to the loss of his commission ... more misadventures lead him prisoner by the British and sent to a POW camp in a Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> While carving toys and boxes, attracts the attention of Jacques Flora, a young niece of Miss Susan Gilchrist, well-traveled woman of the world, who lives in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most of this history relates Flora Jacques helps to escape and find his immigrant grandfather, old Conte. Of course, there is a problem. older brother Jacques, Alain, dissolute alcoholic, is - perhaps for obvious reasons - it is not pleasant when grandfather disinherits it before the whole family, the very moment that Jacques appeared ... Kew treachery! There is also an entertaining story of a romance between an awkward, naive but good Major Farquhar Chevening and aunt Susan, who traveled for the most part of the Ottoman Empire and was a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> even with the natural damage in favor of a film in which the heroine share my name, «St. Ives' it's magic! It combines the great swashbuckling swordfights, balloon-flight, comedy and romantic adventures. I would recommend it for those who like to "look of the film, which they do not do more," - Fairbanks, Coleman, Flynn & Co. Actions are great. Anna Friel makes Flora energetic and attractive character, and Jean-Marc Barr beautiful as Jacques, a really attractive hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant has great my favorite, and have great fun as Susan Farquhar, whose relationship work as a comic counterpoint to that of the terminals. How evil, intrigue, but ultimately tragic Allen, Jason Isaacs shows how he made recently in «The Patriot», he has a classic swashbuckling style, besides the dashing good looks! Please, please, someone will cast him as the hero * * in the genre? !!! <br /> <br /> My main quibble with kinokontserna settings and costumes. In the book, the castle in which Jacques prisoner explicitly Edinburgh, but the film was shot in Ireland, Germany and France «Highlandised" establishment, making the preservation of geographical names such as Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry decidedly untrue. The costumes also present stew, from 1780s to the period in which it is installed. Although it would not be implausible to many characters down market "decisions to make," it seems strange for a wealthy will, like the heroine to wear 1780s dress in 1813. it is clear that the decision was? Sthetic costumes: these early style -visual more attractive and elegant than Regency fashion, and they work in the idealized world of the film. In general, «St. Ives 90 minutes of pure delight.
