Like his older brothers, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau started to cut their teeth in the French cinema with a series of remarkable thriller: «La Menace» (1977) and «Série Noire» (1979), among others. " Police Python 357 "is a good example of how Corno conceived and shot their work at this time of his career. they had great cinematography, painstaking screenplays and directing complex designed for Sacco. <br /> <br /> efficiency police in caretaker Ferrot (Montand) is policing with unconventional methods that usually work alone. It znaomits Smiling young woman with Sylvia Leopard (Sandrelli) and becomes her lover, ignoring that she has another lover:. its excellent Ganay (Francois Perier) When the latter finds out, he kills her in a fit of anger Ferrot. must investigate the murder and all the evidence against him relentlessly ... <br /> <br /> we can assume that this kind of far-fetched stories are not exempt from glitches, and sometimes you can see right through it, but the precise directorial style Corno helps conjure suffocating, darkish atmosphere. The first part of the film before the murder the night may seem uninteresting, however, it is crucial for what will follow is a key moment. Corno falls back to a sober treatment with a rather rare and short moments of appearance of secondary, secondary characters that the viewer sees again during the investigation. Despite the shortcomings, the roots of his scriptwriter Daniel Boulanger cleverly written story. Menard (Carriere), which sometimes expresses his bewilderment, because Ferrot maintains a relatively low profile in the course of the investigation. But his boss knows that he usually works alone. In fact, Ferrot must find solid tricks to muddy the waters and so justify. After all, the main idea of ​​the film concerns itself Ferrot. He is a police officer, who little by little, loses its individuality and is in the heart of the terrible depersonalization. It is embodied in the moment when he throws acid on his face so that the witnesses did not recognize him when he was face to face with them. <br /> <br /> On the background of this thriller, Orléans effectively enhance the camera root and helps inspire this terrible thriller its pernicious charm.
