Knowing what to expect (as a whole) on the performance of Denzil Washington - quality, integrity, ambiguity, wry humor - prepare you for what you can expect from your directorial debut. Much like Robert De Niro Bronx Tale, Antwone Fisher delivers a moving drama of a young person's life, and the consequences of the key figures in his life. Just as in A Bronx Tale De Niro played one of the key figures of the main character (a character he was born to play, but he was too old, too), Washington takes the same role in this, as a parent advisor to the titular character - character that looks like it should be played in Washington 20 years ago. Be grateful to Washington too old to play Antwone, because if it were, we would first of all be deprived of strange measured and reasonable nuances of performance he gives as a Navy Counselor. But more importantly, we did not get to see the beautiful, we can only hope, a star making turn from Derek Luke in the title role. Inevitably, the character comes across as a form in the shape of Washington, but you get the impression it's not just because Washington has sent him, not that Luke is trying to copy him, but Luke is really powerful, and food for the actor reflection, Washington. It took too long to Washington to receive the award he deserved Malcolm X Academy, Philadelphia, Devil in a Blue Dress and hurricanes, let's hope that Luke did not have to wait so long. In addition, most of the cast was Joy Bryant as Fisher's girlfriend, Cheryl. While part of the support could be forgotten or standard "girlfriend" role Bryant fills his life. Gentle and intelligent role goes beyond the stereotypical with Bryant, inhabiting it, and it makes part of a meaningful and interesting. It does not hurt, either, that Bryant may be the most attractive woman you see on film this year - one smile could ignite the coldest heart. Acting ability and looks - why this woman is not in all that done now. Providing good support in a small role in Salli Richardson as Washington's wife Bertha. Speaking more with silence or see how many actresses can control the whole film she informs the audience as much as story lines long before the exposure. As for Washington's direction, as I have already said, this is the equivalent of directing its actions. Taking the story of a man, not only the audience heard and that makes it really interesting is the tough feat that Washington is seeking with aplomb. The film is neither rushed nor flashy, but it never feels slow or boring. It is measured and nuanced, balancing humor and drama perfectly. Antwone Fisher does not blow you away, if you like big, explosive, plotless Hollywood films, but also for those who appreciate finely crafted piece of characters, with excellent and well-handled strict direction, this is for you.
