Unlike other commentators, who commented on the ability of the film to transcend race, the opposite, I think that this powerful film provides a complex and deep story that addresses institutional racism and its consequences. Washington directs the story of Fisher careful hand and a critical eye, without giving up any of the cinematic effort to the dismemberment of the female organs, perpetuating the absurd stereotypes entirely satisfies the expectations of white look. I think that this film could be too happy, in the end; however, it is deeply rooted in African-American culture and discourse to the fact that some of the white viewers can get a sense of looking at the life of this African-American - Antwone Fisher. I have problems with the Naval aspect of the film, but when we look at America, there is not a lot of options and opportunities for black men, who are / were in a situation of Fisher or similar situations. Viewers can go in this film is waiting for "black film? What?" Black Movie "<br /> <br /> There are stereotypes of pimps, whores, drug dealers, single-parent families and so on are" black film? "I think that Washington, as the director acknowledged that African-Americans and other people of color deal with human problems, abuse and displacement of aggression, to name a few These problems -. historically and currently - only gave light and reality through "good will hunting" and other white film, this time they received the same recognition and legitimacy as their white counterparts in and out of the media <br /> <br /> Sadly although, in this racist country, Denzel Washington. and Derek Luke, may have to wait another ten years before they receive an Oscar or something else. they both have to wait until they are sent, or appear in the film, which perpetuates the conventional racist and sexist stereotypes to get the Oscar. That is, say, Denzel deserves the award for «Malcolm X», «Hurricane» and other so jive "Training Day" Oscar. This is not to deny or marginalize other great actors and actresses of color, who denied the tribute of praise for the work of ingenuity. However, Hollywood would prefer to send a message that racism and sexism, and heterosexism acceptable conservation and even reward those stereotypes, as they appear in countless films such as «American Beauty», «Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" "American pie," and even "Gone with the wind". <br /> <br /> Derek Luke is too actor, and I wish him the best. All the other actors and actresses gave magnificent performances hands down, even though I I take issue with the choice of Denzel another straight hair, Light-skinned sistuh. Nevertheless, everyone should see this movie. However, this may not be for everyone. Lots of Luv. 10/10
