This film is based on a true story, it comes from the first-time director and long time actor Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington has given us some of the best performances over the past decade, as the black soldiers during the Civil War in glory, and a lawyer in the acclaimed Philadelphia. And, of course, he made a special prominence last year when he won the Academy Award for best actor in Training Day, in which Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive the award for Best Actor. I believe that Denzel wanted to change the tempo, so he decided to send Antwone Fisher, in which he also stars. Fisher played by Derek Luke, who is new to the silver screen, but did some guest appearances on such television shows as The King of Queens, and it will appear in the upcoming release of the movie Biker Boyz. <br /> <br /> this is really well made movie with Denzel Washington, believing that it was his first time directing. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt some obligation to, and believe in the true story of the life of Antwone Fisher. Antwone Fisher of young African-American man in the Navy, who constantly gets into fights, and after one particular fight, he goes to a psychiatrist Navy named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport Antwone help to deal with his troubled past and learn to move on with her life, finding his birth mother, who had to abandon it at birth because she was in prison. What makes this movie good is the fact that it is not too melodramatic. I was expecting something a little more like Good Will Hunting, with a lot of swearing, fighting and vulgarity. Not that I did not like Good Will Hunting, or wrestle, wrestling, and the vulgarity of the film were ridiculous. Quite the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story, and I do not think that Washington wanted a sensational story for dramatic affect in the movie. Do not get me wrong, there are times when we see Antwone battle, carrying on and having moments when it seems that the world is coming to him. In the end, in his first session with his psychiatrist, the character played by Washington, Davenport asked Fisher, where he was born, and Fisher's reaction, 'out of the rock, "an obvious blow to the pressure decreases on Antwone Fisher soul. But I had to appreciate the fact that this film was not sensational for dramatic affect. I think it shows the real character from Denzel Washington to deliver a more realistic story and avoid the typical cliches that are common in Hollywood films, even those based on real facts. Another point that I would like to bring to about Antwone Fisher is valid. In total, performances were good in the movie, but not great. Sometimes I think it was a bit obvious that the main characters are actors, but in general, complains of performance in this film, it would be ridiculous. An actress, I would like to mention in this film Viola Davis. She plays Antwone mother, but she says she barely two sentences in the movie at all, but not much, because it appears at the end of the film, but more because she was shocked that her long-lost son, Antwone found her . What I would like to mention about her as an actress in the absence of its use. It basically iconic actress, and I have not seen her play any really challenging roles. She was on the move, Out Of Sight, Kate and Leopold, and the last two films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In Soderbergh's remake of Solaris, it has played a scientist convicted on a spaceship orbiting the planet. In this film, she is faced with George Clooney's character, and she turns to tears that Clooney tells her in one or another stage. When I first saw the Solaris, I remember her tear in the scene and thinking, wow, this woman can act. It was as if you could feel the sadness of the character. In this brief shot of her face, she gave so much expression, and I genuinely felt very sorry sorrow and problems of her character in the film. I think it has some potential as an actress and should be used more frequently, possibly in the lead roles, not only as a character actress initiatives. Nevertheless, Antwone Fisher is a very good film. Denzel Washington, as always, takes a great performance and it gives us a great directorial debut. In addition, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher brings his great critical recognition for her role as a troubled man, but I think that his public popularity will continue to grow with the release of Biker Boyz, which also stars Laurence Fishburne. Antwone Fisher is based on the book `Finding Fish: Memoirs" by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
