"And the time came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom» - Anais Nin Marcel Proust said, "The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeing new landscapes, but in fact, with new eyes. "Author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy N see new landscapes, but the demons of his past, prevented him from seeing the world with new eyes. Based on his autobiography," Finding Fish, "written many years after the events of his story dramatized in the film Antwone Fisher, the first directorial effort Denzel Washington. This cordial when multiple generic look at the painful process of transition from consumed their past to be able to live in the moment. <br /> <br /> It takes part in the therapy sessions after several outbursts of anger in t and the base, the painful aspects of his childhood are presented in flashback, as a grown Antwone (Derek Luke) tells about his life in the sessions with the Navy psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). He did not at first want to talk, but when it starts to open the floodgates. After as his father was shot by a friend and Antwone was abandoned by his mother after his release from prison, he was placed in a foster home, where he lived for fourteen years, suffering humiliation and sexual violence. Antwone by said receiving treatment for his Mrs. Tate (Novella Nelson) mother, who referred to him only as "nigger" and his cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross) was actually much worse than that shown on the screen. <br /> <br /> only friend he is a local named Jesse (Jascha Washington) who, at the end of the film, only adds to its feeling of abandonment. It is difficult to construct a film around the psychiatric sessions, but it has been done successfully in the ordinary people and Good Will Hunting with a lot more dramatic to participate, but it is a success here because of the prevailing Washington representations and Luke, although attempts movie squeeze eleven years in a few months it seems a little too superficial. humanity and warmth Davenport, however, allows Fisher to feel safe enough to discuss his troubled past and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend, who is also in the Navy, supporting them in their struggle to achieve a breakthrough. <br /> <br /> with the help and advice of Dr. Cheryl Davenport, Antwone develop enough self-esteem to go back to Cleveland and embark on a journey to try to find his mother in order to complete the past. What emerges in an incredible performance by Derek Luke Antwone misses for adoption, filmed in heart-rending dream indicated at the beginning of the film, in which he is the guest of honor at a banquet, filled with people who love him. Comedian Mort Sal once said that "people just need to remember that we are all here: to find a way home ...» Antwone Fisher affects not only on the willingness of a young man to find his way home, but it reaches all those who called myself to sleep, not knowing the joy of being loved.
