Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Duration: 97 minutes. Classified PG. <br /> <br /> He was the quintessential comedy of the decade. He won the Sir John Gielgud an Academy Award. He even featured in VH1 «I love the 80s". And it looks just as good today as it was in the first edition. Arthur is a famous classic comedy about a drunken millionaire (played with enthusiasm and wit Dudley Moore's Oscar-nominated performance), who has to choose between the woman he loves and the life he used to. while the main story one big punch, there's nothing corny about this favorable combination of reasonable dialogue and merry farce. Arthur Bach is, in fact, nothing more than a pretentious jerk, but you can not help but like him. Ac sling when he delivers lines such as, "Do not you have me? I know what to do? "He also delineation of archetypal movie character: unlike most wealthy characters we see on the silver screen, he does not hesitate to be filthy rich. In one scene, a man asked him, "What is it you want to have all that money?", To which he replies, "It feels great," Moore offers this charisma and charm of nature, which would otherwise be hated by his audience. . And Gielgud just perfect as arrogant servant, referring to its owner with extreme leniency, despite the fact that his salary depends on it. Arthur is one of those movies that try to be brilliant or particularly exceptional: it just comes naturally. The script - which also got the nod from the Academy - saturate authentic laugh out loud dialogue. It is a kind of film which, when coupled with a bunch of buddies poker, you quote endlessly with each other. It also looks at his characters with genuine sympathy. There have been several comedies that try to dip in the drama including the death or illness of the primary star (including the Grumpy Old Men), but few can bear it, because we just do not care. If this film makes a questionable decision to bring down the butler, it actually works, because we really like these people. Why you should see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is all around, Sun gloating. In the period in which the films are becoming more and more serious, Arthur reminds us what it feels like to go to the movies and just have a good time <br /> <br /> **** -. classic
