1928 is in many ways "lost" in the movies. Just as some of the best films of the silent era were made in any genre, the sound comes and - while reaping big profits at the box office - has established art of shooting about five years ago, as the film industry is struggling with the new technology. <br /> <br /> «Show People" is one of the biggest silent comedies of the era. The film shows that William Haines had a comic skills outside their usual formula unpleasant arrogant man who turns everything against him, he learns his lesson, and then redeems himself by winning a football game, play polo, etc. This film also exhibits A to illustrate that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had a great comic instincts and timing. The film begins as Beverly Hills as an adventure Peggy Pepper (Marion Davis) and her father, General Marmaduke Oldfish pepper, fresh from the old South. General Pepper decided that will hire some studio executive lucky his daughter as an actress. While in the studio bench Peppers work in Boone Billy (William Haines), a farce comedian. He gets Peggy Actor. She was unhappy when she learns that it is a farce, but the excavations. Eventually, she found a large studio and she and Billy leave, as it begins to take on a dramatic role. Soon, the new-found fame go to her head, and she was going to lose her community and get the title of king, when she decides to marry his new leading man, whom she does not like when the fate somehow intervened. <, Br /> <br /> One of the MGM things often makes in his later films of the silent era and the sound of his early films, a feature of the era of frames as movie production was made in MGM CIRCA 1930. This film is one of those who, as we get Charlie Chaplin tries to get an autograph Peggy wealth MGM players cameos during that time, including the director King Vidor, and even cameo Marion Davies as Peggy who sees Marion Davies Marion Davies arrives at work on portion. Peggy grimaces and mentions that she does not care about her. Indeed pleasure from beginning to end that silence, which is certainly worth it. This is one of the movies that I recommend you use to introduce people to the art of silent film, as it is very accessible.
