It is one thousand nine hundred eighty-one comedy still shines through the joint efforts of the writer / director Steve Gordon and stars of Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon, only in his early forties, died shortly after this, his only feature film. This is especially mourns the loss, as it shows, indeed skillfully hand on the nature of slapstick initiative, which makes the entire movie spectacular. He plays almost like the 1930s updated for modern tastes in style screwball comedy. The plot centers on Arthur Bach, the drunk, the diminutive millionaire playboy who risks losing his $ 750 million inheritance if he does not marry tasteless and sad, Susan Johnson, heiress picked up his money the old father and grandmother point. Of course, he does not love her and accidentally falls into Linda Marolla, working class waitress (and, of course, aspiring actress) after she pilfers tie Bergdorf Goodman for her father. <br /> <br /> standard complications occur, but in the most gentle manner from the alcohol-fueled farce loads configured classical impulse Moore. The fact that he makes such a flawed character simpatichnyma is a tribute not only to his comic talents, but also bold, all acidic Gielgud like Hobson, a devotee, but the reality is grounded valet Arthur. This type of role he could play in his sleep, but Gielgud Hobson makes a truly memorable character that his fate in the film brings a welcome injection of sharpness in the process. It is probably the most likable movie role, Liza Minnelli gives a picture of her male co-stars, softened his usual personality, and makes a feast Linda very genuine motivation. <br /> <br /> pre-start "LA Law" Eikenberry played Susan just to the right of the passive-aggressive note, while Barney Martin (Jerry's father on "Seinfeld") steals all of his scenes as messy father Linda Ralph. One fly in the ointment veteran actress Geraldine Fitzgerald, who overdoes the eccentricities of her grandmother. And I must admit that I still can not stand very outdated, I overplayed Christopher Cross songs that inevitably won an Oscar for best song this year. Unfortunately, 1997. DVD, of course, needs to be remastered, has no additional services should be noted, except for some photos and production notes.
