I saw Marion Davies in several films, and really could not understand its appeal. She could not dance for a song, she did not try to sing and her actions - she seemed in a trance. But I have not seen her dumb comedy and this film is excellent. Instead, kidding her own image, as has been suggested here, I think, a satire on Gloria Swanson, he made a start in slapstick comedies, went on a very emotional female photos and did eventually marry Count. Marion, top-mimic, also made a funny imitation rabbit when she wanted to see how big it was Gloria Swanson spot on !!! <br /> <br /> Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) has traveled all the way from Georgia to Hollywood, determined to prove that his daughter, Peggy, (Marion Davies) will be the biggest star ever. Their hope is exhausted, and they last up to 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines), who works for the farce studio and promises to get Peggy job. Peggy thought that it would be a great dramatic actress, but the studio thinks it is a fantastic comic. They convince her to do the movie and preview it with great success. Charlie Chaplin asks for her autograph, but she does not recognize him and treats him rather roughly. "Who was that short little guy" - when she learns that she loses consciousness !!! Peggy and Billy get a call from the High Art Studio, but Peggy want, and suddenly in her path. There is a funny scene where she sees the star, she does not think that a large part - is Marion Davies !!! <br /> <br /> She finally gets a chance to become an actress - but she can not cry! !! It's a funny scene as the director tries everything to make her cry when he does, she can not stop !!! Her new leading man, Andre (Paul Ralli) persuades her to forget her past and comedy become an elite and sophisticated - it even takes a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her dad - she developed a "STAR" personality !!! If farce studio chooses the same place as the movie "Patricia" Billy glad to see her, but not ready for her arrogant attitude. If she calls it a cheap clown, he realizes that she is not the girl he once knew. <br /> <br /> After lunch studio (a great panning shot of some of the biggest stars in the day) «Patricia» gets a call from the boss. It seems her films flop and no theaters do not want their book - the audience tired of her style and want the old Peggy ago. She and André decide to get married, she dreams of becoming a countess (even though Billy says that Andre served him spaghetti in a small cafe in the city center and no more than Earl than he is). On her wedding day, a visit to Billie and after cheerful custard pie fight, she realizes that Billy is for her <br /> <br /> It was amazing to see all the invited star. - John Gilbert saw passes through the MGM gate pours Cody talk to Elinor Glyn, who not only wrote «It», but more colorful romances, which were made at MGM movies. William Haynes, another actor, whose films I have always wanted to see, was great - especially in the dining scene, it was a great comic moment. Harry Gribbon was hilarious comedy as a director - there were so many funny scenes in this movie, and Marion was on top of them all - I give this movie 10 out of 10 <br /> <br /> It is very highly recommended.
