I had the pleasure of screening «The Big Bad Swim» Film Festival in New London in 2006 last week. Festival highlights some of the best independent and non-mainstream films of last year. It was my opinion that «The Big Bad Swim» was selected for display at the festival, for the simple reason that it was shot on location in and around Eastern Connecticut. However, the credits rolled, I could only think of how well «The Big Bad Swim» in comparison with other features during the festival. Until now, it has exceeded its list, and then "The Puffy Chair", "Who Killed the Electric Car" and "Transamerica". <br /> <br /> "The Big Bad Swim" is an attractive, real and often- humorous look at a few students of adult education swim class and their cute yet restless instructor who has a depth that I have not seen on the screen quite a long time. Line development and plot weaving character derived from something as absurd as swimming lessons for adults working in the subtle and sweet way that I found refreshing. The plot is not hit on the head with the direction; and it builds and grows organically at a rate that was in place. I never get bored. I never shrank. I never went out of the story on the screen. <br /> <br /> humor of the film is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" meets the «Old School». Actions from the group relatively unknown actors were present and their dialogue never seemed awkward or contrived. Obviously, not the production of a multi-million camera shot was not all impressive and clear, but enough and well done for the budget. Lighting and filming equipment for scenes shot in a strip club were especially eye-catching because of a more realistic approach than similar themed scenes found in «Closer». I also found pictures taken underwater class from the waist down, it seemed, as a portrait of the character, as a shot from the shoulders up can be. <br /> <br /> I'm sure he said over and over again from many in the independent film industry, but I have to say that if «The Big Bad Swim" not fit for some allocation, I would be very disappointed. "The Big Bad Swim "it should be seen. If you have a chance to see this movie, see it! Disappointment is impossible!
