Sunday, July 16 8:00 pm Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> «The Southern Colonel your make-up is very Indian» <br /> <br /> aching Hollywood gossip could sling more than a little mud in Marion Davis direction for years. The fact that she was known to her hands and deserve, often reflected. Given the sentimental drama she so often shifted, this criticism seems to be some action. As a comedy but her star shone brightly. Left to pursue a career in light comedy and farce, it could compete Mabel Normand. One of her best excursions was King Vidor Show People (1928), which survives so well known mostly because MGM filled his stellar cameo. It is a happy coincidence chance to preserve what is certainly among the best works of its two stars, and the notorious Joe Davis College wise cracking, William Haines. It is rumored that the show people were loosely based on the life of Gloria Swanson, which began in Sennett comedies and dramas has increased to a great (do not think that it will not spend the rest of his life reminding everyone!) With von Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille. Coincidentally, in the comedy studio, which is used in the original film was dripping abandoned Keystone previous year (Think about who worked there!). <br /> <br /> Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) drives his daughter Peggy (Davis) from Georgia to Hollywood to star in a movie. These two country Hicks is a suspect food for incorrigible Billy groins (Haines), «?? custard cake artist ?? "leaving their cafeteria table in the outrageously funny entrance (look at the bit of noodle), and then helps Peggy land part in his next film. What she thinks high drama is eccentric, but work is work, and Billy convinces her. " All the stars have to take it on the chin ?? ". When previewing, Billy and Peggy crash ?? .. Charlie Chaplin, who asks her autograph! She pushes the man away and horrified Billy grabs the book and makes its mark. Chaplin climb into the car and Billy says Peggy, who STE just insulted, so naturally, she loses consciousness. It's so very funny, considering the nature of Davis does not recognize this guy! Peggy soon goes to work in the Higher Art Studios, changes its name to «Patricia Pepoire» and leave the poor behind Billy. Davis does an excellent parody of a serious actress, with all the prerequisite fluttering lashes and trembling lips. Vidor throws in the parade of stars eat lunch for a long tracking shot (and they all sit side by side, facing the camera!), Which includes Polly Moran (who also sensationally funny play maid Davis), Lowell Parsons (one of the friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, a comedy duo Karl Dane (with his arm in a sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending that he steals silverware), Leatrice Joy (entertained by the antics of Arthur), Renee Adoree, Rod (there are smoking) La Rock, Mae Murray, John (in a bathrobe) Gilbert (who is also prayazd ayuchy through the MGM gate at the beginning of the picture), Norma (eeeww!) Talmazh (looking shitty and away, as usual) and Patricia dressed as Marie Antoinette, sandwiched between Douglas Fairbanks (as it does a funny trick) and William S. Hart (protecting it from the arc). Billy runs into the high art of the crew on the ground when the comedy troupe breaks their filming, with predictable results of walnut. Vidor even works currently in the final stage as the director of the current production of Peggy. Also worth noting is this Harry Gribbon as a director makes a great comedy caricature Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy as a dramatic director, who can not get Peggy crying her audition, and then could not stop her as soon as she does, and Paul Rally and Andre, her dramatic love interest and cheerful fake. If her character tries to "act" as though his Davis poking fun at all the terrible drama she had to, and she does it brilliantly. <br /> <br /> While it is true, show people is a fake satire «good days» Ole ten years, so it is a very interesting example of the quality of work with the MGM, Irving Thalberg, and their enormous wealth of talent assembled. What a shame it was so much lost. There are also too many examples of great films like The Patsy (1928), Vidor and Davis hugely successful comedy from earlier in the year, suffering in store when they can see and enjoy.
