I had the opportunity to see this film twice in 2006. Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I am so pleased that I watched it a second time when they were screened for an encore. <br /> <br /> When I think about the films that are shown at festivals, I usually expect that they will be sharp and unusual, often with a sense of a complex student project. There's nothing wrong with these types of projects, of course, and I love the unique styles of independent film, but sometimes I want to see more basic approach to independent cinema. Under the "mainstream", I mean more like a film production for national liberation - in other words, a film that you would see in a normal cinema <br /> <br /> In the writing, directing, cinematography, casting and acting. This film is all about everything. There is nothing, as a rule, does not depend on in this movie. As an aspiring filmmaker, I'm always looking for films that motivate me to stop procrastinating and push harder to get my career going. This is one of those films. As I watched The Big Bad Swim, my motivation level was incredible. I felt my adrenaline pushed. That's why I felt this way because I was so impressed with every aspect of the production. I left the theater excited and ready to start writing that the long postponement of the project. That it is very good if the film makes me feel that I know. This is the first feature-length project from Ishai Setton, and I found myself wishing it was my project. For me, this is very rare. <br /> <br /> See this movie. This beautifully shot and the director, and the casting is excellent. Paget Brewster provides a very plausible and likeable performance. It has a quality about her, a charisma that really draws you in and keeps you focused on it at any time it is on the screen. It makes you feel like you know her personally as a friend. It's a gift. I think the industry is really missing more often do not use their acting skills. Jeff Branson and Veyksler also done top-notch work. I can not say enough good things about The Big Bad Swim. I look forward to future projects from all those involved in its production.
