I was not really a big fan of Star Trek to the last 2-3 years. The emergence of Netflix since 2000 and the distribution of video technology, I can get up in the past all the great Star Trek episodes. For those who do not actually watch every episode and know them by heart, through the TNG, DS9, Voyager, and so on, the general consensus is a popular saying - "I Love The Next Generation» It is better because Captain Picard. and his team were fresh when they first emerged after decades of Star Trek hunger. But to be quiet honest, I appreciate the work of the Voyager episodes over the PNP. The episodes of Voyager and progresses over time, as opposed to the TNG. The data provided from the PNPA is great, but he eventually tired, but the doctor Voyager - now fl creativity! Instead of artificial intelligence awkward and jerky, give him the freedom to express all that you imagine. Not only that Picardo's such a great actor, but the room environment for its expansive growth alone, as a physician, self-realization now, science ! fiction at its best endgame reflects his husband in marriage to "organic", inventing a neuro-implant transceiver for human-machine interface, and even - in the episode before the endgame, obey the orders of the captain and make "human" error. Unlike DS9, who are blessed with two beautiful women right from the 1st episode, the Voyager must survive 3 season without Jerry Ryan, and I believe that it Picardo that wore them with his personality. Of course, the rest of chemistry Cast Voyager just flows effortlessly, Harry Kim and Tom Paris - very natural. I love Tuvoc sometimes humor, in spite of the Vulcan. Finally, I'm so glad that they got rid of the original female captain - oh, if you get to see the rare footage - thank God, Kate! It developed after 7 years in an extremely confident, credible and respectable female captain. What a great job! Thanks to Star Trek to create the Voyager, I enjoy every episode, creative learning opportunities, ethics and outer space.
