Over the past few months I have collected Voyager Season 4 to 7 on DVD (I only had 1 to 3 on the video for it, because my favorite character CES) and has just reached the end. I saw them when they were originally shown on TV here in the UK, but forgot most of them. Am I satisfied with the ending? I think I am. Of course, as I have a fan, I would like to see more of what happened to the heroes when they returned home, but that remains our imagination. In many ways, «Endgame» similar to the Next Gen in «All Good Things ??» Participation of the team in the future, but mostly Captain. The new novel from the final (Troi and Worf in the Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), which leads to death in the future. I really liked «Endgame» is valid for all the characters, it is Neelix, although he left the ship before the two episodes. B'elanna birth to a daughter with a loving husband, Tom. Tuvok is sick, but the return home means that it can be cured. Harry has always been the most disturbing and determined, but admits that the journey is important. The doctor, in the future, enjoys the respect of all, and, finally, choose the name of Joe! But, of course, the captain has the largest role, meeting their future themselves, who want to get the crew home earlier to prevent casualties. Borg involved as they have played a massive part in this period Voyager. Alice Krige played Borg Queen again fabulous, but her voice is magnificent and the way of action. I sympathize with Susanna Thompson, though, Queen Borg replaced TV movie Borg Queen. Maybe it was not available, though. The special effects are fantastic, Borg subspace hub and Borg Queen falls apart! It's very stressful. Especially when they come from a subspace corridor Borg and say that their location right where they thought they would after they were told that they should go in the corridor that leads back to the Delta Quadrant. And that's a great idea to get inside the sphere Borg for protection on the DVD special features that they say that it was like a Trojan horse. Voyager could continue. If it were more popular, they have stuck with his original idea crew implementing a ship is their home, as well as in the speech of Harry and what Tom said, because his wife and child there. And then they could get a house in the movie! <br /> <br /> In general, the Voyager was a bit hit or miss. The sixth season, it seemed a good one followed by one less than good. Two episodes set in the holographic Irish village terrible! My perception of Seven of nine, she took over, everything revolves around it, that was not the case. When it first appeared, the season 4 was focused on her too many episodes, but then leveled. And her character is a genius times 20 years as an unmanned robot gradually rediscovering her humanity. I love her, especially in "Someone to watch over me", "inadequate" and «Human Error». If Naomi Wildman was scared it initially but then became her friend, often with her, it was great. Chakotay was my least favorite character. Gone chemistry with Zheynuey (will they / will not they?), And you never thought that he was the first officer, it is completely pushed most of the time. I loved seeing Tom and B'elanna in relationships flourish against the odds. I've always liked a lot of Neelix. Tuvok was good sometimes, especially when he lost his logic, emotion, and got friends with Neelix. Harry annoyed sometimes, but good character in a different time. The doctor is probably my favorite, seeing how far he goes and comedy situations he creates ( "Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy» is fantastic!). Zheynuey my favorite captain of any series, and you can tell, Kate Mulgrew really like. <br /> <br /> I would like there to be more, I do Voyager!
