Thus, every year there is at least one film that did not get any chance to be a box office success, because from the moment of production, before a simple shot is cleared, all picking up on this film ... There is a long list of such movies, and in the end, some of them are very bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some of them may have their flaws, but very pleasant (Catwoman (2004) Electro (2005)), and then there are a few, which is actually really great for what they are, but no one recognized! I mean, my God, just because a wide crowd really should have a victim every year, they can choose to not everyone should join them. Yeaaah So, maybe these films are not ideal, but c'mon, how many movies? Not every film has to be the new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will enjoy these movies, but I'm sure there is more than one to admit that they do. Hudson Hawk (1991), which is just hysterical funny, Color of Night (1994), which may not be Oscar worthy, but certainly not all dumb thriller with some nice twists, Gone (2002), which I thought it was a great combination sick humor, and beautiful romance, Gigli (2003), which was great entertainment with some truly memorable lines and is not bad at all operated from the former «Bennifer» -Couple, and this year it's "basic instinct 2"! Well, when I heard rumors about the sequel to one of my favorite movies, I was very skeptical, and even though I really like Sharon Stone, I was skeptical until I finally saw this movie. And in fact, I was very pleasantly surprised! I can not understand why he gets such bad press and a bad vote here. He never simply copy the original, it has a rather clever story has tension, action, humor and absolutely stunning Sharon Stone reprising the role in her life! With 47 years as a film she looks hotter than a lot of stars in their 20s, but it's more than she was beautiful, she's brilliant performance, with all her good looks, her famous smile as she speaks and moves ... from the very first frame of it you can not take your eyes off her. It's just nice to look at her as Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors deliver solid performances, too! So I really can not see what's wrong with this movie ... this is not a dark, exciting, sexy and rough appearance, strong action, and you will never be bored! Perhaps history is not Oscar caliber, but he did not even try to be! This fun movie, and it absolutely delivers standard in my opinion! So give it a try!
