Finally, after many years of waiting for a new film to keep sexual mayhem in "Basic Instinct", we got a great sequel, which is packed with the necessary elements needed for a franchise like this! I remember everything about the original, couple, romance, sex, questioning, music (master Jerry Goldsmith), and the rest from the violence and murder to intense rivalries of all kinds! Make no mistake, "Basic Instinct" was a real winner for audiences worldwide. I remember in 2001 when we first gave the news of such an extension. In five years, we have it. I would never have thought that in the end, like this one. When he was declared the project has fallen, the time could not say exactly whether it was ever a real opportunity to start with. Well, I guess now we know, everything is possible in this case. Even if the original director, writer or not, all we need is a glamorous, always reliable, Sharon Stone, and we have done! Please listen to me ... <br /> <br /> When people say this film is bad, I think it is only because of the fact that the style is an extreme and a little dated. I use the word "from" just because we have not seen a particular movie the like for many years, and viewers have adapted to the meaningless, close the story seen in other films that actually make money, and the only reason why they make such great numbers because these films for families. Who needs some hole and clean? Of course, it is nice to have, but c'mon! Escape really rare these days, and "Basic Instinct 2" gives us the real supporters of what we expected. This film is not the Oscar winner, and not try to be. He simply delivers die-hard fans, that they are waiting. This is a movie for fun. Movies now seem to be taking on too seriously, but this film is just a free and fun without taking itself seriously, too seriously anyway. However, I have to appreciate the film. <br /> <br /> The film is rapidly developing film from the first second, as we see Cathernine Tremell in the car, speeding 110 miles per hour, and enjoy the thrill of lustful do so, perhaps, sex and management do not mix, because our sex writer takes a bad turn, and ... well, she goes unscathed, but her studly partner does not live too well. Once again, Tremell is the prime suspect in the accident, and will be put under the analyst and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) is automatically drawn to it from the first moment he met her. As with other criminal investigation department in front of him, he is fascinated and seduced, slowly and surely. His rejection of it all begins to crumble around him as she weaves a spell only she has the right to do. Tramell perhaps more dangerous now than it was before, but, like the first, we'll never know, will you? After the seduction is in motion, envy, anger, drugs, and a plate of erotic landscape comes! <br /> <br /> This film is not processed first, but quite briefly mentions previous films happen from time to time is a good thing. This allows us, as viewers know that the script was written to bring the level up a notch or two. Sharon Stone dazzles us again, as if 14 years have not been fulfilled. Her second run false novelist on the spot as before. Just awesome! David Morrissey is well cast and manages very well. The fact that non-popular star was chosen, makes its performance more enjoyable because we, as the audience do not have any background on him, only that we see him perform. My last thought-8.5 to 9 out of 10. So it's not the first time and can not live up to the first prize winners. This, however, can live up to the standards established in the first film, and it makes the people! He does.
