«Wisecracker," biography of actor William Haines, offers a joyous anecdote about the former star, when he was 70, and for a long time away from making movies. The old gentleman was not sentimental and rarely watched his own films, but in 1972 he was persuaded to visit the Museum of screening to show the people at the end of the mute function, in which he starred with Marion Davis in Los Angeles. Beforehand, Haines Airport was concerned that this comedy will cause the wrong kind of laughter, but he was pleasantly surprised (and, no doubt, relieved) how good he was and how much younger audience liked it. Watching a movie today, and you can see why: to show people the beautiful Hollywood satire that preserves its charm because it lampoons their goals with intelligence and talent, but without malice. It's still funny and satirical point resonate. Needless to say that the movie-making technology changed considerably since the days of silent, but the claim and the folly of directors did not change all that much. <br /> <br /> The exhibition PEOPLE also stands as the finest surviving work of Marion Davies, first-class comic performer who deserves a prominent place in the pantheon of great comediennes. Where her career is doing and Davis was blessed and cursed by the patronage of her lover, the newspaper magnate Hearst. It is well known that Hearst had an enormous influence on the choice of Davis role, and is also well known that, in spite of her gift for comedy, he would prefer to see it play a decent characters in period costume dramas. By the end of the 20s, for whatever reason, Marion was allowed to strut her stuff in a few rich light comedies (including RED MILL and Patsy), but to show people the great director King Vidor, serve as showcases its most pleasant. William Haines gives an attractive, sympathetic performance as her boyfriend and co-star Billy Boone, but it is the leading lady show all the way. <br /> <br /> Marion plays a southern belle Peggy Pepper, novice actress, Hollywood storm, accompanied by his father, he decided to become a movie star. (Her father, Colonel Pepper played by actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran Griffith Biograph drama that match ?? ??? resembled Hearst!) One of the funniest broken Marion, often samples of articles elsewhere, her listening to Comet office casting studio, while dad helpfully offers to reflect the emotion ( "Sorrow! ... Joy!") and loses a handkerchief to her face, Peggy take appropriate expression and posture. She was hired, only to discover that the comet does shoddy comedy, the kind of comedy where people Splashes one friend with seltzer and inept cops fall for each race a friend to help. Of course, the Comet is designed as a rise Keystone Mack Sennett, but the true nature of satire becomes clear as the story unfolds. Peggy Pepper rises in the hierarchy of movie star she leaves Comet for more prestigious High Art Studio, adopting the name «Patricia Peppoire», the more it belongs to a new station in life as a serious actress. At some point, it can happen to us (as it certainly made for viewers in 1928), that the opponent Davis Gloria Swanson began in Keystone comedies, before rising to prominence in serious dramas for DeMille. And Miss Peppoire takes himself more and more serious, giving the treatment of high hats former colleagues, such as humble comic Billy Boone, presentation Davis takes on an element of an evil parody, seemingly aimed directly at the Svensson. This is particularly evident during the interview sequence, when a spokesman for Miss Peppoire in spouts pretentious nonsense, and the star provides a spot-on embodiment Svensson. I believe that this was intended as a parody of a friendly, but I have to wonder how friendly relations were between Gloria and Marion after this film was released. <br /> <br /> In any case, to show people, this is a great fun for fans, who will savor a parade of star cameos throughout. Charlie Chaplin makes a good bit, the SANS makeup and look pretty outstanding, eagerly looking for an autograph Patricia Peppoire in! (And in a show of good sportsmanship Marion Davies himself puts in self-irony occasional evening account for ridicule Swanson by poking fun at himself.) This silent film that the audience did not particularly attuned to Silents can appreciate, at least, those viewers with a taste for films about the movie business. Show people who clearly belongs in the company of such classics as boulevards SUNSET Singin 'in the rain, among the most qualified production, Hollywood pleasant exercise in a fun introspection.
