As a child I always hated to sit through musicals. I've never understood why people break out in a song like this, and I was too young to appreciate the skill (choreography, set design, costumes, EX) behind it. Carol Reed, "Oliver!" There was a music I remember, strangely, enjoying as a child, probably because it is one of the darkest of them appropriately drenched in Dickensian squalor. It's a musical about the life of the ghetto in Victorian London, and while the scenery and set design are frozen, dark, and true to the way of life, it is thinned enough for people to be breaking out in such ridiculous songs, among them the suffering. After a recent review, with my first child, I have some new ideas and understanding why this musical "works" in this awesome flash in the song sort of way, and so most just do not do it for me. <, Br /> <br /> If musicals work or indeed to say something, it is because they are aware of their own inherent weirdness. Lars von Trier's "Dancer in the Dark" as a tragic opera and a great achievement, as it was, worked the musical because the musical numbers were the products of the imagination of the protagonist, an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicals. In addition, very cynical and pleasant "Chicago" was working on the same level, because the musical numbers were products with deadly ingenue singer / dancer. Musicals do not work when they are taking their own musical nature too seriously (as in "Moulin Rouge") or simply too much fuzz about anything (that is, something meaningless, like "Mary Poppins"). After watching "Oliver!" For the first time, as an adult, I saw her in a new light. Told largely from the point of view of a young Oliver, I saw the musical numbers, as well as the products of his childhood imagination and his way of coping with the horrors of ghetto life around him. Best musical number, probably when Nancy has all the taverns in signing and dancing about the joys of getting drunk (as a cover to help poor Oliver escape the clutches of the evil Bill Sikes). It was undoubtedly catchy and sounded like a real pub melody that drinkers may start to sing around the piano. There are other large and classical melodies to be heard here, and the direction and acting on the dancers bring extras all at the highest level. <br /> <br /> However, for all its darkness (though it does have a happy ending, Oliver, at least, though, of course, did not end well for Nancy, and if you do not think that life on the streets pick pocket being fun, it was not necessarily a good end to Fagin or Pluto, despite their vigorous closing melody), I would not classify it as a family film, although I do not think to show his children over the age of seven or eight will no harm. It's a tough story about an unhappy orphan, trying to survive on the streets and find happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on this as some may revisionist take on it, where people on the streets of Compton break into happy song about their horrible life. I would like to see the hard-edged hip-hop version of "Oliver!". I always thought that Dickens will translate well in this regard. As it stands, "Oliver!" Was probably the last of the great movie musicals and maybe the strangest G-rated movie I ever saw.
