Big cinematic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. This year, twenty spell can be rightly called the "golden age" of the genre. There were musicals before, and there were musicals, so ... but a true classic always seems to have been made during this period. Singing in the Rain, An American in Paris, car group, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, The King and I, and many others, stand tall, how many cherished age products. Perhaps the last great musical "Golden Era" of Carol Reed 1968 "Oliver." Freely adapted from the novel by Charles Dickens, this bright musical version of the film is a successful stage production. It's a beautiful film, winner of six Oscars, including Best Picture award. <br /> <br /> An orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) live and exist in the salary, his mother died moments after giving birth to him, after the incident, one meat while it loaded with workhouse and ends to work in a funeral home. But Oliver Sun settles particularly well in his new job, and runs through several restless days. He makes the long trip to London, where he hopes to seek his fortune. Oliver is taken under the wing of a child pickpocket called the Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), which, in turn, runs on Fezhin (Ron Moody), an elderly scammer responds gang thieves children. Despite the illegal nature of the work, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family." He also makes the acquaintance with Nancy (Shani Wallis), a friend and a tough worst thief of them all, menacing Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true identity and believes that he is in fact from the rich and well-to-background. But his chances of a reunion with his real family are compromised when Bill Sykes Oliver uses force, making it complicit in some particularly dangerous and ambitious robbery. <br /> <br /> «Oliver» brilliantly assembled film, consistently pleasing to the eye and well-acted his talented cast. Moody recreates his stage role with considerable enthusiasm by stealing the film from the young people with his energetic performance as Fezhiny. Lester and Wild do too well how young pickpocket, while Wallis enthusiastically elaborates on the role of Nancy Reid and create real despicableness like Sykes. Musical numbers are with incredible accuracy and sense of sight - Oscar-winning choreographer Onna White helps to make a song and dance of the set so memorable, but live performers and skilful direction of Carol Reed also play a role. Memorable tunes include «Food Glorious Food», «Consider yourself", "You have to choose a pocket or two", "I would do anything" and "OUYU-pah-pah" - all very catchy songs, conveys through very well, combined sequence. The film is a thoroughly entertaining experience, and never loses momentum throughout its length of 153 minutes. Sit back and enjoy!
