Almost too well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was interesting, solid piece of popcorn-entertainment budget is small enough to not be inundated with special effects. And, obviously, trying to "From Dusk Till Dawn» -audience. "Vampires: Los Muertos» try starting with the same rock star Jon Bon Jovi plays one of the main characters, but also makes it almost too good ... I have not seen Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other film, so I am unable to compare his acting in «Vampires: Los Muertos», to his other roles, but I was very surprised by his good performance. After the beginning of the movie he convinced me not expecting it to grab any guitar and play "It's my life" or something, but to kill vampires, sparing neither and do the work that needs to be done. That means a lot because part of the audience (and me) are probably thinking: "... just because he rockstar ..." Of course Bon Jovi Sun James Woods, but honestly:. it could be a lot worse, and, in my view, bon Jovi has made a very good performance. vampire played by Arly Jover entirely leather wearing vampire killer-machine leader we met in part 1 (or similarly in "Ghosts of Mars»). Jover plays vampire very alluring and very sexual, moving as flexibly as a cat, a striker as fast as a snake, and dressed in a thin, light almost transparent very erotic fabric. Even optical effects that support its view of the traffic is very well done. It really takes some beating. But the director in some parts of the movie only to avoid becoming a movie with action-horrorfilm in tangible horrormovie like Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the temptation to create a film director with a very personal note and are different from the original. This is the real strength of the film and at the same time, its weakest point: the audience celebrated the fun-the bloodshed of the first film is likely to expect a pure pleasure, the bloodshed for the second time and can be a bit disappointed. Make no mistake: «Vampires: Los Muertos» fun-bloodbath, but it's just not all the time this kind of cinema. Just think about the massacre in the bar compared to the scene in which the vampire is trying to lure Zoe in the ruins of a bar-slaughter, what do you expect from the American popcorn, entertainment, seduction-Zoey-in-ruins-the scene is almost European style cinema (the film wants to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and vampire, but refuses to answer at the same time. Because it would slow down the action? vampire showed the audience the human past, and is now being affected, not only animal that just one slaughter). And it to me, who decides whether or not the film received the audience of the original film or not. And also: Is "From Dusk Till Dawn» -audience really like? I'm not sure. However, Tommy Lee Wallace did a really great job, «Vampires: Los Muertos» surprisingly well. But I also think, to direct the sequel popcorn movie Wallace sometimes almost too creative, too expressive. He keeps himself from the development of his talent to meet the expectations of the audience. In my opinion, talent Wallace "film fills with life and, perhaps, sometimes sucking it at the same time. almost too well: «Los Muertos Vampires." (I give it a 7 out of 10)
