In the first three films of Frank Sinatra, it was purely a special act: that is playing itself, it just shows up to sing the song during the nightclub sequence in another movie. In his fourth film, very pleasant "higher and higher", the young blue eyes turns into an acting career, playing the role of a real ... a task made easier because he plays himself in a fictional story, which gives him the opportunity to sing a few numbers. <br /> <br /> entrance Sinatra's pretty funny. Michelle Morgan hears a knock on the door and asked who was there. From the outside, Hoboken toned voice answers: "Frank Sinatra". Of course ... <br /> <br /> The opening credits to "higher and higher" may confuse some viewers, and well-known names songwriters Rodgers and Hart. In fact, they contributed only one song in the musical "Disgusting Rich", which in this cast manages to hastily as a kind of introduction to a completely different song, "I'm a debutante." Interestingly, the Rodgers & Hart song - one of them is weak - it is perhaps the least pleasant song on account of this film; several other lively numbers up pace, in particular, "This is the most important Affair», «When it comes to love, you're on your own" and "I Saw You First». <br /> <br /> Sinatra well in this movie, but it will work better (and sings better material) elsewhere. The real advantages of "higher and higher" are excellent twists on some artists, who rarely made films. Paul and Grace Hartman were extremely popular husband-wife dance team, which appeared in several revues on Broadway: really graceful ballroom dancers, they put a lot of physical comedy in their dance material. (Here, Grace does a high kick that knocks the boot of Paul's hands.) Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at age 48, there was almost no work of the film, so it's very nice that the film gives us a rare opportunity to see her close-up, to hear her beautiful voice and noticing how sexy she looks in the form of her maid. After the death of Grace Hartman, her husband had a long career as a character actor, but sometimes dancing solo. (Or with Ken Berry in one memorable episode of «Mayberry RFD".) <br /> <br /> In addition, a very attractive uniformed maid here in the "higher and higher" is a lively teenage singer Marcy McGuire. Why is this talented girl make more movies? Maybe it's just a little too much like a person to Betty Hutton. I love the performance of Hatton, but I like Marcy McGuire even better. Near the end of "higher and higher" is a funny bit of physical business with McGuire and Mary Wickes waitresses, taking it in turns to go from table to table in the nightclub. Alternate steps short McGuire and high clumsy Wickes fun! Unfortunately, although Leon Errol plays an important role in the "higher and higher", he has almost no comedy business: time and again he makes his famous dance rubber feet, Jack Haley, despite his well-known account, also wasted <br /> <br.. /> It is very well represented here blew Wilson inevitably AFS Neave Sam with "Casablanca." In this film, Wilson did his own singing, but to fake his work with the keyboard «As Time Goes By". (In real life, Wilson could not play the piano.) Here, in the "above and above, "he sings nicely and gives some funny reactions to other players. Less pleasant Mel Odious, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borgia gives a rare performance of the film here, the appeal of its dialogue deftly, but never makes any of the keyboard comedy, which he later successfully made his stage show. <br /> <br /> The plot? Forget it. "Above and beyond" is the idea of ​​anyone's "big" musical, but it is a pleasant delight, and I will vote for it 8 out of 10. The Director Tim Will, who has worked in the UK as well as in Hollywood, deserves to be much better known.
