I imagine the Victorian literature slowly sinking into the depths of the increasingly distant past, pulled down by the weight of his skirts. Along comes to TV: in the best case, it has a redemptive power, and dramatisations as those produced Air Force so subtly Victorian Literature receives a new blow in life. Religious themes and moral overtones, may be more uncomfortable in the world is not easily shocked sun longer, and get acquainted with cohabitation, chores and domestic violence. But these old, well-told stories of lasting force, and this is one hidden gem. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to assess today how strong, a feminist and an unusual masterpiece of Anne Bronte, "resident Wildfell Hall», in fact it was. Emerging primeval slime restrictive corsets ?? physical, mental, social ?? her character, Helen Huntingdon, escapes an unhappy marriage, flees the brutality and alcoholism, feel not only the wrath of her abusive husband, but society pinched th intolerance and malicious gossip, to sow the changes in her life. She pays the price; but retains his self-esteem; she falls in love along the way; she is a battered but victorious and strong. I just love to watch a woman like this on the screen. <br /> <br /> The actors perfectly ?? best British have to offer. Love story beautifully handled, with a real passion and a sense of well-chosen actors. Tara Fitzgerald Sun inhabits every aspect of a complex character, and as has been said here by other reviewers, not less sharply defined and beautiful face can survive that hairstyle in stone. Toby Stephens, sparks from it contributes just the right combination stubborn handsome youth and hot longing vulnerability. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors ever) enjoyed himself as a charismatic villain (so much so that you almost with him at the end. Nobody is perfect). The supporting cast was able to create a world in which you sink without feeling that gross compromises were made to modern tastes, and she felt announced. Another BBC classic, strongly recommended: it's like romantic literature should be dramatized.
