«Creep» new horror film, which, no doubt, will please many fans of the genre simply because it is to the point and unfair! She has a lot of real-Shock moments, a whole lot of repellent Gore-sequence and rare claustrophobic tension. The fact that he did not get the logic and solid land, but to tell you the truth, it did not bother me for one second. If the end credits begin to roll, there are still many unresolved issues to ponder on, but the director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) seemly prefer to focus entirely on suspense and adrenaline rushing activities instead of long, soporific speeches and theories can explain the existence of "creep" on the London underground. The story revolves on a young and haughty Kate, who leaves his own party, to go and meet a famous actor George Clooney, who is in town to present his new film. She fell asleep on the subway, misses the last train, and she is trapped underground metro network. Things really get scary when she meets a crazy-crazy madman who lives in the old tunnels and kill / kidnap people to experiment on. Even experienced homeless, guards or sewer workers can not save her from this predatory monster! I really dug the creep character! He sickening, disgusting and primitive, but strangely fascinating. Christopher Smith only leaves us a hint and hints, and it is only the viewer to guess the origin and background of these suspicious beings. I believe that it's not very original, and I'm sure that many people do not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith, and I think it will be better than to go over completely, "Jeepers Creepers» -Style (that especially the movie started great as well, but as soon as the identity of the vines was clear it has become a very mediocre effort horror). Obvious aspect of love is disgusting crotch! There's some heavy cutting going on in this film, and make-up, as well as the sound effects are very convincing. Ominous setting of an abandoned London Underground at night is used effectively. There's also some action, there is talent in this film, with Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) returns to the graphic horror almost five years after the cool German film «Anatomie». Creep is terrific fun when you are in a mood of simple tastes and Christopher Smith, of course, is the director, I will follow. Make sure you do not have to take the subway right after watching this film ...
