Emory is Cincinatti steelmaker, like his father, and for most of the 20th century, the two pillars of the existence of his family already was a steel mill, and the union. The mill, which was once used by 45,000, saw its number will be reduced to 5000 recently and is now 1, as the plant just closed its doors, leaving one guard. Firstly, the recently unemployed Emory and his friends enjoy their independence, the bolts of the city and was drinking at their favorite bar, where they are down "deep" with reckless abandon. They think that the plant will be opened after listening optimistic misadventures of a trade union representative, but the reality begins to sink when they are selling their personal vehicles in the struggle to put food on the table and to prevent foreclosure of their homes. Emory father - the special union people - certain plant will be opened and recalls his son all the short-lived closing during his own 35 years in the mill. At the same time, some of the unemployed men take a humiliating job makeup jobs or jump in the truck and take off in a desperate search for work. <br /> <br /> Finally, the Union recognizes his helplessness, and Emory stubborn father explains that times have changed, and that the plant will never be opened again. Emory plaintively asks, "What did I do wrong?" As the life expectancy of hard work and devotion to work, union, church and family left him with nothing and nowhere to turn. He hits bottom when in a drunken stupor, he manhandles their young sons and his wife knocks on the floor. Thrown out of his house and tingling comment factory manager, that he and his people do not work hard enough to justify their respectable salary, Emory rookie steel workers still remained in the city to do something that will demonstrate all that they are capable of . Early in the morning they broke into the mill, splash furnaces and work harder than they have ever been in his life, causing a shift in enough high-quality steel pipes to fill the loading from wall to wall, from top to bottom - the plant manager thought it was impossible. <br /> <br /> Reaching the suddenly-restored plant, stunned manager looks around him a huge release, which came with the work of one day, realizing that production, as it can make the plant profitable again. Manager asks Emory: "Can you do it every day," Emori forced to nod "No", and the manager asks: "What are you trying to prove," Amory explained that the workers a decade of hard work, honesty and dedication to their work to be meaningful and that showing how much they could make in a single day "We're just spit in the eye." Emory rates tearful farewell to his wife and children as he takes off with his friends, to seek work in the south, promising to move the family when he finds it. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and suml nnae appeal the plight of American workers displaced by foreign competition and gives a realistic picture of the costs they incur for myopia concession-demanding unions and greedy owners of the plant, which removed every penny they could from their plants, but never gave so their modernization. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his college boy brother, Pamela Reed as a pretty wife, Emory and John Doucette as his dying father is in turn an excellent performance in this beautifully picture.
