Ah, McBain's ?? Character name immortalized forever derided "The Simpsons", but they will also always ?? for me personally, at least ?? name and title are extremely exciting and outrageous acts of violence at the beginning of the 90s Flick; aimed at a cool dude who brought us "exterminator" and starring two of the most ultimately scoring heroes of B-movie, Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a nice tail MIM). I believe that "McBain" will largely have to be labeled as a guilty pleasure, because there's no way I can convince anyone it is an intellectual film. The film is incredibly ridiculous (most action heroes take on a small band of gangsters McBain takes ?? the whole country), and yet takes itself too seriously. the scenario of non-stop and incoherent short-tempered with clichéd situations, turns meaningless mandatory sentimental interludes, grotesquely staged action sequences and completely implausible ma lyunki characters. This is totally crazy movie, I loved it. <br /> <br /> Life in Vietnam POW McBain saved colleague Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. They each hold half dollar notes as a symbol that McBain I owe Santos. Eighteen years later, Santos energetic rebel leads a revolution against the corrupt president of the country Colombia. Santos first attempt to seize power fails, and he was publicly executed on El Presidente balcony. His sister goes to New York from a dollar bill and turns in McBain financial assistance and labor. McBain and his former friends in Vietnam, all of which coincidentally happen tired of injustice in this world, tired miserable airplane and fly to Colombia to open a giant jar whoop ass. <br /> <br /> Well, let's not kid each other here. The fact that you are reading, so the user can comment on "McBain" already indicates that you have some interest for the low-budget B-movie action. One of my colleagues retsenzentova spent some time making a list containing all the basic stupid and senseless moments "McBain". This list is quite accurate, and I can only agree with him. Heck, I might even add some more meaningless sequence in this list (eg, an absurd and useless heroic sacrifice a soldier who does not even have any relationship to the purpose of the mission and the rest of the squad McBain), but what's the point? You certainly know, do not expect 100% consistent and believable masterpiece. We know in advance that it would be silly and exaggerated magnificent movie, and it can even the exact reason why we want to check to be it! It's terrible defiant and exciting movie about a bunch of ex-friends of Vietnam becomes a mercenary, and to declare war against the corrupt Colombian president and national cartels. Please do not wait for another "Apocalypse Now." This movie is based on the ruff 'n tuff acting macho performance leads to a lot of explosions and shootings ?? and, last but not least ?? fantastic soundtrack, in which Joan Baez sings a cover of "Band of Brothers."
