First, the interpretation: Despite my title, I give this movie 8 stars only because overall it is not one of the best films ever made. All criticisms registered here are the real items. Also, keep in mind that the use of the script you really need to evaluate gloss Neil Simon to stay wit in real human banter. He has a clearly NY ear for dialogue - especially dry, Jewish, love, steeped in sarcasm - and if you have trouble recognizing sarcasm as an expression of love, then you may have problems with the recognition of optimism in the heart of this film. <br /> <br /> So many warnings. That is my main point: Matthau is flat out perfect, perfect for in this movie. I've never seen it funnier or more touches to this issue - because at the same time, he shows us hilariousness this character who refuses to give up the Big Star self or intolerable relationships even in its coherence in the doldrums, he also shows us more vulnerable, perhaps even within human dusherazdirayusche frightened croaker. And it just shows us that the sad part is - it's just enough to really get to you, if you happen to be coping with your own father or mental decline husband right now (I say this as a warning), but artistically, it's just enough pathos to give this character the most reliably deep roots I have seen in any possible performance of the film. It is beyond the scope of the method - Matthau's performance is refined, as the nature of the work and a pure delight, as a comic delivery. It is a masterpiece of comic action <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: I personally believe that his actions annoying in general, and his work in this film is no exception - although it does have some subtle points here .. ( "Chicken funny ...." this is one of them.) So, if you love him, you have to love it here, and if you do not, this film does not change your mind. <br /> <br /> About the 1976 Oscars ... I agree that Matthau was unfortunate to be against Nicholson in "Cuckoo's Nest" this year. It was a killer year for the leading actor of competition; , I think the best actor Oscar would go to Al Pacino for «Dog Day Afternoon» and Matthau for «The Sunshine Boys» if only there were some Oscars for comedies and dramas - not diş excellent work of Jack as McMurphy, but I think Pacino and Matthau was a clearly more authoritative and surprisingly effective and completely legendary in his speeches than Nicholson was this year. In addition, I believe that Burns received a Supporting Actor for sentimental reasons more than for the quality of his work - I mean, he was good in this film, but not as good. (Burns thin as anything but mediocre in itself to return to show business to beat the really brilliant debut Dourif in "Cuckoo's Nest", not to mention the stunning debut of Chris Sarandon in the film "Dog Day Afternoon" - which I think proves my theory) <br /> <br /> Oscar theories aside, here's my review of the bottom line:. If you love comic effect Matthau, and then see this movie and enjoy his tirade power and outstanding grandmothers inspired gestures, fleeting facial expressions and seemingly untrained digressions (But if and you now have to deal with the pain of watching the old man loses his grip, then keep in mind that this film may be either comic or you need a dose of reality is too painful to watch now.)
