The film was poorly prepared and poorly considered. Rebecca West book was written in 1918, shortly after the First World War, when a concussion and trauma caused amnesia was not a cliché as analysts call it a lot of books and movies later. It's hard to go back in time and live like the characters lived realities of the time: the war and the horror of the experience of the first war to use the deadly gas, the British class system wife thought that all important, hopeless maid, and a lover of the past still have seen the eyes of love be the same young and beautiful as it was 20 years ago. <br /> <br /> Alan Bates as the amnesia soldiers "die" if he can not see Margaret, the girl of his youthful dreams, based on devotion to his character showed in "Far From the Madding Crowd." Seeing that performance, you can feel his strong romantic attachment to a girl who does not live up to the expectations of family and society. Margaret said: "We quarreled, and as you rowed away, you have turned away from me." Thus, we know that the collapse was that it provoked, it earned him a shame, but he forgot the shame in his memory his time with Margaret. I have not seen all of his films, but in them I saw that it gives a strong courage which shines even in the role of a soldier disabled. <br /> <br /> I do not even recognize Ann-Margaret in the first, and to feel that her performance was underestimated. Nha reading the book, I wondered if the child was, who died as a result of the Edge incestuous feelings between Jenny and Chris, but Jenny does state that it 'is a cousin. " Way Kitty holds Jenna in a nursery in drying the hair scene, the fact that Kitty said that she always dry your hair in the room seems to be more ways to Kitty, to keep the embers of anger hotter than room orientation to the sun, or the feeling of a lost child and a statement she made, that she wanted Chris did not bother to keep the room exactly as it was when the child was alive, did she seem indifferent to the child's memory. In addition, Jenna shows how to live in a house in a subordinate role, since high society would make the fallen member at the time. <br /> <br /> The recently was the recipient of an intense lover of fantasy (without sexualin account with the manners of the time) 50 years ago, I couldrelate to Margaret and her husband's dilemma. I was also thrown to the side, because I was not good enough for his family, and his rediscovery of me on the Internet, I was obstructed, helping him cope with it is still very terrible experience of Vietnam and marriage to a woman above his class, he did not believe that he loved. My husband, Margaret was very understanding, but the tension was very real. Lover was finally able to reconcile his real-life situation, with its fantasy loving only me. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good decision to show very little experience of surviving the war that took place in the form of Chris. I thought of "Mrs. Dalloway" with the First World War soldier who works very hard memories and commits suicide against Chris joy in his fantasies Margaret. In contrast, actiona soldier in "Mrs. Dalloway", seems overwrought. <br /> <br /> It has been shown that the psychiatrist is very little of what is happening with Chris points out that the main problem faced by the entire group understood. Everyone seems to get his life back, but it's the right choice?
