just saw this refined one thousand nine hundred eighty-two film Return of the soldier, based on the novel by Rebecca West. His wounded fortyish of the captain, who did not even tell his wife he returned to British soil, but remains in hospital in London. He lost his memory and the boy again, with sluggish yen for the lower-class favorite, he pursued 25 years ago. His gentle story. It is stored in adolescence, while the reader discovers that his wife is unbearable, seek secular, who wants to regain his place in society. Life with him his cousin Jenny, who loved Chris Baldry soldiers when they were growing up, like a friend, but settled into spinsterhood. Lower class woman played by Glenda Jackson, Margaret Gray. It is reported that Chris returned to England. Chris's wife Kitty shocked when Mrs. Gray came to tell her that Chris is in hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) meaningless and pathetic. Why, she wondered if there was a second woman telegraphed about Chris, but not with her? Chris forgot all about Kitty. He wants to restore his relationship with Margaret. Now married Margaret does not want to meet him, but then he does and continues to meet with him. There psychiatrist (Ian Holm), who warns Kit and Jenny, Chris temporary happiness Margaret disappear if he "treats him." Jenny realizes how empty Kitty for Chris and form a secret alliance via Margaret loves ~ d. They are both in love with him. Jenny wants to help. At the end of the film Kitty shows that Chris and she had a boy, who died five years ago. Telling Chris it weighs Shrink, of course, to restore it to "normal." But it's a good idea? Chris, barely aware that he and Kitty were ever married, do not know about their child and the child's death. Psychiatrist, just teaching a child, believes that such knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret Chris all for themselves, because Kitty believes he is pretending, and refuses to recognize Chris' illness in returning to his youth in his forties. The film leaves it primarily from considerations regarding what to do with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, a child's bedroom- beautifully maintained with Kitty in the novel, but not in screenplay- discuss what they think should be done to Chris are individual points of view. Margaret is critical here because, although married, she half-fell in love with Chris again. social growth Jenny, Jenny believes will be in jeopardy if Chris entirely straighten themselves. She did not disclose it, Margaret, however. Margaret decides looking ahead, that Chris can not support your imagination for a long time, but I have to go back to something like real life. While Kitty and Jenna look out the window of the house, Margaret approaches Chris outside and tell him of his lost son. Shell head buoyancy victims of war, his shoulders fall sharply, he looks away. He walks dejectedly to the house. Fin <br /> <br /> I have read criticism of this first novel by Rebecca West. The novel was written by something after the first war. The film is never quite clear who Jenny, his cousin, or his sister. It would be strange if it was his sister, of course. Criticism does not make it clear. I believe that the West is in her novel, Jenny becomes convinced her cousin, not her sister. West is not Henry Miller, Anais Nin or whose book Incest (about her relationship with her father, as an adult, to get even with him molesting her as a child), I thought reading, but then changed their minds. Rebecca is the author of the need to restore Chris too. It also has outposts in her head for her affair Society excoriates first, but finally covered again.
