"The Shop Around the Corner (1940)" a nice romantic comedy, not the one that I do not value me the rest of my days, but, nevertheless, the film deserves its reputation. Until 1940, the director Ernst Lubitsch Hollywood has long adopted the assault, and his famous "Lubitsch touch" was sparkling commercial brand. The film was scheduled to release in 1939, but scheduling conflicts mean that James Stewart and Sallavano were not available for filming. Rather than replace any of his top stars, Lubich decided to postpone the production, at the same time directing Greta Garbo in "Ninotchka (1939). When it was finally completed, will be "The Shop Around the Corner," which was met with relative indifference, received zero Oscar nomination, despite the excellent screenplay Samson Refelson and excellent performances of its two terminals and Frank Morgan in a supporting role. Time, however, given the massive and continuing influence of the film, a remake of loud including "old men a good summer (1949)" and "You've Got Mail (1998). <br /> <br /> At the surface, one would assume, "The Shop Around the Corner", to be just a story of two lovers, Clara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), who love each other, not knowing it. Nevertheless, the film Lubitsch in runs much deeper than that. This is the story Matuschek and Company, stylish souvenir shop in Budapest as well as a variety of human relationships that make the store a happy family. If the store owner Hugo matushkas (Frank Morgan) begins to suspect that his senior officer who is dealing with his wife, we are witnessing the disintegration of two families, both at home and at work. There's absolutely no reason why history should not be installed in the United States ?? perhaps in the windy streets of New York ?? but Lubich was intentionally restore passion and memories of his last years in Europe, eccentricity and love of life before the war brought terror and bloodshed to every doorstep. This subtle subtext brings a significant, personal touch to the film ?? in fact, even if I'm writing this review, I begin to appreciate the story more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are both excellent in their roles, but I think it's the supporting cast that really make the movie. Each character brings a distinctive personality to the mix, and their interaction is always believable and enjoyable. I especially liked how Lubitsch deliberately designed a lot of sympathy for Hugo their spouses, which in any other film would be limited to the underdeveloped two-dimensional pattern. Matuschek, may have lost the love of his family, but he conquers it in the love of their employees, and you will feel the glow of touching when in bitter cold blizzard kuti, he finds a friendly in errand- boyish young boy (Charles Smith). It's a real warmth to the side of the supporting character strikes me as similar to some of the later works of Billy Wilder, for example, Boom Boom Jackson «The Fortune Cookie (1966)" or Carla Carlucci in «Avanti! (1972) ". Of course, this does not really need words, but Billy Wilder learned from the best.
