The Shop Around the Corner is one of the sweetest and most feel-good romantic comedies ever made. There's just no getting around that, and it's hard to actually put his feeling for this film in the word. This is not one of those movies that try too hard and come up with possible scenarios of strange to get two main hero together in the end. In fact, all his innate charm contained in the characters and the setting and the plot ... it is very plausible to download. It is easy to think that this love story as beautiful as any other ever said, * could * happen to you ... the feeling that you do not often get from other romantic comedies, but a sweet and heart warming they can be. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Sallavan) is not the most auspicious of the first meeting, when she comes into the store (Matuschek & Co.), he worked for the past nine years, applying for a job. They face from the start, mainly through the cigarette box that plays music when it is open - he thinks it's a ridiculous idea; it makes a big sell it and gets the job done. Their discussion takes them over the next six months, even if they are both (unconsciously, of course!) Fall in love with each other when they share their souls and minds of the letters that have passed through the PO Box 237. This is a pretty thin story to the database is constantly movie on, except for the fact that the shop Around the corner could fleshed out with a brilliant supporting cast with quite attractive characters from the parent, but the lone Hugo matushkas (Frank Morgan) himself, who finds out that his shop is really his home ; Pirovich (Felix Bressart) Králik sidekick and friend who always rushes out of the room, when faced with the opportunity to ask his honest opinion; insinuating pimp du Jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut) which eventually gets on merit of the just nicely Kralik; and ambitious boy for Pepi Katona (William Tracy), who wants nothing more than to be appointed clerk Matuschek & Co. Simple love story between the "Dear Friends" played in this little shop in Budapest, Hungary, in that unceremonious dismissal Králik and further promote the store manager to help the two lovers to be together. It's nice that everyone gets the story in this film; the supporting characters are well developed and Matuschek own journey in life is almost as touching as a share of Alfred and Clara. His invitation to the new instructions from the boy Rudy (Charles Smith) for Christmas dinner made in the whirling, beautiful snow Hungarian winter, makes the audience happy that he is not alone; we have come to care even for characters whose love story is not the business of this film to say. <br /> <br /> In addition to the love story, I have to say that James Stewart is truly one of the best things about this film. He has not played a full Jimmy Stewart persona in the film (a / f "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" for this purpose); in fact, Alfred Kralik prickly and sharp and not particularly kind. He's pretty sharp people, in fact, with just a hint (until, perhaps, the end) with Ag-shell down the house boyish charm Stewart will soon come to the patent. If he finds out that before Clara that they corresponded in secret, in fact, Kralik not "admit - he is waiting for him to see how far he can take the charade, the more that he quickly understands (given his turbulent relationship with Clara as superior and subordinate), he loves people, he knows that through the exchange of letters can not equate love with the personality. His description of Clara fictional Matthias Popkin (a name!), Who was to become her fiancé is hilarious in the extreme, but also of his way to prove that the letters do not reveal everything that is in man, as well as her letters do not show everything there is in him. Stewart plays the role perfectly - he keeps his face completely controlled when Clara offends Mr. Králik, as it often will not do, even (and especially) to his face. And one believes a sharpness and professionalism that he * can * to reveal his identity with the same seriousness and sincerity and a * hope * he eventually does. <br /> <br /> Special mention should be given to other members of the cast as well. Sallavan rates are significantly lower in the first half of the film, but it really comes into its own in the closing scenes of the store on Christmas Eve, when she almost gets her heart broken again, the most vivid description of Alfred beloved mailbox. Frank Morgan is in a great performance as a jealous Hugo matushkas brought to a nervous breakdown, a man who has to rediscover its meaning in life, when he realizes that his wife is 22 years old does not want to "grow old with him. And Felix Bressart plays a role gentle, but perfectly loyal Pirovich (regular Lubich, as it looks like a fun Russian ambassador to Nina) - it is worth noting, the scene in which he helps his good friend Alfred receive Christmas presents last * really * want to ... wallet instead ridiculous boxes of cigarettes so for Clara yklivatstsa on <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch did themselves proud with this movie -. for example, the famous generous and meticulous care to detail in creating Matuschek store is well worth the effort, up to the door of the Hungarian names for goods and cash register and ., etc. But even if Lubich decided to have a story, set in Hungary, the installation is really versatile: it can happen anywhere, it can happen to you in this and the beauty of this simple story, these believable characters who are actually from. * are * l eople. Snow on Christmas Eve is a real, or at least as real as Lubitsch could do it (he had snow machines brought a lot of money). It is this desire to make everything look as real as possible, which helps make the story even more believable, which makes it all the film dreamy realism that can not be reproduced. (No, not even in the remake as You've Got Mail.) <br /> <br /> * It * really Jimmy Stewart Christmas movie that people miss when they talk about this wonderful life. Nya nya less advantages that other movie, but there would be no harm, but actually a lot of good done in monitoring The Shop Around the Corner Christmas it instead. It's cute, funny, charming, and Stewart is flawless in his role. We should all be so lucky to have a novel, depicted in this film; The best thing about this film is that we came away feeling that we are very possibly could.
