This is a complete basic spoilers, so beware. <br /> <br /> "Prix de Beauté" always suffers in comparison with the two films Louise Brooks did with GW Pabst "Pandora's Box" and "Diary of a lost girl," but in a sense, "Grand Prix" is the quintessential Brooks movie. Here she has a chance to be charming without the dark side of its cooperation Pabst. that «Prix» there that Pabst films is not music. this early French film, the whole mystic Louise Brooks powerfully fleshed conjunction with images, songs and music. Charleston is what seems to be most associated with Brooks (she was the first to dance in El operator), but the essence of the actress comes across strongly in the tango. Tango also has a plot point in the «Prix,» as music, she danced with her a short rise to fame after becoming Miss Europe. Later, when she left her popularity in favor of mundane existence as a wife jealous husband Andre, the pursuit of its forgotten glory becomes evident when recording the tango seen in her apartment the player. So the way tango Brooks used to accompany a documentary about her life, "In search of Lula," a film narrated by Shirley MacLaine. Blatant and willful quality tango embodies Louise Brooks, head strong, but elegant and erotic personality. <br /> <br /> The song, «Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est then," adds a huge amount of pathos to the fact that this is not a great film (but very good). By the way, Brooks' voice was not dubbed for the film Edith Piaf, as some claim. Piaf was born in 1915, and was not found until 1935. The song, however, it is that the nature of Brooks, Lucien, André sings at the beginning of the film, to pick it up and express my deep affection for him. And at the climax of a song that she sings for her audition, which she considers to producers and managers who intend to form his career. He's still on the screen after Andre husband, who followed her into the screening room, shoots and kills her. In one scene, a dead body Lucinenne resting at the bottom of the screen, while the screen continues its test above with the song she used to sing Andre, in essence, what movies do, that other forms of art is not healthy characterized. Andre watching him now dead wife to him to sing on the screen, the murder weapon is still smoking, he smiles thinly. She is now his forever, and associations, our. <br /> <br /> By the way, Louise Brooks real life career crashed and burned after the "Grand Prix de-Beaute», as it was the death of her final starring roll as well. This film really seals the mystique Brooks more than Pabst films (what wonderful films, no doubt). He also points out that we are talking about films that create the whole idea of ​​the "cult" of the movies - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after their death, than when they were alive.
