The story of obsessive love pushed him outside and a beautiful swan, whose beauty is a ticket to his premature death. Located at the beginning of radio, PRIX DE BEAUTE walk the fine line of being a full-on silent film - which is still located in the heart - and flirts with sound and sound effects. The effect of a bit annoying for everyone coming into this movie, because it is impossible to record the sound is very tinny and just does not help at all. Hearing the sound stage at the beginning of the conversation edit sequence that takes place in the beach, for example, as part of the film as an actress who dubs the dialogue of Louise Brooks and thus deprived the public of the fine work. In addition, the film rolls more or less well, with small jumps in succession here and there - something quite common in films of this era - and has the vague feel accelerated typical Silents. In a sense, this is an experiment of the film, and is closer to the style of Sergei Eisenstein in the visual representation and almost intimate close-ups that raise it from what would be a more prosaic level. Louise Brooks plays a character less throttle than the fact that it was known: it is the stenographer, who is on a lark decided to take part in a beauty contest, despite the fierce opposition of its extremely suffocating other. Its role is quite the thirties and modern for its time; the last of the damper / Role Jazz Baby are displayed on the screen, and now, with the advent of female independence, women, as professionals, have been presented in the film. This character Brooks decides to leave her boyfriend (even if it is "reconciled" with him later) is also a bit ahead of its time. However, the fatal flaw in her character is his desire to believe in something that is not - that her boyfriend wants her to succeed - and this is what leads to its end in a movie theater. This final sequence looks like something straight out of Hitchcock in his heightened uncertainty (seen in people who knew too much) and cuts from Brooks, her image on the screen, and a killer boyfriend. Even more dramatic is the placement still singing "live" Brooks is now dead - a chilling effect on a frightening, powerful film.
