We saw a quiet version of this film, and it's pretty simple shimmeringly beautiful. It's pretty hard to see how audio option, as it is removed with a clean quiet technology, long wordless narrative sweeps without a titer could be created - with the exception of a few sequences of confusion where Louise Brooks playing French typist, is quite obviously speaks English ... the only section which obviously calls for the sound of the final scene, where Brooks oversees reeds for her tests "for sound cinema": frames, always playing in the background, as the action unfolds, with the movement I e mouth silently unceasing song. I was surprised then to learn that only this passage in version Talkie was regarded as a model of new technology! <br /> <br /> In the solar beauty of its introductory scenes and fabulous necessarily follows that, the film resembles a dream. As "Louise Brooks film" it was not quite what I expected, either with her Hollywood comedies or German melodramas GWPabst in: I found idioms more freely and enjoyable than ever before, and Brooks itself is a different creature, reliable laughing, young animal rather than showcase vamp or manipulated doll <br /> <br /> But what gives this film a greater depth than it seems at first glance it is surprising of the second half. repelled by the rich parasites, which are grouped around her beauty, a poor Princess returns to reunite with her cry meekly origin of true love ... and the tale may well be over. Fabulous, however, turns into a tragedy. Amateur Grabowski, confident in his ability to manipulate the woman he wants, as long as all too correct in his self-serving predictions - young lovers can not do one more happy - and Andre, oddly enough, was right to distrust the social impact of beauty contests: after as intoxication glory of his second Lucienne frets himself to despair over the everyday routine of family life while her husband, in turn, are driven by the wild of any reminders of this story. If it was a simple case of wrong-chosen marriage, it would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they really love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, «Prix de Beauté" reminds me of Murnau "Sunrise". But if so, fairs and photographer scene here would form a distorted mirror image of joyful reconciliation in "Sunrise"; No dreams but alienated nightmare. And the next dawn brings no miraculous reunion, but an empty bed and a deserted house. Leaving a letter to say that she loved him and would always love him, Lucien again disappear from the life of Andre in search of brightness and freedom; and this time, it will never return. <br /> <br /> Gossip columns confirm all the worst beliefs Andre as he learns about the whereabouts of his wife by reports linking her name with Grabowski. When young artisans finally gets generous Sanctum screening room, he with a drawn gun - to be greeted by the sight of his opponent courtship and caressing Lucien laughs, the same woman laid her undying love, she left him. He kills her, but even if he kills laced live image on the screen, Lucien in all its glory, transformed as he had never seen her. Two women side by side in an endless, powerful moment as Andre apparently seized unresisting and moved away; a dying girl and her singing itself is still projected above caught unsuspecting since in celluloid forever playing on the unconscious life or death or love for her ... <br /> <br /> the main element of a concussion in the movie character Antonin Andre companion, who does not seem to serve any role at all, except to be licensed by the butt anger contemporaries. He is ugly someone who will never be able to get the girl, a clumsy weakling who stumbled and tortured in the toilets at work, and have to take it all with a vague smiling shyly in his fruitless hopes of social recognition: a typical product with bullying more gifted and popular, in other words, but one spectator seemed to invite a laugh with his executioners. If the intention is not to expose the dark side to the protagonist (which I do not perceive any signs), the character seems to exist only as a comic, but comic with a clearly unpleasant sides. If we know it only as a blundering Peeping Tom on the quay, it is easy to laugh at someone else's revenge seems a little over the top; when we find that there is no chance, I met a stranger, but Andre colleague and regular sidekick, the continuing attacks quickly cease to be very funny. <br /> <br /> But these are images that remain. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
