I'm pretty Mitchell Leisen fan so it was great anticipation that I was shooting this film, but the print I had a very bad, because the use of wear and burned, it would seem, can not be repaired, the film was so dark. So dark that in some scenes that cinematographed in the dark, you can not see a thing. Nevertheless, I believe that the same opinion, that the first review of this film. She begins an unusual and not betting lines and rhythms of your typical Hollywood film 30s. Hell, not even your typical Hollywod film of any era. It seems that the director was under the influence of the Europeans, because there is a certain caustic realism to the work on the opening shot, which is so established in the movement and placement of the camera, Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (McMurray) occur. You half expect them to start singing «Make Believe» with boat.It show begins with a few laughs and a poor Anthony as one scene where he does not speak a word of English gets banged around Freddie. Sledge is a bum who does not care what he is homeless. That's why he signed in the army, where he could hide from the world. He has just been released, although in a set of writers machinations, she misses the boat in New York. This is when the film starts in full swing, and we are starting to get those French film sixties vibe to the whole case. Scenes so well operated by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, the film gets a boost. MacMurray is as good as he and Lombard fall in love with each other, it spoils the talent pipes. Next, vamp is in the form Dorothy Lamour. Enough with the storyline. The film has a fantastic installation sequence, which pleased me. They are very good. And Lombard evaluating a home run in this film, but in the second half, a little more called Freddy, and he can not deliver the goods. With highly melodramatic ending and an actor you do not believe that the film falls short, but as this is not your typical film in the structure, set design and direction. It's worth a look. In order that it was one of the 37 hits of the season 1936-37. I do not know his exact rank, though.
