I first came across this film when I read the book (written in 1970) of Mitchell Leisin career. I have to admit that for many years I have seen many of his films, and find your best work is really high quality. The ups and downs had to be one of his best. Although she did not give birth to me, it is not struck me how to hold back the dawn, death, take a holiday, kitty, or even gold Earings. I suspect that this only applies too much now to be well-liked. <br /> <br /> Working in Paramount Leisin was a problem in those films he made, which were musicals. Most of the points he worked, were mediocre. It is true that double standards have appeared in his films, but they were very rare cases: «Cocktales for two" appeared in Murder on the vanities, and "Mona Lisa" came out of the capital Carey, USA But the rest of the score for MURDER AT fuss was forgotten. "Mona Lisa" was just tune in to the captain Carey. It should not be so - studio Leisin Rogers and Hart had worked for him in the early 1930s. Why not, he was appointed to the project with them? Account for the ups and downs, this is a pleasant but forgettable. Unfortunately, the film is centered in the entertainment world, and McMurray show great talents as a trumpeter (he even works Carole Lombard in its action, wrapping his arms around her, when he blows his trumpet). The song (performed by Lombard) on how to play her lover trembles it is important to the plot. He works in the film, but it would be better if the song was more memorable <br /> <br /> There is a picaresque film style. - it starts on an ocean liner, Lombard works at as a manicurist, she constantly bullies her boss, Franklin Pangborn (ship's barber). Then the ship is part of the Panama Canal, and we see MacMurray as a soldier who is attaching to expire. Their first scene together is a nice touch Leisin it: MacMurray talking Lombard, it is on the deck of the boat and he was on the edge of the castle wall. A good way to keep the action going while the dialogue gets a little dull. <br /> <br /> The film is behind the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray), he meets a Lombard, and begins its reputation as a trumpeter, but meets the "other woman" in the film, Dorothy Lamore. The best moments in the transaction of the film with the collapse of relations with the Lombard, and its collapse as a jazz trumpeter (its appearance and the need for alcohol is very unusual for a character MacMurray - even his dark figures as Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake or naval officer who pushes Kane Mutiny Sun demonstrated dependence on alcohol <br /> <br /> Lombard good as a woman loves, but resentful MacMurray Lamore has little to actually do - .. perhaps the film had more scenes with her in it, but one stands out, it MacMurray attempt to get on the wagon again. in his opening bit Pan gborn wonderful. Rarely observed in films, a small part of the actor Carl Judels effective as a weather fan / MacMurray friend who takes it as it comes under (though he gives him handouts). <br /> <br /> Charles Butterworth is trivial in this film, as usual, but it does have one moment when he looks shyly at his hands on the piano keyboard in he room, his girlfriend, MacMurray, and Lombard share - his red face, the look of embarrassment about lies that MacMurray insisted true. It was a good, thin point. If only it was a subtlety in his game, not his moments of self-conscious humor.
