An unusual pair of Neil Simon created a model for many of his later plays. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison was unsuitable paired roommates in the original, the former picky and careful, the latter being sloppy and loose. Simon write (less successfully) the game in the 1990s as a new Odd Couple, with female roommates. He did this mixed pair (woman with her daughter, and people) GOODBYE GIRL. He also gave it an extra twist to the sun in 1973 BOYS, Broadway hit starring Jack Albertson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, aged, semi-retired Vaudevillians. Here, the "flat", the problem is reduced to the Teaming the two men, who can not stand each other. Nineteen hundred and seventy six movies filmed Matthau Willie and George Burns as Al <br /> <br /> In fact, Al, probably do not think that really bad Willie. - Willie pathological on Al. First Al were small habits like spitting a little accident in the pronunciation of words that begin with the letter "T", and lightly poked Willi with the index finger on the stage. Second, Al retired when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and was forcing his nephew and agent, Ben (Richard Benjamin), to try to get his work in advertising. But Willy can not remember the lines, if they are not funny, and continue flubbing them. Therefore, it is rarely may remain until the end of rehearsals business. <br /> <br /> Ben asked me to get the two back together for a live stage their own well-known sketch on a TV show about American comedy. He does bring Al to see Willy, and sparks begin to fly, so and can not understand what the other is doing (and it is only at the rehearsals. acres on me that Willie insists on changes (minor, but they are reset Al) such as saying «ENTER !!!», when Al knocks on the door. initial rehearsal was a success, but Ben managed to get them to the taping of the show. the question is ? whether they will finish the scene in the final program, or Willie will turn the neck <br /> <br /> Ella three leads, Matthau, Burns, and Benjamin, very good with jokes, F frequently resembles vaudeville patter (for example: "the pain chest ... I get chest pain uncle Willie. Every Thursday I come here and get a pain in my chest! "" Yes, let's Friday! "). Benjamin tries to prove his deep commitment to his uncle, although the rough outer shell Matthau makes it difficult (it only smoothes down when he discusses the glory. The days of vaudeville) Matthau has a slightly better understanding of the is actually (on the ground) than Burns, who, it seems advanced for him to repeat - but in the sense of reality in the Matthau rejected by the world, that once applauded him make it less willing to behave properly. Burns Sun senile -... he takes things slow, but he seems much happier taking his retirement <br /> <br /> I call it the ultimate "conqueror Discovery» for our contemporary of Lewis and Clark and Al Willie surpass their old sketches, as they gradually end up realizing that they have more in common in adulthood than they thought. Even annoying Willie admits that Al can be (his) pain in the ass, but he was a funny man. <, Br /> <br /> Burns was not the original choice for «Al Lewis" (cf. team pposedly Dale Smith and Dale). Jack Benny. Benny probably would have done a good job, but poor health forced him (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last part in any movie was solid gold CADILLAC in 1956 as the narrator) was so accurate representation of what he has received "Oscar" for best supporting actor, and had to make a career in cinema over the next decade films such as it GOD!; He is God, the devil; and there in style. He died in 1996 at the age of 100, proving that he was more than just a brilliant straight man to his wife Grace Allan.
