I saw «Miracles Still Happen» now at least four times. I never tire of this fantastic film. From the outset, it keeps a person's interest. As the film progresses, and plane crashes story gets very intense as we have seen, this young girl trying to survive alone and frightened in the Amazon, after the crash, in which she was the sole survivor. The loss of her mother in the crash, but also makes this film even more dramatic, as we see the danger of this young girl had to endure during her ten days in the Amazon. To think that it's really going to happen, it is simply unrealistic to think that someone could survive actualy is ineffable, as we can see wild animals, snakes, and other reptiles, huge forests and wildlife, as well as countless insects. In the course of the film we see many dangers this girl has to face, as she tries to follow the river, in the hope of leading her city. Remembering that her father told her about how the stream will always lead to the river and then into another great river, which means that eventually lead to the community, this young girl to watch out for the tiny stream that will eventually lead to the great river throughout the film. From time to time, have to swim in dangerous waters, alone, frightened, wounded, she always managed to keep. By the end of the film it was obvious that she would not be able to continue much longer, because she had not eaten for ten days, and was only drinking water and was very sick and tired of her in danger. In the end, as she sees the boat, she realizes that there must be a village, and men find it, and they take care of it, then take her to the hospital, where her father comes to her, after fearing that she died together with many other passengers. This dramatic film and so nice to see his father's face when he sees that his daughter is actually still alive after all this time in the Amazon! Movies like this did not do much these days. I can still see him again, and I know that I will never get tired of it! To think that this girl was the only one survivor of this airplane just incredible! In addition, the fact that it only retained a few very minor injury was even more remarkable, while the rest of the airplane died in a terrible accident in the depths of the Amazon. Brilliant film, great acting actually, and one I will cherish forever and love to keep looking! I strongly recommend for sure!
