He is considered the "Swiss response to the Lord of the Rings", but it is much more than that. This is not the answer to something that in itself is something new, something funny, and sometimes it is downright silly and stupid - but Monty Python differs from silly <br /> <br /> In the beginning immediately makes a statement that is? a low-budget film, and are not meant to be taken quite seriously. Cardboard clouds on the strings to knock on the plane, in which the protagonist is sitting. But to compensate there are no special effects, landscape does the trick. It is absolutely beautiful and stunning - those in need in New Zealand, Switzerland has it all. <br /> <br /> What I liked about the film was the simple approach, and it is obvious the passion and energy that went into it. It's not brilliant; while it does have some nice humorous part. Edward Piccini as Friedo absolutely convincing, it would be enough to go and see the movie because of it! There are some good jokes, some of them very lame, some of which will not be understood by people outside of Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​«Urucows» instead of Uruk Hai; I loved the scene where Friedo decides to take «Pupsi», and telehobbie with him along the way. In addition, very funny scene where Rackaroll, sword-fighting knight decides to show his sword - and then crashed into the wall, breaking it. And this is one scene where "Nazgul-ish" characters do amazing comic scene, which includes a toilet brush ... I do not approve of the idea of ​​ring used Schleimli, in the "Gollum" in nature, in order to "seduce" the ladies. It was a little far-fetched. The idea Sauraus Lord wants to cover the ground with a fondue was not that brilliant day. The original, of course, but not brilliant. But most of all I was not like the idea of ​​a gay dragon that actually there was no need. In general, I recommend to watch the movie, just because it's so crazy and really bad. Do not wait LotR as a parody «Spaceballs» was for Star Wars. But if you go to the movies, thinking that it's going to be a fun leveling, with absolutely no ambition, then you will enjoy. I'm not sure if it works in other languages, because he lives on the Swiss dialects, as well as jokes and actors <br /> <br /> In general :. Hat to the courage of the Swiss team, did it!
