Sarafina was a funny film, and some of the songs were very high. Sarafina was very interesting. I usually do not like the music, things like that, but the songs are not limping as it was like a box. The film was useful for the study of history, because it was an interesting perspective of the Soweto riots 1976. He showed you what, from the point of view of students in the riots, and showed that they were real characters. Because you have to see them as a real character that makes you more of their audience, and makes you more sympathetic to treat them as absolutely victim white government, you can not empathize. Singing students properly, because we know from the accounts of the students in revolt sang and danced before it hardened. Clothes students in Sarafina is very similar to the clothes shown on the photos from Soweto. They made the film actually in Soweto, which is why it seems very accurate in many parts. All these things make the film more accurate for someone using it to learn about aparthied. As viewers, we must be critical of the way the history of apartheid was introduced. As I said before, you become sympathetic to students - this makes it potentially less reliable and objective. In addition, it changes some details from other accounts. In Sarafina it turns into chaos when a policeman comes to their class and shot a student. The police and army have been very aggressive in Soweto, but it is probably exaggerated the event. The police and the army to shoot the students, but not a sign of going to school and the execution of people like this. The fight was over in the streets and were looting and crime. This is done in the film is likely to make you feel more sorry for schoolchildren. The film would have been more useful if it had some other information about aparthied. The teacher was arrested for being against the government, and the mother goes to work in the White House the number of people. But there is no information about the government, and why they do it, or any details about the racist policies and laws. -K George S, and Chris Finley
