This film reminds me of 42nd Street starring Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watch this film a lot of it reminded me of 42nd Street, especially the character of Eloise, who is temperamental star, and she ends up falling and breaking her ankle as Bebe Daniels made at 42nd Street, and the other part of the performer receives and become star, this film, like most racing movies, it keeps people who watched out for great entertainment. The racial movies have always shown Black Entertainment, as it really was something that was popular at that time period. Dancing Styles, Music, Free style, you'll love it. This film could have been great when it was done in Hollywood, it would have been better decoration, better acting, and more money, which would make any movie better. But it is worth watching because it's good and Micheaux does well with a bit of it. I must say that all of the films Micheaux, in the swing is the best! The film features singers, dancers, actresses and actors who were popular, but forgotten today. Doli Armena, trumpeter strange woman, who can blow the horn so well, what do you think, Gabriel blowing the horn in the sky. Sexy, hot dancer Consuelo Harris put Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee shame. <br /> <br /> Adding further information ... Popular blues singer from the '20s and' 30s Kara Green is the focus of the film, she Mandy, good, hard-working woman is not a good person who takes your money and spend it on other women. Nosy neighbor played by Amanda Randolph tells Mandy that she saw and heard, and Mandy comes down to the club and catches her man with an attractive, seductive woman named Eloise (played Hazel Diaz, entertainer Hot-Cha in the 30s) and the fight. Then Mandy goes to Harlem, where she reunites with several guardian angels Lena plays one of the most beautiful women in the movie, Dorothy Van Engle. Lena Mandy provides a home, work, and helps her become a star, when temperamental Kara Smith (played by Hazel, I believe that it plays two or maybe she changed her stage name) is trying to destroy the show with her bad behavior. If Kara gets drunk and breaks her leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy's right to work and Lena right and a star is born in Mandi. Tall, long and thin, but beautiful Carman News is cool novice producer Len looking out for as well. Pretty Boy Larry Seymour does not play any good man, but after Lena threatens him, he can catch. There are a few highlights, but the one that sticks out for me is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) spacers at the end of the rehearsal and go at all, and then her man comes in and hits her in the jaw, but this is not enough she nearly re-enters the fray with Mandy. Meanwhile there are a lot of entertainment on the girls' choirs, tap dancers, shake dancer, swing and blues singing. There's even white people look at entertainment, wondering where Micheaux found them, there is even a scene where there is a black and white sitting in the club, Micheaux often integrated black and white in his films, he is to be commended for such a bold step. <br /> <br /> This film was a film I really liked the first race, and he helped introduce me Oscar Micheaux. This film is one of the best racing movie genre, its behind the scenes story of the ups and downs of show business. <br /> <br /> No, these early races movies may not be the best, can not be compared with Hallelujah, fertile fields, weather, Cabin in the Sky, Carmen Jones, or any other Hollywood movies, but they look great, because that they are the early signs of black film plus these films provide an insight into the life of black entertainment and black eye black man. These films gave Blacks a chance to play people from all walks of life, to be beautiful, stylish and elegant, and not just be stereotypes or white felt negros should be depicted as in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses in these movies races were not the best, but they were the only ones that can be provided at the time, Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Freddie Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram, and many more of the biggest stars, so Micheaux and other filmmakers black and white race will use a nightclub performers in his films, some of them were good, some were not great actors and actresses, but I think Micheaux and others to know, and most of s were not good actors and actresses, but they are used more apart of the experiment than a real talent, they just wanted their stories, and in return received a lot of black artists to fulfill their true talents in the films. For some of these actors / actress films race were the only type of film they could get the job done, especially if they do not want to play the Hollywood stereotypes, so I think that you will be able to determine the true actor / actresses nightclub performers These races movies very historical, they may be lost forever, many are lost, possibly racing films are not the greatest example of a movie, but even Hollywood movies did not start great in the beginning. I think if the race continues the genre of the film, she had to be better. If you are looking for more action, most racing films are not those, but if your looking for a real example of black entertainment and how blacks were portrayed in the movies, watch movies than race. There are some interesting racing movie with good acting plaster, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise in Harlem, Keep punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, broken strings, boy! What A Girl, Mystery In Swing Miracle in Harlem and Sepia Cinderella, which is not only good fun, but good action.
