I'm a big fan of Vonnegut's work, and I love this movie, but I would not say that it is a film «Mother Night», what I read. When people say that Vonnegut is unfilmable, two things that come to mind. Firstly, many of its themes are very close to the fist or even taboo, despite the accusation is sometimes used against him, that he chooses a relatively "light" for the purpose of his satire. This means that less each day that passes, as filmability concerned. Director these days are revel break the taboo and I have high hopes for the version of "Bluebeard" is currently in production. It is strange to think that innocent piece like Vonnegut's "The Sirens of Titan," were probably the equivalent «R» rating if unchecked, when it was published in the 50's, due to its violence, language and sexual and thematic content, although it is a tragedy that no one came up even with filmable script for him. and the current economic situation, I hope so too, that some directors there are closely looking at "retsydyvis t "," Galapagos "and" Hocus Pocus. »<br /> <br /> Another thing is that his style of narration, attacking irony to the irony of irony, but it makes it fun to funny. It seems impossible objectified and it seems to be the biggest obstacle to creating great movies of his great novels, because that little copyright notice that the color of our response as readers simply not possible in a movie, without resorting to too often clumsy methods as «talkovers». Vonnegu suggested that there was a character is not captured versions of his work as the author / narrator. To the credit of "Breakfast of Champions" (the film) trying to keep the comedy and came a little cropping to his pain. How else did the turkey made of Vonnegut's novel "cracker" in a more impressive manner. <br /> <br /> However, there is nothing wrong with the director gives us a subjective interpretation of Vonnegut and "Mother Night," it is a perfect example of how, as another reviewer put it, a good director can add visual poetry to the source as it is. But so much of humor is lost, that although it is the same story, it's not actually from the same novel I read. If it were, I probably would have been rolling in the aisles clowns several times to watch it. For the reader of the novel, I think that even a giggle at the end of excusable. The end of the film, however, really bitter, and I think that one of the film's success is that it can really leave you feeling that you watched someone walk on the razor's edge between good and evil, and the jury is still out . <br /> <br /> Standing alone, and that in itself is well worth a look. Technically, there are some minor but glaring errors, particularly in continuity, and it is too often looks gray and theater, but most of the time it reaches an acceptable note and sometimes shows considerable imagination and ingenuity. Which operates in the high-order a whole, even if possible, a dialogue by today's standards a bit stilted. <br /> <br /> He survives pretty good looking back to back with "Slaughterhouse 5" and is actually quite a bit more than "good" Vonnegut removed there, mostly versions of his short stories - "Harrison Bergeron" "Who am I this time?" and some other things as, of course, the misfire filmed version of his very funny, but having to play "Happy Birthday Wanda June". It was also interesting part, if it still exists, made in the 70s under the title "between time and Timbuktu", which Vonnegut, apparently, not so much, even though he was involved in the production, because he felt that it I misinterpreted it in their communities. He said it reminded him of the bizarre surgical experiments conducted in Wells tale, "The Island of Dr. Moreau," but it was for many are the perfect introduction to his work. <br /> <br /> But if the movies do you want to go to a higher source material, they are not doing their job. <br /> <br /> As the man said, more or less, a great show in your head.
