I have not yet read Kurt Vonnegut's Mother Night (although I read his other books, all of the outstanding works of satire and the game-changing new partitions). After watching the film adaptation of Keith Gordon of his book, he would immediately have to be found in the near future. This is the stuff that I'm sure that if it was not done in 1995-96, as a film, it would have taken just today, in a time period when many of the postoperative period / present Holocaust / WW2 movies are quite popular In addition, it much darker, but even more resonant, the nature of the role played by the main and the real horror of life with life after the war than to say to the reader. We are talking about the very real danger of pretending in wartime, and that the future spy in WW2 is really all about. <br /> <br /> It is one thing when the Night's mother was a script with a lot of emotional depth and complexity of moral choice and permanent role even after the war ends- for Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte), who does. But it is also a very powerful feat of cinematic art. Keith Gordon is not someone I used to think of as a director really durable material (more so I think back to him, as an actor, strangely featured briefly from the Vonnegut in Back to School), but this discovery. He picks up the story of Campbell as the history of a fragmented life, the master of German propaganda (in the "American Left in Berlin"), who is actually a spy for the Americans, but it can never be his face showed, and above was a playwright who really belonged to the "nation two ", he and his wife (Sheryl Lee). It follows him from his jail cell, awaiting trial in Israel in 1961, when he wrote his memoirs, and talks about his frustration about being a "pretend" Nazi, and then in 1960 in a semi-fugitive in a New York apartment, It is where most of the film takes place. <br /> <br /> Mother Night can be quite difficult, both at the level one would associate with the pianist, and on the other, more emotional and cerebral level than the harsh poetry of this film. Gordon, by Vonnegut, trying to give us a strong look at the man who has nothing except the memory (and then a strange transposition) of his long-lost love in "sister", who came to him in New York, so he left his own device when he became friends with the artist (Alan Arkin, very, very good here), and then it turns out like Nazi Go to hiding-in-white newsletter benefits of leading an eccentric in his apartment. On the surface, it should be just a simple spy story, but not a simple thing. "Something" of that person's life is striking, but it is ultimately his own choice. Campbell is one of those characters that could be analyzed within a few hours, but the same conclusions can be reached (and thus, reflects the line of said Goebbels): the greater the lie, the more people will believe it. That is, for a select few, except at the lies and know its secrets and power. <br /> <br /> But, oh, that would be one thing if it was just great and tragic-comic story, or the other, when he was distinguishing between some truly fantastic views (which makes: Nolte is at its most the best here, and Sheryl Lee, who we might recall from Twin Peaks, Laura Palmer, staggering in several roles, especially in the scene when she discovers that she is not "really" Helga). It is also a great film made, with brilliant lighting and staff that reflect the state of mind of the character, or just nudity or hideous colors the time (look at the scene where the old Campbell watching a movie of his younger self spewing out rant, comparing faces large). And the music choices to rise to the level of tragedy. Arguably, some of the music too much, but at other times it picks up the material by its own conventional dramatic size and making it opera, solemn about human nature. <br /> <br /> It's not always easy to take the film emotionally, and some of the corners have something to tint "Stand", as in any spy story. But it is a diversion from the Vonnegut, who sticks through how to make the appearance and performance, life imitates art that imitates life, which simulates death, and make it into something worth remembering. I have no idea just yet, if the book is better than the movie (or vice versa), but at the moment it's hard for me not to recommend to anyone looking for a masterpiece after WW2 / holocaust narrator.
