American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (played with a musty obsolescence Nick Nolte) happily living in Germany with his wife, actress Helga note (Sheryl Lee) before the Second World War. At the peak of his life, Howard made US agent (John Goodman), to become a spy on behalf of the Allies; prevented the risks of holding a job, Howard has everything to lose, but the offer is irresistible. After his wife's death and at the end of the war, Campbell disguises himself with the anonymity of a solitary life in New York, which spoils his neuroses even further. The central question (in fact, an issue that has angered many critics) of the film and the source of the novel by Kurt Vonnegut is "Campbell hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide offer us clues, but there is no answer, and this ambiguity? ? it is not knowing ?? that holds the «Mother Night» fresh and interesting throughout. At the beginning of the film, Nolte Campbell reflects how smart and self-confident; after all, he was either scared and uncertain, or scary and FULLY some of his contribution / debt to humanity for the role he played in the war. Gordon uses some icy sheen to the images of the first half of the film, which complement his portrait Nazi bourgeoisie and captures the dramatic side of Vonnegut. On the other hand, if Campbell is chained to his lonely New York apartment (which he affectionately calls "purgatory") only to be discovered by a group of Nazis, humor also made purely distinctive author, and provides a temporary respite from the dramatic tension that unfolds. Morality (even spiritual) phenomenon of "Mother Night" is not amenable to a simple resolution, and to the extent that should be left ambiguous ?? in black and white scenes Campbell who look wearily into space as he is imprisoned in Israel involves the silent contemplation we did not involved in the ??, Campbell character, internal development, we start, knowing very little about; War changes his way back to America, changing it, and meeting with the Nazis in New York, makes him extend the facade of his "act" even further, to the point where he could only look wearily at the self-image is projected on the wall, spewing anti-Semitic bile. It is possible that this is the best response we could have hoped.
