It's a magical moment in the life of that point between the beautiful innocence of childhood and confusing whirlwind that marks into adulthood. ,, That's what this film is all. <br /> <br /> Danni (beautifully played by Reese Witherspoon) right at the time of life when the film begins. She loses consciousness of Elvis playing his record and think wistfully about love. Maureen her sister soon in college, has no problem with the involvement of boys, beautiful, and everything seems to have realized that, although she does not. It takes a local loser whose parents also after it, and only wished she could find a decent boy, and be swept away by feet. Danni, like most young teens she wants to be someone else other than yourself, because most teenagers think that who they are just not good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but does not see that she is beautiful itself. <br /> <br /> At the time adulthood begins to intrude itself on her life when she meets for the first time the court Foster. Court whose father died recently moved into his old farm to cultivate it with his mother and two younger brothers. He pushed the responsibility, if it should be fun. One hot day, he goes to the pond and jump into only to find Danni skinny dipping. They shout and argue and Danni letter. But they see each other in a day when the courts are invited Danni mother, to visit old friends (Danni parents). Danni involved in court, and the court Danni. She is a tomboy and sticks, has attitude and said that in her head. <br /> <br /> The Court Danni 17 and 14, and he knows it, but they continue to grow closer to their days in the water between the court working farm. By the time the court kisses her one day, Danni surprised. DANNI father tells her to invite the court to the house, and he does. but inconvenient for the trial on his "kind of date." The silence, broken at his meeting with Maureen, who has yet to see the court. One look between them, and it is everywhere. Looks pain and lesions on the face DANNI is both beautiful in their truthfulness to life and painful at the same time. The rest of the film, I will not say, but the film is more than the relationship between a boy and his two sisters. <br /> <br /> The greatness of the film in the image still lifes beautiful moments and painful, and the relationship between the two sisters whose love is experienced as a boy, they love, and the pain they have to endure, both together and separately. Danni eventually celebrating their entrance into the world, when she sees that the world is unfair, ill, and maybe even a little less hope than when the film began. Few movies can truly capture the wonder of childhood and adult life, the pain is so cool. This film has, since the first time I watched it stuck in my mind. Its on my list of the Top 100 films and deservedly so. I just want to have made more movies like this, because if this is the case. ,, My faith in Hollywood would have been much better.
