When I first heard about the show, I've heard a lot about it, and it got good reviews. I watched the first episode of this "judicial Tales" as it is so declares itself, and I'm really hooked on it. I've loved it ever since. This show has a good sense of humor, and it's fun to see a good show like this. Throw as beautiful as their characters, and I do not want to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with this show, Pushing Daisies centers around a man named Ned (aka Pie Maker, playing Lee Pace), who opened a special gift when he was a boy: he can return the dead to life with the touch of a finger. He first did it with his dog, Digby. Nevertheless, there is a catch: If it keeps dead man alive for more than one minute, someone dies. He learned about it when he brought his mother to life, and the father of his childhood crush, died on the spot Ned's mother. Another catch is when it comes to a person, again, they're dead again, but this time for good. He found out about it when his mother kissed him good night. His father took him to a boarding school, and when he was gone, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Almost 20 years later, Ned has a cake bakery, cleverly titled «Pie Hole». Colleague Ned, Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) has a crush on Ned, but Ned rejects her steps, trying not to approach anyone to learn from past experiences. Private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) opened the gift, Ned, and decides to make him a partner in solving the murder. Ned comes to sacrifice, I ask who killed them, and when the minute, he again presses, and they solve it. Here's how they usually resolve. During the murder scenes are very interesting subjects and have what people least expect. <br /> <br /> One day, Ned discovers that his next murder to solve this is his favorite child, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel), he brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep it alive. In its place, a funeral director who stole jewelry from the bodies and died. If Emerson finds, and if Chuck wants to help with the solution of a murder he did not agree a little - for some time, we hear it referred to as Chuck "The Dead Girl". All this is kept secret from Olive is, Aunt Lily and Chuck Vivian (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz, respectively), and all others in this regard, in case someone recognized her from the obituaries, news, etc. Vivian and Lily previously synchronized swimmers, not left the house in years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck grow to love each other, but they can not touch each other ever again. <br /> <br /> The show is funny, has a terrific character, contains large plot twists, and, of course, to get your spirits. I hope that it is not canceled in the 13 episodes.
