This show was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any similarity between the style "push Daisies" and someone else did not have to steal. (Yes, I've seen 'Amelie ».« Pushing Daisies "is somewhat similar, but still different enough to be original.) Rather, too few shows on television that have a quaint charm. The greatest similarity with the «Dead Like Me», but «P.D» comes this similarity honestly Fuller created both shows. (Both shows include the "undead" young woman, for example). This show has never ceased to be funny and charming, and it was always amazing, but was consistently humane. <br /> <br /> I have to say a few words about the Convention on the current storylines. Some people complained that the show was not a moral center because in the first (and several subsequent) episodes Ned seems to get away with causing the death of Chuck's father without consequences of any kind. First of all, it should be a new definition of "without consequences of any kind," because, despite the fact that Ned was only a boy and did not realize that he caused the death of Chuck's father, however, he felt guilty of at that moment he realized what he had done. In addition, about a dozen episodes in the series, Ned finally admit Chuck, that he caused the death of a father with his gift. Now there are no police to charge the person magically cause of death of one person by another person, with the result that comes back to life, so the issues of forgiveness and return to be taken without public management. In other words, it is between Ned and Chuck, who was not inclined to forgive Ned soon. <br /> <br /> But that indicate a problem with continuing storylines in dramas network. I remember, when the character of David Caruso on «NYPD Blue» did something wrong, and it seemed that he went with her - for a whole year - when he was caught and was forced to retire from work (and left the show). The fact is, the audience should learn now do not think that just because a regular character is doing something wrong in one episode, and not caught in the episode, he got together with him. There is always next week - and possibly even next year.
