«Pushing Daisies» certainly is one of the best television shows of its genre for the past 5 years, do you agree with it or not. Fuller, the creator, has an amazing creative mind. He is the mind behind one big TV shows like «Dead Like Me» (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), and the second is not as great as they are, but also interesting, "Heroes" (2006). It is a mixture from the amazing worlds Bryan Fuller created in previous television shows, mixing again a strange fantasy world with the real views of people, disguised in colorful images and an exaggerated sense of what a fairy tale is always there. So, being a kind of a fairy tale, you can not wait more than unrealistic world and unexpected situations, or situations as many expected, but not in such a way that it is, as a rule la, will be discussed. <br /> <br /> The gift always comes with a curse, and what a sweet can be bitter. That's right, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, simple guy with an interesting gift, besides an amazing cook he can give life to the dead one touch it can be a power that everyone will die - or live - in fact, if there was no other simple and very sad thing. it can also give all the dead, when he touches it again. Curse this amazing gift does not stop there ... everything is compensated, and if he brings something to life for more than one minute, another breed that could die instantly. He's a guy full of unfortunate events in life so that he grew introspective, always afraid to touch everything and lose again what he one day love. Until the day he could finally be close to his greatest love in childhood, Chuck (Anna Friel), if there were another sad fact: she died. He again gave her life, and she loved him as much as he does, but this love is untouchable. Really the kiss of death. And that's how it is beautiful modern fairy tale begins. <br /> <br /> When I heard about «Pushing Daisies» for the first time, he was promoted very familiar to all that Tim Burton created after the "Pee-wee's Big Adventure" (or maybe some kind of tribute) ( 1985) in "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie and cherished factory" (2005). The results could not be better. The world around Hole pie was great. Stories about Ned and Cod detective (Chi McBride), to solve unsolved crimes can be a lot to do in television, but it's just a way to guide people through the amazing stories surrounding characters, as Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) in a beautiful world full of beautiful and dreamy images that you can almost taste the colors. Not only that you have merged into a bunch of strange and charismatic characters gentle, even those with the deepest dark humor. <br /> <br /> Forget trivial notion of murders and unsolved crimes, show Brights and winning many other things. Actors are the top of the note. Pace tender, soft, and contains, as a character asks. Anna Friel is the muse of the show as her character should be. But the most wonderful times always with fellow actors as Chi McBride (detective Emerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (as Lily Charles), Ellen Greene (Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (as Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz glitters performs as dried character drowned in an impossible black humor, which may scare off the clown, of course, it has the best dialogue and its expression and body language is fascinating. But if the best dialogues are Swoozie and her character, the best funny moments are Kristin Chenoweth. It seems that she improvises all the time, so it is natural, fun that each scene the show away. Kristin shines so brightly in the show, that the victory of the 2009 Amy for his supporting role in the show was quite fair and deserved. In addition, there is a chemistry between the actors and their characters are too strange. <br /> <br /> There are no words to express what this TV show is actually the fact that it should have been. For those who think that this show is a waste of time, or have argued that find no sense in this, of course you need to open your mind and return to the time that they would probably never have been :. Childhood <br /> <br /> Truth mention ... TV has never been so bold in a TV show like this strange one. «Pushing Daisies» was a huge step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment, and his sudden death was a lot of disrespect. It is true that television does not respect the great television shows like the ones created by Fuller - except "Heroes" is still in the air and is not nearly as amazing as the other.
