After reading «Pushing Daisies", and literally minutes ago finished watching the final episode, two or three negative reviews on IMDb homepage, I thought it was time, I said that I was thinking about PD. <br /> <br /> First of all, to decide that some of the issues that I've seen other people having this show: something along the lines of "I would expect that people who woke up from the dead, to have more . a realistic reaction, "realistic, on the show Pushing daisies is really clean and complete escapism is the color palette, the dialogue is used, scenarios, situations, musician:. all this, for me, it's just an escape from everyday life escape from the mundane. and sad. It is here where Pushing daisies exceeds exceptionally well Pushing daisies and is not for everyone: Much of the television audience did not "get" it, for some people there is too silly, but for people like me, even with the first episode I watched it (2 seasons in «Frescorts»), and myself. was just blown away by the show. since then, I bought two sets of boxes, and they were barely on my DVD-player. Other people I know, I can not, it really seems like Marmite. <br /> <br /> the show follows the adventures of Ned in Piemaker, with a magic finger, which brings back childhood favorite Charlotte Charles, is working with a private investigator Emerson Cod, has P ie-hole and works as a waitress Olive Snook. Completion of the main actors are the aunts Lily and Vivian, that Charlotte (Chuck) never allowed to see. They live in a fantasy world where the dead come back to life, all shown with a surprisingly bright splash of color, and narrated by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> In addition to outlining the basics of the show, I really can not praise it so much more to say: Just watch. While screwed over the Writers Guild of America strike, only 22 episodes ever made, it provides excellent plot twists, plot lines, characters and situations, while ensuring that (for me) satisfies the end (yes, I could to say that it was were tacked on the end and ran, but I was still happy with how it went). Whether it's creative or just pathetic, for many people (including me) did the most exciting and wonderful review, and I hope for the future of television, which is larger shows how this is created in such a way, I did not leave with only 22 to 40 minutes memories that can be real fun.
