Young Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Leterrier), an avid archaeologist sent his boss a museum in a large country house Squire Richards (Pip Torrens), where his task is to find the origin and the catalog of the collection of antiquities and curiosities belonging to the recently deceased father Squire. Squire surprised by the arrival of Fanshawe, he does not expect him for another week, but not least, it welcomes and receives his only servant, Patti (David Burke..of Watson fame) to show for it in your room as the Fanshawe should stay a few days to finish it pretty big task. Pattno, seemingly friendly race and seems to resent the extra work that Faego visit will lead to a big empty house, which provides infinite amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance for it. Fanshawe is a fussy kind, very neat and accurate of all, having a place, whether its clothes or books and papers, and he was soon disgusted with the mud in his room. Needless to say that he would rather start their work, but it is unpacking his binoculars was damaged in transit, so he asks to replace a pair of Squire, squire that modern thinking man, but also, seemingly, most uncultured such issues, also seek to get rid of the clutter around the house, so he requires and Fay walk up the hill, so that it can examine the property and the surrounding countryside, there Squire sends it to the points of interest, including the Gallows Hill, where the locals have been suspended for their crimes and misdemeanors, his interest is also taken to local Abbey, which Squire describes as ruins, but Fanshawe can be seen with binoculars, it clearly is not, he investigates further and pay a visit to the abbey site and is shocked to discover that there are only a few stone residues? Fanshawe is not too much time to think about this puzzle, as it drops the darkness, he feels that he is under surveillance, he feels the presence, he begins to see moving shadows in the forest, struck it home runs. At dinner he gives details of his harrowing days before Squire, Patti overhears the story and offers an explanation it..The Binoculars! they belonged to a local man named Baxter, which would seem to collect the bones and skulls from the Gallows Hill, boiling them for some brew or other Baxter mysteriously disappeared one night, the late Squire purchased their property in the including a mask made from the skull and some old engravings region. These etchings charm Fanshawe as they paint the abbey he had seen in binoculars, but he learns that the abbey was destroyed during the reign of Henry VII, and therefore it would be impossible to Baxter drew sketches, yet they signed and by Baxter in the recent past, so he He comes to the conclusion that the binoculars have a special power. That night he was terribly vivid dreams when he wakes up, he goes to the binoculars to get a closer look at the Abbey through them that he finds surprises him, but he put himself in a perilous danger by doing this? Fanshawe finally becomes trapped in his dangerous obsession, as darkness falls Squire and a search party to go in search of the missing archaeologist Now, they warned tens loud cawing of crows circling above Gallows HILL, they accelerate their speed, but they will be in time to help or Fanshawe save your fate? Ghost Story for Christmas a series of films made by the BBC, unfortunately, ended the initial start-up of films in 1978 with the Ice House, they were mostly based on the work of a large MG James. In 2005 and 2006, the series was revived briefly and fortunately view from the mountain also marked the return to work of James, whose visionary work haunted many generations of readers. Directed by Luke Watson is new to the series may have worried supporters of the old movies, but he returns to the setup period left on the later films, which immediately set the tone for a great ghost story, its direction is confident as he remains faithful to the mood of artists working and gradually creates the fear factor to a terrible climax, all the while maintaining that the viewer sees to a minimum, thereby increasing the mystery. Autumn in the countryside provides a lot of atmosphere, the falling letters and the low-lying sun, which provides a disturbing background for the sinister events in the future. The cast must say, all well and good cast in their roles. Idea of ​​binoculars is a simple, but very effective, the use of man-made object to see supernatural beings and events that the naked eye can not see, can even affect AleX-de-la Iglesia in his film La habitación del Nino (2006 .) in the next year, with which it bears a striking resemblance. I've heard mixed reviews about this film, but I must say that I found it at all times intriguing and even raised a few hairs on my head and gave me a few ants, what is not these days, I think, any negativity surrounding the film can be attributed only to its stimulation, which in my eyes is perfect, but for a modern audience will see how deathly slow. A lot of time is given, even in his short 40-minute work for character development and expansion of the site and I have to say it is my new favorite, and definitely one of the best films of the decade.
