In 2005, the year has not seen at least 3 captured posing great novel Wells' War of the Worlds. " This is perhaps the least known, and very likely the best of them. No other version of WOTW never tried to not only present the story is a lot like Wells wrote, but also to create an atmosphere of the time in which he was supposed to take place: the 19th century in the past year 1900 ?? using the original settings of Wells, in and around Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb seems hostile to what they consider "spoiler". It can be used in some movies where the ending is really a surprise, but in relation to one of the most famous novels in the world seems to be positively foolish. I have no sympathy for people who do not pay attention to read one of the seminal works in English literature, so let's get right to hunt. The aliens are destroyed through the earth to pick up the disease against which they have no immunity. If this is a spoiler, so be it; after the book and 3 other films (including the 1953 classic), you have to know how it ends. <br /> <br /> This film, which stands Wells story mostly also very reasonably presented ?? so that can put a lot of spectators off due to the ignorance of the late nineteenth / early 20th-century photographs. Although filmed in the widescreen version of the film goes to some lengths to give the impression of simultaneity. The overall coloring of the skin and clothing display sepia often found in old photographs (rather than black). Colors often resemble hand-tinting. In other cases, the colors are washed out. These changes are characteristic of the early films that did not use a standardized celluloid stock, and therefore represented a lot of changes in print quality, even going from black / white to sepia / white to blue / white to red / white and so on ?? as you'll see in some cases here. The special effects are deliberately retrograde, a kind seen even at the end of 1920 ?? and yet the Martians and their car is a lot like Wells described them more realistic and almost "feel". Some effects are very uncomfortable ?? such as the destruction of Big Ben. Actions are often more in the style of the time, than we do. Some aspects of Victorian dresses may seem strange, especially the use of lipstick or brilliantine on his head and facial hair. <br /> <br /> This film is the only one who stands with the original story of a proximity Wells ?? as it has already been noted. Viewers can find informative to note the details of the story that are here, are sometimes stored in the other versions of the story. Description Wells Martians ?? giant head mounted on many tentacles ?? effectively drawing. When there are Martian machine, about an hour into the film, they also give a good idea of ​​how Wells described them. And Wells, and this film do an excellent job drawing the progress Martians limited point of view of (mainly) in rural England ?? plus a few scenes in London (featuring the narrator's brother). Director is unable to resist showing the destruction of the main attractions (Big Ben), but, at least, not to stop the devastation of London too. <br /> <br /> The victory of the Martians is hardly surprising, despite the destruction of the guns of some of its vehicles. The narrator, a journey is going to seek salvation, he sees many conditions Welles' defeat of humanity. " He meets Victorian vicar endowed with the disaster is much too valuable and nervous person. In the end, they found themselves at the edge of the Martian nest, where they discover the terrible fact: the Martians shown vampires, who consume their prey live in a very effective scene. Wells adds that after eating, they created "a long and hilarious hoot." The narrator finally obliged to beat senseless increasingly hysterical Vicar ?? restoring the same way as the Martians drag it to the pantry (cheers from the gallery, British vicar so often quite unbearable) <br /> <br /> This film lasts almost 3 hours, passing through Wells' history in welcoming detail. , This time the author got his due ?? in a convincing presentation that builds in dramatic consequences. Word about acting: Do not expect rewards performance. They are not bad, but the actors seriously, and they grow on you. Most of them, however, were very reduced film career, often only in this movie. The narrator plays hunky Anthony Piana, in its 2nd film. Cure John Kaufman ?? Also in its 2nd film as an actor, but who had more experience directing. Brother ( «Henderson») played with some conviction V. Bernard Bauman in his first film. Gunner, the only other significant part played by James Lathrop in his first film. <br /> <br /> This is generally a great movie, drawing the first War of the Worlds, Wells wrote. Despite minor flaws, it is far and away better than any of its competitors promoted. If you want to see War of the Worlds by HG Wells G. ?? and not some very distorted version of it ?? see this movie!
