Imagine that you could have anything you wanted, go anywhere, be anything that you have ever dreamed of being - through thought alone. Now imagine sharing this gift with the love of his life. What would you do? Whether such powers are to your heart? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in "The Cage" is now legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series. Famously considered to be "too cerebral" and "too cold" on NBC brass and rejected, "The Cage", however, the most ambitious and expensive pilot ever made in the history of the network at that time, and Gene Roddenberry did not want all that effort and expense go to waste as a result of this really be a classic Star Trek episode that embeds "cell" in a frame, which deepens and extends the emotional and philosophical depth that pursues the story, a milestone in the history of television and one of the first really serious scientific -fantastychnyh stories ever made on the small screen ... Star Date 3012: Enterprise redirects to StarBase 11 after Mr. Spock gets an urgent message from a former commander of the enterprise. It is strange that a message may not be from Captain Pike in the end, he is now confined to a wheelchair, mute and horribly disfigured after a tragic accident. Kirk and Starbase Commander Commodore Mendez attempts to uncover the mystery, but the matter can be eliminated, Spki - for reasons still unknown - commits an act of open rebellion, kidnapping helpless Captain Pike and hijacking the Enterprise using brilliantly thoughtful and timely plan helped several Vulcan nerve crumbs. Soon the company is headed for a remote, forbidden planet versus IV. Mendez tells Kirk that in comparison IV is prohibited, and any contact with the planet Star ships or personnel to immediate death sentence, which means that Spki seems to deliberately destroy themselves, and pickaxes, as well as considering that the captain will bear responsible for ship operations. Shaken, Kirk and Mendez chase in the shuttle, which itself becomes dangerous if the company refuses to answer their calls or pick up the ship, while the power and oxygen is almost gone. Spock - knowing that Kirk should be one next ship - it certainly can not condemn the captain to die. After ordering a trade mined and passengers beamed aboard, Spock discovers that he did for McCoy and requires arrest, after being set on an irreversible course of the ship on a comparison of IV. After taking command again, Kirk demands an explanation, and then ask for an immediate Spki tribunal tribunal Star commanders - of which there are three on board - Mendez, Kirk and maimed invalid Captain Pike. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of the rules of the Star allows him to manipulate the court in enabling it to provide otherwise inadmissible evidence. Spock is a video of a single contact ever made between the Federation and the residents of comparison IV - a journey made 13 years ago, the company itself under the command of Pike. Kirk questioned the authenticity of the video because of its extreme detail, but the reality of the events drew confirmed by Pike, which happens to be lured in comparison IV disaster survivors from those anticipated in the Federation research ship that crashed there 18 years ago. Among the survivors Vina, stunning beauty said she was born shortly before the accident. Pike is attracted to the girl, and allows her to lure him into an isolated place, and then he waylaid and captured talosian, androgynous humanoid race with great cranial capacity and strength to turn ideas into virtual reality. After the capture of soldering, the other "survivors" disappear, none of them really existed, except for Vina. The episode ends when the court finds that the "proof" Spka actually transferred enterprise directly with IV of Tolosa, in violation of the rules of the Star. Starfleet orders to immediately stop transmission, and we wonder what will happen next ... Continuation of the review «The Menagerie: Part II»!
