Menagerie parts one and two was only 2-parter for 3-year run Trek the original series, and it was because Roddenberry was able to put most of the footage from the 1st pilot "The Cage". This step was taken due to the need to deal with problems in obtaining deadline episodes produced (SF this show back in the 1960s was a concern to make the time). One of the positive results then were that the spectators, not knowing the pilot made almost two years ago, were treated to a whole new crew and the captain of the two episodes on top of the regular characters, as if the manufacturers have spent double the money for these episodes to introduce TV epic story spans ten years of the Star (though they are still used terms such as «United Space fleet" in these early episodes). <br /> <br /> The cuff story begins as a space of mystery plot: Enterprise is diverted to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons, and very quickly Spock suspected of fraud. Surprisingly, even Mack belabors the fact that Vulcan heritage Spka doing tricks for their part, can not be, it will not work that Spki really playing some rebellious scheme Shanghai our precious spaceship and steal his former captain, pike, now badly crippled. Well, Spock, half human, we tend to forget. Or is he just crazy? It may well be that he directs the company to IV of Tolosa, the planet is so out of a subject known only to the death penalty on the books of Starfleet. When it seams, there is a great scene in surrendering Spock stunned McCoy, Uhura and watching in shock. Kirk even usually steady as a captain should be, do not know what to do the illogical behavior of his first officer. <br /> <br /> In the 3rd and final acts, we begin to see the transmitted image of the enterprise mission from 13 years before, when Captain Pike and Spock was commanding one of his officers. We really do not know where all this is going on, and that Spock hopes to achieve - and this is another thing that makes this a very good 2-parter - we really need to find out what it's all about in the 2nd part. Not only that, Spock faces severe punishment, but it looks like Kirk's career may be over as well. Double Jeopardy, people. It is also the first television episode to show one of these shuttlecrafts (none was available in earlier «The Enemy Within», when the craft were actually needed). There's also one of those neat matte paintings to convey the atmosphere of futuristic star base - it was the only way to visualize such things then. And finally, check out a smug approach Kirk at the beginning of the episode - boy, do things go away from him, as the story progresses.
