You should not take what I say lightly. I have seen many, many movies and reviewed a lot of them in the press. So when I tell you that this film is the only funny scene I've ever seen in a movie, you can listen to me. There's a lot of diversity of opinion as to what makes this incredibly stupid movie as funny as it is. And for those who just do not get, well, I can not blame them too much. The scene I'm talking about, comes about 30 minutes and includes a dead convict chained to John Candy. Up to this point, I found the movie dumb, confusing, and he began to lose me. If this scene came, I laughed so hard I peed my pants. No film has ever done that to me before. When the project began, "war" was supposed to be a movie SCTV. I remember that I announced. As time went on, the cast has been reduced down to John Candy, Joe Flaherty and Eugene Levy. There should also be a change of regime in Universal, while it is removed, because after the liberation, as was shown in theaters almost ZERO. When watching this for the second time, I was listening to the theme song (which is really beautiful as incomprehensible plot, in the lyrics), May relaxed nerve logic and realized what was happening. In addition to the above-mentioned conventional "war" has a lot of other fun scenes to recommend it. It's almost 3 Stooges movie, except that it is much funnier. Directed by David Steinberg has a razor-sharp time, and he had to laugh all through it. As for sweets, which are mainly responsible here, he's never been funnier. With all the plot devices and intelligent scene thrown out the window, he really runs wild. Flaherty and Levi to follow him without much effort. There is a plot, but it's the story as "Menagerie" was the story, and let the script is uneven and a little slow to start. Once you know this, however, you can also appreciate the complete insanity SCTV style that turns out. It's silly, but it's nothing on purpose, and you have to remember that when you see it. DO see him, and to discover if he has the funniest scene is constantly in it.
