Dear. Another example of «Oireland» and religion. There is no doubt that we will see some depressing stuff with some "hard worker and courageous freedom fighters" of the IRA. Well, that was my first reaction, when the loans began, but a little more than an hour and a half later I was in a state of shock. What a wonderful movie <br /> <br /> The story begins on the day of the wedding between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a small problem, because they are getting married in the Catholic Church and Protestant Sheila, but for the wedding will take Sheila undertakes that her children will be raised a Catholic and attended a Catholic school, if they 're old enough. History - What's going on in the 1950s - then jumps forward a few years, when his daughter Cloney going to school, but Sheila decided they would go to the local Protestant school much to the annoyance of the local priest Stafford father. From there, things escalate <br /> <br /> Let me his cards on the table and say that, despite the presence of both Irish Catholic and Protestant Scottish heritage I was raised as an agnostic and considered himself as an atheist in my entire adult life. In fact, when it comes to religion, I consider myself a Marxist and religion cynical weapons used to manipulate people. Love Divided show what happens when a self appointed moral guardians are taking it upon themselves to tell other people what to think and believe. Can I have the audacity to say that when Karl Marx saw this film, he wanted it and call it a masterpiece? Perhaps I should not, because the drama of the story shows what happens when other people do your thinking for you <br /> <br /> In response to a couple of reviewers, which claims the film is propaganda of the worst kind, I don 't require to know the exact details of what happened in the county of Wexford, and there is no doubt that the father of Stafford and his flock of sheep Catholic portrayed as the bad guys, but Sheila entirely blameless myself. Think about a woman who lives in the countryside, in the 1950's Ireland, who undertakes to bring their children as Catholics, then changes his mind and believes that there will be no consequences? This is a warning against the adoption of the promises and not to detain them. Not only that, but she disappears to allow other people to pick up the pieces of their broken lives. There's also the fact that no one has claimed, and that the only character with any type of moral sense is a former IRA man Andy Bailey, who is listed as a gallant, not because he was a former member of the IRA (It makes a change. We do not We are talking about the Devil's OWN here), but simply because he is an atheist, who decided to think of myself <br /> <br /> love shared wonderful film that has a lot to say for themselves, all of which I agree. If there is any criticism it is that it feels too much like TVM, not a cinematic film, but believe me, I can live with it and is essential viewing for anyone who thinks that religion is the opium of the people
