I will never be amazed and frightened the evil that was Predicate in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the Catholic Church in the twentieth century Ireland rank right up there near the top - taking into account that the wisdom of history and modernity was to have some sobering effect. <br /> <br /> A Love Divided is the story of a real family injured ignorant intolerance and prejudice in the name of all the senseless doctrines of the Church. At the beginning of the film we have offered a view of the pastoral life in a small Irish village where Sheila and Sean Cloney happily married with two young children. Sean Catholic and Protestant Sheila, but she has no qualms with their children being raised Catholic. There's no signs of hostility between Catholics and Protestants in the village. Peaceful and loving relationship soon dashed when Sheila expresses the wish that their oldest child attended a Protestant school. The local priest takes over to prevent this "sin" and soon Sheila's husband and the entire Catholic population of the village turned against her, and her father, a local farmer. In an act of defiance and despair, Sheila kidnaps her two daughters and runs from the area. <br /> <br /> Particularly noteworthy given Orla Brady, which plays Sheila. It provides a very high performance in which the viewer is drawn to the emotional trauma, which she decides to give up the desire of her husband she loves deeply, to express their strong desire to establish itself as an independent institution of the pressure. On an equal footing is Liam Cunningham, who plays Sean because it gives a realistic portrait of a man is not as complicated as his wife, who is torn between his love for her and the influence of the church and the community. <br /> <br /> If fiction, this film would be a convincing and interesting drama. Given that this is true, it changes to a terrible tragedy. In real life, people and villages never fully recovered from the events that took place there. It has been almost half a century for the Church to recognize its negative role in the events, and while Sheila and Sean lived his life in the area, they never fully recovered from what was done to them by religious leaders and their fellow villagers. <br /> <br /> Whether it is the denial of the basic right to choose education, crashing planes into a building, conquering woman, condemning the whole race, or just on the torture and murder, we the people, of course, have the opportunity to use religion as a powerful negative force in our society.
