This would require the beauty and eloquence of Shakespeare, to pay tribute to this remarkable cinematic achievement. Nevertheless, I'll give it a go. <br /> <br /> As far as the adaptation of Hamlet to go this time in a better starting point than any other version, because it covers the whole game. Nevertheless, this is not a guarantee for the film of the first course, or even good. I'm usually not a lot of films that are long and the trends that seem to be prevalent in Hollywood today, namely, that the films should be up at least two hours, preferably three, one which I hope will not last long. A bit of history enough to withstand such extensive research strengths and could do with some cutting. Create four o'clock-long movie and keep it interesting is an important event, but Kenneth Branagh pulls him in triumph. He managed to make a very long film does not seem to be any more than any average movie. I was completely absorbed from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> wonderful actor Kenneth Branagh himself as a tormented prince give a strong and memorable performance. He was able to convey his sense of beauty through his voice, and one need not be an expert on Shakespeare's verse, to catch a lot of emotions that are inside it. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I did not know what to expect really. I've always liked her well enough as an actor, but was not sure she could pull off playing Shakespeare. Well, it is, of course, eliminate all doubts about its performance. She's the best I've seen and Ophelia lent character so deep and just fine. Other brilliant performances Derek Jacobi as Claudius, Richard thistles like Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio name just a few. I liked the fact that Branagh has used some of the more well-known at the international level stars to play in some of the supporting roles; I especially enjoyed the skirmish between Hamlet and the gravedigger plays Billy Crystal. <br /> <br /> the game settings in the 19th century provides a welcome change to the usual dark gothic setting. It's a whole lot easier than other versions I've seen more beautiful and generous, but it does not distract from the tragedy of the play. This is a unique, stylish and aesthetic, a certain delight for the eyes and other senses as well. Music Patrick Doyle, as always, charming and thoroughly in harmony with the film. One can only feel a deep sense of satisfaction after having seen it. I'm shocked and horrified that this is an exquisite work of art has not won an Academy Award for best picture, especially since he was not even nominated. There's no way was better film made this year, or any year for that matter. This is as close to perfection as you can hope to get. <br /> <br /> In summary, a stunning work of pure genius, and I can not see how anyone can top it. Hats off to you Mr. Branagh.
