William Shakespeare would have been very proud of this particular version of his play. Moreover, it is the best version of the film about him, but it is also the only complete version of Hamlet. Hamlet Kenneth Branagh is a genius. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare, but also because he had the courage to do it all, even if he went a little over four hours. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and his plot to take revenge for the death of his father, so I will not go into the details of this story. I, however, say that the best part of this version of Hamlet entirely spectacular sets and stunning photos, but the interpretation of each character actors. I doubt that you will find the best Polonius than delicious image of Richard thistles. In addition, you can not go wrong with Julie Christie and Jack Lemmon. In addition, Derek Jacobi, regularly among the adaptations of Shakespeare's Hamlet excellent as an antagonist. <br /> <br /> Of course, we must talk about Kenneth Branagh. He amazed the audience when he appeared on stage with his first outing with Shakespeare, Henry V. He overtakes with Hamlet. Of course, the presence of Olivier was exciting, but I think that the performance of Bran fine. If you look at it on the screen, it's almost as if he knew exactly what Shakespeare wanted the role to be played. As he was not nominated for an Oscar a total mystery. At least, the film received several nominations and even an odd choice for the script. I believe that they know good writing when they see it, though. <br /> <br /> In general, you will never find a more rich and generous production of the best game of the Bard. To say that the technical aspects were strange would be an understatement. If you love this game, and proponent of Shakespeare, you definitely need to check out this film with. Even if you do not really care about Shakespeare, visuals will keep you busy for the whole movie. You may not think you'll be able to sit through it all at once, but you will soon find out that the detainees this film will make you want to see it even more.
