Many people do not think the film Branagh Hamlet is all that good, but I must admit that I think it's great. As with almost all of Shakespeare's production, he has a problem, and he had to make a difficult choice, not all of which are running out. Case of the "secret doors everywhere", for example, just does not work. It never reaches the ominous sense of metaphor or analogy that it is trying to, resulting in the game being too diverse and lose their sense of a trademark in a thousand mysteries looming. This is the biggest problem with this production. And although it is an important person, I am also inclined to say that this is the only problem. Almost everything else is working quite nicely. Okay, so Bran is a mite too old for the lead role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a bit forced. And it gets too hysterical times. But that's all. No other complaints. Even with these faults, I think that this version is a seminal one, and if it is not as powerful drama, as it should be, it's broken every literary work, that it is equally to be. We get the full text of the longest version of the game, more innovative and brought to the screen, basically declared in advanced and modern and very clear voice - even if they sometimes talk too fast to get a massive text over with. But in a production of Shakespeare, it is simply not possible to speak slowly enough so that the audience really appreciate the depth of the language. To do this, you need to delve into the printed version of the play. <br /> <br /> All of the actors this version, simply mesmerizing and completely and instantly classic (incl. Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude, is definitely one of the best ever, and even American actors strange people. Charlton Heston as the Player King - who would have thought? (The story takes place around that Heston once played Hamlet on stage, and when the critic in the first row could not withstand the unnatural act, and said loudly: "It's terrible," Heston response message from the stage: "Well, I do not write this shit "of course, this can not be true, but it's a funny story - and if that's true, brave and ironic choice for Bran to include Heston here) Robin Williams as." Young Ozric "is probably not enough for! of the young, but it does so comical one that is justified. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a very good option is made, with most of the key scenes, which are, in my opinion, an extremely memorable. Of course, I was watching this movie the same way as I was interested in Shakespeare (and about the same time as a formidable Luhrmann Romeo + Juliet), and it made a huge impression on me, which should take into account some of my affection for him. <, Br /> <br /> All things considered, I must pronounce Branagh Hamlet to be my favorite one, with Derek Jacobi +1980 BBC version of the second. I probably like Shakespeare Bran to work harder than most to find an interpreter and popularizer of experts, with an attractive casual attitude to words and deeply and properly and shamelessly enthusiastic pleasure of the text. In the world of Shakespeare's actions, two bright lights remain Olivier Brun, and while Olivier is the best actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare to the pedestal of snobbery and artificiality, and turns it into a high-melting, reckless, populist mundane while no threat one of its advantages. Abuse, I believe Shakespeare discovers Truer than the world has ever seen. <br /> <br /> So, 10 out of 10 for absolutely huge Hamlet.
