When I first read Hamlet, I could not help thinking about the finale of outrageous fortune, where Bette Midler puts the game because of how indecisive he, and says: "Give Romeo me any day" Five human acts, which is trying to decide. whether or not to kill his uncle or not? Hike overkill for me. But upon further reading, I began to truly appreciate the game. I've seen the film version of Olivier and Gibson (and part of the version Nicol Williamson), and they all take their model Olivier;. melancholy Dane Olivier at least, did it without being self-indulgent about this, but Gibson, and from t of what I have seen, Williamson, watched as they went to the "Look, Ma, I act, I act!" school. <br /> <br /> Now here comes the version of Kenneth Branagh, which captures the spirit of the beginning until the end. He finished No. 2 on my Top ten of 1996 (for patients in English, and in front of Lone Star, Jerry Maguire, the FARGO, Secrets and Lies, everyone says I love you, flirts with a catastrophe, a great night, and looking RICHARD) and Hamlet is the best, and perhaps the best Shakespeare put on film. It is clear that talents Branagh as director, to create a full-length version in 70mm print, and not lose our interest for four hours, is great, but that seems to be overlooked in discussions about this film is his performance in the title role, it was my favorite performance of the year to date. Branagh avoids melodrama, which seems to be caught in the trap of playing Hamlet as a normal, regular human actors, and makes us aware of their actions and feelings every step of the way. And unlike Olivier, who depended mainly on his voice, Branagh uses his whole body to demonstrate the range of emotions that Hamlet is going to end, but he plays it, as usual, none of them does not seem that the scenery chewing. <br /> <br /> the rest of the cast is top-notch as well. I'm not even against Jack Lemmon, although I agree that it was the weakest member of the cast. The most amazing thing was the turn of the Charlton Heston; I always thought he was hard as a board, but it is fully in command of the king of the player. Another big surprise was Billy Crystal; I think that you will find it is not so, as the 1st gravediggers, but he was his usual funny self, being in nature. In general, a great movie!
