It was the second of the two filmed "Hamlet" in the nineties, the first of which Franco Zeffirelli, starring Mel Gibson, starting with version 1990. Zeffirelli as Laurence Olivier in 1948, was based on a shortened version of the play, a lot of Shakespeare's original text is reduced. (I've never seen one thousand nine hundred sixty-nine version of Tony Richardson, but how and ran less than two hours, shorter than even Zeffirelli, I believe that in abbreviated form). Kenneth Branagh was something much more ambitious- film based on the full text of the play attempts, with a duration of about four hours. <br /> <br /> With his "Henry the V" Bran argued crown Olivier as the leading Shakespearean film, confirming his statement with his brilliant "Much Ado About Nothing", a rare example of a great film based on Shakespeare's comedy. "Hamlet" was his third film as a director of Shakespeare (he also acted as him in Oliver Parker's 1995 "Othello") and, as you might expect, it's very different from "Much Ado ??.". Earlier, a film shot in a villa in the Tuscan hills and the beautiful surroundings, joyful, summer movie of all that makes life worth living. <br /> <br /> «Hamlet», on the other hand is set in the depths of winter. (Flowers in the description of Ophelia's death suggest that Shakespeare himself thought of the action takes place in the summer). Appearance of the film is particularly striking as lush and chilly. It was filmed in Blenheim Palace, perhaps the most grandiose manor house in England, but rather forbidding one. Snowy external scene and cold winter; those internal formal and thoughtful. Action has been updated to the mid-nineteenth century; female characters are sophisticated fashion of the era, while the main ones of men is mainly of a magnificent military uniforms. (There is a contrast here with the film Zeffirelli, where interiors and costumes were deliberately hushed tone). The game is dominated by images of corruption and decay; Intention Bran excellent contrast may be a surface with an underlying "something is rotten in the state of Denmark." <br /> <br /> The film is notable for the large number of well-known actors, some of them in a very minor role. (Blink, and you can skip John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). Apparently, all of the stars requires casting production company who were concerned about a four-hour movie. Some of the imported Hollywood stars such as Robin Williams Osric, really do not come off, while others, like Charlton Heston at the Player King or Billy Crystal first gravedigger played their roles very well. Yorick is usually only seen as the skull, seen here in his memoirs, played by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays the funny characters, cast against type as ghosts, and makes the scenes in which he appears really scary. <br /> <br /> From the main characters, perhaps the weakest Ophelia was Kate Winslet. Branagh leading lady in the first two films, Shakespeare was his then wife, Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995, however, I find myself wishing that Thompson was cast in the role; Although Winslet came into her own in the mad scenes of Ophelia, she seemed weak in earlier, where her character is still sane. (I prefer Helena Bonham Carter in the Zeffirelli version). Richard Briers plays Polonius with more dignity than he is often given, wise and experienced counselor, not a prating old fool. Julie Christie also brings the advantage of the role of Gertrude; many attempts here, as there was with Gibson and Glenn Close in version Zeffirelli to offer incestuous commitment between her and Hamlet. (Interpretation, which should more Freud than it does Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Bran is large enough for them to be reliable, as a mother and a son who was, of course, not the case with closely and Gibson. (Gertrude Olivier, Eileen Hurley was, oddly enough, thirteen years younger than him). <br /> <br /> Branagh said his intention to restore the scenes that are often carved into cinematic versions was to "strengthen the idea that the game is on national and domestic tragedy". A lot of emphasis is on war with Norway and the Norwegian Prince Fortinbras- podagovor generally ignored by Zeffirelli. This emphasis on the national tragedy is perhaps best seen in the character of Claudia, sometimes played as a one-dimensional villain. There is something about the performance of Derek Jacobi, which provides that Claudius might be a good person in different circumstances, but he allowed himself to be diverted ambition and thirst. It could be a good and faithful servant of his brother, but he decided to rule as a bad king. Despite the fact that he is tormented by guilt, he did not see any possibility to make amends for the evil that he has done. <br /> <br /> Bran, surprisingly fluent poetry of Shakespeare, is excellent in the lead role. Like Gibson, he has little time for the old conception of Hamlet as an indecisive, passive and melancholy. An active, physical, energetic Hamlet, something best seen in his fatal duel with Laertes. Its main principle is not tired of desperation, but an active repugnance of evil and corruption. <br /> <br /> It was a gamble for Branagh to make four o'clock epic, and the film is not very good at theaters. It was, however, praised by many critics, James Berardinelli being enthusiastic. My opinion is that, whatever the financial statements may be gambling Bran repaid in artistic terms. Focusing on the complete text, he was able to bring the full meaning and full emotional power of the most challenging of Shakespeare plays. When I reviewed it, "Much Ado About ??", I said that it was the biggest ever film of Shakespeare's comedy. His "Hamlet" may just be the biggest ever film about Shakespeare. 10/10
