The image of the movie studios being financially-driven, not creatively, not without truth (in fact, it is more true than false). The question arises, why Castle Rock Entertainment has allowed Kenneth Branagh, to create a full-length, uncut version of "Hamlet" with his full creative control among other things. Of course, Branagh had to agree to some concessions (stellar cast, and a 2.5-hour version for wide release in), but why the film studio will allow Bran to spend money on the 4:00 version, they knew few would see? Maybe they have, at least in this case, there is enough respect for the material and the vision of Bran to create something for a few people? It is not a question that I can answer. Whatever the reason, it's a glorious vision to those who want to spend four o'clock watch "Hamlet." Everyone knows the story, so I will not spend much time on it. However, unlike other productions of the play, the stage included, it is quite directing the production, which has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare never intended to play to produce the director, leaving the decision about what to include in the discretion of the Director. That being said, I have no doubt that if he had been able to see him, Bard would be overjoyed with the production. <br /> <br /> Branagh film is top-heavy with movie stars, although most of them are only a few pieces. All play a role equally well. I would have thought, Branagh is too old to play the role of Hamlet, and while it may still be, its performance more than makes up for it. Hamlet is a part, showing all the emotions of grief anger, happiness, madness, and everything in between. Branagh nailed it. Derek Jacobi is stunning as the treacherous Claudius, whose deceit and treachery set these things in motion; his unique voice is perfect for this role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, Hamlet's caring mother, who does not understand that does not happen until late in the game. <br /> <br /> Classic actors cast in small roles (Judi Dench in the whole 60 seconds, and has no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly, no one takes it to heart; everyone gives all his strength, and it shows. Especially should go Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, which are excellent. Robin Williams bit too silly, but it's not bad (it is rather small part anyway). <br /> <br /> However, it certainly shows Branagh. He adapted one of the most famous games in history, and thus he took the whale project; it is impressive that he got it done, but the fact that the film is good monumental achievement. What I really liked about this movie is that you do not have to be a scholar of Shakespeare to enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is difficult to digest, but Branagh and his cast to understand it. "Hamlet" is still very nice to just sit and listen to the actors deliver brilliant dialogue and superb action. <br /> <br /> This is a must see for everyone. It can be a long four hours, but it's definitely worth it.
