Firstly, the fact that I did not like. Acting is not really up to the standard of Hamlet. Branagh was really over-the-top, makes a lot of yelling in the main. On my view, those actors who were not famous celebrities generally do a better job; although I would except Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (A Charlton Heston, too, but I was not sure what he was playing at the time of Haku.) A lot of uncertainties in the play clearly resolved one way in flashbacks. <br /> <br /> I think that says a lot in favor of this play is that it is available. Shakespeare is difficult to understand, for the vast majority of people at the moment; many people do not even inclined to try, because of his reputation as a serious literature and its archaic English. If they see this film, they will clearly understand the explanation, at least one person in the game. They will see it more as the audience of Shakespeare saw: the game ball fights and battles, and powerful kings and nobles, murder and incest, and the evil schemes and ghosts - and great art, when one cares to look for it, but in Shakespeare's day, most of them did more than most people nowadays. replays Branagh, and forcing his interpretation of the history of the viewer, can detract from the art of Shakespeare's few, but it's better than modern audiences are part of it, rather than nothing. <br /> <br /> I am here I must say one more thing. Some people complain that "it is set in the 19th century, and it was not the time of Shakespeare." Well, in Shakespeare's time their costumes and scenery that their own day for all of their games. Shakespeare might have said it was in the days of ancient Rome or medieval Denmark or any other, but he did not wear his characters as if they were, he used his time costumes. For the same reason his plays are full of anachronism. For example, King John English and French have a gun - day Robin Hood. In Julius Caesar, they talk about the chimneys, which have not been invented a thousand years, and Henry IV of, they speak of Machiavelli, who was not even born back then. So I think that this objection is silly - you can also complain that the game is not in the Danish (since they all live in Denmark, is not it?).
