While still in school age, and to learn Shakespeare almost all the time during the past four years (which is very scare any writer, no matter how good), I really did not expect to enjoy this film, when My English teacher put it on; I thought that this would be a typical English lesson in the film: a bad game, shooting very poorly edited and terrible horrible old dialogue, so as you can tell, I was almost ready to go into a coma from the path. However, I have observed and to my disorder was not only pay attention, but actually enjoy the movie too. It is a production of Hamlet is arguably one of the best dramatic films I've seen in a long time and it really brings to life what I was expecting Shakespeare wanted his plays to be similar (well, with the difference it's a movie) much better than my English teacher, appealing text ever possibly could. History is good, the dialogue seems to be flowing with surprising grace, which is far from boring (although a little hard to keep up with if you are not accustomed to the language of Shakespeare), and even the smallest details are executed with the skill you Wouldn «t wait; mainly perhaps because of the huge number of cameos this film. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston is so large as to be expected that these two veterans have, even in the small details, but Robin Williams as Osric and Billy Crystal as the gravedigger, who is really worth giving such a minor part of the unexpected piquancy, and also offers some among comic tragedy. <br /> <br /> top stars, of course, also fine. Kenneth Branagh excels like Hamlet, causing not only confusion and pain needed to roll, but also a kind of ironical air, which plays beautifully in the comic scenes, making the film as a whole is much more watchable. Other major players are also good, but it's Kenneth Branagh, who stands head and shoulders above the rest in the title role. <br /> <br /> A lot of parts are also often quite stunning, giving a refreshing change in danky old city hall we used to see in Shakespeare's plays, as well as a real sense of the country around them. <br /> <br /> you know, the movie, taken to the cinema in its own right, is not without flaws, but not major ones (Shagan is not the only real problem I can think of offhand, and prose for those who are not used, as I said, Shakesperean language) and, especially when compared to the kind of Shakespearean works, I used to see in the classroom, it's really quite brilliant. It even made me reconsider my previous typical teenager stand on Shakespeare that his play is boring (I came to the conclusion that it does not play that boring, just the teachers who read them in class). If only they had done all of his plays in movies like this, English students in schools everywhere can have a higher opinion of the Bard. <br /> <br /> In general, 7/10
