Which is an ambitious project undertaken here by Kenneth Branagh, and how well he understood! This is the first filmed version of "Hamlet", to use the full text of Shakespeare's plays, but Bran did it not only because "he was there." His intention, I believe, was to make the game accessible and understandable to a wide audience without dumbing it, so to speak. Instead, he asks the audience to put in a little work yourself, quite fair offer, and one that is a bargain. <br /> <br /> Setting is common 19th-century Europe, and it does more than work well, he holds the modern or ancient view, it may distract from the work itself. Project production and cinematography and an outstanding, which is very helpful when you are looking at a four hour movie. Branagh cast once again inspired by the game and the actors too. Direction performs the difficult task of making this movie, not a luxury version of the game. Because so many "Hamlet" is based on the internal monologue, and relatively few fights, battles, etc., it can be a daunting task. But all attempts to abuse do seems to work. <br /> <br /> Branagh has always been one of the most interesting actors / writer / directors, if not always better, as he made his big splash with "Henry V." One quibble I had was with him that I I am seen as a tendency to HAM him at times. In the image of Hamlet here, he could be accused of that again, but there is a way to work. Let's face it, "Hamlet" is not an easy job for the average person to understand, and if one has never seen it performed before, he or she needs help, even if they had read the play. Hamlet has the most lines of any of Shakespeare's character and Branagh makes sure that his audience knows that this person thinks and feels throughout the film, even if you do not know the literal meaning of each word of the mysterious. This performance Bran was, at least, is worthy of an Oscar nomination. <br /> <br /> There are so many other great performances here are almost too numerous to mention, but some of them need to be recognized. Derek Jacobi as Claudius is very rich, but even he takes a back seat to Kate Winslet, when it comes to handing out praise. Her portrayal of Ophelia is surprising in its depth of feeling, made only more outstanding knowledge of what it was only about 20 years old at the time! It looks to me like a very thin young actress around. Other super performers in random order are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Malone and Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz, respectively. Honorable Mention goes to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston, and Robin Williams, who manages to do business here successfully. Even Billy Crystal how the gravedigger. A member of one throw, which does not, for unknown reasons, Jack Lemmon. In the very first scene he is, and while the other three actors do a great job of setting the mood tense, Lemmon seems that he just running lines in rehearsal as a mercy. You know it must be a real dilemma for Branagh, as everything else about the film cries out that it is the work of a perfectionist. <br /> <br /> Do not be joking, talking about a four-hour film, but it seems to be just a little too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to go on a bit, if I may be so bold, and a bit of common scrap would be welcome. <br /> <br /> I forgot nothing but Patrick Doyle's score? Without a doubt, I did not. I just summarize by saying that Kenneth Branagh could have made the final version of the film "Hamlet", and it will be really monumental production that heads this.
