Moonchild very difficult film to categorize. It is easiest to think of it as some pictures of the lives of two central characters. The fact that these characters are members of a street gang, set in a multicultural city in the near future, and that one of them is a vampire does not exclude them from the points, as well as any other people, and this is one of those places where this film is different from all that I've ever heard. It does not get wrapped up in that one of the main characters is a vampire, it's just something that should be treated as any other problem. The way the characters interact surprisingly realistic- have embarrassing relatives and tricks that are designed to look cool, it just does not work that leaves a film with a great sense not to take itself too seriously, for the most part. <, Br /> <br /> in another area that really stands out for me is the language. The fictional town Mallepa contains various cultural groups and the characters speak in a language that they should speak. Japanese gang members speak Japanese with each other, but the Chinese have a conversation with the characters of Chinese origin. Perhaps the most amusing exchange includes Australian and conducted in English. Actors four main characters may have three separate native languages ​​between them, and speak different language levels of each other, so it's quite a feat, that the film was made at all. What I believe makes me the leading actors. <br /> <br /> Much has been made of the fact that the movie stars two of the biggest rock stars in Japan, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwanese superstar Lee-Hom Wang, whether to praise them for their actions or criticize him Fangirl or just about them. In my opinion, Lee-Hom is the best in the game right and realistic. However, any lack of ability on the part of the current Gackt largely masked by the fact that the character he plays is prone to overly dramatic. I was not sure if the character was Guides must be pouting and sarcastic as he stumbled, but it really does not detract from the film anyway. <br /> <br /> There are a few scenes that take a rather melodramatic turns, making it difficult for them to affect me very emotional (though it does not seem to stop a lot of people). I found it best to just enjoy the movie for what it is, and do not take it too seriously- This is ideal for release and watch a group of friends. It has its flaws, but overall it was very nice, and I highly recommend it to anyone who does not mind a few subtitles.
