Based on an idea by Gackt, Moon Child was held in the poverty-stricken country called Mallepa. In an action-packed as possible, the story followed the lives of two main characters, Kei (HYDE) and Sho (Gackt) and their friends grow up together. <br /> <br /> Despite some actions can be done too, or perhaps with a sense of humor I am firmly convinced that this is a film about friendship. Even among all the difficulties between each character, in the end, each of them wanted to have someone on their side to have one. <br /> <br /> In contrast to most of the characters, vampires, K portrayed vampire who hated the idea of ​​killing to live. Vampire found friendship in the hands of a little boy, Sho, who is not afraid of Kei. Regardless of what some might have thought, I see Kei as a father figure to Shaw. Kei was there for the whole previous life, Shaw, he took care of him and taught him to live in a world where power between the gangs in control of his life. On the other hand, Sho, which can perhaps be seen as an innocent enthusiasm of the young people of style, it has grown to be a man who understood that life is not all about fun and games, that death exists and is able to pick up their loved ones. <br /> <br /> I love the part where Lee Hom, the actor who plays the son, first appeared on the screen. How they met was pretty cool, actually. Son also has a great role in this film, the fact that he was of a different race, the Taiwanese have made quite an impact on the theme of friendship in the movie. How the friendship developed, despite the differences in background painted beautifully in this film. <br /> <br /> I thought that every actor has done a great job, considering that it was their first time to appear in a big screen movie. Both HYDE and Gackt was able to operate quite well and created a completely believable characters. Unlike film, which had a musician turned actor and a movie filled with songs, they did a great job of acting! Moon Child really had an impact on me, he gave a new meaning and friendly consideration that we have to cherish every friendship in our lives. The film shows great promise, in spite of all the bad things that happen in their lives, there is always hope. Life can be tough, it seems, hope no longer exists. It also shows a very strong sense of friendship with each other, even if the son became the enemy, Shaw also have some "fun" in his last fight. Each one of them does not want peace, in the end, no matter how far apart they became. The end of the scene showed us.
