Third cooperation for Karloff and Lugosi see a departure from Edgar Allan Poe, and in the series of science fiction. Karloff plays Dr. Janos movement created by the device which can capture the light rays through the telescope to Carpathians and transfer them to pictures that form a visual history of the universe. <br /> <br /> For a few people, including Lugosi as Dr. Bennett, in astro-chemist, who had previously mocked the theory of motion, he demonstrates the existence of an unknown radioactive element, here called "Radium X», which is contained in the meteor , which fell to Earth in dark Africa thousands of years ago, Karloff joins the expedition to prove his theory, but radium X is a complex compound - it is mountain level over long distances, and cures blindness in close proximity. Movement carelessly, however, poisons himself, glow in the dark, as well as those old commercials Ready Breck! Dr. Bennett is on hand to develop a counter-active to radiation, but the combination of poison and treatment of movement drives insanely paranoid. Convinced that he had been deceived, he is looking for members of the expedition in Paris, including his ex-wife, and his very touching, and in its radioactive state means death ... <br /> <br /> Along the way, we get old pseudo-scientific idea that the dead man's eyes in an image of the killer recording (surprisingly clear Karloff!) and Radium device X used symbolically melt the statues representing the members of the expedition. And even a touch of James Whale in Cockney housewife in Paris! <br /> <br /> Invisible Ray a lot of fun, except for opening the Gothic is interesting to see the effect of universal move around Africa and Paris. The film lacks pace, but always absorbing. Karloff slightly overdoes his performance, but Lugosi is terrific. Universal is used again the basic plot plan Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as the luminous threat (this time caused by the electricity) and Etuill how much madder doctor than Lugosi here. Invisible Ray dark and clever little film with very passionate about. Not so sure how other universal Horror, perhaps, but it works and is very interesting.
