Horror Gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than enough reason for any lover of the genre, to see the film, and even though they are the most convincing is not the only reason to watch this very small Sci-Fi / Horror stone. While Lambert Hilayer «The Invisible Ray» 1936 is not shared by most other modern sheen movies starring Karloff ( "Frankenstein" Bride of Frankenstein "," The Mummy ", ...) or Lugosi (" White Zombie "» Island Of the Lost Souls »," Dracula ", ...), or both (" Black cat, "" the Crow ", ...), then it is undoubtedly a very interesting film, which is not a cult movie buff you should not consider missing. compared to other Universal Horror picture, the plot seems a bit silly, but in a delightful manner. Karloff and Lugosi, of course, to shine, as always, and the film also came from the great scenery and excellent photos. Karloff plays Dr. Janos movement, a brilliant scientist who invented the technique to look into the past through a telescope, and concludes that the meteorite hit the Earth thousands of years ago. Stunned invention ANR, the famous French scientist Dr. Felix Bennett (Bela Lugosi), invites him to join the expedition to find the meteorite. in Africa, the Movement makes a discovery that may cause great kindness and great destruction, yes ... It is somewhat strange that Karloff, who was actually British, Hungarian scientist plays here and Lugosi, a Hungarian who was playing a French scientist, but they are beautifully, as usual. As far as I know, these two Horror Deity could probably have been removed by reading the phone book, and I'm sure they would have done something out of it - or people icons of the horror genre, and see them together is a treat for every fan genre. By the way, this is one of the few films, if not the only one in which it is obvious that Lugosi was actually higher than Karloff. Francis Drake does a very good actress in her role as the beautiful young wife of Dr. ANR. Other performances are also good, if not particularly worth mentioning. Besides casting Karloff and Lugosi, the greatest quality of the film is likely to atmosphere due to large installations and photographs, as well as the fine cheese and a very interesting story. My main complaint is that I wish I had more time on the screen, Lugosi, and its role is to be a little more important. He is fantastic, as always, but his role could be greater and more sinister. Otherwise, «The Invisible Ray» is surprisingly entertaining film, which should satisfy every fan of classic horror film / Sci-Fi movie and a must-see for all my colleagues Lugosi / Karloff supporters.
