Horror movies of the thirties, are better remembered always loved Dracula and Frankenstein; and there is very good reason for this, but there are a number of small, but nevertheless excellent performances, and an invisible beam is definitely one of them. The plot is not very original, and similar scenes were seen many times before (even in 1936), but so that all together, of course, a very creative and director Lambert Hilayer created a very nifty little original horror movie. The plot focuses on mellowness Dr. Janos movement; the man who found a way to recreate the history of the Earth. His discovery leads him to believe that there may be an unknown radioactive element somewhere in Africa, and so he goes along with the respected team of colleagues to find him. However, tragedy struck while on the expedition, and the good doctor ends up becoming exposed element; making it glow in the dark, and sends it with the mind ... <br /> <br /> The biggest draw of the movie, of course, is the fact that the stars are two of the biggest stars of the horror of his time - and Boris Karloff white Lugosi, and both give excellent performance. Karloff does show that he is a good actor and his character has a lot of meat for Karloff to impress. Bela Lugosi plays a role that is very different from what we are used to it and it's a great performance from him, too; it's nice to see a bit of the universality of Lugosi. The film really go out on a rather slow start; but things quickly begin to pick up. The second half of the film is the best, and this is actually when the movie becomes interesting and Karloff gets a chance to shine (literally). The film does not put the emphasis on big special effects and is largely dependent on the actions of the main character, to keep things interesting; and it works very well. The film remains interesting throughout and reduced to a very decent Climax, which covers all beautiful. In general, the invisible beam may not be one of the best horror films of the thirties; but it's a very good friend, and comes recommended.
