Well, pay attention to the people who put together these horrors acting legends DVD-collection: I am really very grateful, and I very much support the initiative, but ?? You even watched the films before choosing them as part of a collection? When I bought a collection of Boris Karloff had a few films in which star has played only a minor role, and supporting ( "Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). "The Invisible Ray", however, is part of the collection of Bela Lugosi, and this is actually Boris Karloff, who overshadows Bel! In fact, it would be a great title for a collection of Boris Karloff instead! the character of Bela Lugosi, quite possibly the most good-natured and a serious one, he never painted during his entire career, and good old Karloff actually plays a crazy and dangerously obsessed scientist here. "The Invisible Ray" includes three main chapters. The first, located in Dr. Janos HP Carpathian castle rather boring and requires a lot of patience to the viewer, but, of course, the nature of the image and the subject discussed here are of fundamental importance for the rest of the film. Dr. Movement (Karloff) demonstrates several eminent colleagues (among them Bela Lugosi as Dr. Bennett), how he managed to capture the alien rays within its own production unit. Scientists genuinely impressed by his work and invite movement and his lovely wife Diana together for an expedition into the heart of Africa. There Dr. movement isolates itself from the group discovers an essential element "Radium X», to complete his medical and beam passes completely crazy after overexpose the meteorite itself. The third and final act, obviously, is the best and the most terrible one, as it rotates at a good old-fashioned murder spree with ingenious tricks (melting statue) and a strange climax. Karloff glows in the dark, and making sure that others, to steal his discovery, and even his life, he is going to eliminate them using their deadly touch. Narration «The Invisible Ray» structure sounds very complicated, but the film is very easy to follow and fun. The story is quite far-fetched, but nonetheless convincing and director Lambert Hilayer gives a few points clear of the unknown. Boris Karloff is really fantastic and so Lugosi, despite the fact that he deserves to have a little more screen time. Their scenes together key moments of the film, along with cool designs glowing Boris.
