Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi made many films together, but as a whole (which is interesting) Karloff is usually the best man of the two. The real exception to the "Black Cat" (1934), where Karloff plays the evil head of the devil stump, and Lugosi seeks revenge for the destruction of his life. But more commonly, the "Black Friday", which (whatever its motive) Karloff trying to improve brain surgery, and Lugosi is a murderous thug. In «The Raven» Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who blackmails Karloff to help his evil plans to Karloff, finally had enough. Occasionally they are both negative characters completely. In «The Body Snatcher», Karloff whether to kill Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> With one exception, when they were both very sympathetic, but contrary to each other is a 1936 film, I feel, rarely had the recognition of the audience some of the other films that I mentioned. This Karloff Dr. Janos movement is controlled by the rigid scientific genius who was abused as "official" by the scientific community for his theory that a rare form of welcome in Nigeria to the meteorite landed centuries ago. He finally received the support of a well-financed expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Bela Bondi), and there is also a scientist, a Frenchman by the name of Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi), a young wife ANR Diana (Frances Drake) and a friend and protege with Stevenses Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). <br /> <br /> Before leaving, the Movement warned by his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper), that he may seek wisdom, he should not, and it could end in tragedy. He tries to dismiss it, but he was concerned that she says that his scientific standing, and whether or not he's going to get his due credit. <br /> <br /> What he gets is a disaster. He finds the substance, but it is a great infected radioactivity. He believes that it burns slowly, and when he tries to touch people or animals, they die. He actually created a friendship or understanding with Bennett, who figures out the type of radioactive cocktail of combat use, to withstand danger for Ruch. But there are two things that are undefeated here. The antidote can last only for a certain period of time and must be replenished. And radioactivity has affected NIA brain. He is more and more jealous of the friendship of Diana Ronald (encouraged, unfortunately, Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and he was equally upset by the fact that (because it has to pretend that he died - the effects of radioactivity, as) Bennett and collect a few other prestige of the wonders that "Radium X» gives a person. Soon Traffic on a rampage killer that destroys the lives of many people, ending his own. <br /> <br /> The film is, of course, I took the science to such an extent. Madame Curie died recently from cancer, she received due to work with radium. Few people fully understand the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but some idea of ​​its release. The wave of assassinations of motion causes the newspaper to talk about the "curse" on the expedition. Of course, the idea of ​​"damned" expedition (in Africa) for the hidden treasures buried centuries ago, funded titled Englishman, we entered archeology Sun physics or geology (paging Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Beet trying to solve the cause of the series of deaths, and returns to the idea that it was actually demolished in 1888 in England. During the Whitechapel murders, Sir Charles Warren ordered the retina of several of the dead victims to take pictures, to see if the last image on the retina was Jack the Ripper. It turned out that he had just received a photo of the retina of the dead prostitutes. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne used it in his novel "The Brothers Kip" in 1899, but Dr. Bennett uses it. As this science fiction story, it is the image of the Movement at the plate, but Bennett loses the plate accidentally and crumbles. <br /> <br /> The film is good in many ways, the most interesting thing to change Karloff and Lugosi entirely unsympathetic towards each other. There is a type of tragic fatalism in this story that is not in his other films. The other characteristics are good, and, particularly, Ms Kemble Cooper. She is best remembered as a scary sister of Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield." Here is her last act is the only way to bring this tragedy to the end, and who can say that it does not hurt more than its goal.
