There is no doubt that in the decade of 30's, the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi became a reliable guarantee of excellent performance in high-quality horror films. After Universal's "the first monster" in the seminal classic, "Dracula" Bel Lugosi became the quintessential horror villain thanks to his elegant style and his foreign accent (unfortunately, this last factor also led him to be type cast for 40 -x s). In the same way, Boris Karloff performance in James "Frankenstein" whale turned him into a man to look for when one wants a good monster. Of course, it was only natural for these icons to eventually splitting the screen, and the film that united them was the 1934 "Black Cat". This formula is repeated in several films, ten years later, and the mixture director Lambert Hilayer in horror and science fiction, "The Invisible Ray" is one of those minor classics, which they did in those years. <br /> <br /> In "The Invisible Ray" Dr. Janos Movement (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who invented a device capable of showing the scene of the past of our planet, captured in the rays of light coming from the Andromeda galaxy . Demonstrating his invention of his colleagues, Dr. Felix Bennett (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), they discover that thousands of years ago, a meteorite hit that is currently in Nigeria. After this wonderful discovery, Dr. Movement decides to join his colleagues in the expedition to Africa in search of a place of landing of a mysterious meteor. This expedition would not be useful to the Movement, since during the expedition by his wife Diane (Frances grappel) fall in love with Ronald grappel (Frank Lawton), an expert hunter brought Stevens to help them in their expedition. Nevertheless, the movement will lose more than his wife on this trip, he will forever be changed after contact with an invisible beam of a meteor. <br /> <br /> Author: John Colton (who previously made the scenario of "Werewolf in London"), "The Invisible Ray" has its roots in the original stories of science fiction Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodge. Given that this was a film with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton puts a lot of attention on the side of his horror stories, playing in a very efficient way with a mad scientist archetype and add a good dose of melodrama to revive. One element that makes "The Invisible Ray" to stand out amongst other horror films of the era, this is the way that Colton plays with morality through history. That is not exactly the heroes and villains in classic style, but the people who make decisions, and then face the consequences of that choice. In many ways, "The Invisible Ray» is a modern tragedy about obsessions, guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> seasoned director of low-budget B-movies, directed by Lambert Hilayer got a chance to make 3 films for Universal Pictures, where legendary studio was faced with serious financial problems. With his experience, which works with limited resources, Hillyer films have always been very good looking, in spite of budgetary constraints and "The Invisible Ray" was no exception. Although nowhere near stylish gothic atmosphere of the previous Ecumenical horror movies, the film captures the essence Hillyer Effective Colton scenario, as it gives the film a dark and painful mood more in the tone of pulp novels than fantastic. Finally, a word must be said about Hillyer use of special effects: for extremely low-budget film, they look much better than those in several A-movie era <br /> <br /> As usual. film with Lugosi and Karloff, performances of this legend are of exceptional quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is just perfect in the image of man, so blinded by devotion to his work, he does not see the evil he unleashes. Like his colleague, Dr. Bennett, Bela Luogis is simply a joy to watch, stealing every scene he is in, and showing that he was an underrated actor. As HP's wife, Francis Drake is an extremely effective, it really helps the character to become more than a damsel in distress. However, two of the highlights of the film are the performances Kemble Cooper as the mother of movement, and Bel Bondi as Lady Arabella, as the two actresses make the most of his limited screen time, which makes them memorable supporting role. Frank Lawton is also good in his role, but not surprising, if not in comparison with the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> If we judge this film by today's standards, it's very easy to dismiss this as another cheap sci-fi film with bad special effects and carelessly mixed pseudoscience. Nevertheless, it would be a mistake, because, despite the low budget, it's surprisingly well-done for their time. On top of that, given that the film was made, when the nuclear era was about to begin, and the radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, this idea about the dangers of radioactivity frighteningly accurate. And the last thing worthy of note is a fun way the script handles the relationship between the characters, especially the friendship and rivalry that exists between the obsessive Dr. Movement and cold Dr. Bennett, as this allows a great scene between the two iconic actors. <br /> <br /> while far from gothic expressionism films "Frankenstein" or an elegant suspension of "Black Cat", "The Invisible Ray" Lambert Hilayera certainly a minor classic among Universal Pictures directory "in horror. With one of the most interesting scenarios 30th horror, this mixture of suspense, horror and science fiction one seriously underrated gem that even now provides a good dose of entertainment tenderly two of the most amazing actors horror genre has ever been: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
