I'm sure not many people outside of Australia ever heard the legend of Ned Kelly. I once saw a documentary about a man, but it's the only time I ever saw or heard anything about it. And I think that this may be the biggest problem of this film will face. Nobody knows anything about it, and probably not many people will care about the subject. <br /> <br /> The film tells about the life of Ned Kelly. Irish immigrants living in the north-west Victoria all his life, but had never been very much welcomed by the authorities. The police always blames him everything they can think of, and they continue to harass his family. If Kelly tired of how things are going, he forms a gang with his brother and two other people. They start robbing banks, and even take over the city for 3 days. All this violence leads to human hunting, organized by the police and when they kill three police officers, they are outlawed. Finally, they take the pub in Glenrowan, where they have a party with all the visitors, waiting for a train full of police slope on the road section, they broke up. But the train is able to stop in time because someone warns them that followed a battle of life and death between the police and four armed men ... <br /> <br /> It is very difficult to say, all that is shown in the film with ' It is true or false. I believe that in fact no one knows, because there will always be two camps which will each tell their own truth: One camp says that he was a hero, a kind of Robin Hood, others will say that he was a common criminal, a murderer and a thief, I really can not tell which of them is right, maybe there is, but what I can tell you that the facts stated in the film, as well as a documentary was about the same. <br /> <br /> This film was a good addition to the documentary I once saw, and I really enjoyed the performance of all participants. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush, all the actors who are relatively well known, but even less well-known actors in this production shows that they all know that good play actors should look. I really liked this movie, and I give it a 7.5 / 10
