Finishing this movie a couple of weeks ago from the local library, which was originally intended to see this or a few days after Memorial Day, I finally see Sayonara just this morning. In this Marlon Brando plays Major Lloyd «Ace» Gruver, son of a general, who was raised a certain way, being transferred from Korea to Japan, where his girlfriend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) opportunity. Before leaving, he tries to convince one of his men, Joe Kelly (red button) from marrying Japanese Katsumi (Miyoshi Umki) as a violation of the laws of war fraternization. With its romantic and Eileen on outs, however, Ace not only become a better person at Joe and Katsumi wedding, he falls in love with the most Asia after he and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) out of the city and see Headlining Entertainer khanate OGI (Such Miike) on the stage. Bailey found himself one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiki Kuba). Eileen itself seems to fancy one of Kabuki performers, Nakamura (Montalbano). I'll stop right out and say that it was mostly a compelling drama about prejudice against the US-Asian relations of the novel, which was very moving from start to finish. Even seeing Hispanic Montalban plays Oriental is not very uncomfortable (although this is a good thing, it is often not enough). And there are some nice touches of humor, like Brando's head hitting the top of the key and in the doorway Umeki several times. Red and Miyoshi deserve their own Oscar red especially with his daring and proud emotion throughout. Rookie Garner, before you throw in his legendary role in the TV «Marverick», well in his scenes with Brando and Miike It shows great restraint in its original characteristics as the anti-American. While I read there were some changes from the novel by James Michener, I can not imagine the director Josha Logan, who previously received other Michener work in the Broadway musical "South Pacific" and eventually make it into a movie, instead of staying true to the original source. He certainly provided some inspiration to end scenes that made the heartbreaking tragedy earlier in the film several required plot twist. Some of the production numbers could have made the film a bit long, but otherwise, Sayonara is was a wonderful educational experience of the 50th manners penetrated America and Japan at this time.
