There are a few movies that leave me with the feeling that made the film Gregory Jordan's "Ned Kelly". At first I heard only half of the heart the recommendations and decided to see it for yourself. Since then, I have purchased both the video and audio track, and I must say that after a few views, I am still very impressed with the main character of this film. also nice to see that some Australian! I appreciate his down to earth quality that, if you ask me, it is a rarity, and the lack of stickiness, which takes on many films. This film proves that you do not necessarily need fancy costumes and glamorous set, which absorbs, how many millions of dollars to make a point. The cast was a bonus, including a variety of well-known, and I might add, good-looking people, who did well to slip into the role of such unique characters. It is interesting to note that most of the criticism about this film was about who played what and how they just said so many lines. However, if any criticism is due, it must be constructive to focus on the fact that a number of basic elements of initial events were excluded. In fact, they functioned made it a distinctive feature that it is in Australia's history. For example, a closer look reveals that there was much, much more the relationship between Joe Byrne and Sheritt Aaron, and that it was in fact responsible for many of the other outcomes for the gang than were studied in the film. Also keep in mind the fact that this effort is not only Aaron Sheritt alone ensured the Victorian Police with their insights into the unfolding mystery. Yes, it is their interpretation of history, and it is quite clear that the real stories require sensationalism and sometimes a modification of the original plot to grab the attention of viewers. I feel that in this case, is the only limit. Nevertheless, I can accept that, perhaps, historical accuracy is only important for those who have a special interest in the situation realistic events. This, of course, has inspired me to look more closely. Yes, I watch it and decide for yourself. You could not do it, that's my opinion, and that is good. Maybe this is a film that appeals mainly to the Australian audience? For me, I would call it a breath of fresh air!
