Due to reading bad reviews and friends say that they could not believe how bad it was, I did not go and see this movie in the cinema. After watching it on DVD, I have to say that I regret that now. I'm not saying that it's brilliant, but I would venture to say that this is a good movie. I enjoyed it. <br /> <br /> People thicker skull helmet Ned, when they go to see a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. If you read the real story behind the majority of films based on historical figures, as a rule, there is a huge difference between fact and fictional figure. I do not think Kahn Ganghis never again drew even remotely close to historical fact. What man Ned Kelly was actually a matter of debate, and it seems very hot. Despite the efforts of the government and some historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Legends history and stories tell how many of those who speak and listen to them as they are about the actual record. Ned Kelly has become such a popular personality, because it really is this aspect of Australian culture that does not trust or accept power. A society in which there is no dissent or challenge authority is crazier and more dangerous than any bushreynzher. <br /> <br /> So do not expect it to be accurate restoration of the historic Kelly Gang, I really found it strange unused and refreshing film. It was a sentimental and romantic, but, fortunately, not anywhere as cheesy as it might be; to my fellow Australians watch «The Lighthorseman», and you will see what I mean (sorry, so the story was treated so badly). Perhaps the love of business could be left in a bit more detail in other areas, such as the firing of patrol. Oddly enough, I actually enjoyed the movie because of this, because it would be the details that most of the attention to the history of Ned living. And they are a part of history that are best discovered by reading the various points of view, these different historians. <br /> <br /> This film will always have a hard time having to compromise by appealing to the world cinema market (pay tablets) and legends, as it means that the Aussie; perhaps a bit of the spirit of Ned in the film, because I think that rebelled against the expectations of the people and, unfortunately, missed both goals. Fortunately, it's made for a pleasant strangeness of the film. For me it was the unexpected appearance of the film on Neda and that is why I liked it. performance of Orlando Bloom did a lot for the film too - it really added something. I think he enjoyed to be a monster instead of a beautiful elf to change. <br /> <br /> If you think some of the other films that are much worse than this, your opinion of this film should be reconsidered. Send it to me on DVD for Christmas, not Croc Dundee or the man with the Snowy River at any time.
