There must be a few years after it was released, so I do not know why it was in the movies. But as a child I enjoyed it. I just found a videotape of Superman and the Mole Men at a flea market and decided to watch it again (it was many years). I was not expecting much, and now knowing how B films were made at that time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find a very watchable film and acting on all outstanding. Conventional action in these films, such as leaves much to be desired. It is surprising that the letter was not bad. Forget about the fact that Superman left the order and sequence could have pushed all of their cigarette butts in the beginning, because the story would have ended then, is not it? Well, the mole men suits were fake and not very scary (they do not even scare me as a child). However, making allowance for the likely low budget for the background and costumes, it was a job well done by all. I found the sheriff as soon as The Old Ranger from Death Valley Days and a variety of supporting roles in television westerns. J. Farrell MacDonald played old pop and has always been a great actor in more movies than I can count. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were familiar faces, as well as other films. You know the old doctor, as the ship's captain, who went to get the King Kong? You learned a little girl rolling a ball Molln men as Lisset Sears in Old Yeller? Some of Molln men were also known. Jerry Maren played McCheese mayor for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, was a Munchkin that gave Dorothy a lollipop, was on an episode of Seifeld and many other works. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable part of Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter, it was one of the friends who met the star man is reduced to incredible, he was a part in the movie, I just luckily grabbed at a flea market called My Gal Sal Rita Hayworth , The Wizard of Oz and many other parts - a great actor. John was also Brambury Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in the film, there was no doubt in great part and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent is Superman. He did a great job of playing a strong man. The result of all that I have said that this film is worth watching because of the acting and writing in a rather far-fetched idea for the film. But it was the '50s and everything was possible against intruders from outer space Mole men with interior space. It is definitely worth a look, there is not a bad actor in the group. Who would put actors together was very, very fortunate to have so many talented actors in the film type B. Some already had experience and some were going to get a wealth of experience - but all were gifted. So if you get a chance to see the film, forget Dopey costumes and just enjoy the excitement and action. Is it a bird? It's a plane? No, just a good, old-fashioned film to enjoy!
