I used to watch it on any HBO or Showtime or Cinemax for one summer in the mid-90s, my parents subscribed to these channels. I ran into him a few times in different places and there was always a dark, strange and exciting. I was then young, in my early teens; and now years later after discovered a large Arliss Howard and future deflate "Big Bad Love» I bought a DVD from «Wilder Napalm» and re-watched it with my girlfriend for the first time in many years. I absolutely loved it! I was really impressed and affected by it. There are so many dynamic fluid complexity and ingenuity in camera movements and cinematography; all of which are perfectly gel with the intellectual, intense and immediate chemistry between the three leads, their history, music, and all other participants as well. It really is «Cinematic». I love the subtle intensity of Arliss Howard, dual power and hidden intelligence, I'm a big fan of everything he does; and its interaction with manic joy Debra Winger (they are, of course, married) is that the magic charming reality is something that passes by the camera. (I wonder when they see it on the wedding anniversary ....... «Big Bad Love» should be the next stop for those who have not seen it ,? This is brilliant.) And Dennis Quaid in full clown makeup secretly entered , corner, hidden and displayed when shooting in full bloom and the delivery of the kind of pure dark movie magic you do not see very often. Quaid has always had a sinister quality to it for me, in any case, with this huge span slot mouth, hiding his eye flicker in wait to reveal himself as either a mischievous charm or strangeness devilish (here, as well). And Howard and Quaid are furious fire for the eyes to get a perfect intense internal Gunslinger square-off in a dark cool fashion. In fact, the entire film has a cool, dark energy and the intensity of the thigh. It really is a fantastic film, put together by the intellect, imagination, dexterity, and chemistry of all parties involved. I really can not imagine how it got financing, and it looks quite expensive for me, such a conventional, imagination less system, but I thank God movies like this slip through the system every once in a while. In a big way, with all of its day-Glo bright carnival colors, hip intelligence, darkly distorted the true humor and fun chemistry it reminds me of one of my favorite films of all time: «Grosse Pointe Blank» ...... .now it's a compliment in my book!
