At the height of Racism Row «Celebrity Big Brother" in 2007 (with the participation of Shilpa Shetty and Jade Goody later), I condemn in the online forum of the "CBB" fans who were eager to show, after many years of bashing "racist" "comedies 70- s such as "Curry & Chips" and "Love your neighbor." I thought that they were hypocritical, and said so. "it is not half hot mum", was then thrown into the dispute, with some showing he starred English actor blacked up . Well, yes, but Michael Bates lived in India, as a boy, and spoke Urdu freely. detractors show come to reality, he led . In his work as a carrier of "Rangi Ram" Famous Indian actor character, Ren Setenil, said in 1995, the documentary "Perry and Croft: The Series", that he was upset when he heard Bates got the role, but added: "No Indian actor could play this role, and Bates" Really .. <br /> <br /> «Mama" was Perry and Croft companion show to "Dad's army",. and set in wartime tables English town Walmington-On-Sea was replaced by hot, evaporate the jungles of India, in particular, in a place called Deolali, where the army concert party sets a show for the troops, among them Bombadier Solomon (George Layton, his first sitcom role as "doctor"), the gunner's "Gloria" Camp Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes) Diminutive gunner "Lofty" Sugden, "LPG-de- roof »Gunner Graham (John Clegg) and gunner Parkins (deceased Christopher Mitchell). Led this gang of misfits was belligerent sergeant Williams (brilliant Windsor Davies), who held them all as a «poofs». His disappointment at not being able to keep their people in the jungle to destroy the enemy in battle made him bitter and abuse (although it was nice to Parkins, which he considered to be his illegitimate son!). Then it was all so English Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and dim-witted Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). Rangi was a wise old sage, since each show, talking to the camera and the closing quote of the little-known Hindu proverb. He liked to be the bearer of this, he began to consider himself almost British. His friends were making tea Char Wallah (late Dean Shafiq, who went «Mind Your Language») and a tug of war Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). So that the real signs of the Indians in the show - one more thing to ignore his detractors. Shafeek also provided that has been described in the credits as "vocal interrupt" (by analogy with "40s songs are used as the incidental music to" Dad's Army "). Each edition closed with him trill «Land Of Hope & Glory" only to be silenced symbol 'Shut Up! From Williams. Excellent opening theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Although never really caught up, "Dad's Army "in the affected public," mother "after all, it was popular enough to operate a total of eight seasons. in 1975, Davis and Estelle topped the charts with a cover version of the old chestnut" Whisper a Grass ". Then they recorded an entire album of old chestnuts entitled (what else?) «Sing elevation!». <br /> <br /> show the crisis hit point by m th years, when Bates died of cancer. Rather than recast the role of "rank", the authors simply let it be quietly forgotten. If George Leighton departed, the nature of "Gloria" has taken its place as a "Bombadier", providing another source of comedy. <br /> <br /> in the last edition in 1981 saw the soldiers to leave India by boat to Blighty, semi-Wallah watching as they go with great sadness (as spectators). <br /> <br /> Replays were not enough, and far from each other (mostly British Gold) all because of the so-called "fancy" reputation. It's weird. On the one hand, the show was not specifically about racism. If the white man blacked up so wrong, why David Lean 1984 movie "go to India" still get on TV? (It featured Alec Guinness, as an Indian, and won two Oscars!). It was derived from the personal experience of Jimmy Perry. Some of the characters were based on real people (Sergeant Major really treat their people as «poofs»). I take the view that if you're going to put the story on television, to get it right. Sanitation past, no matter how dubious it may seem to modern audiences, is not fundamentally dishonest. "Mama" was both funny and true, and viewers saw it. Thank God for D.V.D. I'm talking years. Time to stop the review. Williams would say: "I'm not fond of gossip in the jungle!"
