It is during the war Sitko says Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the best television program ever Dads Army, was not as good as the Pope's army, but still very, very funny. <br /> <br /> This is a concert group in India. Most episodes were about BSM Williams (Windsor Davies) trying to get the concert party, which he called as puffs ligament posted jungle. He was always bad, as a vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and stupid captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) was a big fan of the concert party. Concert party consisted of Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), Ginger Rogers simulator Gunner «Gloria» Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), University educated pianist Gunner «Lee de so» Gunner Graham, also known as Padarouski (John Clegg), singer Gunner « hill "Sugdno, Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (the Williams Parkins thought was his son, he was totally wrong), a big eater Gunner« Nosher »Evans and animal simulator (in Kenneth MacDonald), it was not Percy Edwards. In addition, an active part in the adventures have been faithful Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates), a Char-Wallah and hanging beads-Wallah (Dean Shafiq and Babar Bhatti) Ram gives excellent support. <br /> <br /> show, just as Dads Army left many catchy phrases. Rangi Ram said it suspended waved Wallah "Do not be so smart Dickie," and he has finished a lot of the show saying, "This is a very old Indian proverb for example, if a woman, who are dealing with the best friend, it does not stop your home from fire," This It was the Williams, but who had the most catchphrases. he will always shout «Shuddup !!!!!», they say, "Oh, how boring, had no objection" and when talking to the gunner Graham, he's always talking sarcastically in a posh accent. <br /> <br /> This show does not enjoy the same recognition as the dads army. This is probably due to the Problems taste it: it is seen as rude Williams homophobic calling his men "puffs", although it must be said Williams sad In addition, some people think that there is a racial element of humor, using the fact that Michael Bates darkened to play the ranks.. frames (Bates was actually born in India, although it spoke Urdu, before he spoke in English), so that the BBC would feel a little awkward having it, despite the fact that the vast majority of people who actually actually watch the show agree that the show is not rasis so, I know who is half Indian, and they do not have the slightest offended and decided, like I did, it was a very funny show. When I see the episode for the first time, I laugh, probably more than I have for any other comedy, but if I see that the second time around, I do not laugh all that much, but no matter how many times I see Dad army I laugh a lot of times in the episode <br /> <br /> The best episode :. The road to Bani Series 1, Episode 7
