7 if you kid- 6, if you claim that adult. It is a semi-sequel to the Lion King sees to tighten the side characters Timone and Pumba, a retelling of the original story through their eyes, including the story of how they met. In the great tradition of Disney, humbly made for, and sometimes TV series involving minor characters adventures of their biggest hits. You can be as skeptical as you want about it, but the kids and fans of the series, most likely, do not worry; enough of them jokes and songs and interesting things, to ensure that it is one of the few above average sequels. This works because a lot of the charm of the favorite of the central characters, fast-paced, in-jokes with the first film, and for older viewers, there are some funny jokes. Animation is as good as ever when a little less bright than the original, but the story here is all about taking it easy, Hakuna Matata. <br /> <br /> Timone and Pumba decided to watch the events of the first film, often stopping in the middle of the movie joke about it often as a real audience. We see how Timone is almost a pariah, he feels that he does not fit in and decides to go looking for what he sees, to find your perfect home. On the way he meets FUIB, another outcast, and they become friends. Soon, they meet Simba Cub Lion, natural predator T and P, but they form a trio. However, if Simba realizes that he must follow his destiny and to leave the group, it is for others to decide whether to help or not, and how. Of course, the usual elements of Disney and the theme here, friendship, good and evil, etc. The plot is simple, but works on many levels, making it smarter than the average animated film. How are CG movies, the traditional form of the Disney must become more intelligent, but do not forget about the roots that made them popular. Toy Story, and all that has come since then was smart, with jokes to suit all ages, and it seems this is how the market is changing. Nevertheless, there will always be a place for films like this and you can not go wrong buying this for young people. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
