Shining is surprising adaptation example: it has very little in common with the original novel written by Stephen King, but it is widely remembered as one of the best rendition of cinematographic works in master horror. This is due to two factors: the imperious direction of Stanley Kubrick and chilly action <br /> <br /> Jack Nicholson Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who takes care of the Overlook hotel in Canada, in winter, is not affected. horror stories surrounding the place: he asserts that good, isolated place just what he needed to finish his new book. Therefore Overlook becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son Denis (Danny Lloyd). The boy, in particular, the senses from the beginning that something was wrong: it was said to the cook, Dick O »Hallorann (Scatman Crothers), that he is endowed with a mysterious psychic energy, titular Shining that enables people like him and Dick to see the flash from the past and the future, among other things. Because of this "gift", the forces that inhabit the hotel immediately ask Denis, despite the fact that he is quite able to resist them. This is not a case of Jack, however, it is becoming more and more paranoid about the defeat of his wife and seeks solace in the company that can best be defined as a ghost, causing madness and terror chain, which is very hard to break. <br /> <br /> Shining works as a horror film, because Kubrick, even though they never worked on this kind of film before, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, therefore, a greater emphasis on atmosphere and psychological turmoil than gore and creative bloodshed, King criticized the director to change most of the stories, omitting most of the scene Jack / Denis (only hinted at in the film), which led to an emotionally powerful climax of the book, and while his disappointment in force, the omission it was actually need: a novel p zglyadaetstsa a ransom, though in an unconventional way, and redemption theme Kubrick, one of the most well-known analysts of human rot, never had a soft spot for. What he is interested in the mental and then physical imbalances that threaten the characters, and it holds tons of terrible, even through very cold approach and the expert use of the Steadicam shot (Denis collision with two ghostly twins is the best example.) <br /> <br /> Another criticism raised was the King of the actors, especially Nicholson: according to the author, his trademark smile at the beginning of the film seemed to show Jack was already crazy, thereby undermining the rest of the story. Now, it is true that Nicholson looks a little confused at the beginning, but it is also true that Martin Sheen (King the perfect choice for the role), probably would not be able to deliver a performance as bad as Nicholson: since he starts grinning more alarming than before, to the immortal "that's Johnny!" scene, it is impossible to imagine another actor playing this role, and even though the TV version shining since 1997 not bad character Torrance indelibly linked from One Flew over the Cuckoo's star. As for Duval Lloyd, and add amazing support, the latter is especially worthy place alongside Harvey Stephens (Damien Omen in) and Osment as a child horror cinema icons. You can complain about Duval to be completely different from the book counterpart (light and beautiful), and not having much else to do but to scream and run, but two things should be considered: a) in 1980 the cliché WASN «scream queen" "t another ; b) rarely has any actress looked genuinely scared of the camera, making no distinction of the book cinema secondary in comparison with the real fear that comes out of the Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Irvine Welsh, author of the needle, once I said, there is no such thing as an absolutely faithful adaptation of any literary work (and he should know, given the freedom of Danny Boyle took when his junkie masterpiece was brought to the screen) but this does not mean that the film is necessarily a bad thing. Shining prove the specified point of excellence: very little of the novel, about 5% are included in the film, but in the cabin and Nichlolson his hands the master in a loose cinematic translation has become one of the best, most paintings of all time, the original horror that something really says given the current poor form of the genre.
