Sometimes it ahead of The Thing, as my favorite horror film. While Carpenter film is more effective and entertaining film, Kubrick was more artistic, more thought-provoking, and it's probably worse. This is one of the few movies where I can look past its flaws and truly and completely love it. I try not to compare it to the book ?? I only read once, some years ago, and that scared me to death ?? because the two do not have much in common, except the stories and characters obviously. It's almost as if Kubrick tilt to people's love of the novel to make it scarier film. And so this is definitely one of the most interesting book adaptations ever made, as well as one of the greatest horror films. <br /> <br /> What makes the film so scary not jump scares, not blood, and blood, and not the various ghosts that appear from time to time. This destruction of Jack Torrance. Some people complained about the casting of Nicholson in the role, saying it was too obvious that he was going to go crazy in the movie, given his past role and its appearance. I do not agree. We know that he's going to go crazy ?? since most of us have read the book ?? and the emergence of Jack only contributes to this concept. But this is how it works at the beginning of what makes us truly scary. He is calm, quiet and patient. He is involved in meaningless small talk with the managers of hotels and even with his own family. And with his wife and son, as annoying as it is, it's amazing that he managed to do it. But as soon as he gets into the Overlook, it changes. He becomes irritable, angry, on edge. The scene, which always amazes me when Wendy interrupted his gathering, and he loses her, telling her to "leave it alone f ***". This is the first e-bomb dropped in the film, and it's a shock to the system. Since then, all bets are off. <br /> <br /> Another thing I love is the set of interpretations that are present in the film. We are never quite sure if what we see is actually happening. Many critics have noted that every time Jack is talking to a ghost, a mirror is present, showing that he can also talk with yourself. But what of the other characters? Wendy never see anything to climax of the film, until she looked at many ghostly inhabitants, but it is well aware that something is wrong, while Danny connects with the place almost immediately. His mental strength is not in question ?? how else would Hallorann know to come to the hotel? ?? but he will never see any of the ghosts of his parents witness? It is easy to say that Jack simply loses its being trapped in the hotel with his family, and later Wendy does, ?? seeing your husband tried to kill you with an ax will do ?? but Denis? It turns out that his body takes on Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these characters are not reliable witnesses. Hallorann, it is likely to be, and he warns of the danger in the 237, but he died as soon as he arrives in the Overlook (panic reaches Kubrick playing on assumptions novel supporters). And the last shot. Was there ever a more mysterious ending of a movie? My Jack really was there before? Or his body is simply "absorbed" in the hotel? When it comes to acting in this film, any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most annoying played in cinematic history ?? probably with the aim to give the character of Jack's more reason to snap ?? and Danny Lloyd is not better, but Jack Power. Part method, part improvisation, it is both monstrous and attractive. For better or worse, he is a character with whom we identify with, not annoying child or a nagging wife. We all want to have a hotel for themselves during the season, to be able to do what we want. Who cares if he has to? Of course, the technical aspects are terrific. Kubrick takes a long, strange angles and eccentric images contribute to the horror. The use of color, mirror, long corridors, and any other motive only reinforces this. And do not even get me started on that. I do not know when the film will be half as scary without this obsessive, electronic melodies. His strangeness hotel perfectly captures the mood and the entire film himself. <br /> <br /> I know that the king did not like this film, but the entrance to the King of the movie there is nothing to brag about. How big of a novel writer he may be, his script is horrible, and his attempt at directing better left unseen. This is not a very faithful adaptation of the book, but it should not be, and it really should not be. Part of the horror movie is that the viewer is not my books, to return; NO encouraging starting material. Kubrick skillfully changed the story even more scare the viewer. If only for the fact that it is one of the most innovative films in any genre. And it has everything else on top of it.
