Shining begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) in an isolated hotel management called «Overlook» is located high in the mountains of Colorado for an interview with his manager Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) about becoming a Winter overseer. Ullman, Jack says that he will be responsible for the main contents of the hotel, but it is almost completely isolated from the rest of the world for six months in the harsh winter sets. Together with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and young son Danny (Danny Lloyd), Jack moved to the hotel in the first all seems well, this beautiful hotel is absolutely huge, and everything they need at their disposal. However, the hotel Overlook dark past with the previous caretaker murder of his entire family before committing suicide & Denis ~ d has the ability to "shine", which means that he has psychic powers that allow him to see and hear the "normal" people stuff can not. In the days, weeks and months begin to pass Jack becomes more and more crazy, Danny continues to "see" things & people while Wendy becomes violent, it does not have a clue what was going on in her family, as a heavy snowstorm leaves them trapped Jack finally lost it ... <br /> <br /> this British production was co-written, co-produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick, and is a great horror film. It turns out that Shining another film that exists in two different versions, different and one I will comment on the shorter European incision that runs just under 2:00 in length. The script for Kubrick and Diane Johnson, based on the novel by Stephen King, who I have not read, so I can not compare them, goes to the psychological horror, not only with the visual one murder throughout the film. There is very little character in The Shining with Jack, Wendy and Danny only ones that really matter, as the film focuses almost exclusively on them you care about them, engage with them and what they go through. The pace is somewhat slow, but this is one film that did not feel that long and keeps you interested throughout. On the negative side, I do not think that the reasoning behind Jack goes crazy and wants to kill his family was strong enough to convince me that Jack escapes from the freezer without explaining my error and I do not know if I missed something but that the end does not make any sense to me at all, I'm still trying to figure out what this picture is! There is very little in the way of violence or gore, a few rotten zombie ghosts and someone is killed with an ax, but Shining is a horror film that does not need to rely on blood and special effects, as it has a gripping story with a budget of about $ 19000000 shining technically flawless as one would expect from an obsessive filmmaker like Kubrick, cinematography is brilliant with some fantastic free flowing and smooth Steadicam arrows, the camera is easy to follow a character through a maze of corridors, sets look exactly real and instead of clichéd old haunted house theme, like dark corners, basements and Kubrick web brings things up to date with the lighted corridors, massive expansive open space and modern decor (and 80 is a modern, easy to check that the red toilet outside! ). Act well by all the participants, even though, as usual in horror movies a little child, very frustrating and Nicholson seems crazy from the start. Shining absorbing film that I watched with pleasure, though I'm not sure that I would see him again soon. For those looking for explosions and special effects, you'll be disappointed, for those who are looking for a good haunted house type with a strong history of horrors I definitely think that shines for you, you should look at my humble thought.
