Sometimes it takes a master film-like Kubrick, to bring that extra something that is unique, untractable and elusive ingredient that makes a great film or a good script into a masterpiece, one for the ages. <br /> <br /> This is not just the story of Stephen King's plenty of meat and potatoes, which makes it difficult for even the most qualified directors to miss. Heck, even the king himself did not live so badly. It's like Kubrick perceives the world the king as it converts the page to the screen time that has shining as a visual feast and compacted Workshops at directing. <br /> <br /> miss-an-stsena Kubrick is, as a rule, great. The film progresses with brisk, sharp, lively pace, despite the fact that it is neither quick nor heavily edited, and the clock is not less than 160 minutes. The camera prowls the corridors of the Overlook hotel generous as it is a kind of mystical labyrinth Rife for exploration, linear tracking shots exposing impeccably decorated interiors in all their splendor. There is a symmetry and geometric approach in how Kubrick perceives space, which reminds me a lot about how Japanese filmmakers worked in the sixties. As if what is shown is immaterial to how all the different elements are balanced within the frame. <br /> <br /> Some of the images determined stand. The first shot of the writing of Jack cars, accompanied by an off-screen by thumps the ball, as drums of doom coming from the opposite sex or manufactures most of the typewriter, as if it were an instrument of death all by itself, further proof, there was nothing lacking only that. Red River, which flows through the hotel's elevators are in slow motion. Jack hit the door with an ax, the camera moves along with it, tracking the action as it happens, rather than remain static, as if it were piercing the chamber through the door, not an ax. Ultra fast zoom in the face of the baby pushing us in his mind, before we see the two dead girls from his POV. And, of course, in the bathroom scene. <br /> <br /> A lot has been said about obsession replays Jack Nicholson. His mind is not entirely successful, because, well, he was Jack Nicholson. The guy looks mentally normal in any case. crazy game turns it into an exaggerated caricature of themselves. Shelley Duvall, on the other hand, is one of the most inspired casting choice Kubrick ever had. Based on the strip of fantastic performances for Robert Altman in the Seventies (3 women, THIEVES LIKE US, Nashville), it leads to her character the right amount of fragility and emotional distress. Extraordinary and very underrated actress.
