Bright, you know, what is surprising about this film? This is a film that everyone, for people who say they do not like horror movies, will always say that the great movie The Shining. This is a classic vision of Stanley Kubrick's horror stories of Stephen King's madness and blood. It's just an incredible film and dries you've seen it or not, you've heard about it, knows a few lines from it, and he knows that some of the classic images. Who could forget Jack "That's Johnny!"? Who could forget "all work and no play Make Jack a dull boy"? Who can forget that constrains end? This is a film that is memorable and honest in my opinion, the best work of Kubrick. I know there is a lot of debate in this department, a lot of people say that 2001: A Space Odyssey and A Clockwork Orange, or even Dr. Streynzhlav, but if the film for the first time the film industry, and then Shining improve it. This is a story about isolation, madness, monstrous images, and, ultimately, the ghost stories that will creep under the skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, Jack's son Denis and Jack's wife, Wendy arrive at the Overlook Hotel on the day of closing. Elderly African-American chef, Dick Helloran, Denis surprises, talking to him telepathically and offer him ice cream. He explains Danny, he and his grandmother shared the gift; they called the message "light." Danny asks if there is something to fear in the hotel, such as room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain "luster" to it and a lot of memories, not all of them good, and tells him to stay away from room 237 at any circumstances. Denis curiosity about the number 237 at last the better of him when he sees the hall was opened. Denis is injured and visibly traumatized after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Seeing this, Wendy Jack thinks abused Denis. Jack comes in the Golden Hall of the hotel, where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny starts shouting the word «Redrum» furiously, and scribble it on the wall. He goes into a trance, and leaves; He now says that he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend." Jack sabotages radio in the hotel, cutting off communication with the outside world, but Hallorann received a telepathic cry for help Danny, and on his way. Wendy learns that Jack printed endless pages of the manuscript repeating "All work and no play makes Jack a dull is not a boy," formatted in different ways. Frightened, Jack threatens her, and she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat, closing it in a locker for storage in the kitchen. Jack talks to Grady through the door of the cabinet, which then unlocks that frees him. Denis wrote «Redrum» in lipstick on the bedroom door Wendy. When she looks in the mirror, she sees that it is "murder" spelled backwards. Jack picks up an ax and starts to hack through the door that leads into the living room of his family. "That's Johnny!", And the legendary image of Jack's birth. <br /> <br /> Lights is one of those movies that you seriously need to find the time to see what this incredible film and still gives me nightmares. performance of Jack Nicholson eternal and unforgettable. But one I feel very miss Shelley Duvall, its search scene Jack recitation of all the work ?? incredibly, it's kind of horror, and you can see the fear in her face after realizing her husband had gone mad. In addition, another incredible scene when Jack sees the ghost of a woman in the bathroom, it is honestly one of the most frightening scenes in horror movies. The reason this movie is so well known, because it is a perfect film, it was The Simpsons, it has been shown in other films, and a film that will remain with you when you see it, believe me. <br /> <br /> 10/10
