Okay, well, maybe not the biggest. I mean, The Exorcist and Psycho and some other difficult to describe, but it is way up there shining. This, however, is definitely the best Stephen King story, which was made into a movie. It's better than standing, better Pet Sematary (if not quite so scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me (just a little bit, though), and yes, it's better than The Shawshank Redemption (shut up, it's better), I do not care what anyone says IMDb Top 250. <br /> <br /> I've read that a few decades ago, Stanley Kubrick sort out novels at his home, trying to find the one that would make a good film, but from the other room, his wife heard the sound of the noise every half hour or so, he threw the book at the wall in frustration. Finally, she did not hear any noise for nearly two hours, and when she went to check and see if he died in his chair or something (I say this with all due respect, of course), she found him concentrating on the book, he held in his hand, and the book was shining. And thank God, too, because he continued to turn the book into one of the best horror films ever. <br /> <br /> Stephen King can be expressed appreciation for the complexity of the plot, about a man who takes his wife and son to a remote hotel to watch it during the winter is extremely isolated, as he works on his writing. Jack Nicholson can be expressed appreciation for his dead-on performance as Jack Torrance (how many films have been Jack was, where he plays a character named Jack?), As well as his flawless delivery is now more famous lines ( `Heeeeeere Johnny !! "). Shelley Duvall can thank for that work, which allows viewers to apply to the desires of Jack to kill her. Stanley Kubrick can thank for the fact that this beautiful story of his very famous touch, and whoever casting director can be thanked for stealing up Creepiest twins on the planet, to play the role of dead girls. <br /> <br /> one of the most important aspects of this film is necessary for the story as a whole, to have the most significant effect is the isolation, and it is irresponsible. The film opens with a long scene follows Jack, when he drove up to the old inn for a job interview the guards for the winter. It will soon cost the same the next Jack and his family as they drive up the windy mountain road to the hotel. This time the scene is mixed with Jack's staff, Wendy and Danny talked in the car, in which Kubrick was able to penetrate rapidly the proposal for TV harm Wendy voiced its concern about the talk of cannibalism in front of Danny, who says that it's okay, because he I had seen him on television ( 'see, this is good, that he saw it on TV.). <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is a perfect place for stories like this have to take place, and it's bloody past becomes much more frightening huge, echoing rooms and long corridors. These rooms with their echoes constantly emphasize the emptiness of the hotel, but this lobby that actually created the most scariness this film, Kubrick and traditional tracking shots give hallways terrible three-dimensional sense. At the beginning of the film, there is a known tracking shot that follows Denis in a large circle as it travels through the halls on his Big Wheel (that's what they're called?), And its relative speed (and clunking made the wheel as he goes forward and back from the hardwood floors to carpets cast) it gives a sense of not knowing what the corner. And, being a story by Stephen King, you'd expect something will jump out at you. I think that the best scene in the halls (and also one of the most terrible in the film), when Danny plays on the floor and the ball slowly rolled toward him. He looks up and sees a long, empty corridor, but because the ball is something like a child's toy, you would expect that he had these horrible creepy twins, who rolled him. Anyway, you get the point. Radiant is a hell of a scary movie. <br /> <br /> In addition, that rare quality of being a horror film that does not suck, Shining has a very deep history, which really keeps you guessing and leaves you with the feeling that there was something that you missed . HAD Jack was always there, as Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? Was he really this ball in 1921, or is that just someone who looks exactly like him? If it has always been the caretaker, as well as Grady said, does this mean that it is the HIM that went crazy and killed his wife and twin daughters, not Mr. Grady, in the end? It is one thing for a film to leave loose ends that need to be linked, just mediocre filmmaking. For example, The Amityville Horror, which is obviously copied most of the Shining, as its subject matter, did it. But it is quite another when the film is presented in a way that actually makes you think (as basically all Kubrick films there). Another thing that we can all thank for Stanley Kubrick, and we have to thank him for, to not throw the book against the wall. It's one throw would cinematic tragedy.
