Cold, majestic part of the cinematic fright, this film combines all the great elements of the intellectual thriller with a great vision of the director, who has an instinctive ability to pace Flick capricious horror within their field of film-making genius, which includes an eye for the original shot, ice soundtrack and general feeling of dehumanization. The film cuts through all the typical horror as the red-poker through the human eye, as it allows the viewer to feel the violence and insanity of his character, but to evaluate the seed from which the psychosis stems. One of the worst things for people to encounter is unknown, and this film is his only drawing with the idea. It is ideally suited to a deserted winter shelter. The silence of the moment of a character in itself, as the aggressor in the form of fermented Jack Torrance is buried in this idle time, and generates a new playground of the devil. I always felt the presence of evil dormant in all of our minds, but the circumstances of the moment and the reasons given in it, you need to wake his ass and forced to pounce on its unsuspecting victims. This film is a perfect example of this view. <br /> <br /> And in subtle touches of the film web in clackity-clack of a large drive wheel of a young boy on the empty corridors of the hotel, Labyrinthian garden, which is a thin line between crazy and insane reasonable, Kubrick deliberately fade editing inconsistencies, errors continuity and a set of MIS-mechanisms which we discover the world, guided by the righteous and tangible, but was persuaded away powerful and neizvestnymy. I've never read the book on which the film is based, but not to as a point of comparison, I can proudly say that this is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I thought that during the movie could have been cut a little bit, but then again, I'm not one of the most acclaimed directors in film history, so maybe I have to keep my two cents criticism over the wonderful film to itself. In general, this film captures your attention with its great shape and vision, the ropes you with some astonishment, and an eccentric direction, and connects you down and pierces your heart with his cold gaze of the human psyche went overboard, creeping. atmosphere and the loss of humanity <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
