Anthony McGarten adapted his game, via satellite, and sent the best comedy film to come out of New Zealand for a long time. Chris Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is screened. She had not achieved much in recent years and it has grown resentful of her family with the father's dying confession. Her twin sister Carol (also portrayed by Danielle Cormack) basking in the spotlight of the media, because it is from New Zealand in swimming at the Olympics. Middle-aged, and a desperate desire director (Brian Sergent) and his good-natured cameraman - who is also one-half of the previous night from Chris - Paul (Karl Urban) film is a proud moment Dunn family; Watch Carol sails to victory. It would not be so bad, but Chris is the epitome of the family uncomfortable. First of all, it matriach with Wellingtonian Dance, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She makes fabulous cakes and cocktail sausages for all important shooting and refuses to change the way it is. Her eldest daughter, Jen (Rom T Uiata) is desperately trying to be something more than common. It has a nice house (with walls painted bedrooms «Blackberry sorbet"), and expensive tastes disgusting dependency to match. It also is 40 and desperate for a child. Her husband, Ken (Balme) Electrical and forces himself on jobs that do not need to do ... and do the jobs that need to be made, ie, Jen. Middle daughter, Lyn (Jody Dordoi - who won the Best Supporting Actress New Zealand Film Awards for this way) is "exploded up" tart, which has a dubious history with Ken. The two older sisters are in conflict, the mother is able to Ken as bad ToolTime Tim Taylor, Carol fueling her desire to Olympic and Chris knows everything it needs to be splashed on national television - why she should not be embarrassed? Nice to see that some well-known personalities of New Zealand suburban comedy act, which has a witty line to save. I loved sparring between Jen and Lyn. One of them, as an adult, Mona-my biological clock is ticking, nothing, other narcisstic drifter who has what her sister wanted - a bun in the oven. The culmination of the film is quite sentimental and beautifully done. Performances fun and the film works fine. A great way to spend time-and-a-half. <br /> <br />
