Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is rich intellectual performance for a local club. She becomes the victim of his fantasies, as the promise of romantic interludes become a murder, it kills those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It is possible that through the form of suggestion, someone (.. possible main task pulling strings like a puppet) is the guiding Lorna in killing those she comes in secluded areas only when it appears that the courtship is about to start. After the murder within their fantasies charged, Lorna awakens surprise, often ignorant, if the fact that she was dedicated to the limits of their dreams ever occurred in reality. <br /> <br /> If someone asked me how to describe this particular work of Franco, I would say that this is an elegant and difficult. By now, you've probably read other users' comments puzzled by the fact that this film is about as much of it takes place in a surreal dream atmosphere. Franco had mentioned in an interview that he was heavily influenced by Godard in the beginning of his career as a style of filmmaking, and the decision to abandon a clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create a completely different type of viewing experience. And as you are reading from the reaction here..some User comments like this solution, others believe that the workman style, dull, and surprise. I'll be the first to admit that the film is over my head, but even the Franco when eliciting criticism that looked «Succubus», admitted that he did not even realize the film, and he sent it! Someone may say that "succubus" was simply a precursor to its more revered work, "Venus in Furs", considered his masterpiece of Franco-true, because it also takes a surreal, fairy-tale structure in which on the main character really does not know, whether he / she feels something real or imaginary. In a sense, as the protagonist, we are experiencing the same type of confusion..certainly, «succubi" unconventional shooting where we did not give clues as to what is happening. And much of the elusive dialogue does not help the cause. "Succubus" is also populated by beatnik types and "poet-Speak», Corman film, "Bucket of Blood" ridiculed. My favorite scene teases in a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and women she meets at a chic party..quite amazing fantasy sequence where mannequins are used quite unusual. Great places and jazz score..I liked the film itself, although I can understand why it is to get a negative reaction. Loved that one scene in a chic party with Lorna, tiny bit drunk, writhing on the floor in a beautiful evening dress, like the others, who visit SHINDIG (.. equally vain) to slip it into the embrace of kisses.
