I have not seen all the movies Jess Franco, I have seen 5, I think, and there are more than 180 of them. So, maybe it's a bit early to say so, but the "Necronomicon Geträumte Sanden" (better known as "succubus," but this cut version) corresponds to me, if not the best, of course, on the French better. Franco is known primarily (though "of course" may be slightly exaggerated) for "lesbian vampire" amazing cult film, which has received more recognition in the mid-90s, when people found out Jess Franco was also an interesting composer. Through the soundtrack of happy little man found, and I found that one might expect after watching the video clip "lion and cucumber" ( "lesbian vampire left"): Jess Franco directed irresistible. If the phone rang during «Vampiros», I let it ring. I just wanted to see more of the movie. From that moment on Franco could never capture me that much. But then I came across this film. This is even better than "lesbian vampire", I think. Franco searching for what he can do with the history and the camera. We find that it can do a lot. Of course, I did not expect to find the "Necronomicon", which were large, its origin has not impressed me. Remember that I have seen "lesbian vampire" earlier (though chronologically that just three years later), and both films are interesting to start the same. But the story continued, confused and capture, beautiful camera work and materials that you would like to see Godard do if he were not so busy spread their political messages. Later in the film, I heard the dialogue, of which art was or was not old-fashioned. The man says that all films must be old-fashioned, because it takes a few weeks before the viewer sees what was filmed. But she says that "Buñuel, Godard and Fritz Lang films made yesterday for tomorrow." Janine Reynaud is an interesting lead actress and, of course, Howard Vernon, regular Franco, is also there. Fortunately, the actor is good (something that can ruin a lot of Franco movies for you, but this is not one). But, of course, follow the fictitious scene. The erotic tension, wild direction and the fact that this is the last film in the cinema tomorrow to do so many people need to see. The fact that it is a bit more affordable than "lesbian vampire" certainly helps.
