The police investigation into the murder, suspicion: we are all so familiar with them to the movies galore. Most movies are now dealing with a crime that is believed to attract viewers to provide them an exciting atmosphere. However, most of the thrill will be enough to focus on the recent films of this kind of forgetting the old. However, it happens that these people can be easily misled. The film is entirely based on the suspicion can be very interesting now, despite more than 20 years ... it GARDE VUE, a unique film by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> There are many activities? Not exactly how the events presented in the film take place in a much shorter time. But, as they run a big plus movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Cerro) investigated Gallien inspector (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marshall). This New Year's Eve, rainy evening, and not very accurate for such a meeting. However, after the rape and murder of two children, at the dawn of the old year, the door should be open suspicion in the past. In other words, (a quoted from the film), it must be revealed, who is the evil wolf really is. To achieve this goal, you need a lot of effort and a lot of emotions on both sides ... <br /> <br /> Some people have criticized the script too wordy. Nevertheless, I would like to ask them: what should be an investigation, if not a lot of questions, and, in practice, a lot of talk. This verbosity affects the very roots of the genre. In no case is a sad, but throughout the film, it makes you, as a spectator, an observer participating. In addition, the film contains a well-made memories, these stories say. Not too much and not too little of them - enough to make the whole story more understandable and interesting. The most memorable memories, for me, is when Chantal (Romy Schneider), his wife Martinaud, tells of a beautiful Christmas ... But those memories also contain the views of places, including the infamous beach. All this is well helped me to keep the right pace. And since I've seen GARDE A VUE, I always think of this movie as one of the "defenders" of French cinema against charges of disorder and chaos. <br /> <br /> But those already mentioned aspects may not necessarily appeal to many viewers, because they might not such films and still do not find the content and its satisfactory performance. Nevertheless, GARDE VUE is also worth a look for those people. Why? For performances. But here one should not expect me to praise first Romy Schneider. GARDE VUE Sun Romy Schneider vehicle. She does an amazing job as a mother, which is deeply in despair over a lost child. It draws the human right, calm, concrete, which does not reject the offered cup of tea, but who does not want to play with words. Part of which includes a deep conversation about life and the debt is brilliant, more plausible than overly melancholic role of Elsa in Los Angeles Passante DE Sanssouci. He still acted. However, Romy Schneider does not have a lot of time on the screen. In practice, it appears for the first time after 45 minutes of the credits; she is the wife of another point of view, comes with a symbolic New Year, in the north. Its role is purely one supports. Who really is the rock Venturi. He average age of Inspector Antoine Gallien, who wants to know the truth, who is aware that his "rocket" questions to another interlocutor, but will not hesitate. He is the inspector who, being married three times, well-recognized female psyche. He is the one who does not consider his work as a game to play, but a real service. Finally, he is the man who finds no abnormal, to sit there in the New Year's Eve. Michel Cerro also does an excellent job expressing the fear, especially in the final scenes of the film. But the fingers of Mr. Ventura. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> As far as memorable moments are concerned that this is not a film in which this aspect is easily analyzed. The entire film is memorable, to be seen more than once and will be felt with its atmosphere and that I did not mention earlier, great music. For me, talking about Chantal and Inspector Gallien is the most brilliant flawless moment. You are there with two characters, you feel their state of mind, when you go deeper into what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE A VUE very interesting movie, a must see for thrill lovers, and artistic performances. New Year was a success, and ... it is now easier to open the door? You know, if you decide to see a movie memorably directed by Claude Miller. 8/10
