We are fans of Ed Wood, we have a tendency to be obsessed bunch in the first place, but this film in particular, has led me to the level of fan house, which I had never walked! One of the most intense thrills of non-mainstream cinema flattery - at least as far as I'm concerned - it is a pleasure from unknown sites. I remember how, as a teenager, I wanted to see Eddie "Shallow Ground" (AKA "The Night of the Vampire"), which at the time was vaulted over several decades. Exactly the enigmatic masterpieces of low-budget movies like Doris Wishman in "Night divide" or half the work of Jesus Franco! However, recent years have seen the video and DVD rendering these treasures when unfindable almost too accessible - Even for those of us on the "wrong" side of the Atlantic .... <br /> <br /> And then (!) there was "I woke up early The day I Died" - a film that was to be as "big", but that disappeared in the air before the first Fangoria published a rather long article about it that first sparked my appetite. In the 1990s, needed a hard to find a movie, though, that really would be worth seeking out: and it certainly has it .... I do not particularly want to add too many comments on all these wonderful aspects of the film - it klasnym- but kitsch cast, its haunting, but often hallucinogenic visuals, its amazing moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of 1920s French film-makers) and surrealism, or even his loud memorable soundtrack - as it has all been described most eloquently other users here. <br /> <br /> what I DO NOT I want to mention briefly, it is a pleasure that I received also from hunting for some obscure artifacts related to this almost lost to us but-fortunately, it is not a movie, I think that the German video I took while in Cologne for the day Crisp cold winter, a fairly well-known followers of Ed Wood is now. in addition, it is common knowledge that the poster for the film was released. However, fortunately, can still be found !!! Firstly, there are a number of reviews that are available from the German theatrical release of the film - I have used some of them in my translation classes in an attempt to «Woodify» ..... my students some of these reviews are positive eulogies for the film artistry and entertainment value - and the most interesting of all is the fact that most of the critics have put it right in both American and European art house garbage tradition. Secondly, the assessment of Larry Groupe », which can be purchased from the man himself - many of the tracks have a really emotional involvement of the listener, especially if you are considering at the moment" vaulted "movie status and grows a little melancholy at the same time. Finally - at the moment - I would like to mention that the promo SOUNDTRACK Cinequanon put out in very limited quantities. BEG, BORROW, steal, kill, or do whatever you want if you get the opportunity to purchase one of them !!!!!! It has 14 tracks from the film, including the ballad Eartha Kitt, the late Darcy Clay "Jesus I was evil" (two versions, which are also available on CD-ROM from New Zealand, although it is quite another story, again!), cool radio music to which Christina Ricci dances and those weird techno falls pollock and ZHV (own techno artist Billy Z's latest creatures) ..... <br /> <br /> Become obsessed - even Ed Wood to run your life .
