It is one thousand nine hundred ninety-eight film was based on the scenario of the late Edward D. Wood, a scenario that has not shown any dialogue in the tradition of films like Thief. While much of the work of Wood was brisk records low-budget film in the various traditions of the genre, his first produced feature Glen or Glenda was truly a visionary attempt to express the inexpressible through primitive methods of the avant-garde. I woke up early is the other side of Ed Wood in the day of my death, the experimenter, although the film comedy (comedy nightmare, though!), While dressing up theme Glen or Glenda was taken so seriously Wood, there was no room for comedy is. From the first seconds of the film, I knew that I was taken to a new cinematic world, and I can not compare this world with anything else. The technical side of the film - production design, sound design, music scoring, photos, etc. .-- it is innovative on any number of levels. In particular, although the film does not have a "dialogue" is the sound of all types, and "language" as well, but you should see how it is done independently as intelligence and suddenness of the methods provides a level of excitement around. Glen or Glenda-esque technique contrasting footage for surreal effects works well in movies and minimized. The whole movie is played on a hysterical fever-pitch and Billy Zane offers excellent performance tour de force, showing that the brilliant physical comedian and actor he is. In a just world, he would get some reward for this performance. He even looks like Ed Wood, and how Zane plays this character in different timesfunny, carelessness, tragedy, cute and anonymous (sometimes at the same time !!!). What a pity that this film has been caught up in trouble with the law and has not received the North American theatrical and video release, only played a few festivals. Now it's only available on video in Germany (in fact, my copy from German sources - excerpts from the script Wood, which are shown on the screen from time to time will be translated into German, although the headlines (which is a great low-budget method gives the plot elements, especially those that would be too expensive to film, with the help of newspaper headlines are used here in the tradition of Wood), who sees Zane in English). I think this movie might get word of mouth, if reproduced in the north in some large cities with a neat promoting next. And if you play a city by city slowing down on the diagram art film, he could do well. In fact, if the legal issues can be resolved, I would suggest that the film should still be given in theaters, especially in MIDNIGHT «cult" release. This is a classic waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> And I "understand" each scene? No, but I "feel" each scene emotionally. I did all that "work" in the film? Perhaps not. I've only seen him twice, and the first time I saw it, I was interruped several times. However, with all the undesirable conveyor playing multiplexes and so many "alternative" film being pretentious or fetishistic shot on video film school rejected, we should really do Hollywood experimentation like this. A recent Bob Dylan film "Masked and Anonymous" took a similar opportunity, how did something like frontal Steven Soderbergh. This film could find an audience much more than any of them. If you are reading this review in a few years from now, and the idea of ​​this film sounds intriguing, to see if he has ever been released on video. You will not be bored. Invite your friends to ... make it a party. Play an amazing soundtrack LOUD. I have a feeling that wherever he is in the other world, Ed Wood is happy with this film, and feels as if it's unique vision was justified and confirmed by several in the making of this film. Wood is probably laughing too, that, just as he always seemed to get bad breaks in life, a film made in his honor after his death is conducted in the trials and sits produced in the country of his adoption.
