OK, so I know this film because my friend in it, and I actually visited the set when they were shooting, so from a personal point of confrontation, I was intrigued to finally see this vague little gem. If you dig in the general information about this film, you will find it is involved in legal problems (even after 7 years after being removed), so if you are like me - then you will do whatever it takes to get a copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15, but I felt torn, because when I got it today in the mail, it was very rough, grainy copy of «Screener ONLY» Release, complete with annoying top mini time code, but unfortunately, I could still enjoy it, but not the same as if I had the correct copy, then I suggest you get, if you want the full effect of this film may or may not be for you. From what I gather, he was released on DVD in Germany and now Spain. With that success and happy Search / trades ...;). Price / sndtrk stands alone. Very eclectic and diverse (somethinbg rare these days IMHO in the movie) - I think that will be my next sndtrk / account to find, but I digress ... <br /> <br /> At present, for consideration. The film opens as the character Billy Zane, he injects a nurse in a psychiatric ward, apparently closed. He kidnaps her clothes (even shoes) and quickly turns into a series of lifting bank / credit shop, but after the escape of prey, well, I think this is where it starts to "plot" - he accidentally loses it. After committing several mannered over-the-top crime & dalliances various And in the C-list celebrities to find the money, it manifests itself as something in the cemetery, where the funeral - I think that for a dead guy, he shoots Credit Bureau / Bank and - even with 1950 police cars and police, who are looking around him constantly around - he would never see or arrested. (He sees the daily newspaper reporting his "crimes") I liked that because it gave a subtle plot extension. In the end, it MOVIE (see: fantasy) and director Iris Iliopulos does what I think it all possible: 1) To bring the vision of Wood's to implement and 2) Give him a renewed sense, but there are cadres of these 50 police cars entwined, aah, local LA.99 $ store - so good, so my 9 rating. If the period and props were true - I would give it 10. Now wrap it yourself to some kind of weird, and I will not spoil it for everyone, but let's just say, the final completion of the somewhat disappointing for him, for me, it was a promise, action and comedy. - all at the end, so ... with all that said --locate copy in its sole discretion <br /> <br /> Just realize that like no dialouge (for some storytelling and singing, except) this may be up your alley - maybe not-- but I definitely think it's worth a look. The actors all do an excellent performance, and it is only inconsistency in the corresponding period pieces that actually made me long for this very correct - I would say, by all means check out this movie for that something these studios put out these days do not like (or will be in the future, too) I'm sure.
