When I think "Women in Prison", my mind often turns into a running Italian / Spanish productions directors like Jess Franco and Bruno Mattei; and while these films are often very careless, they are also very samey and once you've seen one; You may have also seen them all. I must admit that these types of films are usually not my favorite; but very well it has done in fact the idea of ​​women behind bars several times outside of Italy and Spain; and Roger Corman, New World Pictures is responsible for some of the best of them. Caged Heat is the directorial debut of Oscar-winning director Jonathan Demme, and it is well done little flick with plenty of entertainment value! Naturally, the film focuses on the story of a girl who is caught committing a crime and sent to a women's prison, where she was introduced to a host of violent prisoners. The prison rules in a wheelchair things associated Superintendent McQueen; and she takes offense to the game delivered the girls; forcing them to plot an escape <br /> <br /> This film is much easier on the cheap, than I am used by women in the prison Flick. but this is more than compensated for by some great scenes and dialogue, and that is what provides the Caged Heat entertains throughout. It must be said that the plot is not very original or ambitious and mostly standing structure similar to that of many other women in prison films that were before him; but it's not such a big problem. The movie never gets boring and seasoned outstanding scenes; including escape attempts, and of working in the field and a bank robbery. The film helped along the direction guaranteed by a man who would go on the handlebars masterpiece Silence of the Lambs, and a large cast with many honors; including the best of the legendary Barbara Steele as the head warden. In general, Caged Heat can not leave the audience a lot to think about before the end; but it's brilliantly entertaining little Grindhouse flick, and anyone who likes this type of film, of course, want to track it down.
