Jonathan Demme's directorial debut for the legendary Roger Corman exploitation outfit New World Pictures rates highly as one of the best 70-Grindhouse classic chicken-in-chains ever grace celluloid. Beauteous Russ Meyer starlet Erik ( "The Fox," "Over the Valley of the Dolls") of Gavin gives a reliable, winning performance as the arrogant, elastic new fish, which is doing everything possible to keep their dirty, hellish prison. Always fabulous Barbara Steele offers an extremely evil image as an average, maimed, sexually frustrated overseer (her erotic dream of performing a slow, steamy striptease in front of the lady inmates present imbecile). A long-standing favorite 70-B-movie actress Robert ( «The Arousers», «Unclean Rollers») Collins provides bawdy fun and endearing turn as briskly forward, swears kleptomaniac felon who speaks inside ruin dirty jokes about Pinnochio. Linda Gold (aka Crystin Sinclair from Tobe Hooper's "Eaten Alive" and Curtis Harrington's "Ruby") makes her film debut live as uninhibited wild cat Crazy Alice. And someday teddy Cheryl «Rainbeaux» Smith does an excellent, gentle touching reprise her role terrified innocent «Lemora: the story of a child of the supernatural." <br /> <br /> Although this picture is really expected to deliver a sufficient amount of coarse language, nudity, rape and violence, this is not typical of blunt and clumsy piece of sexist meaningless dirt; film very effectively explores the many ways in which people are brutally exploited women, and strongly approves the pro-feminist idea that women can overcome any obstacle if they are arranged in groups so that they can safely watch them sexist oppressors as a powerful fighting force. spicy, confidant Demme direction emerges with a glorious riches shrewdly observed random pieces and great moments fascinating quirky behavior. In addition, the bright cinematography Both Tak Fujimoto and surprisingly sad funny man John Cale blues score 100% on the money excellent. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack in deafening horrible cheap rubber monster suit creature features howler "Track Moonbeast») is funny how a little jerky cop who has his car stolen by a trio of prison escapees, when he stopped at a gas station to use the bathroom. Lively, exciting and very enjoyable, «Caged Heat» is qualified as absolutely essential viewing for cinephiles drives in the 70s.
