A prerequisite for this film was one that focused on the polarization of ideologies in the United States .. It was a very combustible scenario in America, in which two very different cultures clashed. That justify such criminal sexual abuse, in any case? .. As the film is a scene (while Hickock and Smith were drinking), the two men were not drunk, and they were not under any influence of drugs !! It was a clear cut case of cold and calculated discussion .. In general, these acts of violence have been the end result of the emotional and social neglect ... At any time in the past, in 1975, we, as a nation, have brought compassion to deviate victims of their environment Wednesday ... Nevertheless, this is the case in 1959 !! This is a terrible revelation sideswiped us, and to draw people into a tailspin conflicts ethics !! With the recent release of the movie "The Hood" based on Truman Capote, who was the creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood," the American people have grown a new found admiration for this movie !! Robert Blake plays the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in this film ... It would seem appropriate, given the prominence it has been associated with regarding his personal life !! "In Cold Blood" centers on an element of inexplicable ... There was no revenge was not involved, there was no material gain to be acquired, there was no opportunity for social advancement here either, it is just an example of a hidden and insidious belligerent anger, which ends Of course, it does not justify the means !! Situational incriminating that Hickock and Smith complained about have always been ambiguous !! In these circumstances, why should they take their frustration on an anonymous unsuspecting and innocent families of Kansas? .. Will Geer (Walton grandfather) plays a prosecutor who is abhorrent to this horrible act of capriciousness !! His argument is thoroughly convincing ... it being the statement: "These are two people who did not show no mercy, now ask for yours" This line of logic that will make me a verdict of condemnation, if I could be one of the jury members !! Absolute disregard for the plight of your unconventional in life is not an excuse for the orchestration of large crime !! It was the instinct of Capote, which dictated that such a crazy act of violence must be brought to the attention of the American public !! As it will, it was a precursor to come .. «In Cold Blood» did just that !! This case was the calm before the storm, relating to the relevant aspects of the emergence of a radical in 1960 !! Mortal charades also served as an understanding of isolated interests that would beset many typical Americans in the future !!! <br /> <br /> Truman Capote does a great job on the authentication of the wild appearance of his book (which was a best seller), and with this documentary, and ... act in this film, Robert Blake and Scott Wilson as well as people like John Forsythe was incredible !! Directed by Richard Brooks ( "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof», «Blackboard Jungle» «Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo" to name but a few !!) was outstanding in its joint efforts in this movie !! I think that «In Cold Blood» is one of the best films in cinema history !! The film reflects two evil spawns corruption, which is dug into dementia theatricality, and wound up magic vulgarity satisfaction for the fact that is recognized nationally humiliating !! .... This film pinpoints the psychological discontent, which spurs the emerging counterculture flock distributors violence !! Ideology of our country is incredibly different now than they were in 1959 !! This film is the American people to the emotional range and criminals who initiated a dubious metamorphosis in our shared values ​​!! I recommend to anyone that they see this film ... «In Cold Blood» was the center of the film "Capote"! Think about it, making a movie about a movie is a rare and coveted award in Hollywood !! In the case of «In Cold Blood» is an extreme example of the film, which is indirectly clairvoyants, intellectually elevating, and, of course, it goes without saying, «In Cold Blood» was absolutely mesmerizing and very beautiful movie !!
