Easily one of the ten best films of the 20th century. In Cold Blood is brilliant in its simplicity and realism of his story, and absolutely riveting. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake leaves the film. History, it seems, will be presented almost entirely in terms of Perry, despite Dick to be the leader and planner pair. The viewer will perceive a constant Dick as a more unstable, immature, and generally feel like Perry would not be drawn into this nightmare, but for Dick and his need to be someone and pull a heavy price. <br /> <br /> based on a true story, with special attention to accuracy, in cold blood reflects the history of the brutal and senseless murder of a rural family of Kansas one cold, windy night because Dick had bought in the age-old myth of the wealthy rural farmer with a safe full of money in their home. As the "accuser" (the sign, which is not given a name in the script), played by Will Geer, so astutely points out, their lives bought for just $ 10 a head. Directed by Richard Brooks wisely decided not to share with us disgusting details of the murder before the end of the film, before we only know that it happened, and look at the life of Dick and Perry slowly unravel as they try to avoid not only to be detained by law enforcement officials, but also own ever increasing sense of hopelessness Perry. He repeatedly makes comments, "No one ever gets away with stuff like this," and "I can not think that we have left something behind that belongs to us." Dick is neither mature nor enough to feel themselves any convincing sense of guilt for his crime, just an annoyance Perry moral. Indeed, once they are caught, it's Dick, who breaks first, and suddenly falls unconscious when finally faced with irrefutable evidence that the place of the two men at the scene. I felt a little sorry for Perry since the beginning of the film, and more so, as events progressed, but I just hated Dick. <br /> <br /> brilliant movie is an attractive way in which the story of the game. We are not for a moment think that we have seen actors portray the characters, but we are seeing the actual participants and events as they occurred. Story inexorably, reproach, while the slightly more than two hours ago feels more in just a few minutes. <br /> <br /> For those of you who are interested in such things, I noticed a couple with "inconsistencies" are listed here, on the IMDb page for In Cold Blood wrong or exaggerated. Such as "reverse" the process shot in beginning of the film, Dick and Perry management across the bridge in Kansas. Let's start with the fact that it is not even a shot process, the camera is actually located in the back seat, and the image that you see for the windshield of the car is real. a large truck is in the left front of the Pontiac Dick creates an optical illusion that they were going back, th that it moves at a faster rate, but a closer look will reveal that they actually go ahead, and that the actual shot filmed from a moving vehicle. <br /> <br /> As I said, this is one of the ten best cinema works of the 20th century, it is not recommended for the very young because of some sort, of course, the language and understand and are aware of violence (not relevant in the face of gore as modern film will appeal to), but thoroughly excellent film.
