The real story of crime on the basis of In Cold Blood may seem a little "manual" for those who weened on classic stories serial killer (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer), or simply a high-profile case in Hollywood (OJ, Manson). Essential facts in the case did not amount to anything terribly complicated: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (here played by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, respectively) met at some successes, conspired to rob the house of a man safe in Kansas, and after the murder of a family of four with gun and dagger came down from $ 43. In addition to their return to the US after a short time to escape to Mexico, there is not a lot of mystery to solve anything. They were caught by some stroke of ironic coincidence (the police followed them and stopped them for having a stolen car after Smith and Hickcock helped the boy and his old collected bottles to change), and sentenced to hang by the neck until dead. The story ended in 1965. <br /> <br /> But this appeal to history, moments LLP, shows, purely cinematic touch that Brooks and his absolutely amazing (the late / great) DP Conrad Hall provided in a clear widescreen black and white and the style of storytelling that feels realistic, without going into excessive naturalism or too much melodrama (except, perhaps, towards the end of that step perfectly). Air tragedy hangs over the story, and not just because of themselves, no matter how hard they are "third" person who conjured up, as the narrator says Smith Hickcock united, but because of the assassination of the inevitability of history. You feel something for these criminals, which in other hands would be just ordinary numbers, or something from the B-movie. This is not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters or, at least, all the way through. <br /> <br /> It is also a great "road movie", as we have seen, Smith and Hickcock on the road down to the residence of a mess (the actual night time scene of the crime, which take place at the end of the film), and then to Mexico, and then back to America in the direction of Las Vegas. We get to soak in the faces of these two, perhaps even more than the police detectives who at first did not have no leads, and then finally get a break from the prisoners. This is actually kind of trouble to get this close to these two (it looks like an aimless characters Badlands Malik), and it is also a sign of daring at this time. There's no one to declare, as "he did so because of the fact that this or the other." We see how Smith abusive, psychotic father, but Smith I loved and hated it. The complexity is too much for a movie, maybe even too much for the book Capote (which, I must admit, I still have not read, but I plan to.) and we see, Hickcock this creature confidence spots ( ie obtaining costumes and other things with bad checks), but without any hardened explain all this. <br /> <br /> The band fatalism in In Cold Blood are some of the stunning 60-ies, and that Brooks luck to have their stars like Blake in his top-of-the-burst performance (this is Lost Highway, Ironically, given his real life saga in recent years, its quintessential part of the work), and Wilson's breakthrough, before becoming an actor. The character while they are surrounded by a thin supporting work themselves terribly absorbing, driven by a more or less greed and fantasy escapism treasure and staying largely based on their position through the death cell and through their ends. Is it moral to the story, if it can not be one that is more terrible to confront the possibility that those who kill can not be classified, good versus evil smudgy? Smith apologized for his crime before he was hanged, and he points out, "but what?" This story is obliged to give the most hardened fans of this crime-Bonafide chills and it's quite possibly the best American film of 1967.
