As I have had, my passion Academy evolved from the increased interest to the casual entertainment. As in some other observations that I wrote the amazing results of the voting Academy Award is often difficult to explain. The omission of "In Cold Blood» in 1967 as one of the top five candidates Pictures is one of those unexplained cases, especially if one of the nominations this year went to the helpless and unwatchable «Doctor Dolittle". While insomnia or only a masochist would tune into this Rex Harrison disaster, a powerful adaptation of Richard Brooke Hood non-fiction novel retains its ability to capture the viewer's attention and keep him or her completely exhausted long fade. While there is nothing particularly graphic or disgusting on the screen, the film is definitely adult material. Based on the numerous murders of Nebraska in 1950 and filmed in real places where the murder took place, «In Cold Blood» was filmed master cinematographer Conrad Hall, in the severe black and white, and its composition screen requires to see in them the correct widescreen image format. Along with the alarming account of Quincy Jones, Hall's work was credited with the above title screenplay Brook as the three pillars on which is built this intense classic. Performance is good as well. Scott Wilson all cold charm and Robert Blake intense introversion as the two killers. (There is an inside joke at some point, when Blake says Bogart and "The Treasure of Sierra Madre" and the driving duo in Mexico. As a child star, Blake sold a lottery ticket Bogart in the John Huston film.) The film, like the book, of course is tilted with respect to the killers and has a tilt against capital punishment, although some cruel murderers denies that sentiment, despite the hard-to-watch the final scene. Some have criticized the film because it is focus on criminals, their origin and life, while the family Clutter, who was just murdered in cold blood in the middle of the night, came across as one-dimensional characters of little import. This lack of balance is derived from the book, Hood spent much time with the two killers, and they were on death row. Clutter family, apparently not examined at the same depth. However, regardless of the feelings one may be for or against the death penalty, «In Cold Blood» will leave you deeply mired in conflicting thoughts. Double bill with «Dead Man Walking», and you can not speak for several days.
