In 2006, «In Cold Blood» -a riveting thriller from 1967, has two new interesting contexts, that he did not have previous. First, and the most terrible is the fact that it is a star, Robert Blake, who has recently been on trial for the murder of his wife. Secondly, the recent Oscar-winning biopic, "Capote" showed confused ago the author of this story haunted True Crime Tale in Truman Capote. These two new twists make timely film for a modern audience. <br /> <br /> As soon as the film stand on its era, "In Cold Blood" top class in every respect. Most notable is a stunning black-and-white cinematography by Conrad Hall (later "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition" fame). Many pictures from this movie in Kansas farm house at night or forested back country roads can be sold as fine art photography. In conjunction with the direction of cracker-jack from Brooks and outstanding editing in the early stage (where we see a secular daily life of an innocent family to be absurdly Slaughtered beautifully intertwined with the construction of two hapless hitmen), rich brooding atmosphere is created that sets the stage for a riveting suspense (even when everyone knows how it's all going to end because of it they are all based on real events). Also nice to see in this day and age, how brilliantly staged harrowing murder scene can be displayed where the graphic nature of the act is transferred to the viewer subconsciously nary a drop of blood shown on the screen. <br /> <br /> the film is also beautifully anchor the terrible execution of Robert Blake as the prettier still absurdly tight side of the duo's murder. Retrospective scene in his terrible childhood is very well done. Then there's a scene at the end of the film, where he says the monk before being sent to the gallows, and he makes his final "confession", so to speak. This is one of those classic moments of the film, which is a perfect marriage of rough action, the highest written form, flawless direction, and is in the photo. I dare you to erase from his mind the harsh way the rain from the window display flowing pale face Robert Blake instead of real tears. <br /> <br /> The only thing that prevents "In Cold Blood" is a slow moving average act where the murderer on the run and forced nature of social commentary at the end. Tack-on the political message of the death penalty is secondary to his strong figure of crazy murderers and their victims.
