Although he was released in 1967, low-key is still the benchmark by which all films are chosen true crime. Veteran writer / director Richard Brooks (ELMER portal), adapted from non-fiction books of Truman Capote's chilling documentary drama that keeps disturbing force even today, thirty-five years later. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake and Scott Wilson draw Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, the two ex-cons, who, on a tip from an old cellmate Hicock Floyd Wells, violated in Holcomb, Kansas, home of Herbert Clutter, looking at the wall safe, supposedly containing $ 10,000, but not safe and has not been found, and two men, not wound up killing Mr. Clutter, his wife and their two children, escape only radio, binoculars and a lousy forty dollars. Two months on the run, including aimless "holiday" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas, when the police caught them in a stolen car. But in the end it turns out after the relentless smoking Kansas law enforcement agencies, that these two men have committed this heinous crime in Holcomb. Tried and convicted on four counts of murder, they are cooked in jail for five years of appeals and denials, while both hanged to death April 14, 1965 <br /> <br /> Blake and Smith is absolutely frightening, as two indifferent murderers who do not show no remorse for what they did, but concerned about the get. John Forsythe also does a good turn as Alvin Dewey, chief detective investigating the crime, as well as Gerald S. OLaflin as his assistant. The tactic that is both accurate and book Capote good artistic gambit all around, Brooks does not show the killing at the beginning; instead, it shows the two assassins who pull the unrest at home, as the last light goes out, and then cuts out the next morning and a terrible discovery of the bodies. Only during the trip back to Kansas when questioned Blake Forsythe and tells the story, we see the true horror of what happened that night. We do not see a lot of blood spilled in these scenes, but we do not need. Shotgun Blasts and horrified look on the faces of clutter, how do they know that they are going to die more than disturbing enough, so there is no need to resort to the obvious bloody violence slasher movie. <br /> <br /> Brooks wisely removed discreetly in harsh black and white, and the results are excellent thanks to the experience of Conrad Hall. Cooling Jazz by Quincy Jones is closing. The final result is one of the most disturbing films of any kind ever made, devastating in its low-key fashion. This 134-minute study of the crime, which shook the whole state, and in fact all the people, and it should be considered, although the audience believes it is recommended; «R» rating there for a reason.
