For those with moderate sensitivity, moderate sense of the human and humane conditions for those who are capable of getting above the Hollywood kind, for those who are content to see a movie that has no number Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes explosive brains with someone and see who gets into bed with anyone, for anyone whose intellectual level reaches the ability to grasp, sympathize, understand, laugh, cry with natural tender heart warming merry compassionate human beings, `Le Huitième Jour» is waiting for you. Van Dormal, Jacques has not reached a masterpiece that would be too simplistic; He reached one of those rare monumental works of art, cinematic world that defies any kind encapsuling. Is this a drama? Is it a comedy? No: Georges is a story, a great ridiculous pathetic ridiculous loving frightened handsome face, Downs syndrome sufferer. This is a story that makes you laugh through your tears, but this is not one of those classic teardrop-jerkers; the film moves through the world, which has you at once by mixing your feelings of compassion or pity or shame with the enthusiasm, warmth and even love. Successful bank seller, Harry crash into Georges: they were both in opposite directions with absolutely opposite ideas, problems and priorities; skillfully van Dormael melts, these two unlikely people in warm friendship, but it is much more than a good friend friendship of those with a beer down the road. This attitude, which develops into a deep, both needing to others. The cuasi-surrealist scenes fit in: George remembers (or invents) past episodes of his life, while the dream or sleep; even almost phantasmagoric final scene entirely correct. The only scene which could be considered a bit silly when they steal a bus and drive them out of the showrooms. However, this does not detract from the whole. This film is a monument. Even if your French is not up to much, please bear sees it subtitled. `Le Huitième Jour» worth it. As for the others, well, just read the following comments ?? I go along with all of them. This film is a joy, it is magnificent, it is unique. If you've seen 'Rain Man', which I think is a great movie, you should see this: it is much better, because it has no surface gloss famous Hollywood production of world-famous actors; he has Pascal Daquin and Daniel Auteuil ?? Ten Oscars for these two, and three for Van Dormal, Jacques. What is the difference ????????? Yes: 11 out of 10, when the Sun IMDb rating break under stress <br /> <br /> Magnifique.! Introduction!
