This film has all the size and grandeur of the many great biblical epic of the 1950s and 60s. But it is also, perhaps, the first thing that really humanize themselves biblical character. The best thing about this is that it does not detract from them in the eyes of the viewer. This is a unique and compelling balance that helps us to understand that even great men like David imperfect people who find their faith and glory to their shortcomings. <br /> <br /> The actors all the first course in the film by Gilbert Burnet, the second son of David to the beautiful Absolom Susan Hayward as a Beersheba. Hayward at his best in this film. Her own true, but no longer than the life style of acting completely at home here. Did she ever seductress, but it plays a role in such a way that you sympathize with her. <br /> <br /> Raymond Massey does a great job as the prophet Nathan. As a child, when I first saw the film, the Massey thought he was really just talked to the Lord himself, and there was a strange look. No doubt also helped to great music, always written in a strange Alfred Newman, who also had great success in other biblical epics as «The Robe» and «The Greatest Story Ever Told» with maybe 100 other movies too! Photographing films Leon Shamrey well done and adds to the size, but also the proximity of the film. Henry King, really underrated director who, like William Wyler never pigeon hiding themselves in any one genre that pulls more than the production of life that never loses sight of the love story between David and Bathsheba, and his own deep struggle between David and his faith in God. The path to walk in this film could be very sentimental, but the king keeps it real and interesting all the way. In addition, we will never lose the sense of mystery about trying to understand the will of God, as well as David himself struggling with the same. From the first scene, where a soldier is killed trying to save the Ark from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's answer (to paraphrase) that no one can understand God's will. This trip we start up to a powerful finale where David finally collides with itself. <br /> <br /> And finally, the film belongs to Gregory Peck, which is fine, as King David. His David is a man you can believe could govern the country relentlessly, but in due time accurate singer of Psalms. This is one of his best performances. <br /> <br /> I do not see this film on TV a lot more, but when I do, I never look. I think it still holds good today.
