There is no shortage of bad dialogue in David and Bathsheba ?? "I was very hand with a slingshot," "King of all Israel, there in the dark, exposing themselves to the enemy" (full marks to Dennis nonsense to deliver that one with a straight face), "Come and sit with his concubines." And somehow I doubt that I miss David never told Nathan the prophet, "All that you are saying." He even tried the old "My kingdom does not understand me" routine on desperate housewives Beersheba at one point. So it's probably a tribute to the direction of Henry King, the movie is not bad, in spite of the traps much of the first third of the software. Maybe it's the censor-baiting character of the story ?? married man kills the husband of femme fatale and runs away with it! ?? but the king shows growing moral and theological complexity scenarios Philip Dunne, not to increase sin and sandals scam. This contradiction David on the slope downhill, abandoned vengeful God, he does not understand, and the film does not deviate from the uncomfortable unanswered questions about why God loves would choose to avenge the innocent, and do not obey, He even offers a truly remarkable criticism of sexual inequality of the law, where men disadvantages lead to the punishment of their wives. <br /> <br /> In contrast to King David, to the side of the king in favor of the general recognition, more interesting, Saul, David, firmly in the center of the drama, and despite the interesting idea shoulder twitches and frankly stupid too long close-up when you visit the site the death of Saul and Jonathan, the performance of Gregory Peck increases in growth as compressed David. Susan Hayward pure Hollywood about Raymond Massey is properly theatrical prophet (why naturalistic, if you have a voice that makes the very heavens tremble?) And Kieron Moore Uriah such irreconcilable incorrigible chauvinist, you can not exactly blame David for putting it in danger, but, despite threatening soft peddling the film does not allow the moral David get out of jail free card to his death. With surprisingly strong but muted design and Technicolor photography is definitely a cut above most of the 40s-50s biblical epic. <br /> <br /> The new Fox DVD good shuttle, including incredibly fake "open" behind the scenes are short and a trailer with a short arrows removed with a single battle scene of the film.
