This film is known neskolkimih qualities: a literate script, this time in a partly religious film, Philippe data, some very good performances, first-rate production in each department and its intellectual direction of veteran Henry King. If one were doing a movie and then get such talents as Leon Shamrey as a cinematographer, Lyle Wheeler as an art director and Alfred Newman as a composer of original music will ensure the quality of products. Add the throwing of the film, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as the title character, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton, plus dance, Gwen Verdon and expectations may be raised that the resulting film can be done something special. But in the biblical theme of the script, as a rule, a subgenre tend to illogical motivation and beautiful interventions, all ultimately depend on the skill of the author. Philip Dunne put people here, a rare achievement in the biblical films. David is a man in this movie, is multifaceted and not someone makes a mythical things on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes it curious, ardent, self-control, self-deprecating and attractive. As Bathsheba, Hayward is hardly an ideal choice, but transmits a lot of common sense and emotional mundane normality, which helps explain why one king of Israel would risk so much for her. The rest of the cast is tall and can take turns. Familiar story gives them a little work, but the author of Dunn and the cast do as much as possible to the human situation. young David said in his memoirs; he was elected as a prophet Yahva be King of Israel, and gets his way, to be the second reign Saul Phiiistine defeating Goliath in the battle, when everyone else is afraid of the giant warrior beard. After that, he finally set in motion from the court of King Saul of Israel became famous warrior, and returns to claim the kingdom and become an instrument of death of Jonathan, the son of the king, a former friend. His war successful-- film starts actually with a scene of a successful attack; but his life is empty, since his wife Michal, Jayne Meadows, Saul's daughter, and cold to him. He turns to Beersheba, which he sees with the palace roof bathed naked; Later, she admits that she hoped that he would see her. But she has a husband, Uriah; when she becomes pregnant, it becomes necessary for Uriah to come from the battlefield and spend time at home; Instead, he asked David to set him at the forefront of the struggle, even after a dance called Verdon. David agrees. He was killed, the war hero; but it does not solve the issue of infidelity. Drought comes to Israel and the infidelity of the king accuse phenomenon. Finally, David puts his hands on the Ark of the Covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem, and was located in the church, which led to the death of other people accidentally come into contact with him, inviting his god to punish him - and nothing happens ... David comes out of the temple, and comes to the conclusion that the rain came to his parched earth. This film is always interesting, varied in its types of scenes and physically beautiful. Director and use the principle of the observer, and opened a successful humanization of character than almost any film outside Grecianized- Canon Middle East, in which the feat a little easier, as neither beautiful nor religious themes have been central to these adventures. , Well remembered the luminous implementation, excellent performance and intelligent dialogue, this dramatic effort bears numerous studies.
