Not being a supporter of the shooter, I was very hesitant to play this game. After playing in the demo, but I was sold. "Immortal" does manage to pull you into the game and be a part of the universe that your character is. Do you have this green amulet called «Gel'ziabar stone", which has special powers and warns you about specific events or things to look at. With a special spell "in scrye» you can see some things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Walk in the hallway, you suddenly hear a whisper of a magic stone, "Look", with stone light, such as in the painting. And then use scrye spell, you may see some strange and terrible things in the picture. Let me tell you, to bear witness to the way it's scary as hell. People who plan to finish this game in a few hours, can forget that even with the use of cheats. This game is based on the character, using wit and walk cautiously around. Because, as in any horror film your surroundings, usually quite dark. And ghosts and monsters appear in random order if you do not expect them and can kill you very quickly. There's this one scene where you want to enter the room where you pushed with so much force that it takes a moment for you to understand what happened. It was a scene that could have come straight from the classic film "The Evil Dead" horror! In order to experience something like this is a real achievement. There are many elements that take "Immortal" to the level of the best horror films of classic ever created. But, unfortunately, I must inform you that there are some drawbacks. On the one hand you play in the universe is huge. You start in a big mansion with all kinds of hidden, secret rooms, and even the hidden dimension of hell called «Oneiros». It's all good in the beginning. But with all the load times and some tough enemies between them, they can become frustrated. And not on the map. The game requires you to remember your surroundings. Therefore, patience is required. There are also some jumping puzzles that you have to do, otherwise you can not progress. I do not mind jumping on platforms in third-person adventure. But in first-person mode, which can be an annoying task. Fortunately, you can save at any time and in any place. And believe me, you'll need it. In general, "Immortal" is an extraordinary first-person shooter, which deserves to play any games or horror fan.
