My scalp still smart from the burning coals cap on it if I did not want that, I love this movie. Bring on the coals; I'm going to walk on them, and to say once again that I like "Bend It Like Beckham." Of course, there are plenty of "despite" in this recognition. It's a little movie-of-the-week; script on the side of the paint in amounts. And, most troublingly, director comments suggest that in this film the beauty to be found primarily among white skin <br /> <br /> brilliant film is not that obvious to Syd Field-treated eyes :. character arc, themes, and construction. This is both on the surface and what lies deep down, but not in those layers of artistic topsoil that reviewers seem to be the most frequently scratching. Powerful, sometimes half-dressed women's bodies are not just on display, but pushing the shit out of football do a better job of naturalized women's strength and agility than Lara Croft, or Zhang Ziyi will never do. This is a real body (Keira Knightley released), whose work does not look great, and the first blow with the butt later. They are the working bodies, whose beauty in their movement and self-determination. And in my book, leading actress Parminder heating is one of the most beautiful creatures ever captured on screen ?? not only because it can lay claim to this hackneyed definition "shining", but because her work is honest and un-bookish intellect that is quite convincing. <br /> <br /> As a result, women can enjoy the film without a sense of how they make a contract with the devil to do it. As in Chadha in "Bride and Prejudice" relations among women hiss with chemistry that can not be neatly slotted into a heavy, Sweet Valley High "Best Friends" or "sister." Chadha perhaps even directly in his comments to disavow the film flirting with lesbianism. "Bend It Like Beckham" is electricity that can not be reduced to a simple hetero / homosexual love triangle it conditionally structured scenario could be imagined. The exact nature of his pleasure, ultimately, little secrets ?? and the more seductive for her. <br /> <br /> Oh, and did I mention that it's fun?
