The saddest thing in this movie is the fact that only 8 people took care to leave a review about it and NO-ONE has seen fit to leave a comment on the message boards. <br /> <br /> Made in the same year as the Philadelphia ... Oscar-winner Tom Hanks ... this is a movie that people really need to see and gave the award. There is humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty of these two people than almost any other gay film I've seen ... and it's all true. <br /> <br /> In order for it to be printed I need to leave a few lines of text: suffice it to say that anyone who really wants to know what it's like to be gay in the 60s and 70s, and to understand, what AIDS was like the modern "cocktail" of the drug allowed people to breathe a little easier ... this film to see. <br /> <br /> Yes, and I add a personal comment about AIDS. in spite of all, there in fact it was a silver lining to the horror. When AIDS first arrived, he was called "gay cancer", and the government prefer to "let them die" rather than marnavats red cent on research to help save a bunch of cigarettes Then it became clear that AIDS will also be a heterosexual disease, but the government was not ready for it;.. So if straight people began to get sick, too, only organizations and associations that were available to them were the ones that were created by the gay (Examples: project Title: Blanket saved all those who have died of AIDS, Act Up, etc.), the result is that people who probably would never have come into contact with gay men in their ordinary life suddenly appeared, based on the x and are in need of them, because there are no other organizations. This close contact, in my estimation, is that finally broke the barriers of prejudice and allowed the direct light finally accept gays as equals. When AIDS first appeared on the scene, many of us thought that direct peace will use it as a way to go down still stronger than us ... and that it would probably be correct if not street suddenly became ill as well; Nevertheless, the progress that had been made in the gay liberation - to such an extent that, as I write this, there are at least five countries taking same-sex marriages - these gains are likely to have taken much longer without AIDS, to bring us together. It's sad to think that all these people - both straight and gay - had to die before our common humanity has become increasingly clear - but if what I'm writing here, though, and I think that's - that is little comfort to be admitted to the understanding that all of these people did not die in vain.
