"Dragonlord" sees Chan returned to his role as "Dragon" with "Young Master." Not much, I transferred from the first film, though. "Tiger," his older brother, was nowhere to be seen; none Marshall, his daughter or his son played great on his Yueni in the original film. Dragon has the same master, though - presumably all other students have moved on to other things. (Leni dragon when teaching drawn heavily in this film, so maybe he is still learning!) <br /> <br /> Originally called «Young Master In Love», the film sees the dragon (for first sixty minutes at least) holding villagers woman in various ways farce and stupid. His rival for her dedication to his friend (inappropriately called "Cowboy") played by longtime comic Chan member Mars Stunt-team. We see various scenes where their stupid schemes backfire. This is one of those scenes that we (hopefully) find the "Dragon" in over his head. <br /> <br /> This film is a notorious fact that he is not waiting at the checkout. Nevertheless, I believe that the expectations were pretty high, and I feel that this film has never been a fair decision based on its own merits. But even when I'm trying to do it, I still feel that there is a problem with the film. It seems quite unfocused, sometimes rushed, and I think that the action is too sporadic and not as brilliant as other works from this period Chan. <br /> <br /> The thing that really saves the movie ending sequence. As in the "young master", there is a fantastic finale drums that complete incredibly grueling action - you really feel every blow. Again, Chan goes against the same opponents of «The Young Master» (this is the same character?), And the time and energy here is brilliant. Chan's style of using the last bit of his entourage to help defeat his enemy - not only by relying on a purely physical ability - it is obvious here, as elsewhere. In the barn they struggle to complete a small drink smart jokes and improvisations. This is the absolute highlight of the film and one incredible career Chan. <br /> <br /> It is not necessary to see the prequel before viewing «Dragonlord», in fact, it can even have more questions than what he hopes to answer. But I must say that the original film is the ultimate movie and «Dragonlord», with its emphasis on girls chasing and team sports seem to be confused. Fortunately, a few fight scenes, which he offers (plus fantastic shuttle cock scene) to push it on the line as they should see a movie in this genre.
