This film should be seen in the right mood. Firstly, the central father-son relationship makes it pretty clear that the film was conceived as a prequel to his Wong Fei Hung movie "Drunken Master" (the idea of ​​this film is repeated in the «Drunken Master II), instead of" Young Master "; Chiang refused this plan and renamed the character shows that he was not sure that the material goes together properly, and, indeed, the film conveys the feeling of being incomplete, such as romance, around half of which plot twists are completely hanging at the end of film. "Young Master", for the same period, also feels unfinished, but at least all of its central strands connected to each other at the end. This film feels like Chan struggled with the plot and characters trying to find their central theme, only to abandon the effort, perhaps due to time and budget. <br /> <br /> Or, perhaps, the film simply over-ambitious. This is an important turning point in the Chan film career, because he is committed to developme nt of the central character above all other problems - which is why there is such a lack of kung fu for the film. Chan wants to make a historical romantic comedy that just happens to be a kung fu in it. But as a historical element and the romantic element across as little more than a plot-twists. <br /> <br /> This leaves us with the comedy. Because Chan is a caring character-development, a comedy in many respects the nature of the initiative - as in the conflict between the nature of Chan and his best friend, a dispute over a girl. But there are a lot of farce as well. Frankly, I find quite amusing comedy forgive story incomplete. <br /> <br /> This film is an attempt of the Chan to find a viable formula that he can use and develop for a long time. It does not quite work, and Chan would only find this formula after the rejection of the historical elements of his early films, with the adoption of modern action-comedy "Police Story". But coming back to see this movie yet very informative about how Chan worked its way through the historic genre, and perhaps why he abandoned it.
