Although Louis B. Mayer, reportedly without being interested in signing the young Greta Garbo to the agreement, is the first American and the MGM film for the actress looked quite beautiful. It is obvious that the film was nominated a strange talent to film production and to do matte paintings, as it has all the good polish and trick you would expect from the best photo studio can produce. It just looks beautiful. - even 84 years later <br /> <br /> As to the Garbo, others her earliest American films, she also looks different. Despite the fact that it is fully informative, her makeup is much milder than it would have been only a year later - to give her a less serious look and softness of it you just have not seen in these movies. I though they held this view, but given how famous she became a trademark look, who am I to say that they should not have to go this route? The film is about Garbo and how she and her family unjustly driven from their land by the lessor. While the hostess, so revered by Donna Bernard, claims that this is because the bank demanded payment, it's because her son fell Garbo - and what better way to get rid of it than to get them on the streets! Nice lady, huh? Years pass, and now Garbo became the new singing sensation, who is world-renowned. When she returns to her hometown years later, her old friend (who had promised to marry her, but weakened when his mother, Dona Bernarda, refused to allow it) to see her. His new love for the other lady is now checked - whether it will be content to marry this woman, who is the heir to a vast fortune pigs, or he wants his old flame? And, more importantly, will Garbo even take him back after he behaved so limp? At the same time, a huge downpour hits. Earth begins to fill the house and quickly now washed away by flood. Cortes and a mad dash each as dam breaks! In the scene where they apparently imposed his boat across the creek cascading, he eventually makes his living in the house, where Garbo stopped right now. It welcomes them in and they stay with it until the storm passes. Then, he admits that he still loves her, and that, in spite of the storm, to make sure that it is safe. She tells him to get lost! Then you'll see, Ricardo is going to marry his second choice, the daughter of the king of pork. He obviously has little enthusiasm for it - and you feel sorry for the lady, because she did not do anything wrong. Cortes soon seen wandering back home Garbo - he is in love and need it. In this scene, Garbo is quite light and can not tell him to go away - they dissolve in each other's arms. Once again, he tells her about his love for her. <br /> <br /> If Bernardo Donna finds out about this, she is not happy. Obviously, the Queen of Pork better catch than the world-famous singer. Due to the intervention of this nasty old lady Garbo leaves - not wanting to come between a mother and her snotty son. But Cortes runs - declares he must have it, and will not rest until he gets her to wife. Moments after making this proclamation, a family friend says Cortese and convinces him to give her the benefit of his career and reputation. So much for "not rest until he gets it for his wife," yes? Despite the Cortez to be a weakling through, for some reason, she could not bring myself to hate him. And now, he married the Queen of Pork and live a very dull life. If years through Garbo again meets Cortez, he looks vaguely middle-aged man - while she is beautiful, as always. And not surprisingly, she tells him again to get lost. <br /> <br /> At the time this film was made, Garbo was not a star in the United States and Cortes was. Thus, in light of this, it is surprising that they gave Cortes such bad character to play. Instead of the usual confident Valentino kind of role they were given to him, that he was indecisive wimp - HUGE wimp. And from that point on, his career has been on a slow downward spiral. As for Garbo, the role helped to establish it as a big star. - as it has been in the spotlight of the film and played the character as well as her later persona <br /> <br /> As for the film, the new music written since it was very nice, although a bit repetitive. Printing, oddly enough, was almost perfect in all for the titer of cards - that could use some recovery <br /> <br /> The most enjoyable film. - expertly crafted, thoughtful and worth a look. And for one of the few occasions when I think about it, I have no real complaints about this wonderful film.
