Sad and unhappy young beauty Zandana (and triumphantly hot and bright performance luscious brunette knockout Erika Anderson) feels trapped in a loveless marriage stale and failed poet and a decent, yet dull businessman Thierry Martin (solid and reliable image of the judge Reinhold). Zandana a stormy affair with the wrong running and arrogant artist John Collins (played magically mucous handle Nicolas Cage). Whether between Thierry relations and Zandana escape? Or things fall apart and go to seed? Directed by Sam Pillsbury and screenwriter Marie Kornhauser lying on the tawdry soap opera-style theatrics that fat, trying to tell a serious wannabe and a cautionary tale about the desire to run amok and its potentially dangerous consequences; the plot is nicely off the rails in a ridiculously theatrical last third. Dialogue also funny stupid and vulgar (sample line: "I want to shake you naked and eat you alive"). Moreover, this film certainly gives a lot of delicious female nudity (beautifully statuesque looks Anderson smokes naked) and hissing half-soft-core pornographic sex scene (Johnny Zandana do their dirty work in the church confessional booths rate as defined in pairs selection). Tart'n'tangy installation New Orleans adds extra spice to the already stifling production. With his long, messy black hair, greasy mustache, dirty mouth, and rude manners, Johnny Cage is an absolute hoot as the single most grossly unattractive "romantic" leads to ever take place on his way to film. The cast deserve props for the acts with admirable candor: Anderson, Cage and Reinhold everyone does a respectable job with their units, with excellent support from Joe Pantoliano as a cheerful bright homosexual one Zandana in Jerry, Viveca Lindfors, as a wise, insightful mother Theirry in Tatta, Aaron Neville as friendly bartender Jack and Steve Buscemi as a funny, light-hearted shameless thief. sharp and brilliant cinematography Walt Lloyd gives a picture of an attractive glossy appearance. Flavorsome, harmonious score Pray for rain also is an excellent choice. Magnificent mannered and purl riot.
