I saw "New York: I Love You» today and loved it! I'm really looking forward to seeing it after watching the «Paris Je t'aime" and in general, I think I liked this one much better ... Maybe I need to look "Paris Je t'aime» Again, I do not I know ... I've read a few reviews here about New York:. ILY and let the film is not without drawbacks If you're paying tribute to the city, like New York city - it can be quite overwhelming, and nothing seems fair enough to make the city due justice ... and do not specify any of the disadvantages of the film, I just write about what I loved <br /> <br /> Unlike «P aris Je t'aime », in which each short film director has been properly segmented and called New York :. ILY is not, and many observers over here find wholeness stories and characters overlap is annoying and even confusing. I . I thought otherwise I loved these stories just flowed one after another, and I especially loved the characters overlap - it may be useless as it is done so often in the movies nowadays. But I still liked it, because I did not find it made. And the idea that we are all connected in the end, is a thoughtful, even bizarre quality to it -., Which some may find trite, but I believe beautiful <br /> <br /> I liked all the movies, but one that He touched me the most was the one to Attalia with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It was so well acted and the script, which indicates the end - again, not unused in the past - brought me to tears and I cried throughout the segment that was. I've always loved Wright Penn, and now I am also a fan of Chris Cooper. These valuable initial few seconds, when he stands alone outside the restaurant, just before he gets the call -. Speak volumes about the ability of Cooper to convey the character, just by being there, not saying a word, <br /> <br /> Most of the stories the film include characters that either meet everyone for the first time met each other only in the recently, with the exception of 4-5 stories in which the characters have known each other for a long time. It seemed to me (and I could be wrong) that the stories were different, but they are trying to drive home the point, the need even to just take a step back and see the new people in the world and the things that we already know in our lives for a long time ; to see people and things around you with the eyes of a stranger and evaluate them in the same way as you did when you met with them and saw them for the first time. <br /> <br /> Other movies that I liked were ones Sunde Iwai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Jerry Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Thirlby, in Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and again one by Ivan Attal with Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana, if they are in a cafe. I really need to see more work by Atta, it seems to me, like it a lot! <br /> <br /> In general, watch this movie with an open mind. Do not read reviews before watching it! He can not live up to your expectations of what should be a movie, and love in New York, and I doubt that any movie will really live with this concept. Just watch this film for good music, beautiful landscape cinematography, a naturalistic comfort and a story or two that could just tug at your heartstrings.
