New York, I Love You finally make it to our shores, and its 10 short stories about love for some reason did not find sufficient grounds to be released for Valentine's probably due to the fact that this year's festival also falls on the Lunar New year and with it comes the usual LNY blockbusters from the likes of Jackie Chan (no, not the Spy next Door) and the local director Jack Neo, which is traditionally released his latest film in this period with stunning success. So why fix a formula that was not broken? <br /> <br /> Continuing the concept, where Paris, Je t'aime began in spawning Cities of Love franchise (Shanghai next, so says the end of the closing credits here), the noise here, of course, which are intertwined stories set in one of the cities in the world to provide different interpretations of the filmmakers just come up with stories based on love as the theme, at least someone probably forgot to tell Scarlett Johansson are some subtleties in the rules sandpit ground, and her short unceremoniously dropped from the theatrical edition of what could not inscribe Camping in everything else (well, it was filmed in black and white), but there is hope that it will make it to DVD, at least. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the number of less fragmented in comparison to its predecessor, which, if I remember there were some stories set within its own borders and will never break out of its artificial border created. Here is a little more freedom is given where characters from different stories interact over short distances envelope used for the elimination of scenes together, not only depends entirely on the pick up shots, taken from buildings and landscapes, in the hopes of making things look a bit more than a fluke with the idea of ​​random encounters among strangers, although one story insidiously accepted this way of thinking for their own story to bring a surprise, although already seen in Paris. <br /> <br /> One of the top draw of sitting through a film like this, of course, the creative forces that lie behind the stories of writers, directors and cinematographers from different geographical regions and backgrounds mirror makeup cosmopolitan city, come together for a film concept . And what is also star-studded cast with big names among the lesser-known of them all to raise rates through the picture perfect performance, whether it is the entire length of the short, or as a support for the establishment of a. You can not deny the original star dreams in recognition of notables from Irrfan Khan Natalie Portman (who also had writing and directing duties), Rachel Bilson (looks just like Bardot) at the blue eye boy Spielberg Shia LaBeouf, who suddenly can act and show more for a few minutes here than all his filmography to date. <br /> <br /> History wise, like any anthology, you will find some that will automatically turn to you, and others who don "t. Some of them are just in nature, while others have come up with a trick turns, which fortunately worked. But these 10 stories plus 1 (because Randall Bolsmeyer got responsibilities integrate all together for a more organic feel, and not just pick up the shooting lesser known areas and set targets) somehow missed more "anything goes" spirit of its predecessor, with stories more rooted in reality, compared with some fantastic elements in the previous film (Elijah Wood dalliance with the vampire anyone?), or even less adventurous with his narrative style (Christopher Doyle, and Tom Tykwer starring Natalie Portman). Here, it seemed that the filmmakers have chosen very much for the safe, no one venturing into the spirit of adventure and experimentation. <br /> <br /> Minor quibbles aside, I still use almost all the shorts here, contrary to what many others felt about it. The format of the short film is still very much alive, and strung them especially under the banner of love city works well, and left me wondering what other cities or have been included in its composition. I hope that, perhaps, the franchise will catch on and spread its influence here. We certainly have enough prolific filmmakers be stringing in Singapore, I love you, and so crossing my fingers that may have something to materialize down the road. Otherwise, there is always the Sawasdee Bangkok route just do it without any investment house rules of the franchise.
