When I was born, this television series was the number one show on the T.V. !! America is the personification of the ultimate feat fatted calf country with big ambitions, limitless potential and very comfortable economy !! After the big Sunday dinner, why not sit back and watch "Bonanza", full color !!! This home is western American tradition that accompanies the self-satisfaction of a typical US household in the era in which it was viewed .. Exciting Film Lake Tahoe symbolizes the infinite prosperity is formed American culture !! Western movies were so popular that Western television shows followed suit !! It was a time in our country, which longed metric map to fight for the survival of our country !! The final test result and tribulations on the Ponderosa Ranch, as shown in the series, called the realization that Americans are now enjoying the fruits of encouraging Cartwright painstaking labor force !! <br /> <br /> TV show "Bonanza" was popular because a lot of different reasons, mainly due to the fact that the late fifties and early sixties, has not yet established a controversial two different cultural mentalities, which was prepared for the surface of the our nation! Combining ideologies in the United States, which prevailed at the time of the debut of "Bonanza" was a big reason for the success of the show !! over the next years show "Bonanza" was established firmly reinforce the main market of the television audience !! Bringing in "Bonanza" it became known, and the car ysnym entertainment "Bonanza" embraces camaraderie for the All-American idealist !! I liked everything "Bonanza" and a lot of Americans are totally loved it !! Thinking about the debacles of family values ​​is sometimes many Americans have been the favorite, and the TV show "Bonanza" perfect for this frame of mind !! I enjoyed the show a lot, and most people I know, like how well !! of course, my whole family loved "Bonanza" !! This show is one of the all-time classics in the US television history !!
