Walt Disney and his 9 elders put their own spin on the classic 1950 tale of Cinderella, I guess you could say, it helps to establish an informal "fairy tale princess trilogy" from the classic Disney years. <br /> <br /> story: Cinderella is a good girl who can not catch a break. She is the daughter of a good, rich widower who loved her dearly, but her mother had died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's father felt that needed a mother figure, so that he eventually married the woman who would become known as Lady Tremaine, herself a widow with two daughters about the same age, like Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first everything seemed that they were plotting, but then his father Cinderella is dead, and the true nature of Lady Tremaine was revealed - it was a cold, cruel, callous, heartless, mean spirited woman, and she passed these traits on her daughters, who were spoiled, obstinate, and equally resistant medium. Anastasia and Drizella hate Cinderella, because they know that, deep down, that it looks better, and overall better, more attractive woman than itself (that is, the more attractive for men), as well as their mother, Lady Tremain hates Cindy for quite the same reason. The years went by Lady Tremaine began to squander the family status in persistent but futile quest to improve / refine its clumsy, unattractive daughter (call them "home" would be an insult to the comfortable people around the world), and three related Cinderella be the servant of multitasking at home abusing her, abuse her and humiliating her every chance they get (they especially love to increase its already absurd load). This brings us to Cinderella at the moment, where she blossomed into a good looking young lady who some way manages to keep a good heart and nice, despite her abusive step-families and keeps on the hope that one day it will turn into a table favor. <br /> <br /> Cinderella gets her shot at freedom and happiness when the royal ball held to acquaint the local prince competent young girl so that he could marry her, to settle down, start a family, etc. . Of course, her step-family is trying to keep her from participation, even so far as to physically assault her and breaks the dress she bought for himself (with a little help from her mice friends - dress belonged to her biological mother), finally comes out of its watershed moment, Cinderella runs out into the yard and shouted in despair. It was at that moment that her fairy, short, plump, cheerful woman, comes and provides Cinderella with the transport and transform the dress (in the end, Cinderella would not make a very good impression on the ball when it came to the scene, looking like she'd just that raped). Cindy comes to the ball, the prince falls hard for her, but annoying midnight rule stands in the way, forcing her to flee, but leaving behind a glass slipper. Make a long story short - after a long agonizing quest to find a mysterious girl trying on glass slipper, Cinderella found, and she and the Prince marry, giving it a happy ending it deserves <br /> <br />. Overall, a nice Disney classic. Not without flaws, the most striking of which is the fact that the prince a little more than a MacGuffin to help push the story along - he has very little time on the screen and even less dialogue, so we never really know him well and get a good look at his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate, since, according to a documentary, Prince was originally intended to play a more active role), as well as some additional scenes that could help specifying Cinderella herself would be helpful (there was a song, which pack room her dream of transformation in the army maids clean the house and eavesdropping on her family a step after the ball, to show her fun in their jealousy, which was cut because he thought Walt, she looked angry), however, Cinderella herself quite likeable character, even if it upstaged by her friends the mice, and there is sweetness to the film, which is becoming harder to find these days. Of course, if this were done now, Cinderella will probably put more of a fight against her family during the dress ripping scene and will probably be released in the climax (or by selecting withdraw or make it impractical to another exciting leap down. From the window), but it beside the point <br /> <br /> and for all those who say that Cinderella sets a bad example for young girls, well, consider this - at least not walk Cinderella getting publicly drunk and indecently exposed, unlike some modern day "princesses" (you know Who I mean).
