People criticize Disney animated 1950s for being too glossy, set in landscapes that are too pristine. This criticism is valid. And yet it can not be the whole story, because the two are not less glossy - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, set in a world in which the very dirt glitters is undoubtedly the best. <br /> <br /> It looks good. Backgrounds are subtle and consistent; Colors are clean, without being too bright. Animations varies slightly. I swear that some of the people are rotoscoped - but then, as rotoscoped people (including myself Cinderella) is not full-blooded characters in the script, so this approach works quite well. It's really the animals that make the film. I think that the studio never used enough animals in such a way before, like totems, not allies. Mice, for example, are creatures that draw us into the story; but they are in fact representatives of the Allies or more colorless Cinderella. Cat, Lucifer is its native witch familiar evil stepmother. (Cat brilliantly conceived and animated -... One of the best creations of the cat all the time control was animator Ward Kimball, and he modeled his own cat to wonder how he put up with animals) This allows the animal to steal the show, without attracting attention from the main plot. Their actions are of greatest interest is only in the light of the main plot. <br /> <br /> Among his notable people kept swinging King and Grand Duke. The King is the one note character - he wants grandchildren, and appears to have no other desire at all - but the note is struck in a pleasant manner. The Grand Duke is resentful character who deserves to be raised from its sphere as well as Cinderella does. (Although it is certainly richer.) <br /> <br /> «Cinderella" is the return of Disney especially after eight years, and neither with him nor with any next film he would recapture the raw brilliance of his early years . In addition, it has made things difficult for themselves by choosing "Cinderella." It is a passive character, and there is not much anyone can do about it. (Maybe I'm wrong on that score - I have not seen lately «Ever After».) Yet remarkably, how successful Disney was bringing this hopeless life story, not penetrating the grain of his spirit.
