Legendary film producer Walt Disney brought the three greatest in the world of fairy tales to the screen. They remain one of the most popular animated movies of all time. The first was his groundbreaking classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", released in 1937. The latter was then under appreciated "Sleeping Beauty", which made its debut in 1959 between the two, perhaps, his most satisfying adaptation of the classic fairy tale "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films, "Cinderella" is one of the most accurate of its origin. Ironically, unlike the "Snow White", which for better or worse, has become for many the ultimate version of this story. "Cinderella" does not follow the same path. Although it was a hit, and as "Snow White", was responsible for the restoration of declining state of Disney, he has never achieved the same recognition of the audience, which certainly deserves. Disney, for once, did himself proud by Sun forge a classic, instead of developing and adding a substance to the tale, not to rewrite it on the screen. The result was magical. <br /> <br /> The combination of excellent animation (in the beautifully soft Technicolor) and make voice talents came and brought the story to life with radiance, which remains to this day. Ilene Woods, who was a radio singer recorded a demo disc songs as material authors of mercy, Al Hoffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. If Disney had heard them, he knew he had found his Cinderella. And indeed, he did. Woods soulful renditions of "Dream Wish Your Heart Makes", "So This Is Love» and «On Sing Sweet Nightingale" perfect. Eleanor Audley, who would go on to sound bad in "Sleeping Beauty", masterfully captured icy cruel stepmother and Rod Williams and Lucille Bliss was convincingly reverse stepsisters. Louis Van Rutno perfectly executed and how the king and the Grand Duke, and James McDonald was punished and how JAQ and Gus, a devotee of Cinderella mice. William Phipps has little dialog box as a prince (the future talk show host Mike Douglas lent his singing voice), but the film (and Disney) veteran, Verna Felton was born to play a fairy, and she made the best room (the Oscar-nominated "Bibbidi-Bobbidi -Boo ") her own show-stopper. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the "look" of the movie, Mary Blair, whose inspired use of color fascinated by Disney. Her elegant French-period backgrounds add immensely to the quality of the film. But the most important thing "are believable characters - from Cinderella, until Lucifer, the evil magical cat stepmother. They bring life and dynamism to the often told story, something very difficult to create a cartoon film. <br /> <br /> In connection with the 55th anniversary of the film (and not so coincidentally, the approaching holiday season) "Cinderella" has just been released on a special edition DVD. He just never looked better. Fully restored film should be seen to be appreciated - suffice it to say, it looks great. Enhanced stereo soundtrack was added, and the music is good. A DVD-extras, a standard part of the Disney Platinum editions, too many to list here, but, as usual, some of them aimed at children, some of them are inclined to adults and the rest are somewhere in between. But the real fans want to get a Deluxe Gift Set, because, together with the actual cell from the movie and eight sketches of characters, it includes a 160-page hardcover book, which not only includes most of the material found in the book since 1995 a special edition of home video release, but much more as well. As usual for Disney's "Cinderella" will be available only for a limited time. So, if like me, you 'Cinderella' lover, get it now! This edition is truly "Dreams Come True".
