And here is one more evidence to say that we should all worship the Italian Giallo and recognize that this is absolutely the most unique sub-genre of horror. Miralem «The Red Queen Kill Seven Times» is quite mesmerizing beatific original drawing, stylish production values, divine music, great acting talent and ingenuity of bloody murder sequences. This fabulous Giallo (released in gold in 1972), which belongs in the top five every fan of Italian cinema. The storyline is not simply enter your average black glove and sexually unsatisfied killer, but combines the good old fashioned revenge motives with a horrible myth of the predatory "Red Queen". At a young age, their grandfather tells constantly fighting brothers and sisters Kitty and Evelyn on the creepy lady who, every 100 years on April 6, killing seven people, including her sister is the latest victim of the inevitable. Fourteen years later, Kitty has become a successful choreographer prominent modeling agency (even sharing her bed with the CEO), when suddenly starts killing spree. Sister Evelyn will be obvious culprit, but she moved to the United States in recent years ... Or is it? Difficult as convincing and involving red herring thrown at you every few minutes, and the character of Red Queen, by far, the most spectacular killer in Giallo-stories. Her face could not be seen, but it is a blood-red cape and produces the most horrible laughter when she made a new victim. It is not quite tender or her victim brutally stabbed with a dagger, led to cars and even planted on the walls! This last one is really one of the biggest (= most disgusting) violence I have ever seen! What else could you possibly ask for? Some classy and tasteful nudity, perhaps? Stunning female actress received is more than covered, among them Barbara Bouchet and young Sybil Danning. Miralem not the most famous Giallo-director, he only did that one and also recommend "The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave", but his influence and importance should not be overlooked.
