There are very few artists who can now keep me captivated throughout the film just by his presence. One of the few, Judy Davis, who has built a successful career creating characters that are stubborn against, but very vulnerable to heart. She assumes the role that most other performers will treat theatrical and adds a fiery, deeply emotional intensity that draws attention away from everything else on the screen. <br /> <br /> Her skills are well displayed in the «High Tide," the film that corresponds to it a second time with director Gillian Armstrong, who gave Davis her first major success with "My brilliant career." In this film, Davis played a young woman who was determined to make it in the world, in spite of the suffocation she felt from her community and education. The «High Tide», however, the character of Davis, Lily, approximately opposite: she gave up all hope of her future when she was young, and, having given birth to a child runs away from his responsibilities and takes a life without direction or meaning. When she finally found her daughter years later, the idea of ​​taking care of her baby daze; she knows that this is her chance to atone for his failures, but it can be honest with her daughter and still get her respect? <br /> <br /> Gillian Armstrong usually tell stories about characters who desperately want to communicate with each other, but faces obstacles created by their personal habits and predilections. "Oscar and Lucinda", for example, was about a man and a woman who desperately needed love each other, but were always overwhelmed by their thirst by chance, through their gambling habits. Here, we are immersed in the world of the family, torn apart by the mother's inability to commit to a settled way of life and its struggles to redeem himself, despite being fully convinced that it is too late to change for the better. This is not just a film with great performance at its center, but also a rare achievement: a fully convincing history of salvation.
