while the hard-boiled detective stories of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler adapted for the cinema, like the fox in the henhouse - in fact the creation of completely modern American genre and style in the process - those that can be called the golden age of science fiction made little no impression at all. The problem with books like in Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers, or S. Van Dine (at work which this film is based) is that they are low on action or variety - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe cross the mean streets of Los Angeles, a working class apartment blocks, bars, offices, rich mansions, and meet all kinds of exciting danger and violence, the Golden age of science fiction, as a rule, is fixed in place, the murder scene, as a rule, generous vacation at home, and shall be limited to the investigation clues and interviewing beneath PARTICULAR. This procedure is very static, the story boils down to the puzzle <br /> <br /> This, of course, just like everything else the ideological, the Golden Age stories relating to all of society, hostile to change and movement. that hard-boiled novels entry urban reality all the more moving away from the center (the two bodies, and municipalities), dividing into the enemy or uncontrolled and illegal camp. Another serious problem with the golden age of science fiction character - because we can not know the answer to crime to an end, we can not get access to the motivations of the characters and emotions, is determined solely by their potential need for murder. Detective, unlike caring, prejudice covered by private eyes, just there to be brilliant, and perhaps a little eccentric. <br /> <br /> The problem with most films with Golden Age books is that they are trying to be restored during the school Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen, and looks ridiculous in the end. There have been successes, such as the radical processing with Eller Queen and other Claude Chabrol. In the English-speaking world, there are really only two. Alastair Sim classic "Green For Danger», works because it pushes the form of almost a parody, while never betraying the integrity or interest in secrecy. <br /> <br /> By Michael Curtis came brilliantly «The Kennel Murder case". The narrative purely golden age. Nasty character is introduced, which gives the number of potential suspects reason to kill him. He duly killed, it would seem, Foolproof way that points to suicide, fell into the locked room. The caricature of police fall hopelessly for the bait. It is to Philo Vance, gentleman and amateur detective, neither old nor fat, to read more tips penetrating, open the case of the outside of the room, and ultimately decide the case, the body to be little more than an excuse for. intellectual stimulation <br /> <br /> Interestingly, this is not a detective story - which is only ever likely to be poor, since all decisions - although it is rarely less than entertaining and full of bits of comic business. There is not even really attempt to "blow up" the image of the ideal detective - there is one disturbing scene where a hard face rough sergeant suspected, without protest Vance, but that's about it. <br /> <br /> What is the level of "kennel" as a classic is its modernity. Curtiz is generally not considered a great filmmaker, because he has no consistent theme or evidence of artistic development. But he was the greatest master of Hollywood, and he is on sensational form here. if the detective story of the golden age of a puzzle, Curtiz takes this idea is a logical extreme, creating abstract variations on its source, reducing the narrative, character and location to the geometry, a number of lines from the beautiful art-deck sets a nice camera movements, who suddenly broken by the static composition, and how they slide furiously at an angle, to shake off the decor to life. <br /> <br /> This procedure comes to history, which refuses realism, is a model that makes the detective story in the hall of mirrors, the two brothers of the central or original crime itself, borrowed from the book "unsolved mysteries. It is the world of fantasy nasty rich people who collect oriental relics (shades «The Moonstone»?), incomprehensible Chinese servants, former prisoners were butler dog loving FOPS, Runyonesque cops, is an ideal habitat for Vance, the man who will fall cruise to Europe on mudrage Tell guess who knows the social world of these people, and yet infected by his interest in crime and in conjunction with the police, or if it was nothing more than a thinking machine, William Powell, the great American comedian decades, boldly assigning its particular humanity. <br /> <br /> But if you cut the treatment, menopause spectacularly brutal, involving vicious dogs and attempted murder. The police and the detective must be crime prevention, guilty of inciting one.
