There are movies that everyone Horror fan owes himself (or herself) to see, and Miralem in «La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte» aka. "The Red Queen Kills Seven times" (1972) is certainly one of them. With Gialli and Gothic tales to be two of my favorite sub-genre of horror, I'm looking forward to see this movie for a long time, and despite the fact that my expectations were high, this masterpiece has exceeded my greatest hopes. formerly Giallo Miraglia, in "The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave" (1971) was already a terrible and very atmospheric film, which has successfully mixed with Giallo Gothic horror, but it can not compare with this instant personal favorite. "The Red Queen Kills Seven times" is, hands down, one of the most unique and superior Italian horror films ever, and not a fan of the genre could not see it does not suffice. Incredibly fascinating Giallo with strong gothic elements, "The Red Queen" delivers all one could hope for in any subgenre: the inventive and incredibly compelling story, terrible uncertainty and sublime supernatural atmosphere and really horrible atmosphere, horrible gorgeous colors, stylish murder, shining through, and not least, a beautiful woman cast the lead in a stunningly beautiful Barbara Bouchet. - this film is simply one of the most exciting combination of elegant beauty and pure terror <br /> <br /> the film begins in an incredibly beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As a little girl, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister, Evelyn struggled when their grandfather tells them the story of the incredibly terrible picture: Legend has it that the devil's Red Lady, to return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) became a successful fashion photographer. All of a sudden, people start getting killed ... Director Miraglia already proved his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and colorful horror with "The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave," and he uses these elements even much more effective in this gem, "Red Jawbreaker seven times "is a feast for the eyes really, and one of the most overwhelming of Italian horror films both visually and story wise. Obsessive pattern in the grandfather's castle alone is able to give the audience goose bumps. Red Lady (or the Red Queen, as it is called in English the title), perhaps the most diabolical character ever in Giallo, spine terrible laughter that accompanied the murder would be even frightening in itself. <br /> <br /> A sexy female cast is always appreciated, especially in Giallo, and this is a prime example of this. Gorgeous Barbara Bush (one of my favorite actresses) should be one of the most stunningly beautiful women ever to appear on the screen, and it is an outstanding actress, too. Presence BOUCHET has graduated many Italian clicks, among others spoke, she starred in three of the greatest religious masterpieces of the Italian 70s movies in one year (1972): Fernando Di Leo «Milano Calibro 9," Fulci in Giallo-highlight "Don" t Flay duckling "and the unforgettable gem. Besides excellent Miss Bush, a beautiful female cast includes sexy young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti ( "The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave") and other beautiful women who are not afraid to expose it to the camera. <br /> <br /> As the whole movie, killing stylish and very elegant, but it is terrible and horrible, and some of them are pretty bloody. mesmerizing score by Bruno Nicolai is as memorable as it gets, and makes a horrible intense atmosphere of the film even more memorable. The plot ingeniously intricate and full of red herrings in increses level of tension with each passing minute. "The Red Queen ..." begins the terrible, and it is stunning to the last second. Overall, this is one of the films that I can not find enough words of praise. "The Red Queen Kills Seven times" an absolute masterpiece, which is easily one of the best Gialli ever done, and a priority for every fan of horror and / or Italian cinema to see. 10/10
