Michael Curtis directed it in 1930 is a very stylish detective novel from a screenplay by Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel was adapted "Kennel Murder Case," perhaps from the point of view of the writer of the best secrets of Philo Vance by a strange S.S. Van Dyne. Vance was formulated a long time and a great detective genius and his character being appointed William Powell is likely to mean that the Warner Brothers company executives were aware of the possibility that in the hands of the less attractive detective could alienate viewers. Fortunately, they are courteous William Powell to the first character.; Later he played Basil Rathbone, Warren William, and Paul Lucas, before you go in the «B» Picture status.The another question, as always with the leadership of Warner Brothers that is why they chose Vance as a symbol; their tendency was to choose a person acting outside the law, without apparent discrimination between the vicious killer and a champion of individual rights against all comers. This film is a despicable villain who gets killed and claustrophobically complex language in a residential complex. Symbols undoubtedly extremely well understood, the direction is pretty good, and unusually fast-paced; and darkish kind of B / W, with the exception of the film avoids comic asides, extra characters and unnecessary dialogue characteristic of many early records of detectives. Okay, Jack made a good art direction. Music Berhard Kaun is serviceable; Orry-Kelly made costumes. William Reese filed mostly closed cinematography. In an interesting cast, Phil Vance Powell of his time, mostly sober with just a hint of sardonic here and there. Eugene Palette better than usually play very straight as keen police partner in Vance, with his very professional time. Another actor who comes off better than a beautiful floor Cavangh, very effective, as always in what was written in the form of a red herring pieces. Mary Astor is attractive, but at this point in her career, she said a little too quickly to be as effective as it later proved. Also in the cast were Helen Vinson, a woman villain, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (best known as the brother of Frank Morgan), Robert Barrat as the villain everyone has a reason to kill Archer Coe and Frank Conroy, his handsome brother Robert McWade as the DA; kind and funny Etiienne Girardeau is perfectly ingenious part as a funny little doctor forensics, which comes on the scene. James Lee is a Chinese servant abused beautiful and smart. History is divided into four parts. Firstly there Shad case for dog show, where Vance, II and Cavanagh all show West Highland White Terrier. Cavanagh dog is killed by Coe, to prevent him from winning the title in their own records. The second part of the scene includes saluting; someone confused enough those who have gone where aftermarket parts from his girlfriend, Vinson, to kill his brother with a good mistake. Enter Vance to find out who in Archer Coe in a locked room, and how, with the help of a palette; romantic difficulties are straightened, the Chinese employee is released, we'll find out who broke an expensive vase that will marry with someone like Archer Coe has been done and why the butler did not do it - but someone has a good reason to do. This is more than a good little secret that the Hungarian-born Curtiz specialist director took very seriously. It wipes rapid reduction and change the camera angle interleave between the line and bold camcorder operation to achieve diversity, interest and steady rate. Many writers, critics and experts, including myself, believe that this is the best Vance projects, although other respected as well.
