"Markham," says the venerable gentleman crime solver Phil Vance (William Powell) District Attorney, "I'm coming more and more to believe that Archer Coe was murdered in this room. Poker, this dagger sheath, now they fragment ... it's all here. " "But Vance," Markham says, "you're saying that the dead man upstairs?" "I'm not trying to tell you anything other than the facts," says Vance. "This is the perfect case in my experience." <br /> <br /> We're friendly. Wealthy, arrogant Archer Coe, do not like, it seems everyone who knew him, was found fallen on a chair in his bedroom, with a gun in his hand and shot in the head. But wait. Further research shows a third was hit with a blunt instrument, which fractured his skull. Then there was a dagger in his back. Complicating matters is that the bedroom door Coe and all the windows were locked from the inside. Coe was not a suicide; it was murder. But as a murderer escaped? Which was a particular motivation, since there are so many suspects? And why Brother Coe, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the main floor of the closet? <br /> <br /> The Kennel murder case, now 73 years old, continues to provide a stylish look to the old locked- room classic whodunit. What makes it work so well as it does in the first place, the mystery is complicated and clever, but still reasonable. Second, it's funny, assured performance of William Powell. Consider his work as Philo Vance, somehow, as a rehearsal for his great performances as Nick Charles. Few things escape Vance. He uses his mind to collect things. It is also a good company. Powell was a star in the twenties and moved up in status and popularity when cordless phones have undertaken. His intelligence, style and sophistication of efforts have made it one of the most modern imaginary actors from the past. <br /> <br /> It is also nice to see a few other large surfaces. There, Mary Astor as Hilda Lake, the young, resentful and potentially rich in His House; Paul Coffee is called Brit hovers around Hilda; Helen Vinson from it especially hot and selfish way (watch her do her stuff to do in the Vogues 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a little old man, as a fussy Dr. Doremus, whose job as coroner and medical examiner continue to take it from the food; and Ralph Morgan as his personal secretary Archer. This film has a high percentage of middle-aged men without an ounce of fat, which can wear tight, cut English suits individual with ease. Most of the Palette Eugene, with his generous belly and gravel voice, as Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are old friends who really seem to like each other.
