I watch a lot of movies, good, bad and indifferent; usually have something interesting to get hung up on, even if it is only set design, or reliability of a good character actor, and occasional laughter that arises from viewing inept captured forever. <br /> <br /> However, I was very pleasantly surprised with this movie, which I had never seen before. Graham Greene was transferred to film many times, of course, in such masterpieces as «Thin Man» and in smaller vehicles. «Confidential Agent» is one of those small vehicles, but it manages to have somewhere in any case, in spite of the vague direction of the absurdity of Bacall and Boyer image as (respectively) Britain and Spain, as well as almost complete nonexistence of any chemistry between the two leads. In a sense, this is the last "problem" really starts to work for the good of the film, for how can love really flourish in an atmosphere of fascist murder and meetings of capitalism on the one human tragedy? The most compelling aspect of the film arises directly from the complex and wines covered Greene psychology that permeates the film. I know that some see an intentional walk is boring, and I can understand that. However, I found that perseverance is accentuated, and does not detract from the fact that the claustrophobic world. I was forced to watch rather than any big action (although Boyer amazing, as usual, managing to convey a rich blend of world weariness, tragedy, hope and enthusiasm with his beautiful voice and melancholy eyes), but on the down spiral of breaking the thin hope of one man against the world of oppression and money. What is the thief? What good is love in the face of death? Where a fixation end and operating profit to start? The film does not rise to the level of art, and, therefore, can not hope to answer these questions, but it is much more than just entertainment, and its murder and guilts very grimly drawn. Lack luster, with "bubble" story "Ricochet" help to make this film very helpful. <br /> <br /> And there's a happy ending, because history has written the ending.
