Brilliant picture Gregory Peck Douglas MacArthur from the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the beginning of the Pacific War is largely up to remove it, as the United Nations command during the Korean War offers a reason to believe that all three of the above options. Of course, the most controversial American general of World War II (and possibly ever) MacArthur presented here as a man of massive controversy. He claims that the soldiers primarily seek peace, but it is obviously in the glory of war; he has consistently denied any political ambitions, but almost everything that he is doing it intentionally used to improve himself as a presidential candidate; He obviously believes that the soldiers under his command to follow his orders, but he deliberately defying the orders of the President of the United States; he shows a lot of respect for other cultures (particularly in the Philippines and Japan), and yet completely cut off from their own country. All of these things are held in balance throughout the film, and in the end the audience is to make their own conclusions about the person, though one does not doubt that MacArthur sincerely and passionately loved his country, and especially in the army, he has dedicated his life <br /> <br /> Pekka performance was, as I said, great. - up to a point, in fact, with almost eclipsed all others in the film (which may, incidentally, considering who reflect!) With the possible exception of Ed Flanders. I though he offered a compelling look at the Harry S. Truman and his attitude toward MacArthur: sarcastic (repeatedly referring to MacArthur as "His Majesty"), angry, frustrated, and finally, completely sated by this general, who just will not respect his authority as president , Marj Dusay as intriguing as MacArhur wife Jean, dedicated to her husband (whom she referred to as "General", although their relationship seems to have been quite happy with one.) I really liked this movie, though perhaps I would like to have learned little more about MacArthur beginning of life. I always laughed at MacArthur's reaction to Eisenhower to be elected president ( "He will make an excellent president - he was the best damn clerk I've ever had" - which seems to sum up what MacArthur thought the president role should be, especially his military commanders during war.) Well worth watching. 8/10
