It is worth noting that this is only my third review of this film, while `Patton- thirst for glory" before producer Frank McCarthy biography controversial American general in World War II, has attracted about a hundred comments to date. Like the previous reviewer, I am intrigued why a movie should have received so much more attention than others. <br /> <br /> One of the differences between the two films that `the Patton" more focused, concentrating on a relatively short period and immediately after the Second World War, while the `MacArthur" covers not only the war but also the role of a subject in the Korean war, as well as his time as governor of the American-occupied Japan during the break. <, Br /> <br /> The main difference, however, is how to play the two leaders. Gregory Peck dominates this film even more than George C. Scott dominated `Patton». While Scott was another major star, Karl Malden, playing against him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in the `MacArthur 'are household names, at least, for their work in film. Scott, of course, Patton portrayed as aggressive and fiery-tempered man who was sometimes at war with the rest of humanity, and not only with the enemy. I suspect that in real life, General MacArthur was volcanic man as Patton, but it is not as it appears in this film. MacArthur Pekka has a reflective, thoughtful bent comparable to the liberal intelligentsia, he played in several other films. Sometimes he even seems to be a man of the political left. Much of his speech about the Japanese surrender in 1945, might have been written, paid member of CND, and its policy of reforming Japanese society during the American occupation has a semi-socialist air them. In an attempt to show that a gift MacArthur's inspiring leadership, Peck makes it a great orator, but his performances always seem to be more studied tricks practiced rhetorician than any fire in the heart. It is as if Atticus Finch in `To Kill a Mockingbird" wore a general's uniform. <br /> <br /> While Scott tried 'warts and all "portrait of the Patton, criticism has been made that` MacArthur "trying to gloss over some of the less attractive qualities of his subject. I think that this criticism is fair, particularly as far as the Korean War was concerned. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to stand up to intervene, militarily ignorant politicians who do not know how to wage war and was fired for his pain, when victory was in his hands. Many historians, of course, believe that Truman had to fire MacArthur, because the latter behavior is a danger to world peace, and had no choice but to accept a stalemate because Stalin would not allow his Chinese allies humiliated. Even during the Korean scene, MacArthur Pekka comes as more idealistic than his real life, probably, was the original; we see little of his negligence and naivety about political issues. (Trumeo remark s `He knows as much about politics as a pig knows about Sunday" has been said about Eisenhower, but it could equally well have been applied to the approach to international diplomacy MacArthur). Perhaps the film's attempt to draw some of the warts MacArthur reflects the period in which it was made. In the late seventies, after the twin traumas of Vietnam and Watergate, it was a difficult time for America, and the public is looking for calm, perhaps welcomed the reassuring image of a heroic military figure from the previous generation. Another criticism I would make of the film is that it is between two chairs. If this was to be a complete biography of MacArthur, that something had to be indicated in his early life, which is not covered at all. (The first thing we see in general, when he leads the US resistance to the Japanese invasion in the Philippines). One theme that runs throughout the film is the influence of the father of General MacArthur, himself a war hero. I would like to see what kind of person Arthur MacArthur was, and just why his son considered him to be a hero and role model. Another interesting way of making the film was to focus on Korea and MacArthur clash with Truman, equally high priority is given to the two men and with actors like growth that play them. The way in which in fact the film was made, it seemed to me less interesting than either of these alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> It would be wrong, however, to give the impression that I did not like the movie as a whole. Although I may not agree with the interpretation of Pekka lead role, there is no doubt that he was playing with his normal professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of a solid, efficiently biographical, thoughtful and informative. This is a good film, but one that could have been better. 7/10. <br /> <br /> On the fanatical note, map, MacArthur is shown using during the Korean War shows the DMZ, the border between the two Koreas, which did not come into existence after the war. (Pre-war boundary was the 38th parallel). In addition, I think that MacArthur had in mind 'tocsin of war. War can be toxic, but it's hard to listen with eager ear to the toxin.
