When I was over in Hollywood video I was looking through their clearance from the film and was DEMONICUS five buckaroos plus fifty percent off! I saw him only once before, and could not pass up this big! The second view was much better than the first. Box so great, and the music is very good. If you have not seen yet Demonicus I recommend you do, or if you have rented and hated Demonicus really gives him another chance, another view of this might change your mind. If you have seen a copy of the video on Hollywood for the price I got it do not miss it, as it very much! <br /> <br /> Demonicus good very different but entertaining movie.Believe it or not it's like watching an interactive video game due to playing it! It has a very low budget and an actor, I'm sure no one will know. We started a video game, uh, I mean a movie with a guy and a woman, where some in Italy and there is a cave, which actually looks like a rail road / track train tunnel, and she says she does not go there, and what it does? normal stuff! He did not listen to her! He goes out there and find a lot of artifacts and gladiator armor and almost completely preserved body of a legendary gladiator named the tyrant! Where the chair came from the tyrannical sat on and his body was so well done and where Katla Bowler come from? So every cave complete with Caultron Pot? tyrannical wearing his armor, helmet, and has a weapon or two.He is the dumbest thing a person can do, he puts on a helmet and taken over by the spirit of the tyrant! From there it goes around just killing all the campers next to reclaim the real tyrant. <br /> <br /> Now I've said it as a video game.Its hard to explain, but it just feels like it. music even sounds like a video games.The action really terrible.The actors say things like, why he does it, he was a silly already good as it is nuts, I'm going home! In addition, the film also has some serious errors like the guy running and trying to find his girlfriend in the night and still works in the daytime is still looking for her because of taking a break! <br /> <br /> In this film there are some mistakes, but it is not a classic, like a werewolf, but it's interesting, if you want a really low budget films error-prone, you better see Demonicus!
