Effects associated with the stress and pressure of work, born of a moral dilemma, which is the conscience against the obligations of the family business (albeit unique) all brought to a head by-- or possibly catalyst of-- midlife crisis are examined in darkness and absorbing drama, `panic," written and directed by the author Henry bromellite and starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. This is a clear view of how indecision and denial can lead to internal strife and suffering, which ultimately leads to apathy and the moment of truth, when the conflict must, to the extent necessary, will finally be resolved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; he has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), a precocious six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), the mail order business he runs from home, as well as its main source of income, 'family' business he shares with his father Michael (Sutherland), and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain) But it is empty;. s ply that particular trade left him numb and detached by placing it in a mental state that drove him to see a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). And to make matters worse (or perhaps better, depending on your point of view), in the waiting room of Dr. Parkes he ustrakae young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose presence alone makes him feel alive for the first time since he could remember, it quickly becomes another brick in the wall of moral conflict, his work has visited on it, as in the first days after their meeting, he just can not stop thinking about her his whole life seems to have become `the situation." - one of which he seems to be unable to successfully destroy themselves without hurting the ones he loves. He can deny his age and the fact that he was, indeed, slipped in at the midlife crisis, but he is about to discover that the problems he faces is simply not going to go away on its own. He was at a crossroads, and it will have to decide which way to go. And it will have to do so in the near future. <br /> <br /> With the concept which by its nature is interesting, Bromell has fashioned a fascinating character study, perceptive and insightful, and it is this way to moments of reflection that allow viewers to empathize and understand that Alex is going through. He makes it very clear that there are no easy answers, that in real life there is no easy way out. His characters are well defined and very real people who represent the diversity found in the life and, in addition, in some families. The film loud believes that the sins of the father are incontestably transmitted to descendants, with irrevocable consequences and effects. If you grow up, you take your personal environment like that in the world as a whole; and often years to adulthood, that one can become aware of and understand what it really is the moral parameters set every man who walks on this planet, and that they set father may not be favorable to the tenets of his son. And it was at that moment that Alex finds himself as the story unfolds; ergo, the midlife crisis, or rather the conscience of the crisis, from which he can not escape. This is a powerful signal, concise and subtly conveyed by Bromell, with the help of some outstanding performances from his actors. <br /> <br /> For some time, William H. Macy was one of the premier character actors in the business, creating a variety of characters, such as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith `Magnolia,« The Shoveler in `Mystery Men» and Jerry Lundegaard in `Fargo. And just a few examples of his many achievements. At some point in the film, Sarah recalls `sad eye of Alex," and it says a lot about a comment, as this is the power of Mace performance here, his ability to convey the very real emotions in the understated, believable way, expressing all of the inner vanity he He feels. Consider the scene in which he is lying awake in bed, staring into the darkness; that one hectic moment it becomes clear that he is struggling not only with its immediate situation, but everything in his life that led him finally to this point. In this scene, you'll find the full amount of the life of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, all of which were successfully suppressed until now; all the things that have always been at the center of Alex's life, only now gradually pierce his defenses and, finally surfacing, demanding confrontation and resolution. This is a complex character created and delivered Mace with absolute precision, making Alex truly memorable. This character, which anyone who has ever encountered a situation seemingly insurmountable difficulties will be able to relate. This is a stunning piece of work one of the best actors around <br /> <br /> Sutherland is extremely effective as well. Michael his despicable sinister way that is so real, it's horrible. It's scary, actually believes that such people are actually walking on the ground. This is not some fiction or James Bond villain type, but the present embodiment of evil lurking behind the appearance, so it is normal that he could be the guy next door, which makes it all the more confusing. And Sutherland brings it all to life brilliantly, with great performance. <br /> <br /> Neve Campbell looks like part of Sarah, but her performance (as it usually happens with it) seems a bit pretentious, but it affected the behavior only happens here correspond to the character and really positive aspect of the film. If only she would sometimes turn their energy into it would make a huge difference in the way it presents its heroes. `Panic," however, is one of her best efforts; powerful film, which, after all, is a journey worth taking. 9/10. <br /> <br />
