First of all, it was not three hours of film - the two hours and ten minutes ... last time I checked the commercials are not actually part of the movie! Perhaps, however, he had two partner of a total of about 3 hours? Yes, to get more, we have been able to explore more than some kind of emotion. In general, however, it was an interesting look at the lives of Lucy and Desi. I look, I love Lucy time to time, and love it, but I have never read or seen a biography, never anything about their lives did not know off-screen. Because of this film I am now, but I'm not sure that's a good thing. Everything here is not one really need to know. It was basically a film that should not be done. But it was done, and the reason is that Lucy and Desi are still such a huge star and some people in American society believe that the rest of society has to know everything about our TV and movie stars. This is certainly the case is not so very, very dull. <br /> <br /> Anyway, it has been shown here in Luce was pretty good. Two complaints - the actress who played Viva Vance - not a big casting at all. And the transition from Madeline Zima Rachel York .... Uhhh, Lucy had plastic surgery, and suddenly it is absolutely a new man? It was not too great. But the story continued and focused on the rocky relationship between Lucy and Dezyami. No, the children have not been shown very much at all, and it was not necessarily a lack of this film, because, as I said, it's mostly focused only on Lucy and Desi. If there had been more time, if the story was more about the whole life of Lucy, then maybe the kids would get out there more. But they were not so we should see a similar Gable and Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton very short instead. Wow, that was one thing about the story that I thought was very good: its presence and influence in the life of Lucy. In fact, in its pure form, and it's too bad that it was not investigated more. Oh, well. What was examined was done well, for the most part. Frankly, I do not think I ever look at it again, and I do not think it movie'll be memorable. For those who dig I Love Lucy, but not a huge fan of Lucille Ball, it should be interesting to watch. My rating for this: B
