Last Christmas, I was lucky enough to get one of the 1,200 Ultimate Bourne boxed sets with my better half, but postponed to watch the final part of the trilogy, until yesterday. Given how many recent trilogies stumbled over the finish line instead of marching triumphantly through it, I was a bit wary upcoming "The Bourne Ultimatum", but I really was not concerned. Electric action sequence and bruising fight scene mix easily on a par with intelligent storylines to make it one of the best thrillers of action I can remember seeing the beautiful and sublime end of the series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after apparent leakage on the work Blackbriar - a new program based on the old project Treadstone - journalist Simon Ross (Considine) in the Guardian. Are determined to reveal more about his half remembered past, the Bourne picks up the trail again, but others in the CIA, including Deputy Director Noah Vosen (Strathairn) believe that he Bourn leak and start to chase the traitor agent with a bang. Bourne could finally find the answers he was looking for whether his old employers to silence him forever? <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt a little disappointed, "The Bourne Supremacy," as he destroyed his trademark realism of scenes and focuses on the correct spy movie. Not to say that he had lost it altogether, but compared with the fantastic "The Bourne Identity" seemed more slow-burning spy novel, not a thriller. There are no such worries here - every car crash, bang, bang, and a gunshot heard and felt a visceral pleasure, but luckily, it still retains a surprisingly smart and exciting story of a spy in his heart, to base the action around. He also brilliantly ties together the two previous films, providing a suitable bookend to the trilogy as things are explained and expanded to the entire image is not exposed. Performances for almost flawless - even Julia Stiles begins to offer something more than a book-wormy eye candy. The only real loser that it, like other films about Borne, has little in common with the original novel, but if you are not a die-hard Ludlum fan, this really is not any real reason to not like the movie as it is with a very high caliber. <br /> <br /> Nothing pleases me more than the film, which takes me by surprise and pleasant, despite my fears, «The Bourne Ultimtum» is a film filled with enough cracking bone crunching action to satisfy meat -heads and a plot that never threatens to release your attention for a minute. Even in the final reel, you never quite sure, I'm sure, a happy ending, but whether you are a fan of the series or year (and if not, what else do you want?), This is one film you really need to track down, as soon as possible. It is not surprising that this series did not make the producers of James Bond to throw for more than forty years of film history, to start again. Bourne modern spy hero and made the last Bond movies more like Austin Powers in comparison to "Casino Royale" is not given the reboot series bonds he desperately needed. Release of films of Jason Bourne is a crime worthy of execution - go out and get yourself a copy of the DVD. Nha collection Ultimate Bourne, though - a limited edition, I'm afraid!
