Dramatic license - some hate it, but it is necessary in any retelling of the history of life. In the case of "Lucy", highlights adolescence Lucille Ball, early career and 20 years of marriage with Dezyami Arnaz all included, albeit in a truncated and redesigned the way. <br /> <br /> The major point of the emotional life of Lucy made clear: Lucille struggle to find their niche, as an actress, finally, prospering in a brilliant comedy that made the character Lucy Ricardo legend; its turbulent, romantic and ultimately impossible marriage Desi Arnaz; Lucy and Desi creating the first television empire and forever secure a place in history as the most memorable sitcom couple of TV. <br /> <br /> Like Lucille Ball, Rachel York is doing a commendable job. Do not expect to see exactly the same wonderful transformation as one of Judy Davis did when he played Judy Garland, but York is doing Ball-willed yet cute, and very funny in its own right. Although her comedy-time differs from Lucy, it is still plausible. The film never goes into detail about her perfektsionnom behavior on the set, and its mistreatment of Vivian Vance during the early «I Love Lucy» of the year, but look York reflect Lucy rehearsed private good inclusion. <br /> <br /> Daniel Pino thinner and less charismatic than the real Desi was, but it does have its own charm and makes it basically a decent job with a focus Desi, especially in the first stage. Madeline Zima was decent if not very memorable years as a teenager Lucy. <br /> <br /> Vivian Vance and William Frawley were not shown a lot, fortunately, because Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Newman were not very convincing in the role, not that they are not good actors in their own right they just are not all that suitable for people, which they played. Most of the actors were from Austrailia and New Zealand, and suppressed accents appear at times. <br /> <br /> While the basic structure of the film sticks to the historical fact, there are many variations, some seemingly inexplicable reason, Jess Oppenheimer, the head of the author Lucy radio show "My Favorite Husband", which began in 1948, is depicted in this film is arrived at the scene to help with the "I love Lucy" in 1951, completely ignoring the fact that he was the main creator! The film also reflects Marc Daniels as the primary "I Love Lucy" director throughout its run, completely ignoring the fact that he was replaced by William Asher, after the first season! In addition, although I believe this is due to budget constraints, Ricardo stated to live in the same apartment for the duration of his stay in New York, when in reality they have changed the apartment in 1953, the kitchen set a little more and go off-scale on the original, too. Home Connecticut looks pretty close to the original, except that the right and left sides of the building have been condensed and rebuilt. <br /> <br /> There is also desi talk about buying RKO in 1953, while the red-scare incident Lucy, even if CSC does not have not hit the market until 1957, these changes could also be dramatic license, and the film doing work in the transmission of the basic facts, but whether it will hurt them, to show a little more respect for Oppenheimer and Asher, two essential figures in the history of the «I Love Lucy»? The biggest gaff come in "I Love Lucy" rest of the scene, at least some of them. It is always risky to restore what is captured on film and seen by billions of people, and even more so when obvious changes are made. A scene with a giant loaf of bread was truncated, and who are generally familiar with the episode would have noticed the difference immediately! "We are with the child" number was reduced as well, but other than that he was almost dead. so far, the best was "grape stomp" stage, with Rachael York really nailed manner Lucy. Producers received Yali wise decision not to try to directly Restore «Vitametavegamin» and candy factory bits, rather than to show the actors rehearse them. These scenes are proven to be effective because of this approach. <br /> <br /> The main drawback of the film is that he makes the assumption that the audience already know a lot about the life of Lucy, as much sliding or omitted altogether. In general, however, it gives a decent portrait of marriage Lucy & Desi, and factual errors may be missed if the character development is working effectively.
