I thought Rachel York was fantastic, as "Lucy." I've seen her in «Kiss Me, Kate» and "Victor / Victoria", as well as, and in each of these presentations, it has developed a very different and very realistic characterization. She is a chameleon who can play (and sing) anything! <br /> <br /> I am very surprised at how many negative reviews here are relatively Rachel's performance in "Lucy". Even some Bonafide TV and entertainment critics seem to have missed the point of her image. So many people have focused on the fact that Rachel Sun really looks like Lucy. My answer is, "So what?" I did not seek a superficial embodiment of Lucy. I would like to know more about the real woman behind the clown. And Rachel, of course, gave us that in great depth. I also do not want someone to just "do" classical procedures Lucy. So I was very pleased with the decision of the producer and director to have Rachel reflect Lucy in rehearsal the most memorable of these parodies - Vitameatavegamin and The Candy Factory. (It seems that some of the reviewers did not realize that these two scenes were to be rehearsal sequence, rather than the actual scenes). This approach, I think, gave an innovative twist on the sketches that many of us know by heart. I also thought that Rachel was terribly fresh and funny in these scenes. And she absolutely nailed the procedures that have been restored - the professor and grape stomping in particular. There was one moment in the scene Grape, where the angle of the mouth Rachel was accurate the little rise, I remember to have Lucy. I could not believe that she was able to capture that -. And so, of course, <br /> <br /> Interestingly, when many of the people who criticized the work expected to see Lucille Ball from "I Love Lucy" throughout the entire film. In the end, those of us who came to know her only through the TV will not have any idea what Lucy was really like in its early years of cinema. I think that Rachel showed the natural development of the character, which was brilliant. She planted all the seeds necessary for us to see the clown is just waiting to come out, given the right circumstances. Lucy Sun fits the shape of the old studio system. In his failed attempts to become a stereotypical movie star of the era, it continued to suppress, that would prove that its final gifts. <br /> <br /> I believe that Rachel deftly captured the comedy, drama, wit, sadness, anger ,, passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sensuality, self-absorption, childhood, and stoicism all rolled into one complex American icon. And she did it with authenticity and freshness, which was completely endearing. "Lucy" was the star turn for Rachel York. I hope that it brings the flow of big roles her way in the future. I also hope it brings her Amy.
