When The Bourne Identity came five years ago, I must admit that I do not think much. At the time I was eleven, so maybe I was too young to really get into the story and understand the entire scenario. Two years ago, when Bourne arrived, I thought it was a better film than the identity, but still do not think it was as good as I had expected that he would be judged by the trailers. Over the past two years I have been told many times that the Bourne films were strange, a lot of times I had to bite my tongue and not say what I really thought about the films. Two months ago, I could not give a damn about the Bourne Ultimatum, I did not really want to watch. But then I decided to go back and re-watch the first two, before I come to any drastic decisions. So I went out and bought as the original movie. And surprisingly, it was for me when I was captured by them. Identity, I discovered that the above two, but the benefits far behind entirely. They are both slick, action packed and exciting part of the movie that I watched a lot of time since I bought them. Because of this, I was first in line today to see The Bourne Ultimatum. And boy did Bourne Ultimatum will not disappoint! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon has never been one of my favorite actors, until he appeared in the Bourne films, I saw him in The Talented Mr. Ripley, but I never thought much about it as a whole. Nevertheless, it seems that he was born to play Bourne (pardon the pun). In this series, we have seen the changing nature of our eyes, in this film we see Matt Damon in his very best, even better than he was at the apostates, and I thought he was one of the best things in the apostate. You really find yourself caring for nature and the hope that he knows everything. Matt Damon plays the role with a quiet intensity and you will always find his character very believable. The supporting cast of the film was also absolutely beautiful. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in Bourne, here it surpasses itself. Her character is also very true, and it has some great acting moments towards the end of the film. Julia Stiles turns up again, Nicky, and finally, we learn a little bit about his character. Julia Stiles is very underrated actress, and I think it deserves a lot more roles, and worthy role than it receives. Strathairn is a newcomer to the series as Vosen Noah, he is definitely the bad guy of the movie, and it really is superior. He, of course, a bad character, we met, and some of the decisions he makes is really disgusting. Strathairn relishes the role, and he also gets some great scenes in the film. Special mention should also go to Albert Finney, who makes much of his screen time is too short, I will not say anything about the character says, it is better to leave it as a surprise, but trust me, that his scenes are some of the highlights of the film. <br /> <br /> in the Bourne movies have not always had a strong focus on the storyline more than action sequences, this does not mean that the trilogy is not enough action sequences, good god is not there loads of them scattered throughout the movie, but it works throughout the film is very well-written and well-acted storyline. This storyline concludes that the best way imaginable in this film. As I watched I saw advantage Ultimatum night it was nice because I could notice some small pieces. This is a very final scene in the reign, in New York, is much more important that I ever imagined at the time. Do not spoil it for people, but I recommend checking out on Supremacy, before you see the ultimatum. Unfortunately, though, for many people, they will go to see Ultimatum purely action sequences. This is the part where I have to denounce such a man, and say that they should see his storyline, but I'd be lying if I did not say that my favorite part of the Bourne series as a whole are car chases. Mini car chase in identity is one of my favorite racing cars of all time. Well, the action in the Ultimatum should be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the film starts with a sequence of actions in Moscow. Thus, throughout the film we get a large window punch, all very hard and shockingly hard. Bike chase, it's very strange, many foot chases, which is even more amazing, exciting car chase, which is unforgettable, and oh so much more! But the highlight for me has to be the scene at Waterloo Station, do not spoil it, but for some reason at me. <br /> <br /> So any disadvantages for the film? In my eyes, no, but if you're not a fan of Bourne series has not seen the previous two, I would not recommend Ultimatum for you. The film does not try to win new fans as it sticks to the fact that the franchise does best and just adds a good bit more action sequences and plot on top. Bourne Ultimatum, is undoubtedly the best of the series and the best blockbuster of 2007. As a fanatic James Bond is a great honor for me to say that the ultimatum is much better than most films about James Bond, and believe me, it takes a lot for me, to say. Although Born in general can not be better than Bond series franchise, it is certainly almost his equal.
