I've never been to those who evaded say that most movie action just does not do anything for me. In most cases, they are outrageous car undermine things up, show off sexy models and throw any semblance of reality or intelligence from the window. With that said, a series of Bourne was fantastic. Doug Liman has opened a new view on the stock using a film VÉRITÉ style, featuring battles in full force and make our super spy someone we can relate to emotionally and humanly. This is not a sci-fi nonsense that was Bond (before they made a major overhaul in the style of this series at least). There was a lot to worry about when Bourne came out. With director Paul Greengrass takes more than that could be a second-hand copy of the original ended up improving the style and flair. The stakes were raised, and the story has been strengthened because of it. Greengrass need to pay a ton of credit for the opportunity to keep up appearances with the latest installment, The Bourne Ultimatum. The fact that a surprising conclusion to the real trilogy, the action has been brought to a new level of performance and stories and never compromised. <br /> <br /> Again, Bourne is given in consciousness CIA pretense. Someone leaked the information about Treadstone modernization called Blackbriar and when Bourne is trying to talk to the reporter who broke the story, he is considered to be a mole. Only Pamela Land, she, who was on the case to find it in Supremacy, knows that he can not be alone. Born motive is always to stay away from the government and to live his life in the world. It was the CIA that continues to bring it back into the open, to wreak havoc on them. That eventually traced that Bourne wants to know the source and finally learn the truth about who he was and what made him into a killer. The film then becomes a chase depending on time and with each other to find the source and see if the government can close the gap and tie all the loose ends, or if Bourne can get his revenge on those who took his life. <, Br /> <br /> that is probably the easiest story series, only one pursuit lasting fullness of history, that is, perhaps, the largest cast of characters and turning on the bias to expose the corruption that was behind the complete history of progress . It is not harmful at all, however, as it allows more fights and chases, which operate in the full context to the story. Admission to this film stands in a block of a fight between Bourne and the second CIA asset alone. Chasing jumping through a window in Madrid cool by itself, but when they finally meet, we get ten minutes or so to fight that both refreshing to watch as any scene you see. In addition, instead of using a massive car chase as the climate of the set, as in the first two films, but instead we get about three small-scale road races, as well as intense, but staggered enough to never bother action down in the monotony . <, Br /> <br /> After five years of waiting, we also find out the origins of our favorite operative with the heart and feeling. By the end of the film we find out what caused all the spying and destruction that took place around him. No one could do it better than Matt Damon. He has the physique and the attitude to be believable in the action sequences, but also a range of wreck moments of intelligence and a cat-and-mouse correspondence with those against it. Joan Allen reprises her role with the same amount of dedication to their work, but also a bit more frustration for what is happening around it after Brian Cox character from the first two films, has taken matters into his own hands. Needing a role in this form, we gave a good turn by Strathairn. Like Cox, he is working at the top of the food chain and answered no when making a decision. With the same amount of trying to cover up any connection with Blackbriar program superiors as he attempts to do his duty to his country, you can never fully appreciate what it is capable of doing. Even small children are doing an excellent job as Paddy Considine, as a reporter, which begins to run in the middle of everything, Albert Finney, as a person from the past Bourne, and perhaps the key to its origin, and Edgar Ramirez as one of the CIA operatives sent to take Bourne out. Ramirez is a good addition to the role played by Clive Owen successfully (identity), Karl Urban and Chokash (Supremacy). He does not say much, if at all, but it has the appearance and robotic efficiency down pat, and we hope to get more roles, to show what he can do, leave a good turn in Domino. <br /> <br /> In the end, one must applaud Paul Greengrass for continuing to exceed expectations and to bring the series to a conclusion that is based on the success of its predecessors, and not to destroy them. His skills in close-hand kind of weird, and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but not quite fit induce cuts. Rather than feel excessive production, its use of manual improves the environment and puts you directly into the action. Let us also credits cinematographer Oliver Wood, who directed all three Bourne movies. He was able to work with both the directors and their work style, in good agreement with them.
