It was basically an attempt to do the same with the "Batman", which was done with "Gilligan's Island" in "Surviving Gilligan's Island." For those of you who missed it, "Surviving Gilligan's Island" (and shame!) (Full name "Surviving Gilligan's island: Incredibly True story A series of three-hour tour in history") was very special from a few years ago, where Bob Denver ( "Gilligan"), Don Wells ( «Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ( "professor") tells the story about the show creation, cancellation, and re-opening of rebirth. Along the way, the stories dramatized with ak tsorami featuring original cast and crew It was very well done It was funny, and the cast and stumbled as the present document shows <br /> <br />.. «Return to the Batcave: Misadventures of Adam and Bertha" in a similar style. . Account of the history of the show, re-enactments, the general feeling still. that is missing is a simple approach that "Survived" accepted. <br /> <br /> In "The Return", Adam West and Burt Ward both receive invitations to the auto show, to which they were not to be invited. After allowed to stay, Adam and Burt witnessed the theft of the central show: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decided to chase after them themselves, leading them through the keys that make them think about the history of the show. This ultimately leads to disclosure of who stole the Batmobile and why. <br /> <br /> Choosing to use this self-importance (in fact having a site) is the biggest disappointment of the show. In contrast to the "Survivors", "Return" causes the viewer to adhere less interesting plot (theft Batmobile) instead of focusing all your attention on the fact that the audience would be most interested in (the history of the show). This historical sections which work best. Casting (as in "Survival") is excellent. Jack Brewer ( "Adam West") and Jason Marsden ( "Burt Ward") to capture the feeling of the actors, despite * too * much like them. Brett Rikabi ( "by Frank Gorshin") has a strong resemblance to its subject matter, but not captures neither the charm of the late Gorshin, all his characterization. Other images of actors and a short functional nobody standing out as particularly good or bad. Many of these stories have been told before, but mostly they play entertaining, only occasionally clumsy presentation. Other other than a little of the historical sections were ykarystanne audition footage samples Lyle Wagoner for the part of Batman. The only place where flashbacks are not in a state where they are inserted, obviously, were the plot to advance the main plot. This lowers the accuracy of flashbacks without the need to. <br /> <br /> « the main plot "(if that's what we should call it), of course, ridiculous. this is not really to blame itself, but that is simply not submitted well enough to cover the deficit. Strong performances and good writing can make a silly story (especially in the kinds of things), but we do not really get either here. Performances in the West and Ward seem a little flat (even for them); dialogue too carefully written to feel natural. Again, I think that the comparison with the "Surviving Gilligan's Island" can be seen in the fact that the dialogue is basically just there to create a flashback. In "Survival", all that he intends to be. The "Return" he was trying to do double duty and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Newmar well (although I agree with others that Gorshin not aged well and that Newmar was - and that Wagoner taking look that good), but do not give enough to make. Again, I think that they would be better served by a simpler presentation than the one chosen here. <br /> <br /> Another amazing point about the "Return". This is a special series of "Batman" and its history, but all the clips from a specified movie theater. Even frames Wagoner technically film footage. If you know that the "Bat-history", then you know that the film was originally planned to make the first, only to be delayed in favor of the TV show, when CBS is necessary to fill the time quickly. So when Wagoner and test the West for the role, he It was for the film, not the TV show. Why the "Return" only uses film footage is unclear. this is most likely has to do with rights issues, but it opposed the diversion of those who know :. seeing Julie Newmar is now time, but Lee Meriwether frames as Catwoman in the past <br /> <br /> overall, I g adabalasya show, primarily for flashbacks. I would prefer the style used in "Survival Island Gilligan," but I can understand why they want more story-oriented piece of the subject. In addition, I love these people. It's a pleasure see them and that continues to enjoy one of the great pieces of entertainment history. I just want them to do it a little better, and if more than the original cast was still alive, to be there.
