I did not like a lot of television show host in 1990, but large 70S SHOW. Never seen him during her first run and thought the title during the piece, I was wrong! I started to watch replays and the more I looked, the more I liked it! Now, this is the only show premieres since 1990, I regularly watch. <br /> <br /> While it's 70S SHOW mimics some of the styles, attitudes, music and tastes of the 70s, he has not disgraced himself during that decade, going overboard with links and the appearance of the 70-ies. It contains many funny, witty, pungent dialogue that comes with confidence and determination of its main roles that he overcomes any 70s cliché just being humorous. Humor is what keeps the show ever-watchable. <br /> <br /> Despite the hilarious sitcom, no matter what period of time, the uniqueness of mocking 70s doing the work in its favor as it gives the show the identity of the signature. But her focus on human problems (family problems, teenage depression, marital problems, peer pressure), are engaged in all of them with comic aplomb, giving the show a mass appeal. <br /> <br /> The center display is one Eric Foreman (played in the absolute perfection of the comic in the future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is super-thin, causing that looks entirely athletic teens and still comes off as a super-cool due to the brilliant self-abasement Grace's character. Eric has 5 friends Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (played respectively in a fun fashion Laura hurdles, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama). We see life in Point Place, Wisconsin 6 eyes of teen boy and we get a lot to see! Donna, forward-thinking feminist, is the object of love Erica and the 2 is the core of the relationship show. They became a couple fairly quickly after the start of the show, and they are never sad couple. Most show EPS end with them having a meaningful conversation about them and their future, and it works as a great insight, bookend, who works as a perfect counter for a preliminary fun. Hyde is the best friend of Eric and soon moved to Foreman, when his mother abandons him; Hyde is a soft, zen, cool one of the group and simply leans back, watching and making fun of his fellow friends with friendly aplomb. Kelso is a dumb one of the groups and Kutcher plays his absolute grip, showing a surprising comedy, and talk some of the most absurd ideas and hilarious stories ever! Jackie, who starts as a friend Kelso, is verbose, self-centered debutante fan first and only accepted in the framework of group b / d in Kelso, but she manages to buy yourself to the point where they have to take it! Finally, Fez! Fez wholly foreign exchange student unknown country (we never know exactly where), and it is the scene-thief! "I said good day!" "You son of a B * TCH!» Valderama only sports a foreign accent here he is not alone in reality, and it is always the character and creates one of the most unique characters I've ever seen. His scene stealing moments often help make the show for me. <br /> <br /> show constantly takes us into the minds and thoughts of the characters through the engagement of a fantasy scene as they would like, or imagine things to be. The gang repeatedly gets into trouble (most of them for other purposes). They are always playing jokes on the inhabitants of Point Place, as well as with each other. They hang out much of the time in the basement plotting Eric, sermons, or just play around. <br /> <br /> In addition, computing an important place in the show are the parents of Eric, threatening, communist-hating Red and attractive, happy -go careless Kitty (played memorably by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These 2 adults give the show a much needed mature point to review and constantly criticize and advise 6 Ne'er do wells. Red and Kitty ably supported by his parents Donna, the funny Bob (played superbly for the full launch of Don Stark) and Midge crazy blonde prostitute (super-sexy Tanya Roberts, who was on the show about half of it is running). In addition, for 3 full seasons, sister Erika from Lori hell (brilliantly played outrageously sexy Tara-Fawcett twin Lisa Robin Kelly) was mainly a refreshing relief to deal with the machinations of the main 6 and be a thorn in the Erika and her father 'side ! Kelly returned as a guest character for a few season 5 Eps. Unfortunately, personal problems led Kelly to her I was terribly new actress in season 6. newcomer is not the last, fortunately, and left after a few season 6 EPS! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, at the end of season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and early in the season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show, and he never recovered, as the 8 th season proved to be his last. Grace and Kutcher returned to the series finale, though, giving the suit late in the show. <br /> <br /> A lot of great support and episodic characters helped to keep the show fresh by adding nostalgia and humor. Top Notch Support players were always high Leo (played Stick Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (terrific comedian Jim Gaffigan), Grand Rondeau, Mitch, graph, etc. They also received a legend Marion Ross (Happy Days) and Betty White (Mary Tyler Moore Show) to play Red and Kitty's mother, respectively. Many celebrity cameos from the 70s played, as well as by Shirley Jones (The Partridge Family) Pamela Sue Martin (Nancy Drew) in Charo Ted Nugent in K.I.S.S! He goes on and on! <br /> <br /> With more nostalgic 70th and referring to honor, hilarious dialogue and delivery and senseless style, take-no-prisoners comic stories THAT 70S SHOW is a television classic!
