Over the years, we have seen a lot of absurd things, made by the authors, when the show only had to go on no matter what, with "8 Simple Rules" that come after John Ritter died comes to mind, but it's probably the first time I have cared. The idea that 70 "Show" without Eric or less funny in Kelso. They tried to cover it up with the return of Leo and all the more scandalous stories, but he always felt what if you do not have the main character anymore. It's just not really connect, it's a bunch of unrelated things going on, most of the time it was not even funny. Last season it seemed that the season is too much for each character, just because Eric was taking a lot of screen time, and now we have pitched in the face as stale and repetitive rest of the characters were. By focusing on a trick that Fez was completely uninteresting and character will simply stop working, because the whole point is that he will say something strange out of nowhere, and you can not say things out of nowhere, when every second line of yours. They also brought in a standard cousin Oliver, only this time it just was not a child. Every time you've heard someone knock on the door, you began to pray was not Randy, please, let it not be Randy. Deal with Randy that he will do really terrible jokes usually would have said red, smiling like a donkey and completely screwing up the delivery and Donna would trails. I think that more than half of last season, was pretending to be pleased with Donna. The problems began earlier, though: what once was a really great show with the same great concept, that this time it was not about a dysfunctional family slowly climbed into the territory of a soap opera. All began in love with all emotional scenes dragged on nausea, with only one, usually a lame joke located somewhere to divert attention, that we have seen «As The World Turns». I believe that this is the character development, but come on it was written almost as awkwardly as moral lessons "family matter." To be fair, the last episode, and also because it was a cameo Topher Grace (a cameo in his own show) was really good, even if not funny, too. <br /> <br /> By the way, even more criticism on Season 8: What the hell is with the theme of the opening? Not only do they use the same joke twice (the character does not sing), Fez scared hell out of me. Dude, do not open your eyes that far. But the first five seasons or so, among the best ever broadcast comedy.
