Before seeing it, I was just waiting for another mediocre soft copies of the main series is much imitated "Emmanuel" Sylvia Kristel in the leading role. It was really amazing how well this one turned out. It actually has a story, and it's very romantic indeed. What makes "Yellow Emmanuel" so well that it is the heroine, a beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She plays her character, Emy Wong is so sweet that the viewer just has to feel something for her when her dreams fall around her. Emy Wong highly respected doctor, handsome, with the royal quality. It comes from an important old family where ancient traditions are still practiced. Emy will remain a virgin until she got married to a man whom she had never met. Excellent doctor seems to be fine with this arranged marriage. It's just how it's done in her world. However, it is not going to meet and fall in love with an English pilot who ends up under her care at the hospital where she works. Emy decides to put an end to the custom, and she gives herself to her Western man. But only after a very long courtship, as Dr. Wong is nothing but an easy woman. Its pilot, George, it's a good kid, and promises to marry Mia, so she does not lose its respectability and its place in the community hard. Neither relies on a third party, one Cicciolina, which destroys their relationship through a series of vicious games. Emy is made to assume that she was abandoned by man, that he only played the game with her to sleep with her. Its place in society, no, it was too low. The film takes a surprisingly dramatic and depressing place, how this proud, elegant woman gives up her career, as well as the sweet relationship with her caring father, and succumbs to a life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to find myself so absorbed in this operatically tragic history. I was on the edge of my seat, when George blowing back into the city, and unknowingly walks into a hotel, where he was working as a prostitute beautiful Emy! Classical drama. I think many of the spectators were a little upset this whole drama. One would expect, a lot of sex and nudity here, but there is not much. And if there is, it is absolutely not exploitative, and very artsy and a soft core. If you are a fan of the first Emmanuelle, Sylvia Kristel, than you will likely appreciate it less well-known classic. I was particularly impressed with the extra attention to detail. The whole segment where Emy George takes her parents' house on the island very nice. Her father, George shows and the audience his large collection Bonzai trees. He has a miniature forest, built from these amazing trees. Quite unexpectedly. Catching it on late night cable television years ago, I spent a lot of time searching the Internet a copy of the film. When I finally got it I found that the video version was longer. More sex? No more romance. For the DVD release has a scene of George suddenly Coconut more with some unknown deadly disease! I actually prefer cable option is best. I am delighted that this rare gem was released finally on DVD. I should also mention the excellent cinematography and quaint and throws 70-soundtrack. While watching this one, you just get the feeling that you are watching something very rare and very special. I recommend his attentive audience, who do not need sex and violence to maintain their interest.
