I am Curious (Yellow) (a film in the near Seussical rhymes, as they say, at the outset, will be available in two versions, yellow and blue) was one of the biggest art-house hits that first was a major sensation in Sweden, the largest scandal / cause Celebre-in the United States, when one print customs and went all the way to the Supreme Court was held. That potent in the picture today is not so much that it might offend a way that manifests itself in sex or nudity- director / "actor" Shoman films of different scenes in such a way that there is a wealth of flesh and genitals and the occasional bit graphic, but it is always greater so intelligent expression than the very lust-as-but daring attempt to clean «metafilm» at the same time making a statement about the present state of affairs in Sweden. Who knew that such things are generally peaceful country (that is, as a rule, neutral for foreign affairs and war) can be so warmed by itychna? At least part of the purpose Sjoman here. <br /> <br /> As a film director, such as Dusan Makavajev with some of his works as WR (if not surreal and abnormal), or to a lesser extent, Bertolucci, on Sjoman -this mix politics and sex (mainly policy and social strata) around in the middle and makes it a comment on the incarnation of the character in the movie. Two characters, Len and Bor, have hot and cold relationships in the history of film, where Lena is "curious "socialist-wannabe, which shows on the street nonviolence and" train "in their native cabin in the woods to become a fully functioning one, and at the same time may be too curious about her car Salesman other. And, as it happens, that in itself is enough for a single film, Sjoman inserts himself and his team from time to time, as they do the story on film (there's even a big bit in the middle where, as though at a rock concert, the name cards fill in during a break in filming that crew, denying to use the final credits!) Then there is this whole other dynamic as Sjoman gives a real performance, not just a "hey, I'm the director of the game director" bit. <br /> <br /> First, no one can get this structure and I Curious (Yellow) just a movie where Lena documentary interviewer to set the theme of his thoughts on the class, socialism, and Franco Spain, and one once in a while we see the father of Lena or Bjore. But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure is so slippery as a spectator one has to stay on your toes; it is impressive that so many years in the picture may surprise not afraid to mix the dramatic narrative, documentary, film-to-film, and even serious interview with Martin Luther King Jr., who also serves as a quasi-guru Lena It is not It can always be completely consistent analysis politically, but he does not feel the hype or even most of the satirical program as in Godard's film; satire Sjoman after Godard similar, but on a completely different wavelength. His playful anarchy, but it is not fully loaded with semantics or tricks that might save less initiated by the viewer. <br /> <br /> When I'm Curious (Yellow) serves as an intellectual enterprise and a full trip to study sex in a manner that was both magical and how much given how comfortable it all seems, for the actors, it is not entirely successful I think, as an emotional experience. Where Bergman was it up to T with making purely emotional film with deconstruction trends Sjoman are more likely when combined with certain ideas, but do not actually directing always very good when it comes time to make large or delicate scene with actors. Sometimes it works, if only for the actors, Lena Nyman (mostly spectacular here in the performance, which asks her to make an ambitious, but bewildered child someone cute and weak even) and Borgia Alstedt (excellent realistic counterpoint to the volatile Lena), but some 40 years later, it is difficult to fully connect with all that is happening in the inner film Lena and Borje so (perhaps intentionally) Sjoman fill it with cliches (Bor has a girlfriend and a child, whether he will leave it as is Lena reconciled her father) and overbearing the story of its kind sterlet. <br /> <br /> And yet, for some Sjoman error perhaps ironic given that it means that it is a commentary on itself, I Am Curious (Yellow) keeps nicely as an art experiment to test the water, what can be done in the Swedish movie, or test that could be no bending it to the provocative and comic use. I would even go so far as to say that this influence, and is likely to have been copied or imitated more than once because of this a cult phenomenon in his time (the specific method used in the film rewinding to the end, in common worst use fun games), and it should be clear who is looking to get into the vanguard or meta-film production. If this is not so outstanding artistic leap as W.R. or Last Tango, is close behind.
