In the future society, the military component should not gain; rather, their candidates are selected at birth, taken from nurseries and designated to spend my whole life in the service of the government. They are given military machine, body and soul, for no reason but to serve and protect; they have no personal identity, other than the name and rank, and no autonomy at all. This is the fate of those whose fate is predetermined by their `Soldier" directed by Paul WS Anderson and starring Kurt Russell. Scenario hard and gloomy, as the film begins with the image of training soldiers during the lead time periods, from pre-adolescence to adulthood. Sergeant Todd Russell, the best of the best, and we have a glimpse of his career, when he discharges his duties in an exemplary manner in the company after the company; he is what he was born to be a soldier. But even the best, can not last forever, and the day comes when Todd and his colleagues are no longer elite. The new generation of soldiers was created, the products of modern genetics and technology generation and Todd suddenly outdated. What follows is the story of a man who has to fight for his life while struggling to discover their own sense of humanity and personality traits for a new soldier, who is known for only two things my whole life: fear and discipline. Russell gives a dominant performance as Todd, a soldier who must first carry out orders unquestioningly during the suppression of emotions and personal thoughts. He has a few lines in this movie, but Russell says a lot with his eyes. This role shows that it is, in fact, one of the underrated actors of our time; it can disappear so completely in character Todd is a credit to his ability, and on this side it created someone completely different from all that he had done before. And he gave Todd depth and trust that someone of lesser talent could easily be decided no more than a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Notable performances also turned in here Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Mekum Colonel). Completes roll support Jason Scott Lee, unforgettable as the Caine 607, one of a new generation of soldiers; Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (captain of the Church); Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson set thriller with a message, a cautionary tale that goes beyond the genre of science fiction. `Soldier 'reminds us of the importance of preserving the humanity of our lives untouched. This is an interesting way to make us consider alternatives like a bleak future and a world in which good films just would not have made a big difference. Just as `1984 'and` Mad Max, "the film that ultimately uplifting, is going to make you take pause and think about what the universe in which we all have to live together and share. I rate this one 7/10.
