Why I like Disorganized Crime so much? Why do I laugh or laugh at any time, I think of a dozen or more scenes from this film? It's kind of hard to explain, but I'll give it a try. First of all, it is very funny actually - as opposed to the fact that many of the "official" reviews want you to believe. But then again, it totally depends on your sense of humor, so there is no point in arguing about it. Often the humor in the dialogue, and often this sitcom. There is, for example, is a very funny scene in which four members of the gang got a lift in the back of the truck. If the farmer throws them, they are just standing on the road, all covered with cow s *** or whatever. They completely upset; then, realizing the humor on the stage, one by one they start to laugh to myself and Ruben Blades (Carlos) looking for (and, of course, smell) wretched carelessly takes a mouth spray, at least, do something on his breath (just describing the scene here makes me giggle again!). This leads to the second point: in action. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Burns (well, the last OVERDOES is a bit from time to time), all fit and play a role nicely - in fact, you get the feeling that they were enjoying themselves as when shooting a movie. Thirdly, there is a plot. Kouf, director and screenwriter, very laid-back; it takes its time to unfold the story and the characters have some foothold. Most often, there is no real action, and you enjoy these 4 very different people - who are trying to rob a bank, but their boss (Burns) does not seem to turn up - grumble about each other, and even-tually, reluctantly, like at each other. The film is a fantastic parody of a typical bank robbery plot - quite impossible with all its twists and coincidences, but very convincing in his love for ironic detail. Incidentally, the title of the film is one of the best I have ever come across, because in fectly misses plot in a very ironic. So my advice is to watch this movie, but if you do not giggle, smirk or smile for the first 10 minutes, forget about it - this is not your type of film. PS. The only negative thing about this film is that it seems there is no way to get the script - if you do not know how to tell me.
