I like this movie for several reasons. I have a soft spot for films about complicated inflicted crime sites as Topkapi. I also enjoy movies (as Topkapi ON MADONNA STREET Big deal) that forge genre. One of the best disorganise crime. <br /> <br /> Burns spent four against for many years, and he decides that they can be useful in a bank robbery he plans in the small town of Montana. But he did not give any information about the crime guy and they do not really know each other at all. Soon after he sends them Bernsno arrested by two police in New Jersey (Ed O'Neill and Robuk), which it previously escaped and orders return it. While he is at their disposal four prisoners (Guinea Fred, Lou Diamond Phillips, Ruben Blades and Will Russ) show no idea why they are there, except that Burns was up to something. <br /> <br /> In the first twenty minutes of the film deals with four cons slowly getting used to each other, with Guinea and Philips control push their suspicions, to find out what they need to trust each other. At the same time we see Bernsno patiently waiting for the right moment to get away from O'Neill and Roebuck again - not too difficult, because they are not the brightest bulbs that have ever existed. As a result, two sets of plots that will keep comparing against each other throughout the film: four cons, trying to figure out what Bernsna scheme was, and how to put it into operation, and Burns is trying to keep his freedom from his pursuers and regain his cabin ( and, hopefully, find his gang there for him to take command). There is also a third, smaller plot with growing irritation and anger the local sheriff Hoyt Axton against idiots from New Jersey, who continue to receive in his hair. <br /> <br /> There are many beautiful moments in the film, such as Axton, incited by O'Neil and Roebuck, ambient house in the city, Burns allegedly hiding inside, and yelling (through a megaphone, "Come, we have surrounded !! ", only to have the scene switch to a huge, Montana plain that Bernsna struggling and stumbling over a mile from where the police believed that he at that time. there are moments in our misadventures of four minuses, which, fortunately, put the oldest (Guinea) in the management of the situation. this is not always guarantee anything. at some point in their car will not start camping, and they should thumb to go by truck. Unfortunately, it's a truck with manure. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, with the gang successfully carries out the robbery, including the shutdown of all the police cars at a critical time (Philips specialty vehicles) as is a gem of the time, uncertainty and comic results. The film is very interesting, and is definitely worth a look.
