My name is John Mourby and this is my story about PaperHOUSE: In May 2003, I saw Alfred Hitchcock's crazy, I was very scared and deeply disturbed. I began to frantically search for a film that was frightening in the same way. But no where satisfactory. Among those who tried and were not birds, Night of the Living Dead, The Silence of the Lambs, The Blair Witch Project, Ring, The Evil Dead, The Sixth Sense, 28 days later, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween, Near Dark, a foreigner, radar , cell, Baby Rosemary, Do not look Now, Witchfinder General, on Friday 13th and The Omen. This should confirm, I was desperate! Long after I have stopped searching, I found out about PaperHOUSE ????. <br /> <br /> PaperHOUSE based on a favorite book that I have called Marianne dreams. PaperHOUSE also came up in some of the books I found in horror films, but they did not tell me about the relationship between the book and the film. I discovered the truth while on the Internet, I bought the film later in the day. <br /> <br /> I thought PaperHOUSE will not be true to the book and dull. Unfaithal it certainly was, but sadly, of course not. It was an answer to my prayers Marianne renamed Anna in the film, but much of the original story is the same. Once in school, Anna draws a house in her scrap book (nothing special about that), then it becomes bad, and every time she faints or goes to sleep, she turns out horrible old house (and I mean really care). More, she also believes that whenever she puts something new in the drawing it is in a fabulous, EG apple. Anna draws in a fairy-tale pretty sad boy named Mark, who, apparently, is a man in the real world. Mark crippled, but he wants to get out of the house, Anna helpfully draws in the lighthouse (the place to go), but still remains the problem of the sign can not walk. So Anna decides to make her father. She gets her pencil, and gets a job too, but the result is distorted and disturbing especially Anna does not like his eyes. Quote "he looked like a madman." So Anna is trying to rub it out and start again, but proves indelible pencil (which means that nothing can be erased). Then Anna breaks down and strikes the eyes of her father! I leave you also to find you the very dire consequences of ill-considered action. <br /> <br /> PaperHOUSE really the British response to the Nightmare on Elm Street! Viewing this film left me shocked and upset. But I found what I was looking after 2 years. The question is how to dose compared with Psycho? Answer 1 The Old Dark House, 2 parental psychological fears, real shock 3, 4, and very scary music.
