Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops remarkable fever, which causes her to go and drift into a world of his own creation. Dark world she painted with a sad little boy, as a resident of an old house in the middle of a dull deserted field. Lacking in the details, as well as any child drawing of a house and it is a resident, Mark (who can not walk because Anna did not pay him any feet) are residents of purgatory / limbo world. Anna begins to visit the boy at home more often, trying to understand what it is that in the process of trying to help save the boy, but her fever makes it more difficult for her to wake up every time, and can not only kill her, but the trap it and Mark there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! This is a good word to summarize brilliantly haunting and poetic PaperHOUSE Bernard Rose. The film, which is so simple that it's damn near impossible to explain and impossible to forget. While you can find this puppy in your horror section is deceptive. This is a more serious imagination, skillfully directed, and extremely well acted by its cast, in particular, Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Mark). Nevertheless, this is not a children's film or, but meant to make us remember those carefree days of old, who is now only dark memories. Rose creates a rich palette of moody atmosphere, which creates a spectacular backdrop for the brilliant stories and great actors to play. PaperHOUSE stay away from trying to explain it more dreamy quality and leaves most of the things the audience's imagination. There is a lot of symbolism and ambiguity here to sink your teeth into. PaperHOUSE likes to play games with the mind of spectators, exciting you is your own sense of reasoning. As the story unfolds, I again and again impressed by how powerful the movie managed to be in the final, which left me with a smile on her face and tears in my eyes. <br /> <br /> visual Bernard Rose's brilliant here. He is able to create an unnervingly dark atmosphere, which is just on the surface, but a whole lot more than the sum of its parts. Operates a young Charlotte Burke in this, her debut is really impressive as well. Unfortunately, it is not graced the screen since. Much deserved award Burnout Central just seems right for this job. Toward the end of the film is lagging behind a little bit here and there, but I could easily miss it. I wish they would have taken a darker turn, creating a much more powerful final, which turned out to be more concerned and truly breathtaking in retrospect. The film as it is, another one for the books and deserves to see any serious movie buff. It is a poetic journey told through the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film in which much remains to be pondered and much praised.
