The film opened to poor performance in the first few weeks. Then Meena Kumari died, and he just brought the crowd rolling in. The songs on the All India Radio, especially Inhi LogOn ne played so often that I was sick of them at the time, despite the recognition of the beauty! <br /> <br /> Yes, it would take all these years to make. This is because marriage was a very unhappy one and Kamal AMRO was also difficult to find the money to make the film; sumptous looking at the scenery and costumes, no wonder !! Not only that Meena Kumari age and ill, but listen carefully to the voice of the patch. Inhi LogOn ne has her 50-younger voice, and the songs were re-recorded as a Chalo dildar Chalo show a clear development. I just want someone to find songs Ghulam Mohammad, which were not included in the film, due to fashion changes, calling less, although a few songs and publish them. Lata in a recent interview (2007) estimated the Ghulam Mohammad as one of the best composers she had ever worked other than Madan Mohan (great personal friend). Note also that you can hardly see the actors do in dildar Chalo songs, very unusual. There is only a short Raj Kumar shot from the middle distance, and you only see the back part of the proposed mine Kumar. Kamal Amro made a charity of need and focus on the stars and the moon. Any other film, this song would have a close-up of both. <br /> <br /> As for this is the best film ever, I beg to differ. This means that you have missed a lot of Indian cinema, in no particular order, films such as Barsaat (old), Devdas (old version), Bandini, the Do bigha Zameen, Garam Hawa, Dastak, Guddi, AAN, Pyasa, Kagaz ke phool, Saheb Bibi Ghulam auras, Kabuliwallah, Abhimaan, Manual, Sujatha, Bombay ka Baba, Daag, Parineeta (old), Umrao Jaan, etc. etc. and if you appreciate the music more than the story of the list will simply grow with the beautiful score by Barsat Ki Raat for Naya Daur, Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand, Mera Naam Joker: the list is really endless <br /> <br /> Pakeezah so enjoy, but do not miss out on any of the above ..
