Giallo Miralem first feature in The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave, was the perfect combination of Giallo and gothic horror - and this is the second film is even better! We have more Giallo side of the equation this time, although Miraglia loses gothic horror style that made the earlier film such a delight. Miraglia places greater emphasis on the small details of the plot this time, and as a result it is a typical Giallo maze, with the characters throughout and red herrings thrown every few minutes. This is a definite bonus for the film, however, while it can get a little too confusing at times; there is always enough to keep the interest of the audience, speaking Miraglia improved since his early films. The plot begins with a scene that sees two young girls struggling before their grandfather explains to them the legend of a rather sinister picture in their castle. Legend revolves around a woman named "Red Queen", which, legend, returns from the grave every hundred years, killing seven people. A few years later, the murder begin to happen ... <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that he made only two Giallo-x, Miraglia has its own set of tribute. Obviously, the red color is important to him, since he has a great extent in both films; and he seems to have something against women called "Evelyn". He loves castles, Gothic atmosphere and stylish as murder - that suits me! Miraglia Argento can not be, when it comes to shedding blood, but he certainly knows how to release over the upper murders in his films; and here we have the invention related to the Volkswagen Beetle, and death on the iron fence, which is one of my favorite scenes Giallo death. The female side of the cast is excellent with stunning Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti heading to please the eye throwing women who are not afraid to take their clothes off! Cost affectionately Bruno Nicolai is catchy, and even if it does not show a lot of psychedelic rock heard in The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave; it fits the film well. The ending is a bit of an exception, because although Miraglia grows gothic atmosphere, it comes across as a more than a little to the right and the identity of the killer is too obvious. But even so, that's fine entertainment Giallo and one that I highly recommend fans of the genre!
