Finally - I finally bypassed him and was able to see a "clean" copy Pakeezah! Until now I was only a distorted version of barbed intermittent disguised Dubai TV-in the 90th years, with quaint English subtitles, dizzy and light widescreen color with a mind of its own liquid. Thinking the world is so poor (and short) copy I find a decent one was well worth the wait and the full 140 minutes, even more fun than I thought possible. <br /> <br /> It was a beautiful film Meena Kumari from beginning to end, and I believe it was planned from 1958 to finally understanding it in 1971 that it was insulting that alcoholism finally killed her shortly thereafter, and that she was too ill to perform in some of the scenes in Pakeezah that requires a body double. In some scenes tension definitely shows in her face. <br /> <br /> The history of purity in comparison to the plight I can relate only as fiction, which has no experience even remotely close to it, but I gave to understand that it accurately reflects the world is over, which should have been common at one time in India. This sparkling and colorful film with simple messaging relentless epic, intense romantic tragedy that somehow simultaneously FEELGOOD too. But for me it is incomparable golden Ghulam Mohammed music as performed by the inimitable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiyo - and its role in the disclosure of the story that makes this film so great. I have rarely heard such a serious, beautiful, poetic, beautifully sang and played songs on any film soundtrack. Singin 'In The Rain may be my favorite musical film, but Pakeezah is your favorite music - Lata also said that the songs themselves do not mean anything special about it. I only wish that the same unique Mohammad Rafi was only one song here, although the classic duet with Latoya. <br /> <br /> Because of all this, but do not turn a blind eye to its shortcomings, Pakeezah my favorite Indian film at the time when Westernization of India is gaining momentum and is now viewed as Western values ​​seem state sponsor and etiquette. At the very least, look Pakeezah tastes that Indian "pop" music has to offer the world before it was thrown overboard to drum machines, Bollywood and Bhangra beat.
