Hype abounds with clichés, we have come to identify themselves with the Hollywood romantic comedy: the relationship between two people, with a little common, a secret he was hiding, she finds the inevitable decay and the public itself ?? Well, I will not go on, but you get the picture. Despite its predictability, it works, especially if you love baseball, like me, although I'm not quite as obsessive as Ben Wrightman, schoolteacher Boston plays Saturday Night Live comedian Jimmy Fallon. <br /> <br /> Adapted from the novel by Nick Hornby veteran screenwriters Lowell Ganz and Babalu Mandela, Ben lifelong Boston Red Sox fan, whose uncle gave him the tickets when he was seven years old, and he was kind of delayed emotional at the moment all his life at the expense of his relationship with women. Ben is not just a fan, and the "fanatic", who travels to Fort Myers, Florida every winter to spring training Red Sox game and never misses a home game during the regular season. His family is not a member of the parents or siblings, but with other female fans who attend every game with him and his bedroom is not a place to sleep, but the museum to visit the Red Sox. <br /> <br /> If it falls on the business consultant Lindsey Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he is threatened with the possibility to grow, but Ben is not quite ready to do it. Let him participate in the Yankee series, you go with her to Baltimore to meet her parents or go to Paris with her and pass a series of Anaheim. He takes his relations are on the verge of collapse, for him to stop and think about their priorities, especially if the pint sized Dr Phil wannabe asks him, "Do you love Red Sox, but have they ever loved you back?" At that time, as a prerequisite for Fever Pitch is that some things are more important than baseball (perish the thought), you would never know it from how things turn out. Of course, anyone familiar with the history of The Boston Red Sox, a team that will break the hearts of his most enduring fans - but it's 2004, the year the curse of Bambino came to an end, and the Red Sox go to the next level, Ben can just do same. Both lead performances and a wonderfully Farrell Brothers even manage quite rough gag. Although Excitement will never be mistaken for a feature film, it is a joyful romp that will have to go down as one of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jays!.
