Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town in search of his ex-wife and the news of his daughter, tho he finds it, the possibility of any kind of reconciliation is very thin. While here, the sheriff and important citizens know about Tollinger reputation as a specialist gun city tamer. How do they live in fear of the mysterious landowner who overburden the city from them bit by bit, they will hold a meeting that chooses to hire Tollinger, to rid the city of its unsavory elements. <br /> <br /> Man with a Gun, seems to be forgotten either play or severely under saw one while I write this, it has just over 200 votes and a paltry 9 user comments written before him. It is a disgrace to any account, because although production values ​​scream that this film B West, is a great entry into the western genre. What part takes on a fairly standard plot is subject to broadcast the city turns into a vengeful dark angel will probably not make a movie for favors over the years, I've read the synopsis and thought it was just another in the line of the same thematic photos. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find a dark dramatic picture boasts many pleasant moments, both technically and how the story. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum as a leader Tollinger, perfectly cast, he walks through the picture as some thoughtful threat. We often talk about the presence of the screen, John Wayne and Charlton Heston was justified {course} Mitch is right up there with the best of them. One sequence is to see that he was standing in the shadows at the back of the room as the meeting takes place, we do not see his face, but we can feel that litter piercing looks at us!. The rest of the cast is also very much in the shadow of Mitch, so it really is just a great man, the films that are the powers are high, perhaps it is unfair to stand Ted de Corsia to hit, but people with minor disabilities gun with ' They are with their wicked, and unfortunately there is no de Corsia any villainesque threat. Score from Alex North beautifully layered {Spartak fans certainly will prick up their ears} and cinematography by Lee Garmes very impressive when one realizes that most of this was filmed on the studio lot. Directed and co-written by first-time director Richard Wilson, the people with the weapon has a few surprises for the genre, but it's dark tone, violence, and above all, highly watchable. 7.5 / 10
