«Una Giornata Particolare» is a film that has a name that sounds so familiar, I thought I had seen it a few times. Now that I finally, I saw it, I am very happy. This is one of the best Italian films that I know one of the most remarkable performances of Marcello Mastroianni, who plays in other masterpieces such as «La Dolce Vita» and "8 1/2," as the great Federico Fellini. Directed by Ettore Scola, is a film that takes the time to introduce signs and slowly developing story on a special day, the day Adolf Hitler visited Rome. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriel, a neighbor Antoinette (Sophia Loren). It is not a member of the party of Mussolini, quite fanatic in her mind, and he is a member of no more. The reason is that I will not open. On that day, everyone of these buildings, including her husband and child, it is to see Hitler, they are still in the building. Antonietta bird slips and flies in the apartment Gabriel, and this is how the two meet. Just I went to Antonietta Gabriele he thought about suicide, again for reasons I will not disclose. As the story develops here, I will not reveal, but it's what happens between them, which makes it such a special day, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianni has excellent performance. You can see that he is a man who desperately wants someone around him, although at first we do not know why. Maybe he likes Antonietta, maybe he's in love with her, maybe there are other reasons. Antoinette feels what we feel. What does he want from her? She loves the attention anyway. We see how she does her hair to look good for a person. Lauren plays the scenes are very good as well. We understand her questions, although we can not be sure that her intention. In moments when we learn how their secrets, if that's what you call it, it's a great moment. As the story develops from there even more interesting, but I do not want to spoil it for you. This is a film that you should see. Great performances and beautiful cinematography, and the message that it gives us is still standing today.
