As has already been set, the best option ever epics of Homer. Shot entirely in natural areas in the Mediterranean. Sea and sky surprisingly blue, green and unspoiled island. Clothing and linen, wool and fur, stone setting and naked, all the more strong and primitive, a little, what you find in Cacoyannis or Pasolini's films, and this makes it all the more accurate. Although the story is based on myths and commonly included in the supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​what life in the 10th century BC, may have been the case. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is somewhat slow and strict, but it is so beautiful that you can quickly get into it. In fact, it is surprisingly close to the original story of Homer, if not in the text itself. Odysseus comes to the first hour, the beginning centered on his son, looking after him. Then he suddenly is lost during a storm, the land on the island in Pheacians, where the royal family takes care of him. His adventures tell in flashback, as a story to his hosts: the monstrous Cyclops, Circe's magical world, Hell, sirens, etc. Eventually he returned to his homeland So after 20 years, and it all ends abruptly murder of the contenders for his faithful Penelope husband. <br /> <br /> ever, Odyssey is unprecedented metaphor for the struggle of human life. The cast is brilliant and international here. Irene Papas gives us the performance of a typical Greek tragedy style, like Penelope, but the most amazing is the Albanian actor Fehmi, like Ulysses. Really nice and quite convincingly, it seems, the role was actually made for him. Surprisingly, he was never offered the role after this measurement. Also plays Nausicaa Barbara Bach (as Barbara Gregorini) later known as James Bond girl in "The Spy Who Loved Me", and play Athena Michel Breton, which otherwise noted in a strange movie called "the Performance" with Mick Jagger. <br /> <br /> how it was done 35 years ago, the series was actually quite new to his time as the first big European co-production for TV (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I have seen this mini-series to 8 parts on French television in 1974. I was a child, and then, and even though it was all in black and white, he left a very vivid impression. All my life long I thought, if I ever get the chance to see him again, as he has never been shown on French TV later. <br /> <br /> Recently, I found a copy on DVD (all in excellent color) over the Internet. This, unfortunately, only in Italian, without subtitles, while French and German versions existed then. I have never heard, have the English version of the film as it is commonly known in the Anglo Saxon world, and it's very disappointing. If you ever get a chance to watch it, you're not going to forget ever. <br /> <br /> There have been many versions of the Odyssey before or after. One of Camerino in 1955 starring Kirk Douglas is the classic sword and sandals, as the "10 commandments", but not as impressive, and very short for such a complex history. One in 1997, Konchalovsky is a flashy Hollywood film based on special effects, sometimes very bloody, very badly and acted rudely away from the history and atmosphere of Homer.
