No, this is not a continuation of the fabulous series of OVA, but rather a remake of the events that occurred after the death of Ghim (and disappearance Woodchuck). In addition, more specifically the novels that inspired this wonderful series, so the characters (namely, Orson and Shiris) re-introduced, and why this story may seem somewhat different from those used in the OVA. (The booklet included provides excellent answers to such questions, as do the various sites on the Internet.) The first eight episodes of the television series 27 pieces focus on the fateful battle at the Mountain Demon Dragon. The remaining 19 episodes introduce us Spark, blue wool wannabe knight who identifies with Parn, and his ragtag team of misfits as they attempt to stop the Dark Master of the resurrection Wagnard Kardis destroyer. <br /> <br /> While it's not quite the equivalent of the original Lodoss WAR (we all love the finale, where Parn rescues from Deedlit Wagnard, is not it?), this TV observation is even more fun for fantasy lovers. Even if the animation is limited (and step-down from the first Lodoss art band) is 27 pieces series elements has its attractiveness. Quite Unrealized characters, engaging storyline, magic, romance and a great soundtrack, killed Kaoru Water from Ninja Scroll, all give this unequal spin-off punch. <br /> <br /> While OVA dubbing Lodoss has been criticized for one reason or another, I always loved it, and still consider it one of my favorite duplicates. So I had great hopes for the dubbing for the annals, made in 1999-2000. For the most part, Lodoss TV English cross-track (if not stellar) quality; This, however, has its share of problems. Most of the original cast who lent their voices English characters return Lodoss (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!), Which is a nice bonus. On the other hand, Billy Rege more mature sound Parn bit offputting. He does not do a bad job, but his voice came as a lattice for the first eight episodes (with the result that some anti-dub dub fans instantly diss), but by the time the Spark and the company on the scene, I found it less annoying. (I do not know if it's because he has improved or if it just grew on me.) In addition, not everyone returns OAV duplicate. Jayce Reeves only voice Wagnard (badly) for a single episode; he replaced Pete Zarustica for the show, which gives a clumsy, yet the evil turn (as well as the expected evil laugh). Porridge Anthony Cruz, on the other hand, too tired, and takes about five or so episodes to find its course. Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective, as Orson, especially during his last dramatic scenes. <br /> <br /> In addition to Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (ashram), and Al Muscari (Slane), best dubbing voice comes from some new characters, including Crispin Freeman (Spark , Maar, Garrack -episodes 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who voiced Pirotess in the OAV, but Raina's voice with vulnerability and sassiness, and Carl), and especially Angora Deb (who steals every scene , she half-elf sheet). The rest of the cast is not terrible by any means, but a little more uneven than the OAV duplicate. Some of them are all right (Aldonova, Grievous), while others are dull (hobbies, palace guards, dragons, etc.), and only a few were awful (in particular, VA Prince Reona is too harsh and monotonous for a fighter of justice). <, Br /> <br /> actually the lack of continuity of the ear (some cast members to get new voices for some inexplicable reason, by the time we get some of the later episodes) is one of the dubbing problems. Others include less catchy and more uncomfortable dialogue, which sounds uneven timing, and, finally, (I apologize in advance for the fans of this) Lodoss island segments. These unusual, super-deformed sideshow at the end of each episode or entertain or take you untouched. Admittingly, I first found them mostly a nuisance, but they sorta grew on me after a while. (In addition, there are some showstoppingly funny lines such as "I am the king of porridge, and this is my cashew nuts! I'm really nuts!") These shortcomings dub rank for chronicling a notch below that of OVA, which leads to uneven English track He summarized best as «OK». <br /> <br /> If a miracle, when the Japanese language track is the preferred choice to listen, well, guess what? The Japanese version has its good and bad points too. Although some voices less irritable than the track of the English language, I found other, less attractive than the English equivalents (eg, an actress who does Deedlit nowhere nearly as good as the Lisa Ortiz OR Oh Tohma). Also, I should point out that the Japanese cast is NOT THE SAME AS OVA. Since the series was made seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) of the cast members are replaced with new ones. Despite the fact that they make a solid good work, it can be a major annoyance for those who are accustomed to throwing Japanese OVA. Shows that not all of the Japanese language better than English, huh? Despite its shortcomings, the chronicle of the heroic KNIGHT another fine series that deserves to hold its own ground. He was not without rough edges and does not always live up to its predecessor, but there are enough good points to counter the bad, making it moderately enjoyable fantasy anime.
