In terms of art, it has been very turbulent era in the 1970s. In literature and the visual arts, this was the closure of a large fifty or sixty year period of creativity, which has yet to be restored. In music, it was a decade that many see a low point, due to the corporate rock and disco. On television, he was the golden age for the sitcom, from The Odd Couple to The Mary Tyler Moore Show in the M * A * S * H ​​for everyone in the family, but in the film it was even more creative period in all genre that has seen the growth of US auteur- directors like Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese- from the ashes of the old studio system that dominated Hollywood for more than half a century. These directors would like to develop a competent, cinema art for the masses, such as those that have been staples in Europe after the Second World War. However, the studio trying to keep up with such a socially advanced films not seen since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But, unlike the films of the 1930s, starring actors like Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually starring in dead children), which deals with social issues in a realistic rough or as realistic as could have been obtained on a sound stage, the public consciousness in the late 1960s and early 1970s was most sci-fi movies that allowed the left wing of Hollywood, to preach to the masses under the guise of what most little higher comics entertainment considered. There was a precedent for such an approach for some of the flying saucer movies of the 1950s engaged in political Zeitgeist in the McCarthy era especially The Day the Earth Stood Still and Invasion Of The Body Snatchers. And in the early 1960s I saw Rod Serling constantly undermine political conservatism time injection of social issues in the setting of science fiction in his classic science fiction television anthology show grim area. Among the studio proposals so far have been environmentally sensitive Silent Running; George Lucas first film THX 1138, relating to consumerism, group think, and existentialism; Escape and Logan, who hammered away at communism and state control over the rights of man. Some of the links of the film is quite heavyhanded- and stench while current Arab oil crisis and rampant inflation. Several warp strawberries cost $ 150, and it sort Soylent rations color foods- Soylent Yellow, Red, and Soylent Green Soylent new, supposedly made of "the best growth underwater" in a manner not unlike the gas rationing time. Scenes food riots are terrible echoes oil riots at many gas stations throughout the year and the release of the film scenes and closeness of the body, living and dead, lying still all about the terrible and influence. Later, the film, as an escape from New York is an obvious offspring. The rest of the script, Stanley R. Greenberg, however, is rather pedestrian, and quite standard for dystopia Flick, but Fleischer and cinematographer Richard H. Kline doing a great job of filling the screen with interesting pictures and sounds to spice things. The use of soft, poorly-lit visual dimly filtered adds Stygian feelings for New York movie, almost like a painted version in Vampyr Dreyer. The only source of light in the film comes from artificial sources, and were it not for the fashion faux pas film can really seem timeless. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, where Thorn sneaks in a processing plant, where the body of a man made Soylent green plates, is both chilling and amazing drama less. In the end, the minions Soylent hunt down thorn, but he survives long enough to utter the catchphrase of the film to the main Hatcher. However, no one knows when he's already enough for Hatcher to co-opt, and has the experience of taking the easy way out. Nevertheless, the fact, and its ambiguity, show that the film does not summarize the dilemma of his characters, and have a depth much later, it is better to make a movie, Sci Fi or not, no matter. Also, why the film Soylent Green is still worth watching.
