Documenting archivist. This is one way to describe Keep the river on your right: Modern Cannibal Tale. This film is worth anthropologist Tobias Shnibaum, who in his late 70's, went on his way back to the place he spent time as a researcher of the field party for more than 40 years ago, first in West Papua, and then Peru. Tobias is a rich character: cheerful Jewish artist anthropologist who EEKs to life on the teachings of cruise ship tourists gawking about the culture he came to have a deep respect and understanding. Author of several books documenting his time with both West Papua Asmat and cannibals Amazonians in Peru, Tobias pursues what happened at the time in these places and how intimate his relationship and the relationship began. Nevertheless, constant wonder and gratitude to Tobias to places he should know, admirable and pleasant to look at. One can only hope one day to achieve and maintain such a humble themselves. <br /> <br /> Tobias makes a unique object for study because the experience he is facing in submerging in these two tribal societies left him fundamentally changed. This film calls into question the notion of morality and "naturalness" - for example, nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Watch for the graphic scenes of circumcision). Answering the question why he is engaged in some of the local practices that others will be morally condemned, its impartiality nature asks, "Why not?" Who is the way other cultures is right or wrong? These little sleepers should look not only to the types of National Geographic, but also those who are interested in the art of documentary making. This film shows what can be done filmed on video. Editing provides quiet opening Tobias life that leaves you fascinated to watch. Sometimes he despairs of pushing the set to make an emotional journey back, especially in view of his age and physical weakness. We can only be grateful that Tobias allowed the tables to include themselves, perhaps in sympathy with the desire to understand humanity and its place in the world. The filmmakers provide some critical moments of balance, representing, for example, an anthropologist who believes that Tobias predetermined its conclusions (homosexuality in this case) on the basis of his personal interests. However, you can not decide if you cease to be shocked, and if you take this man home to cuddle. Move over River Queen, this is the best river ride I took at the time.
