The world in 1973 Soylent GREEN sci-fi drama is that we could see if we are not careful. It is a world in which the population of New York City has exceeded the 40 million mark in the year 2022 overpopulation, air pollution, the annual wave of heat and lack of food is the rule. The only hope comes from the food called Soylent Green. But what exactly is the staple food is really made of? This question is at the center of a somewhat outdated, but still intriguing film based on the nine hundred and one thousand and sixty-six Harry Harrison's novel «Make Room! Make Room! »Charlton Heston stars as Thorn, police detective in New York, which comes in the murder of a top manager of the corporation (Joseph Cotten). As it turns out, Cotten was aboard the Soylent corporation directors, people in charge of all the food that people need to consume instead of the real thing. Heston said that it was not just a garden variety of the murder, which was hit by Cotten for a reason. He gets a lot of help from him a little grumpy, but very shrewd "books" (Edward G. Robinson, in his 101st and final cinematic appearance), and a few timely reminders that the world used to be like. That Robinson learns about Soylent Green shocking him beyond all imagination; but before he can say Heston all that he knows that he euthanized. And if Heston really get to know the secret of Soylent Green ... well, that part has become immortalized in cinematic history <br /> <br /> Under very professional guiding hand of director Richard Fleischer (Boston Strangler ;. FANTASTIC Voyage), Soylent is GREEN rather grim, but thought-provoking look at a dystopian future that humanity can live, if we do not curb our tendency to strip the planet of its natural resources. Indeed, this was a project that was very Heston as for filming in 1968, after he had struck gold in the sci-fi genre with the Planet of the Apes - a fact that is likely to be lost when his ultra-conservative political philosophy comes in a conversation (after all, Soylent GREEN unlikely path to unbridled capitalism). Robinson, as always, is the consummate professional in his latest role; the sequence where he euthanasia (as he looks at the world with the best video era, music by Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg) quite simply heartbreaking. The film also benefits from a solid support help Chuck Connors (as a very convincing heavy), Brock Peters (as Heston boss) and Leigh Taylor-Young, a woman who is trying to help Heston in his requests. <br /> <br /> It must seem easy these days to dismiss for Soylent GREEN seen. But those who do need to think twice; for the world of this film could eventually become our really, if we do not see what we do with what we have today.
