"Garden of Allah" is a prime example "of the popular women's literature", the style of the twentieth century twist, combining unbridled vengeance erotic and exotic dreams with challenging glamor fake mysticism and sado-masochistic bite Catholic guilt, as well as Jane Eyre can not be really happy, until her castle burned down around her and her lover permanently maimed for their sins, or the heroine of "Rebecca" could not find true fulfillment in her marriage until her master's husband was put on trial for the murder of his first wife (and her castle burned down around her), or poor Psyche could not leave well enough alone and had to get Secret Cupid at any cost, Domini, a devout Catholic character of this part of the scar, you can only find true sexual fulfillment inadvertently marry the man who renounced his monastic vows of saints. Like all such narratives to encourage female readers and encourage couples, this one is based on the oldest tricks in the book: the basic misunderstandings and inability to express their true feelings in the right place at the right time, before it is too late, the logic is, that any end to sexual ecstasy can be given to as long as one is willing to eventually pay a high enough price for it in the redemption in the last act. This Paul Claudel is reduced to standards of beauty magazine Salon. Well ... It could have been much worse, and it was often ... <br /> <br /> With no religious overtones, the story of the film is that your basic porn movie: hypersexuality monk wisely refraining from running away desert, where it has a few rolls in the dunes with a romantic, slim, but naive Catholic heir, before the reintegration of his monastery, all the passion gone, leaving her to clean up your mess. And I really resent the comparison of other commentators of Anatole France's "Thais", a complex novel that was going to make fun of the entire concept of the Catholic sexual repression, some of which occurred in Massenet's opera of the same name, fortunately. <br /> <br /> But what makes this picture unique in the history of commercial female eroticism, of course, a huge constellation of talents, gathered under one flag to make this cinematic wet dream in a shimmering, living life. Imperishable Technicolor picture that will outlive all of us, a truck worthy character actor (including a cute dog), musical score by Max Steiner, who seems determined to make a "compiled by the film" Michael Powell (who, ironically, was a bit role in 1927 silent version) always dreamed about, giggling sometimes to the point of discord, but always come through in splendid symphony, opera exotic, dream-like atmosphere, where material considerations are not the object, the characters are traveling as if by magic from one place to the next, Dialogue is sparse, vague and suggestive, art direction close to the celestial, flower arrangements are in humble hut or tent, wardrobe heroine is inexhaustible and all the male characters are either aristocrats, saints who have been convicted, but horny sinners, mystics and poets. <br /> <br /> Aah ... Hollywood! MGM DVD presentation of the film bare bones, but immaculate. The data transfer rate is very high throughout, the color registration is almost always accomplished and 2.0 mono sound really does justice bills Max Steiner and the penultimate recognition. <br /> <br /> boji historical reference of that kind "of women heading": in the next year (1937), Duvivier, obviously inspired by the "Garden of Allah", the director of "Cornet of Bal de", which is very similar clothes horse oil-won 't-melt-in-her mouth heroine (widowed after leaving the patient's husband in the exotic remoteness of some incredibly romantic alpine lake villa) wants to know that she lost, looking up dancer in her first dance book. she finds them all time, only to realize that what the feeling was in some moment between her and Dandy he was either wrong, exaggerated or have had during all the life of tragic consequences. It was a cynical way to Duvivier tell us to beware impossibly idealistic notions and that we all have to grow up sooner or later.
