I found this film after reading the book that inspired it. This is not strictly a biopic; it is "based" on facts. But I found it compelling and horrifying study of evil and madness, and Michel Serres gives an unforgettable performance as Dr. PETIOT <br /> <br /> There are a lot of memorable images in this film. PETIOT journey through the night, like a vampire, his black coat flapping behind him, almost a cult. There are also a few strokes of Expressionism - crookedly silhouette PETIOT exacerbated the stairs leading from the basement, where the remains of his victims cut await cremation, reminds me of some of the scenes from "Nosferatu» <br /> <br /> But I've found. The main attraction of this film to be a hearing. The soundtrack is loaded with ominous sounds, starting with the opening credits ominous music, accompanied by wordless groans. PETIOT lives and works his medical practice in a complex with a lot of small shops, and there is a strong background noise sharpen knives somewhere and peddler play terrible music on a turn. There are noises of animals, and - the concierge keeps a goat, a cat vyti invisible, and later - in the film we see the unfortunate cattle drives through the underpass. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, with overtones of violence and carnage <br /> <br /> Not only animals, but also human voices are often heard. - the cries of the victims of the Gestapo, PETIOT patients in his waiting room, a tracking device to listen to, as well as employees of the suspects after the war are tracked in their cages. Even the film are often located so that we hear the voices of the participants, not seeing them - if PETIOT goes to Mrs. Kern, we hear her singing as she works, her voice echoing in the theater before we ever see it And even when it appears, it is often filmed from behind, her voice calls to her husband, whose voice calls to her in a conversation. The disembodied voice echoed in large halls, and their owners, if we look at all, taking pictures from a distance, so we can not actually see them to talk. This is a story about ghosts, ghosts and these voices - many of them victims of future PETIOT <br /> <br /> However, very often only PETIOT voice. his chilling laughter echo when he retreats from the camera, throwing out comments behind him in the air, or to anybody. In a sense, it is the same ghost as those he murder. He always desperately busy that ran from destination to destination, never at rest. But his work is that machines - lifeless and quiet. Interestingly, among all the horror and danger of occupied Paris, PETIOT one unafraid; he was surprised, enthusiastic, angry, annoyed, dismissive, but never fear, in contrast to those of real people, it leads to their death. It is not surprising that he boasts of his mechanical inventions, including perpetual motion (real part of the book - he claims to have invented many machines); He is a native of his perpetual engine of the car. And mechanical devices everywhere in the film, from the opening of the giant wheel at the cinema, on the bike PETIOT (in their creaking wheels echo the sound of sharpening knives), a Victrola he continues to winding to play music before he makes a kill, even his routine with their victims mechanically - to write a note to my wife, let me cover you before you leave, you will need the vaccine, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - as a well-oiled machine, the process is always the same, just as writing is always the same. <br /> <br /> Maeder, the author says that it was a clockwork perfection of their crimes, which weighed so heavily against PETIOT in court. His system was smooth and efficient in a Nazi concentration camp, and this may be why the film comes up with a story PETIOT involvement with the French Gestapo and the Nazi occupation. Unfortunately, it does not quite work as a part of history, because it is very difficult to figure out just what makes PETIOT for employees, or what happens when it ends up in the headquarters in the middle of the night. With bodies? Concealment of stolen goods? It's hard to say, hard to believe; it is unlikely the state will turn to freelance as PETIOT <br /> <br /> But it reminds us of the duality of evil men. PETIOT robber and a murderer, but he is also a devoted father and husband. Just as we have learned that Hitler loved dogs, and that the Nazis were to blame for the worst war crimes can also be loving parents and family people, so we must recognize that PETIOT can make incredible horrors and still function properly. His insanity is easily masked madness and horror of the situation of war in Paris; if killed, robbed and threatened occur all around, no one pays attention to how PETIOT throws more corpses to the pile.
