I saw this film at the International Film Festival in Toronto. I loved it, and not just for the obvious reasons. Blind is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers who are trying to climb one of the sister peak Mount Everest. Now, this kind of thing, as a rule, can not miss. Inspired. Moving. Pretty standard, right? And even if the film was just that, I would still like it. But it was much more. Blind himself, German Sabriay Tenberken created a school for blind children in Tibet, in a culture that sees blindness as a curse, as proof that the person has done bad stuff in a previous life. Many children in school have been avoided all his life, and in the best case, are a burden to their families. As part of his education, Tenberken share with them the story of the American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind person to reach the summit of Mount Everest. She sends him a letter inviting him to come and visit their students. Instead, he comes up with a plan. It will organize an expedition for them to climb the 23,000 foot Lhakpa Ri and provide all the guides and equipment. Sabri is six participants who wish and this is where the fun begins. <br /> <br /> Eric Team mostly American, mostly men and mostly seeing. As experienced climbers, they are persons of type A very fanatical and purposeful. Sabri is not European, woman, and blind, and students for her more than a "project", no matter how good intentions. In addition, students are Tibetan, and not old enough or confident enough to always stand up for themselves. As the deployment of the expedition, they become pawns in a relationship between two adults, "the parties", wanting to please and, at the same time, wishing to gain the confidence that comes from achievement. As an additional obstacle (except for the blind, that is), they say in English, as a second or, in most cases, a third language, and the struggle to understand and have understood. <br /> <br /> If it turns out that none of the students have climbing experience, and that some of them are much more coordinated than others, he begins to unravel Eric's original plan for them all to reach the top together. As students and teachers begin to suffer from the effects of high altitude, decisions must be made as to whether to continue or send a few down the mountain. Among the high altitude effects increased irritability, and you can see how this is fueling the conflict between adults. At the risk of simplification, on the one hand, are those for whom mesto_naznachenie all, and on the other hand, those who just want to enjoy the journey. I will not tell you how it all turns out, moreover, that it was one of the most amazing stories and reflections that I have seen in a long time. <br /> <br /> The film also weaves a bit of the history of every climber in the story, and it was imperative, because only on the rise, children tend to keep their heads down and their mouths. With all the drama going on around them, which is not surprising. The history is by turns charming and good, and I found it very strange that I was close to tears at the beginning of the film than at the end. This was contrary to my expectations, and another pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> In addition to all the human drama to cover, Director, Walker and her small crew had to contend with cold and oxygen-deprived conditions themselves, dragging equipment to the mountains, hoping that it will not break. As in all great documentaries, the director just got lucky (or smart enough, whether prepared enough) to be in the right place at the right time, and she captured a very special story that has so much to say about the people who want to do "what is best for children," as it does about the children themselves.
