There is an episode of The Simpsons, having a joke news report referring to the Army training base as «Killbot Factory." Comment here is just a part of the idle jokes, but what a documentary by Patricia Foulkrod in doing this shows us, afraid that it is not too far from the truth. After World War II in the US Army decided to take up the challenge that they faced during the war; that many soldiers were in battle and were completely unable to kill another person, unless it was a matter of "me or them." Since then, the process of preparing the US Army to remove all moral scruples and turn a rookie into a killing machine, which is not considered combatants as human beings. In order to develop in them the most unnatural state :. "Sustainable desire to kill» <br /> <br /> First of all, this is not an anti-war film as such. Although it is, of course, paints a war in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses more on the aspect that has not received attention, because a lot of the media, as, for example, the debate about the legality of the war, or that physical success or failure; affect the process of human becoming a soldier is on the man as a person. It is a paradox that train someone to be a soldier, to protect society makes them completely unsuitable for life as a part of themselves that society, and while most of the examples and the respondents of the current Middle East conflict Foulkrod makes references to past conflicts, especially Vietnam painfully clear. This is not about any particular war, we are talking about the problems caused by the war in general <br /> <br /> Structurally, the film seems to be divided into three sections. how new recruits are drawn into the army and training they receive, how they are treated when they are in the fight, and what happens when they leave the army. Once that point is reached, you understand that the main purpose of the film is actually a policy, which are an integral part of the armed forced, policies that are put in place to make affective soldiers in combat strength, but the removal of all human individual. Interviewees said chamber as the recruitment process seems so pure and simple, as the word like "democracy" and "freedom" is banded around but after training starts, they become "the enemy" and "kill" and "kill" . Just as the soldiers actions do not care what they ordered, since they are entrenched with the idea that as soon as they fulfill the order, whatever it may be, they are one step closer to going home. They have no political or social ideals to fight for but to fight and kill, as is the fact that they were trained to do. <br /> <br /> But the main purpose is the ground truth, to highlight the way the US army dropped those who fought for their country, as soon as they return home. There's no real rehabilitation given to the soldiers who have returned, and many of them are forced to go home, unable to cope with what they saw and did, and most of the policies in place, it seems, to make sure that the army has no legal responsibility for the psychological the effect of their soldiers to pick up. This is the final humiliation, that once they are used they are discarded. <br /> <br /> If there is a flaw in the film is that Foulkrod is not trying to show another side to the argument. You would get the impression that every soldier who ever would go back to the war with post traumatic stress syndrome. It would be interesting to see such a ?? less liberal education to express their views on how the army is engaged in training and policy. There's never a chance for the other side of the argument, to declare itself. <br /> <br /> But besides the fact that it is a documentary artfully created, as well as the use of Foulkrod footage and music perfectly used to get through the side of the war, which too often gets s adopted when discussing the war precipitation.
