"Descent". Yes. Boy ... I did this powerful and shimmering since Bruno Dumont has not seen, "Twentynine Palms» (2003). (By the way, this film is not to be confused with another relatively recent peak on the theme "women's empowerment", "Descent" (2005), directed by our Splat update friend, Neil Marshall, who also happens to be a major talent of his own right.) But back to the this "Descent" efforts NC-17 rating (uh-ah), on which a beautiful Mrs. Dawson takes a producer credit (congratulations), and directed by Talia Lugacy (a strong chance that this is not her real name), as well as (in points ), there is no clear majority lay there, because the script is quite spoiled. As a producer, you really need to tighten this scenario. Of course, the premise alone, you have a promise of growth in the conflict, but still have the task of implementing it in the growing conflict. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this thing plays like an interesting piece of experimental theater and, well, I think I'll let others who have commented here speak boringness this, and exactly what happens in the second act bottles find me the second act, which is not boring? There's also the catch 22 that goes along with these quasi-independent films such as "Descent", in which Rosario happens, attach themselves and using her "fame-identity" to get the script in production that would, under normal conditions, It does not get done while all at the same time, it is mainly in the leading miscast film roles. Dawson Rosary is not lush and, apparently, you can take the girl to almost any angle throughout the day, but, oh, wow Wei, how fast time just slips away: Rosy nya nya no longer a student. It is part of the confusion about the script: "Is it a post-graduate TOT No, graduate students do not have these types of doubts with the players, do not you ??" Again, if you are Rosario Dawson, executive producer, is one of many, many aspects process of professional film you have to think about how you get on this beautiful new role in your film career. And if you do not have to answer the question, why did you film is not convincing, let me tell you: there is a boat and a bevy of busy, well-qualified students between the ages of talents, sadly, to participate in the business that might come, that the protagonist down all the time, looking just as pretty darn good, how do you know who; but, unfortunately, without Ms. Dawson -not honey, no money. I have to say that the camera department did a wonderful job, however, because this movie is very well shot (ie burn) in all its dreary / dreamy darkness. The night scenes look fine; we can say that all these music videos are starting to pay off, and the game with time ... Shooting / framing all absolutely wonderful, making a picture of useful hours. <br /> <br /> «Descent" did not really big. Nevertheless, I have a feeling, thanks to Netflix, the film will find a life of its own. I hope that this group continues to make films. If you are an American experimental filmmaking, cinematic imagery is incredibly well-educated college studs (or male model cast) in the early twenties, or if you have a bachelor degree, just angry with hormonally aggressive young people who make up less than half of your American university, "Descent Dawson beads "may be your taste RockaRoll.
