I made this film simply because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to watch it with my friend and 6 minutes we were glued to our seats. Not because of any intensity in the 6 minute, but because it was a real movie. A lot of Hollywood the BS, no explosions, no corny liners; film. He drew you in slowly, swaying you to the man's tragic fate. Some people think that they love the film, but they are deeply mistaken. They love movies; mindless entertainment for only entertainment in. Michael Bay's Transformers have been made, etc. just for this audience. I do not think people just watch and allow ever stereotype we can muster to slowly dissolve your brain. We even advertise throughout the film to keep you buying our products. And do not forget, explosions, we all love explosions. Here we make a distinction, the art can be exciting, but it is also thoughtful and moves you in hidden ways. Entertainment rare cunning and even then only at random. Cinema is the entertainment. Descent movie. The film is an art. <br /> <br /> If you are still home of the soul within your walking machine meat-bag, a scene of rape is as powerful as "irreversible". The difference here is that the "irreversible" forcible rape scene involving two people whose road, unfortunately, passed the wrong time, and it was hell. "Descent" of rape date. No less disgusting. No less depraved. Just different. It is a violation of trust, the desecration of the soul and the scars that run deep. If the nature of the "Maya" was consenting would be a hot sex scene. But seeing as she tries desperately to escape the scene sick. "Jared" is sick and manipulative serial rapist, and it is quite disturbing, because it so closely resembles a passionate affair. How can the "Maya" will never be close to someone again, when even in the midst of raping her slick lover boy facade "Jared" only ever hints of slippage? It is destroyed. <br /> <br /> The film as a whole is beautiful. The camera work and lighting are sometimes removed Wednesday and focused everything on the "Maya" and silent inner workings of his mind. All this is achieved Rosary facial expressions and gestures. The soundtrack was great, the whole mixture. My favorite scene especially as the synchronicity of all these aspects of the film work together; dancing "Maya" in a sea of ​​writhing bodies, something inside her awakening, it became known, is all set to beautifully boring Jeff Buckley song. <br /> <br /> I do not think I really messed up something here, but I'm stopping before me. As a result, I think it was the best film of 2007, hands down. Unfortunately, it seems that everything is so jaded these days, if you do not hack and slash, gang rape, or nuclear weapons is nothing if people just can not be bothered. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It is only recently that will take place in this existence. The worst things that do not happen will not leave you. They are always in your thoughts. If you take a shower; When you brush your teeth; If you buy a Christmas gift, if you tie your shoes; they pursue you. They haunt you to the fact that the last thing that frees you. <br /> <br /> Treat yourself. Try it yourself. Watch this movie.
