Although this film is the first accounting course great actors, special effects, which are excellent, and the story line, which is full of surprises, it was not picked up for distribution studio and went straight to DVD. Perhaps he has too many "anti-police" information, or perhaps it sticks out too much flicks actions that stand out during saturation, but for whatever reason the big screen missed the opportunity, fortunately, a new concept release straight to DVD allows. to enjoy it <br /> <br /> old theme: rookie reporter reveals the inner circle of police officers who are corrupt - in this case Frat (Assault First Response and Tactical) team, a group of well-trained police created to clean the mythical citydysana from its low point of crime, drugs, prostitution, etc. Work under the guise of the temptation of appropriating the confiscated goods and the money is too much about the possibility and now, 15 years after its formation, Frat responsible for murder, drug trafficking, terrorizing innocent people, etc. Lazerov lead dog (Dylan McDermott, who makes a real gangster awful!) and his partner Rafe bill of sale (LL Cool J, has a more positive effect than usual, and to prove that he can be a sensitive actor). Reporter Pollack (Justin Timberlake) catches wind "bad mistake" and announces his theory of fraud and corruption in his newspaper Ashford boss (Always reliably excellent Morgan Freeman). Pole gradually persuades Ashford, and then Wallace (Kevin Spacey, and invariably a great character actor), and they help the researcher Pollack. The closer Pollack gets to the truth, the more surprises and bad incidents happen, and the story goes on Pall Mall in the direction of a series of unexpected results. <br /> <br /> Timberlake lacks the charisma to carry the lead, especially in the company of experienced actors. But LL Cool J, Freeman, Spejsi McDermott and keep well greased rolling machine movie to the very end. No, this is not a great movie, but it is one that does for edge of the seat action flick with a message. grady Harp
