Beatlemaniac being that I am, I approached the two of us with a combination of fear and excitement. Seeing "in his life: The John Lennon Story», I was very concerned that the two of us will not be better. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris look absolutely nothing like John Lennon and Paul McCartney ?? even with some make-up and hairstyles actually ?? Sun helped one bit. <br /> <br /> But I was more than a little pleasantly surprised. This is probably due to the participation of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who led the Let It Be in 1970 and thus probably knew John and Paul are very good that the characters and dialogue across as convincing as they did. (The writing credit for the two of us is given to man by the name of Mark Stanfield, of which I know absolutely nothing, I'm sure the director Lindsay-Hogg was more than a little to do with a script.) Two Of Us is not biography of the Beatles; it has very little plot, in fact, takes place all in one day in New York. What it does is to imagine John and Paul met in 1976, while John lived in New York. This meeting is completely fictional, of course ?? although he can not really be disputed that such a meeting did take place. But after this conversation imaginary gives us the opportunity to look into the faces of these two great musicians ?? their mind, their sense of humor, their different reactions to stardom, and most of their relationship; that made them such a great team, and that broke them. <br /> <br /> Since this conversation the film, nothing special dialogue between two characters for an hour and a half, with the exception, it is likely to ruin everything, but a staunch supporter of the Beatles; but it's a fantastic piece of writing and history, and is both informative and touching. For those who are interested in these two musical giants, very soon you will get the shock of how different actors are playing with their peers and feel as John and Paul alive ?? so intimate and compelling script and made it so the actors. Two of us gives valuable insight into the lives of two geniuses, and a story that is both sad and funny. Most, of course, is recommended.
