Quintessence of the Georgian film George Danelia, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Nha grieve on a novel by French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) «Mon Oncle Benjamin" the novel takes place in the country side of 18th century France. The French Revolution is still ahead, but some of it violent signs are present in society. Benjamin, a local doctor heart of the local community, educated, friendly, democratic rights, which often cures the poor for free. This makes it very popular among the locals, but most certainly did not help his bank account. He is in love with a beautiful Manette, who is also crazy about him, but now closely watched by her father, who called his daughter "his small capital" and is determined to protect her virginity until the moment has not signed the marriage contract ... I never read the book, and from the description, it sounds like a very divine French novel, but I'm fascinated with the results of moving the characters and some plot elements of the French 18th century to the early 20th century, Georgia Grusiya. I think it was Danelia, who came up with all the beautiful memorable characters that feel like home in his native Georgia-Grusiya, land of long and fine traditions, including the art of making and drinking wine, rare musical talents that all Georgians seem to have a very unique sense of humor and a high code of honor. When we watched the movie last night with my husband, he said he was a great example of a feature film, and I agree with him. Do not mourn the perfect art film, visually beautiful, deep, but funny, sometimes sad and philosophy, but never instructive arrogant, but optimistic, celebrate life with all its beauty and sadness, full of interest, love of irony and understanding for him a little bit eccentric, but very human characters. Most importantly, the film is warm and gentle, he does not look down on their audience, as some of the art of painting to do. You must not be a movie buff to love it, live with it, smile and sigh at him to follow mellowness young doctor Benjamin (the first role in the film Danelia famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze from which Danelia would go on to make two more films including one of my all time favorites, Mimino) on their way across mountain and Georgia. Or to be a guest at one of the kind of party where friends gather to celebrate the life of the old Dr. Levan, who wanted to be a guest on his own track, to hear what his friends say about him when he dies, while he was in this are alive, and who gets to choose what color he prefers for his coffin. When I watched the movie, I thought it was a kind of film that Fellini would. I was not surprised at all to find an article about Danelia, where he calls Fellini its number one director. I also learned that, according to Danelia, famous Soviet director Leonid Gaidai (creator of many favorite comedies) and Sergey Paraszhanov (dreamer, which I do not have to submit another favorite movie Danelia, a fairy tale about the American boy Huck Finn, just propashchiy) felt and he spoke negatively about Do not Cry, and Fellini praised him. I dare to go a little further and just guess that perhaps the maestro Fellini in mind some images and the entire aura and atmosphere did not worry when he does Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something important that binds both films, both artists returned to his roots, to the places that they love deeply the people they remembered, loved and wanted to check out. Both films have a lot of smiles through tears. Both art films that would get straight to the hearts of the audience. Both masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I'm going to add Georgy Danelia in the list of my favorite directors. He made some brilliant paintings in my favorite genre dramedy, even tragicomedy that is funny and sweet and sour, spicy and subtle, earthy and uplifting, gentle and shiny. When I looked at the list of films that he wrote / directed, I was struck by the fact that he has not done a single bad film, since it began in 1960 with a victory story of a young boy Sergei Prize. Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites, as I'm sure they are among his legions of fans. The man behind the 'Serezha, very propashchiy (1972), which is an adaptation of Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu in Moscow (1964) aka Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Do not be sad, Athos (1975) Mimino (1977), Autumn marathon (1979) aka Autumn marathon or sad comedy, which is a very appropriate name for this film, as well as for the entire genre that Danelia virtually invented the cult and for more than 20 years, Kin-dza-dza (1986) It is brilliant and deserves our true love and real gratitude for the unforgettable moments of cinematic happiness.
