This is a film that could not understand me so far, but now, when I watched it, stands as one of the key elements of noir. As usual in the DivX format, view was far from ideal ?? marred by occasional video and (mainly) audio glitches ?? but considering that the film is still missing on the R1 DVD, it will have to do at the moment. Since the film is quite high reputation in the genre, I believe that the reason for this oversight, because this is not a well-known actor in the title role. <br /> <br /> Anyway, a belated entry into the film star rating ?? Franchot tons ?? It packs quite a wallop (especially as he is shown as a villain from the first)! The tone has been underestimated actor ?? he rarely given a meaty role, and it could very well be his best (making it the paranoid as a fascinating and plausible dangerous). The female lead ?? Ella Raines, who would later appear in the Brute Force (1947), as well as own a suspect in Siodmak (1944) and the amazing thing Uncle Harry (1945) ?? it's pretty cute and cleverly assumes the role of a crazy Secretary, to prove her conviction boss (Alan Baxter) innocent brutal murder of his wife. Other key bearings Thomas Gomez tried as an initial bullying, but ultimately pretty police investigator and Elisha Cook Jr. ?? The quintessence of the genre fall guy ?? as the ill-fated "womanizer" from the drummer. <br /> <br /> As a brute force in Jules Dassin, noir Siodmak was on a roll at this point in his career, and this is definitely the film benefits from its beautiful destinations? ? all inclined angles and excellent set-pieces, including a fairly well-known jazz sequence, in which Cook manic effort on his drums in a sexual frenzy brought on sluttishly-dressed Raines (who put on an act to get his attention, and at the end all drive him to admit that he withheld evidence at the inquest, which could spring her submissive lover from prison). Another big, long sequence is one in which Raines worth bartender (another uncooperative witness) on the streets of New York ?? which leads to its future mowed down by car! <br /> <br /> A typical test sequence is also ?? which is fully drawn through the reaction of the audience, so that judges, jurors, witnesses, and DA never seen in reality (though the voice of the judge is known that the veteran actor character Samuel S. Hinds). The centerpiece of the film there is a scene in which Gomez and tone to discuss the nature of the offender involved with the inspectors suppressed past mentally deranged originally giving a smug tone of "dizziness". The suspense is the culmination of Raines alone with a tone in his apartment, where she discovers evidence of his guilt ?? and he admits that he had no business with Baxter and his wife, but kill her if she did not leave her husband for him <br /> <br /> By the way, I hit the little sucker in the film :. while the story clearly in 1943, I noticed that while riding in a taxi cab to the beginning of the movie ?? in which Alan Curtis corrects titular lady in the theater ?? Notes shot from New York (containing footage apparently) have a tent Laurel and contributing one thousand nine hundred thirty-eight Hardy musical comedy, SWISS MISS! By the way, the famous writer, the secrets of Woolrich wrote the original novel on which it was based, using an alias.
