Alan Curtis has a loud-sounding violent argument with his wife, pop out of his apartment, a night drinking with a mysterious lady with a big hat in the bar (run by Andrew ~ d Tombes, in good parts of the criminal to change), and returns to find his wife dead and the police, led by Thomas Gomez is waiting for him. His attempts to prove his alibi - he was with this mysterious lady - in the autumn, because all he could think of (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims that there never was such a man. He does not end with an alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him) Helen Raines believe him. Convicted after trial, he was waiting for a death sentence. Raines begins to go after the truth, to find that Gomez has some doubt as to his own. She also finds an ally in another Curtis, Franchot tons, which was apparently out of the city in the night crime. Will it clearly Curtis time? LADY ghost based on the novel by William Irish (great writer Noir Woolrich). As film fans known from other studies Woolrich (LEOPARD MAN, NIGHT has a thousand eyes, the rear window, no one of her own), one can not assume that just on the surface anywhere. Insufficient wife merchant may not actually be in the north of the state, sending him the message that she had arrived when he still has its value. The Mentalist may indeed be able to predict the tragedy - or is he plotting the murder of his old partner, is now a millionaire oil? Is Leopard kills a young woman, a wealthy recluse in the city is actually hiding a guilty knowledge? She is the young woman claims to be his brother's wife died in a train accident, in fact an impostor? Here Raines and Gomez (with a fine assist from Tone), trying to prove Curtis did see a woman nobody admits seeing - and if he had seen it, why is no one else able to recall and see him? The problem with the story is really the face of the Curtis - it gives too easily, if found guilty of a crime he did not commit. In fact, the one who is innocent will shout it at a time when they are performed. However, in defense of Curtis collapse, it also happens to other people in various films: Gary Cooper, in the MR. DEEDS GOES TO TOWN gets so disgusting on the frame it receives as delusional mind and Douglas Dambril and his henchmen, he does not defend himself in the first, while the people who will depend on his help calls his fears in the hall court and awaken his sense responsibility. But Curtis only seems to give up. Under normal conditions, Raines, Gomez, and everything else would be like if Curtis did not. <br /> <br /> But the film survives this weakness. The slow unraveling of the lies of witnesses bribed real killer admits two partition kit with Raines Tombes on the desert hills and Elisha Cook on jazz session. Gomez is more astute than the villain expects twice again to check his alibi. And the villain manages not to keep a little ahead of Raines and Gomez until the final minutes of the film. If this is not so great as the film Double Indemnity or The Postman Always Rings Twice or The Maltese Falcon, it holds up very well to the point, and Curtis Raines reunited at the end.
