This noir may be best remembered film from the era, but it has a big secret plot, overall noir atmosphere and good performances of his lesser-known actors. Siodmak, talented director behind the mystery / horror film classic "spiral staircase" the director of this film two years earlier than the above-mentioned film, and shows a real talent for creating a dark and brooding atmosphere, as well as creating a story that both intrigues and fascinates the viewer. Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; man married a woman he does not love. He picks up a lady in a big hat in the bar one night and the two agree to a "no strings" fun night. However, then he returns home to find his apartment, infected by the police, and soon discovers that the reason they are there, because his wife was strangled with one of his neck ties! He was dismayed to find that none of it is not seen as a mysterious woman can remember it, and, of course, the jury sends it down for the murder of his wife. However, fortunately for him his beautiful female worker receives in the case ... <br /> <br /> The plot moves along nicely everywhere, and unlike many of the more famous Noir, this one has several murders that make the case more interesting . In fact, if not for the fact that it was done in the forties and shot in black and white, I have sworn Phantom Lady Italian Giallo! The central characters are all quite interesting, with Alan Curtis provides a good picture of the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines to be effective as a female detective improvised. The real standout of the film, however, Franchot tone that provides a memorable performance as a crazed villain part. The film also shows the role of supporting actor extraordinaire Elisha Cook Jr., who plays the drums characteristic of the most memorable in the film segment. If I were to criticize this film, I would say that the identity of the murderer is revealed a bit too early - at Phantom Lady really deserves some credit on this front over the original way it goes about it. Conclusion hearty and everything makes sense (which is strange, considering the unlikely storyline), and in general, Phantom Lady, certainly one of the biggest and most seen by Noir ever!
