The goal of any game James Bond to make the player feel like he performs the ultimate fantasy: a step into the shoes of Agent 007. «FRWL» approaches to this goal than any other game, because this time you control the real James Bond. No offense to Pierce Brosnan, who has done a fantastic Bond and borrowed his voice and likeness «EON», but Sean Connery was not the original James Bond, and never will be anyone who approaches it cool level. <br /> <br /> I must say, at this point, like many others who reviewed this game, Sean 70-year-old's voice does not match his 30-year-old image on the screen, and it will take some time to get used to, but it is definitely worth it. He makes the line as "Bond ?? James Bond "and again," Shake, but do not stir "in a big deal. But the control of Sir Sean as he takes on an evil organization known as the octopus is said Bond in "Octopussy", "only the tip of the tentacle." Kick-ass game begins with the discovery of the gun barrel. This is the original trunk of the films. Then you take the first mission, rescuing Hottie blonde daughter of the Prime Minister from the terrorists in the Parliament, and everything from cars to clothes quite retro. The game world is really the world of the original James Bond, right up to classic rock 'n' roll performance of the theme of James Bond, who finally plays during a key moment at the end of the game, when Bond enters the secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the opening games, the plot closely follows the plot of the film «FRWL.» James Bond is sent to Turkey to get the Lektor device with a Russian cipher clerk, who claims that she was in love with him. In Turkey, Bond teams up with a nice friend Kerim Bey. Bond should get a device to protect the girl is in trouble, and get both safely back in London. Bond screenwriter Bruce Feersteyn worked on the script, and he did a good job to make the game the same, but different from the film. Characters from the movie all recovered well, but some are better than others. Imitators voicing the villain Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are supernatural. And there's a moment early on in the game where you are dealing with Miss Moneypenny, M and the Q, all of which look and behave as they did in the original Sean Connery 007 films. <br /> <br /> What sets this game mile ahead of the other Bond games, except the voice and likeness of Sir Sean, two characteristic features in the game. One of them is the focus of Bond. While you can send a villain just blocking them with a single button and killing them on the other hand, an extra button will increase closer to the target and to choose between the spots Bond will shoot in like a grenade attached to the belt, which will guide the enemy and a few friends or a lanyard, which will cause the conditional opponent immerse his death. Another characteristic feature is the concealment and Mêlée kills. If you are in close enough, just press the button to knock the opponent out of the raw brutality that only Sean Connery James Bond appears. <br /> <br /> Bond Sean Connery mainly relied on his raw talent and mind, so you only have a few gadgets, but they are good. Q-helicopter is remote-controlled helicopter that can self-destruct and explore Bond area can not reach, such as Q-Spider «EON», only better. Classical laser clocks are useful not only for indoors, but dispatching enemies, if you do not have other weapons available. Sonic cufflinks and serum gun most fun to play around with, but you have to experience them for yourself. In addition to gadgets, you can go to Bond dress in several retro costumes, found during the game, including a gray suit from the movie, the standard black tuxedo, retro hidden costume, and that classic white tuxedo, all of which look just like they did, when sir Sean wore them in the movie. If you go to the game, you go straight Aston Martin DB5 from "Goldfinger". It can not become invisible, but it has a gadget to pop tires, like in the movie. And if you do not fly through the streets of Istanbul in the car "Goldinger", you can fly through the air in the "Lightning" miracle. <br /> <br /> Then there are a few players. Of course, it should be compared to «GoldenEye» Game standard, and it crashes. In addition, you can only play the villains of Bond, but not Bond himself or other heroes of the game. But multiplayer fun and a decent bonus, as the single-player campaign awesomeness alone makes the game worth playing. The main game has other drawbacks. Some of the most exciting moments of the film, in particular the Roma camp bullet, Bond fights with Red Grant on the Orient Express, and clashes between Bond and the blade shoe Rosa Klebb, in which justice is not done in a playful way. A quick game to play, even on the hardest difficulty. But in general, this game is the best experience of James Bond so far.
