I do not advocate a particular film genre. I classify films only as an industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film director Jamie Blanks, after Urban Legends. In contrast to the Urban Legends script and the storyline is very weak. However, again in contrast to Urban Legends basic elements of the film are so wicked and sign, and this is what makes the best Valentin. <br /> <br /> As the first core and iconic elements, which hatred serial killer so down to the ground. With his high school years, he rose from his wounds, accumulated in his heart against his classmate friends who mocked him. If you have enough to concentrate on this first element while watching a movie, you have come to see this view of humanism: "Nun is completely good or evil, in fact, someone known as evil can be secretly kind .." Just because the story line and direction is very weak, we are not so happy with how we've earned. <br /> <br /> The second graphic element, of course, a great community of super starlets late 90s: My favorite Jessica Coffey, who was killed in a cool way to be killed. An arrow shot from a bow pulling her stomach and remains stuck in, while she plays hide and seek with her blind date, never been able to met. Katherine Heigl is the first to be killed in sturgeon biology lab, trying to hide under the model of the human body, which lies on the operating table operation. Denise Richards was killed by a third, while it is just a gift for Valentine's Day for her in the jacuzzi. Capshaw killed last in trust and invisible way, it is slander to be a serial killer. Marley Shelton is the unlucky one of the vicissitudes of life, that she was going to kill the hidden way that we never know, because the film comes to an end before it gets killed. Finally, Benita Ha is a lucky one, since it was not a classmate of a serial killer, David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and final visual element of the soundtrack from the blind date labyrinth scene Valentine's Day celebration in the house scene, Dorothy and ultimately murder theme. Everyone loved the soundtrack, as far as I know. Hard Rock ever better suited to the serial killer mystery movie.
