I will not try to speculate as to what is trying to Brando. At best, he is in such wonderful performances, alluding to so many things at once, it's not like he does not do so much as play the same instincts. Often it seems that he is paying attention to a few privileged aspect of his nature over all the others, at a concentration which, if followed, it turns out that something like a red herring, as it is thinner, smarter, than at first glance. This mastery of artificiality, Sun naturalism, as this may be due to the method. The role of Sky Masterson, like Mankiewicz so well understood, it seems, especially for him, which must begin with an odd and odd at the end, because it's all Brando did, he was able to grace can be all his own, but over the mercy, the no less - again, strange coming from an actor with limited musical abilities, never before or after, associated with the musical comedy. Gene Simmons, is also surprisingly dropped, not so impressive, but, of course, just above adequate, really stunning sequence in Havana, and never less than enjoyable throughout. <br /> <br /> And yet ... perhaps because the actors and so focused on what they are doing, and what characters they are going from one another, does not seem to be lovers "chemistry" raised so hard a few times. each other well enough Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / sister Sarah, respectively, feed, but I, for one, no longer see farther. The film is outrightly dazzling and entertaining (and almost all of it, craft-wise, is just that - a dazzling) that the lack of it will seem somewhat discreetly and easily overlooked, but it is so much dependent on the chemistry of this! , At least partial, conversion of characters by a chemistry should be positive that the transition to the final stage. As it is, one leaves the film, of course, pleased, but really did not move, except for the fact so as to negate the reliability of the union. Note sister Sarah is getting married to her missionary shape, Sky Masterson in his own neat man-about-town of Bulgaria, not a wedding tuxedo. And they changed back to the previous scene of them! <br /> <br /> Oddly enough (ie, perceptive), the most touching and the most serious, the scene, I think, between Brando and Vivian Blaine, and Sinatra / doll Nathan Detroit, Adelaide, the only scene where these two exceptionally together, not least because there is simply no hint of flirtation between them, even if it takes place in a toilet Adelaide while Adelaide change. Although one can imagine is not the place for this, Sky is really the type to "check" Adelaide stuff like circumstances. He was even there to say Adelaide Nathan would not meet her escape. Adelaide and Sky are both true in its relation to Nathan, even feel sorry for him, as demonstrated through tons of exchange. Adelaide, of course, also frustration and disappointment, but her anger softened her a greater sense of Nathan and Sky convincing her that she can not love a man, and then wish him to someone else. <br /> <br /> Guys and Dolls is another twist in the battle of the sexes, around the theme of gambling and salvation. Since compulsive gambler and salvation seeking more or less unconsciously courting despair, there may simply be a dark secret intentions of Brando and the absence of Simmons chemistry. In the end, the absence may well indicate an excess narcissistic absorption (reflects pairing Sinatra / Blaine, although with much less involved in self-deception), which could explain the surprising and provocative interpretation of Brando and Simmons Sky Masterson and sister Sarah. I understand that Simmons can basically show coldness and skepticism, but Brando, even play to confront her, but not exactly warm and ready, and it's more than keep a distance - he also assimilate it, maintaining balance through it. His courage is just playing against her - a trip to Cuba, kiss, whatever it takes - but it is not really set on victory after seducing her so much, then beating her in her own field. It can be insightful, how to play the diligence may be the only way to get to the missionary, and to the end. But it makes the transition from the Sky is just trying to win a bet really wants Sarah Brown a little less than convincing. But why does he want it? What it means to fall in love Sky? I believe that the only way to get around is, indeed, taking his humanity kicked in, and he does not want to end up a simple cad to Sarah's sister, so that he does as he had promised her to be delivered sinners its prayer meeting do it well "marker", as he put it, as a way to win her back, when it seems that he had won only to lose it. But this still means self-concern more than anything. However, it also allows you to own your own concern of Sarah Brown, as the sky will soothe missionary to her to get back lover. Neither, at least, it does not seem to change from their union, except, perhaps, in making another. Nevertheless, it would seem, all but fatally challenging proposal: the adoption is still quite a cry from achieving happiness in others, not to mention the transcendence of every one of them seems to have meant by "chemistry". And behind all this, I suspect, know full Mankiewicz. <br /> <br /> For those who would say, in defense of Guys and Dolls, however, that not much can be expected from musicals by depth, I need only remind them of Cabaret, a penny Opera, Carousel, A Star Is Born , even the sound of music that I do not care anymore (and you can continue to add to this list, not even reaching forward to the post-Cabaret musicals), all wrap gorgeous music and dance around the pernicious anxiety.
