It would be easy to call Guys and Dolls are great. He's got Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, in contrast to the original wishes of Sinatra, foundry work), that is a really cool 1950s feel, even if it is mainly taken from the stage to the screen with just a little interruption. And most of the songs are often very fun and catchy, and played with it a wink and a nod to the wonderful escapism, peculiar to the form itself. If this is not quite as great as some other of its kind, it should be no guilt Mankiewicz directed. Not all the songs, press and little dialogue feels like it is done on the stage, in contrast to the cinema (it is difficult to say at times- Brando and Sinatra straddle the line so often that one must watch carefully to say, when one plays for the camera or "stage", while actress plays Adele better stage than the screen). <br /> <br /> the story is one of those winners who will work well for your time, even if one wonders if its impact extends to such one thousand nine hundred ninety-nine's it all (well, not quite, but close) . Gambler (and 14-year-old is predetermined), playing Sinatra, want to spend a great time playing, but said that the "heat on", which means that the police at his watch. Thus, he has no choice but to spend the game, with the tongue thousands of dollars. The only way he can get it through a great time with fellow gamblers bet Brando, who wore make wild courtship mission work of the employee. This enables predictable turns in the story, in a sudden turn-on circuit charms of nature with the idiosyncrasies of the people from the streets (gangsters and dancers and «saitn» played by Jean Simmons, which provides for Brando). This, in its basic concept, in all this world guys and dolls, and how to balance one or otherwise obviously does not marry or too compromised. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to the part, even with the still camera to the subject, and its stars are wound in the right. Hell, even Brando works fine for a musical, it goes beyond just be a method actor and shows his chops for singing and a great quality of a star, the story and characters ultimately comes down to what you'd hope to be, and that's fine. All we ask for- and what we Get- entertainment in good spurts witty, involving dialogue, as well as a few songs and dances that bring the house down (my favorite was a room with a lady-cat in the club's success and will be a lady two rooms down in Havana, Cuba). A-
