A group of women model caliber of San Francisco, who have been friends since elementary school suddenly threatened and attacked by someone sending their eccentric Valentine's Day cards. Who the killer is and why the killer after them? <br /> <br /> My rating will change frequently during subsequent viewings of the film - sometimes a little bit up, sometimes down a bit. Nevertheless, I can not think of another film where my ranking has changed as dramatically as it has for Valentine's Day. The first time I watched it in his box office, I thought it was pretty scary - I gave it a 4 out of 10, equivalent to «F» class letters. Watching it for the second time last night, I can not remember what the hell I did not like about it. I can only assume that perhaps I was really in the mood to watch it, or maybe I just do not understand. In any case, I loved it this time, giving it a 9 out of 10, or "A". <br /> <br /> This may seem ridiculous to say that I did not get a film like this, but there is something to gain. Valentine almost a comedy / horror. Director Jamie gap, which was also responsible for 1998 Urban Legend, take stereotyped formula of teen horror that has become so popular in the late 1990s in connection Creek (1996) and ejects most of the elements in the notch, making Valentin intentionally cheese / mannered almost to the point of absurdity (which is a positive absurdist stylistic period). In addition, it gives us a film imbued with humorous commentary on romantic relationships. Humor is unusual in that it has the same exaggerated mannered tones as aspects of teen horror. Most of the situations in the film, as well as the methods of work of the villain, humorous or not, linked to the theme of Valentine's Day. <br /> <br /> Many viewers will likely subtract points from the movie for its various clichés -rooted but implausible script and story development. However, in the light of the above, the film deliberately cliched, improbable and laughable. It is as if Gaps trying (and largely successful) to go beyond the typical teen slasher taunting / replacement of the conventions of the genre, as well as satirical eros. This attraction to the irony founding horror film Valentine's Day. This discrepancy, which skillfully woven throughout the film, and is itself in the heart of the slasher genre, making it a prime food for extravagant lampooning Valentine. Creek had the same goal with its horror of the material, but the turn was that the film was "self-awareness". Valentine's Day intentionally self; the viewer has to rely on contextual clues for satire. Not to some people think that I am "too much importance" in the film, it is worth noting that the gap said in an interview that he "did not want to just do one more after slasher Urban Legend» and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted do something "steel". <br /> <br /> Other viewers may not like the fact that Valentine's Day is so different from its intended starting material in the novel of the same name by Tom Savage. Novel characters, setting and plot are very different from the film. Sellers said: "Although it was a great book, I do not think it was the right story for the film" Therefore, instead of the novel, which is much drier and more serious tone, was used as a launching pad, the motive for creation. variations in the history of horror / thriller centered in the Valentine's Day. Although these facts will not help the purists who are familiar with the book, like a movie, it's useful to understand why the film has a divergent story and relationship. it's probably better to look at a movie like an independent entity with a similar theme. <br /> <br /> Gaps Kiruna to flawlessly visually. Valentine's Day has a magnificent view everywhere, complex, deep colors, interesting sets and good staging. Spaces are excellent to maintain its villain and attack scenes are not too dark, with clearly conveyed the action. He also directs the actor with aplomb, catalyzes often slyly humorous performances. David Boreanaz as Adam Carr, are involved in many of the funniest moments. <br /> <br /> while Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, it is a very good movie horror / thriller film, which, it seems highly and prone to misunderstanding. When you see that something more mocking you can find yourself appreciating it a lot more.
