This is Frank Loesser masterpiece funny texts, the competent and robust design from those adapted Damon Runyon material to "book" musicals. What is surprising about the film, it is easy to musical numbers flow from the storyline. Abe Burrows made a book Lesser contributions; Michael Kidd was choreographer and outstanding art direction was made by Joseph Wright. The plot can be said in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, need money to finance their permanent floating crap game with to entertain a large Julie, Chicago Mob Boss. He puts the odds-player Sky Masterson, well represented Marlon Brando, he can not get a girl to the Salvation Army to go to Havana with him; Masterson wins the bid to save the mission, falls in love with a girl gets a gambler and a scumbag shit game to attend services, and tells all, the lady was immune to his charms - a complete lie. Of course, he ends up with a lady; and Detroit marries hi-suffering bride, Vivian Blaine. Others in the cast include Stubby Kaye, John Silver, Robert Keith, BS Bullets as Big Julie mafia, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as the leader of The Salvation Army, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as a tasteless Salvation Army girl, Sarah Brown. Famous musical numbers in this award Broadway smashes include "Fugue for Tinhorns», «Man and the doll", "Success to be a lady", "I know", "A man can cold" and "oldest Permnanet Floating Crap Game in New York! ". Mankiewicz with "Cleopatra" and "Letter to three mischievous" Fame the proceeding was directed; and the flow of work is very interesting and has successfully continued to move. It is equally good to get a great dialogue acting and directing such a huge amount as «Luck Be Lady», diverse and complex section of the fight, Havana "Woman in Love" section is created for the film that precedes it, the ceremony of awarding the title song of "Guys and Dolls" and «Pet Me, Papp" installed at the club, where he works Blaine. Action is very uneven. Simmons seems wrong for the part at times, Brando finished with singing and very well most of the time on instinct, charm and downplay, even in a comedy. scene. Sinatra tries his best, but not the role for several reasons, like Nathan Detroit; Blaine bit too theatrical in its sales numbers, which of course she sings professionally. Leonard, tui, Kaye, Keith and bullet do what we ask and more at all points. Stylized opening and closing done good work; in general, the film triumph gentle and subtle lyrics Lesser, director of Mankiewicz as a playpen, and for most of the genre of musicals, so ably justified in this case. Gorgeous and very different.
