This musical was not quite what I expected, the first to be there was not a lot of scenes between Brando and Sinatra. As it was based on the story of Damon Runyon, I expected, irony and surprise with which was a very good friend - when we find that the gang used Sinatra Salvation Army office for crap games while Brando was in Havana with Simmons. Unless of course it comes at the right time and when Brando brings it back. I really was not expecting much from Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. He was not great, but he was very good in this role. Its number in the sewer, however, with the other boys, Sinatra was the only place where I felt Brando's voice was weak. He just does not have the power to demand more climax. In general, I found that scene between Brando and Simmons to be filled with electricity, I do not think that will happen when we Simmons first see itself, and then, when we presented the Brando restaurant with Sinatra trying to pull a fast one on it. It was not until then, Brando does not go to his office, the story came to life. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, I have never heard of, but who I think played the role on Broadway, just seemed to slow down production. The scenes between her and Sinatra were evident. In addition, her songs feel weak to me, both in terms of promotion of history or nature. In addition, all rooms Goldwyn Girls appeared in the shoe horned, but there gloss. For example, if Frank meets with Brando in the night club, we just cut back on the stage for the usual number of cats - the trims to the children, who continue as if there was no dance number at all. Every time Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I had a great time, but every time we go back to the history of the Sinatra-Blaine, my level of interest waned. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, there were some good, especially the very first issue with Stubby Kaye, a fugue for the number Tinhorns (Can Do!). It's a great song and it reminded me of the very first songs in the Music Man - cash for the goods ... all that is called. And in by sewage - I could not help but recall the «Cool» from West Side Story - which brings me to the point. I really do not like the direction of art in this film. Fake Times Square was just so out of tune that attracts attention. The same goes for the Havana sequence, and especially in the sewer. I understand that in 1955 most of the musicals were shot on sets, but things are changing - Carousel, for example, has made great use of photography locations. Even the city scene shot in Mahattan in 1949. By the time we get to West Side Story in 1961, it is granted that the things that happen in Manhattan had to be actually shot in Manhattan. So, in comparison, Guys and Dolls set binding Manhattan felt dated and more than a little too cute. And Linda changes to Mindy - they really need to do so for legal reasons? Now, I always thought that the guys and Dolls was a musical about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with different girls. It was far more attention than that which is his credit. In this regard, it is much better than Les Girls, which was interesting in its own right, but it had a certain superficiality to it. <br /> <br /> May, one major complaint about Guys and Dolls, and I do not know if this is endemic of the original stage show, but when Gene Simmons understands that Brando never took any money on the bet he made with Sinatra and even he said that he had lost a bet, it just runs off to find him and cut the wedding. I think the scene between Brando and Simmons would add to the effects of history. To see Brando came around as it came to a big stage was around him. There is a scene in The Music Man (spoilers GO), when Harold and Marion have the duo, while he waits for her to change. She's upstairs in his home, he is on the sidewalk. He sings 76 trombones. She sings Goodnight My Someone. They suddenly switch and sing songs to each other - a great way to pass his own cross to each other. It's the emotional high point of the film. However, Guys and Dolls have been a lot going for it.
