I'm intrigued by a strong sense of good before (or sympathy for!) Sinatra in other reviews here. I read elsewhere that Sinatra never seem to forgive someone for * nya * being cast as Sky Masterson. <br /> <br /> So who would not want to be cast as Sky Masterson? ?? It is a big part: a successful charismatic player who makes a serious mistake when he allows himself to be deceived by a pledge in which he has to take the Salvation Army Sargeant Sarah Brown today in Cuba, or lose. It's not the money ?? It's an honor, but he and she met his match. Especially while Nathan Detroit has to juggle his long-suffering Adelaide bride trying to find a place to play dice games, which will make him rich if he did not push his bride forever first. <br /> <br /> The film began life as a series of short stories of Damon Runyon: it is his unique dialogue that you hear, and it is the great names of the characters, and that its equestrian / night / late night gaming world. Then he became a musical, and you can not help but feel that the film form, he never left the stage. Camera unusually static and sets perfectly ?? and not nice ?? flat and childish. Fortunately, the music is so great, I do not care that much. <br /> <br /> My favorite thing about this film, though, singing and acting of the two non-singers, Brando (like the sky) and Gene Simmons (as Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, putting on the singers in these roles would produce the best music; but that, of course, forget that two such great actors bring something else to the party instead of that what they lacked in vocal they are more than compensated for in the appetite, acting ability, and pathos, pathos, pathos. You are from heaven, as he argues with Sarah against reason, poise, pipes and safety. You enjoy Sarah freely under the influence of the Cuban "milk". You feel full of surprise and passion of the scene in the courtyard of a call and an hour before the plane takes them home. As the sky rightly says that it is "chemistry". On singers ?? whether they are smooth or Broadway belters ?? pop singers do not necessarily rely on to make it happen. (And of course, they were not). I read somewhere that Brando Sinatra criticized for not putting himself all in his role as Nathan Detroit. Sinatra, in its turn, was furious four double-acting by Brando. As a supporter of Brando (it shows!) I have to take the other side, but I can not imagine what this movie would have been a much-loved classic it is today, when Brando and Simmons were in this with their excellent chemistry; unpredictability Brando; Simmons' face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and embarrassing in a Cuban bar. Beautiful. I'll always want a copy of the film lying around in case I need to feel good again. You will forgive me, if you give some of Nathan (sleep) often say 100% the brush-off, though, is not it? You will not? Oh, shut up, and there is still a bit of cheesecake Mindy!
