I remember watching the Disney version and watch it now it makes me think that somehow lost its magical connection. Many other renditions, acquire put aside, Cinderella, which, in fact, have lost touch over the years. Then I found this product with flawless execution Kathleen Turner as the wicked stepmother and deflates phantasmagoric essence of this fantasy story, which threw me under his spell with his childhood. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl who's father died, and was dominated by his angry stepmother and stepdaughter and Longitudes to go to the ball for one last chance at freedom. But the storyline takes a different twist on the classic fairy tale, Cinderella calling (whose real name Zizola, and only called Cinderella by her family because of her slavery), to be trapped in a situation of her father (who still lives) slowly losing itself the dominant wife, who manipulates him into a pet with his wife and daughters against their receiving and trying to poison him. Thus, Zizola goes to rescue his father, stepmother stopped by the host of the second suitor at the ball, distracting the people who come to her side. There, bored Prince Valiant has a change of heart from his boring life and falls in love with a mysterious lady in a wonderful dress (forged a water nymph named Mab) with rose petals for slippers. <br /> <br /> What attracted me to this film the most was an original take on the old fairy tale that no one can match. He does not spin a web of lies, like most of the stories of Cinderella, it does not ignore any reason why Cinderella would like to take part in the swords and also shows a partial side of the prince, as a variant of the Disney did. Instead, it shows a more disinterested Cinderella's heart more than any other product, and the work is just amazing! Costumes are all beautifully done, especially Blue Sapphire Ballgown Zizola, to match the fantastic beauty Marcella Plunkett and soft in spirit, like a voice. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this film to anyone who is interested in the sequence of the fabulous classic tale with an interesting twist. My only problem is that the producers and director did not do a full set of other fairy tales with the same element, and the fact that the film is now out of print.
