The first step to getting on that road that leads to nowhere recognizes that you're at it first; then it becomes a matter to be assertive and to take positive measures to overcome the negative influences in your life that might put you on the road to begin with. Which is exactly what young Latino girl does in `Girlfight» written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diane (Michelle Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old high school students from projects in Brooklyn, facing expulsion after the fourth battle in the halls since the beginning of the semester. It affects the `any 'attitude, which masks the deep anger that threatens to take her to places she did not go sooner. She lives with her father, Sandra (Paul Calderon), with whom she has a very rough attitude, and her younger brother, Little (Ray Santiago). With her life on the verge of collapse, it is in desperate need of an outlet through which to send the demons plaguing her. And once she finds him, not even looking at her when she stops at the gym, where the tiny train. Ironically, Little does not want anything to do with boxing; he wants to go to art school, but Sandra has decided that his son should be able to fend for themselves on the streets, and pay ten dollars a week, he stands up for his lessons. If Diana convinces coach Mystery, Hector (of Jaime Tirelli), to take her and approaching her father for the money, under the guise of calling it a weekly allowance (she did not want him to know that she wants money), Sandra turns her down and tells her to go out and earn money. Eventually, with the help of secret she finds a way, and the ring soon became her second home. This is an environment in which it is easy to adapt, and it seems that her life is about to turn for the better. And the fact that she would have to fight men, not women, gender-blind 'competition', did not bother her in the slightest degree. Diana found her element. <br /> <br /> First time writer / director Karyn Kusama has done a great job of creating a realistic setting for his stories, presenting an honest portrait of life in the projects and to convey that despair so familiar to so many young people who find themselves in a deadlock and on this road to nowhere. And no candy coating on it, either; and Hector says Diana, when she asked him how he came to be where he is, 'I was a soldier once. I lost. ' Then, looking around the bustling gym, `Like most of these guys, they're going to lose, too. But that's all they know -. "I is that honesty attitude, and the way in which the symbols are displayed, what makes this film so good as it is this dark world, highlights the half-dark, seedy gym-- you enough smell the sweat from boxers-- and that sense of desolation that hangs over all this like a curtain, a cover that people who are grasping and hanging on one and the only thing they have, all they know. <br /> < br /> debuting screen, Michelle Rodriguez perfectly discarded as Diana, infusing it with the depth and brooding intensity, which is pretty radiating off her in waves It is so real that it makes you wonder how much of this really Rodríguez;. it is where the actor to move away from and start character Whatever, it works It is a powerful, memorable performance, the actor?. from which we will wait for another effort with great anticipation. it certainly makes Diana a positive role model in whom many, we hope to find inspiration and understanding that there are alternative ways available in life, at least for those who will seek them out. <br /> <br /> As a positive, the film, however, it ends up on something controversial note; Although Diana obviously has his feet on the ground, there is no indication of where it is headed. Whether it is a short term fix it, or it is intended to be a female counterpart Hector? In the end, the real (and in light of the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this film), professional boxing is not really a profession that lends itself to, and opens it arms for women. And in keeping with the film's subject, approach and filmmaker, approval assertiveness Diana results would be appropriate. <br /> <br /> supporting cast includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Although this provides a very realistic picture of life to which many will be able to determine, there are certain aspects of the `Girlfight," that stretch a little trust in respect of some of what is happening in the ring. That aside, this is a positive film, which for the most part is a satisfactory experience. I rate this one 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
