Imagine the scene: mountainous alien landscape. Two moons illuminate a blood red sky. The TARDIS lands, and of the steps Dr., middle-aged man in a Victorian frock coat, and Rosa, his companion from the Earth. glimmer of recognition crossed his face. "Well, I never! His planet Saurious-7. Where I fought militant Kraggartians. They tried to use the giant Skinkons take over the planet. ". She sniffs the air. "We can not go, doctor. I do not like the look of this place. I continue to think that we have seen. ". Dr. wags a disapproving finger. "Do not be a fool, girl. Interestingly, when the King and Queen City Cordaraby remember me from my last visit. Come on, Rose, let's go! ". He walks away, she struggles to keep up. High on a hill, a sinister red eyes regarded them with hate ... <br /> <br /> It was not like "Rose" began in 2005, and thank God for it say I. Unfairly lampooned at the time of the original UK broadcast, «Rose» can now be safely regarded as a landmark episode, putting ago «Dr.Who», where he belonged, as one of the BBC's flagship programs. Mistakes made McGann TV Movie well learned. Instead of trying to cram the new "Who in the existing chronology, it is a new start for the series, starting with the shop girl Rose Tyler (Billie Piper) going about their daily lives. One day, she goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then starts the trouble. The mannequins come to life and attack her. Only through the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston), that it will be retained. <br /> <br /> The story is small, although it may be more than adequate as a starting point for this series. The Autons, of course, the old zlyd Shade (this was their first appearance since 1971), but no reference is made to their past performances - another wise move effectively recreated the famous final scene in «Spearhead from Space", if the shop window mannequins come to life As a doctor, Christopher.. Eccleston missed eccentricity of his predecessors, preferring modern leather jacket in traditional dress Doctors period, but it made it more accessible to a new audience the long-awaited show. Billie Piper confounded its critics by making a big impression as the «Rose». well as was Noel Clarke as her boyfriend "Mickey» <br /> <br /> Yes, there has been added emphasis on special effects, but then you have to be. - wobbly sets and unconvincing monsters of the past have no place on television of the 21st century. More importantly, how well this scenario. Ten million people tuned in to see the new doctor <br /> <br /> «Dr.Who» returned. - and back with a bang!
