As an essential part of British popular culture, like Monty Python and James Bond, Doctor Who has been a hit for 26 years (1963-1989), making it one of the oldest television show in the world (most series are fortunate to have ten seasons). Plans to reboot the series has always been on the agenda of the Air Force, and then were wrong (not to mention the Americanized) telefilm production Fox failed to capture the magic of the original version, a further nine years (Comic Relief parody and animated mini-series though) had a final Lord of the times may return correctly, affectionately known writer Russell T. Davies <br /> <br /> Davis shine in the reintroduction of the character lies in their decision to do so through the eyes of an outsider .: rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a London-based girl who po se a very normal life, until one night she was attacked by creatures made of fresh plastic. She saves the elusive stranger who introduces himself simply as Doctor (Christopher Eccleston), and then disappears after quipping: «! Nice to meet you, Rose Run for your life. " As it becomes more and more curious about this "man", she soon finds herself in a whole new world: aliens, invasion, travel through time and space, and, of course, the ubiquitous police box TARDIS <br /> <. br /> the first 45 minutes of the new Doctor Who is almost perfect (special effects could use a little more polish), because Davis nails two things: the unique humor of the show and the two main characters. the most endearing feature of the original series was its combination of exciting science fiction and pure British comedy hybrid, which is difficult, if not impossible, to export. Here laugh all related conversations between Rose and the Doctor, who come off as completely rounded characters after one episode. Okay, so technically doctor Eccleston is the ninth use this name, but it moves away from the previous eight incarnations, speaking with the Northern accent (the one he uses on a daily basis) and justify it with a stunning line: "Many planets have a north! ". <br /> <br /> The real triumph of this episode, however, Piper performance: in theory, Rose in her late teens, so almost as much as thousands of young viewers who have never heard the doctor sooner. Her portrayal of an ordinary girl lost in a new and exciting universe, is a new generation of reaction to the return of the TV icon, and chemistry that instantly forms between it and Eccleston sign that shows a new doctor who is as good as. old friend <br /> <br /> first, fifth, ninth, it does not matter: there may have been others before Eccleston (Piper and, for that matter), but once he, William Hartnell, Peter Davidson and the rest of the bunch is a single character, one so good he did not even need a name: he's a doctor.
