With the sun shining brilliantly on a quiet Monday, which is only going to fully wake up, love can be felt in the balmy breezes, rushing past my feet, and can be seen in the smiles of the people I walk around. This is the perfect day to stop for croissants and coffee on-Lait, before heading to the city of lights and love. Of course, the flight to Paris is not reasonable in the budget of this modest film critic, so I had to opt for the next best thing, Paris, Je t'aime, a collection of 18 short films of various international directors. Each piece is named after a different area of ​​Paris and is a reflection of love. In an effort to not more than glorify the most powerful and persuasive of all human emotions, Paris, Je t'aime explores love at many stages of their own game. Results spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And really, what better way to express the fleeting nature of love and how time can change your life than with a collection of captured moments. <br /> <br /> Nicely poetry above citation is taken from a Tykwer Faubourg Saint-Denis. True to form, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses the filming and repetition to demonstrate the love of the whole cycle, from start to dissolve. Originally filmed in 2004 and the pair down for this anthology, Faubourg is Natalie Portman stars as Francine, is an American actress in Paris for participation in the film, and Melchior Beslon, Thomas, a blind man, whom she falls in love. Here, the blind leading the blind through the most unstable area, where two people consume one each to the point where their lives are almost losing their own existence. Like love, it seems, comes from the dazzling dizzying, Tykwer reminds us about the tricks he can play on our minds and the illusions it may create, if we deviate in the direction of a doubt. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most frivolous romantic proposal comes from Sylvain Chomet in Tour Eiffel. Selection of the most identifiable attraction for the city its name, Shom (LES TRIPLETTES Belleville) gives us a little boy, which tells the story of how his parents met and fell in love. His father, mime (Paul Putner), believes that the falls in a surreal scenario after another, and finally lands himself in jail. Here he meets a woman who becomes the love of his life (Yolande Moreau). Drawing has become something of a dying art, when he died. However, by its nature, is dreamy and serene. Drawing shows his finger on a quiet absurdities of human behavior and that, but love can make people be more absurd? We could find someone special in the least likely circumstances, if we could just take themselves a little less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, Je t'aime stores stream live, not always focusing on the love between lovers. Three memorable shorts focus on the love between father and child. Salles (Motorcycle DIARIES) is Catalina Sandino Moreno sings with love for her child, before she leaves him to sing the same song from a distant sadness to her child watching her life. Nobuhiro Suwa (cf. PARFAIT UN) Juliette Binoche is desperately trying to overcome the emptiness she feels after the loss of his son. Binoche says very little else that is not surprising given its immense talent, her struggle is manifested in her face when she learns that love means sometimes to let go. And Cuaron (Children MEN) weighs one continuous shot his father (Nick Nolte) and adult daughter (Sara Martins), walk together for what should be the first time in a long time. We see them just across the street and we are just next to them, as the distance between two characters narrows down to a place of comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The last short to 14ieme Arrondissement screen Alexander Payne. As usual, Payne (aside) takes an ordinary person, and shows us that makes them extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She's alone, and in less time than it would like, as it is a dog waiting for her at home. It is a simple man with an uncomplicated life, who finds himself in a city that is rich and lush. The beautifully delivered Americanized French, she talks about what to see and how to be there makes her feel. This woman spends so much time trying to be happy, despite the many disappointments in life and how it sits in the city made for lovers, she realizes that she is really happy and loves herself more than she knew. She falls in love, whenever possible, the moment with life and love yourself. <br /> <br /> characters that appear, but fleetingly in Paris, Je t'aime appear in the romantic center of the universe. Moments they share with each other, whether it's helping someone up after a hard fall or extending a hand to another person, without touching them or without their knowledge, moments that give the love of your flash and flourish. Outside the city of lovers, it can be easy to miss moments like these, but we need to remind ourselves of its importance. It takes time but for love to shine through the cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. And if the city can be so much in love, I think, that it can find its way one day to your door.
