Paris, Je t'aime this amazing cinematic tribute to the city of light and the city of love, the film is so complex that it is almost impossible to compile and review. Ask the large group of people, their experience of life in Paris, and the result will be something similar to this film. Linked together each of the sectors or neighborhoods of the city, the film explores love in all forms, the native people in their Parisian fashions, and leisure, interacting with the big city. About twenty writers and directors, each of which is about five minutes of screen time, include Assayas, the Coen brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Coixet, Wes Craven, Cuaron, Gerard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant, among other less well known. Stories range from hilarious to humorous to touching, to the tragic, to the banal, to participate in the auction. <br /> <br /> In one story, a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted to the young lithographs (Elias McConnell), pouring out his heart in French to the guy who speaks only in English. In another separated spouse (Gene Rowlands and Gazzara) are found in the Latin Quarter, to complete the divorce proceedings, and the other pair in the Pere Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) approach marriage without regard to the spirit of the departed Oscar Wilde intervene. Steve Bush at the Tuileries opposes superstition in the subway with his bag travel collections in the Bastille Sergio Kastellitto (in love with his mistress Leonor Watling) is ready to divorce his wife, Miranda Richardson, until she confessed she has terminal leukemia, Juliette Binouche confronts the agony of her fantasy son and the loss in the Plaza de Victoire by a mythical cowboy Willem Dafoe, Sarah Martin and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier a keen story of mistaken ideas in the Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins "play" strange relationship in Pigalle, Melchior Beslon plays a young blind with actress Natalie Portman in the way seen in the Faubourg Saint-Denis, vampire love between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in the Quartier-de-la-Madeleine, Maggie Zhillenhol is an ex-patriot actress bitten on drugs in the Quartier de Enfants Rouges and Margo Martindale is a visiting tourist postman desperately trying to speak French, she studied during her lifetime trip to gently cheerful 14ème Arrondissement. <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of the film trying to tie together as many of the stories, as it is practically possible, but it works only on the surface level. The film is long and there is no bridge between a lot of history, a factor which can tire the audience due to the lack of time to assimilate all the action. But in the end, detailed tribute to the big city and gives the viewer with lots of vignettes revisit the album at that time in Paris. This film is worth seeing several times! grady Harp
