I took a 19-year-old daughter with me to see this interesting exercise in making the film. I always find it intriguing to get the views and opinions of another generation in the movie, especially since I am a cynic myself. It's good to get unjaded opinion from someone who has not yet reached the "been there, done it" approach to every movie she saw. I am pleased to say that we really enjoyed it and thought he was a successful mother / daughter evening with. Far, far better than going to see some brain dead "chick flick" I understand that we have to enjoy, in accordance with the demographics? <br /> <br /> Eighteen Directors was asked to prepare a short piece of each of the districts of Paris, the city I have not visited in 20 years. But I would like. They are poorly connected by joining frames, and represent different approaches to love in the city is considered in popular culture as the quintessence of the romantic capital of the world. Some of the films work better than others, but, as other reviewers have said that never falls too far into kitsch. Some are funny, some sad, some intriguing, and some are simply confused (I'm still trying to see some deep inner truth "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon" barbershop.) Some of them are just plain fun, and perhaps should not have to pay too much value (a vampire and tourists, for example.) Perhaps my only criticism of the film, is that it makes Paris look too good. It can also be cold, wet and foggy, indifferent and miserable, or, in the summer was hot and packed so many tourists that you feel like sardines in a queue for hours to see all the sights. But I'm nit picking. <br /> <br /> My personal favorite by far was the Coen brothers film, made at the metro station Tuileries, and starring Steve Buscemi throw quite unclear how the tourist who unwittingly finds himself embroiled in a dispute lovers. Absolutely perfect, and very, very funny, without Bushogo to say a word. I also perversely enjoyed the part about the two memes, which was probably the closest the film has to be cutesy - is, of course, was on the verge of kitsch, but it just stayed on the right side. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer receives a presentation from the meeting with the tomb of Oscar Wilde left me rather indifferent, and Juliette Binoche attempts to cope with the death of his young son made me very, very uncomfortable. I thought Bob Hoskins / Ardan piece, and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands fell a bit flat, but Maggie Zhillenhol was good (ie it has monopolized the market in addicts? I looked Malyshok Gray last week.) <br /> <br /> but I felt like two "social justice" of the (for lack of a better way to put it), worked very well. By this I mean, first of all, a film about a young mother to leave her child in the day care to go and look after someone else's child through the city. And then a film about the African migrants, with all forces exist on the margins of an indifferent society, who stabbed and dies on the street in front of the young, a new paramedic. Another murder statistics in the world, which sees thousands of migrants who die in the struggle to achieve what they see as a better life, every year. I think that both sides are very well observed. <br /> <br /> In the last movie, the 14th arrondissement, in which Martindale plays a postal worker from Colorado, which tells the story of his first trip to Paris ?? very badly accented French ?? her French class school at night, touched me. Perfect end to a good, intriguing, if not very big movie. <br /> <br /> Paris Je t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it works very well.
