... Paris is a moveable feast "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is not possible to calculate how much more talent immortalized Paris in painting, novels, songs, poems, short but memorable quotes, yes. - movies. famous director Max Ophüls said about Paris, <br /> <br /> "He suggested that the shining wet Boulevard under the lights, Breakfast in Montmartre with cognac in your glass, coffee and warm muffin, Alphonse and prostitutes during the night. Everyone has the world two :. His own fatherland and Paris »<br /> <br /> Paris has always been associated with love and romance, and" Paris, I love you, "which is subtitled" Petite romance "is a collection of short films, often sketches 18 talented filmmakers from around the world. each of them we have become familiar with one of the city's 20 light ra new and with Parisians of all ages, gender, color, and background that all the matter of love in its many variations, and some of the stages in the "miniature romances" we are witnessing a strange unexpected encounters that lead to an immediate interest, intimacy, and, possible relations:. for Podalydès and Florence Muller Montmartre on the street in the first film or Deskur and Leila Becht as a white boy and a Muslim girl, a cross-cultural romance directed by Gurinder Chadha begins Quais of the Seine. I would include in this category of humorous short film Gus Van Sant. in «Le Marais» one boy ro URS his heart to another boy confessing sudden unexpected intimacy, asking permission to call. - not realizing that the object of his interest does not understand French <br /> <br /> Some of the vignettes are bitter and even dark. In Salles and Daniela Thomas Loin du 16ème, Catalina Sandino MARENO (odd Oscar nominated debut Maria Blagodatnaya) blank, the working class mother who has to work as a nanny in the affluent district to pay for the kindergarten, where she falls every morning her baby before she goes to work. One of the most memorable and truly heartbreaking films «Place Des FETES» Oliver Schmitz. Aissa Meyga and Seydou Boro co-star as two young people, for those who like to have happened. There were promises of it, but it was interrupted because of hatred and intolerance, which are present throughout the world, and the city of Love and Light is no exception. Another one that really got to me was the "Bastille", written and directed by Koysaet, starring Sergio Kastellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto has fallen out of love with his wife, Richardson, but if he is ready to go with an excellent hostess, devastating news from the doctor his wife arrives ... <br /> <br /> I can go to talk about all of the 18 small stones. I like some of them very much. The rest felt weak and may be forgotten in the near future, but in general, I am very glad that I bought DVD, and I know that I will return to my favorite movies again and again. They «Place Des FETES», which I have mentioned, "Pere Lachaise", directed by Wes Craven, which includes the ghost of one of the witty and men ever to the best minds, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of the "Party") who would save one caring relationship. Payne also directed "14th arrondissement", in which a lone middle-aged office worker in Denver, Colorado, explores the city on its own to ensure voice in French with a strong accent. Payne's record is one of the most touching and with a cheerful "Tuileries" by Joel and Ethan Coen with (who else? :)) Steve Buschemi my absolute favorite. Both shorts, American tourists sit on benches (Margo in the park, and Steve in Paris after visiting the underground blinds) observation of life around them with different results. While Margo might say, "I have a feeling sad and light, my sadness bright ..." Steve's character to know that sometimes, even the most complete and useful tourist guide will help tourists avoid doing the wrong things in a foreign country,
