Just I saw this today at a seminar on digital projection (shot on 35 mm, and the first feature film entirely scanned into 6k mastered in 4k, and is designed with a 2k projector on ETC / USC Theater HxWxD) .. so much for tech stuff. 18 Directors (including Alexander Payne, Craven, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gérard Depardieu, among a few good French / international directors) were each given 5 minutes to make a love story. They come in all shapes and forms, with famous actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ..totally fun ... Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands ..soo good..and she actually wrote a piece in it Monsieur Depardieu and many good international actors, as well. all of the stories vary from the novel in a bizarre comedy to touching study of Alex Payne women wanting to give Van Sant, and one of those things that happens anywhere..maybe? Nothing really by affixing having spoken in French most sequences (English subtitles ) And a small amount of the actual English is spoken, although it is likely to have taken out his artistic home (a la diva.) In addition, only one piece, which can be considered as "experimental", but colorful and funny as well, the rest is just research sometimes complex relationships. All easy to stick (if the "experimental" one does not irritate your desire for formulaic stories. several raised some emotions for me ... I admit that I suffer from love in the movies .. .when she represented something else than sentiment lnastsi. I even laughed mime piece like no other I've seen (thanks for that!) The film is at its peak, for me, somewhere around a little more than half way to the end, the last two sequences resumed. Some beautiful shots of Paris at night, magnificent romantic view of music is usually used to good effect, not only Schmaltz for "emotion" in sound, as a rule, a good movie, although some of the shots seemed soft focus, when he could not keep in mind that it was (the main character in the shot / scene). Stimulation of each movie was good, and the overall structure, though a bit long (they were two of what should have been 20 films, but said that everything will be on the DVD), seemed to vary between the tones of films to keep good balance, I'm not sure when it will be released, but good research on how to make a 5 minute film work..and time that does not work (if it covers too much time and emotional, for a short film.) should be in the region one, when released, but they did not know when.
