I was lucky enough to attend the show in Stockholm for this expressed elegant, pleasant, and the food for the film thought. With romance as the heaviest weapon in its arsenal, Paris Je t'aime safely immersed in love in Paris, navigating the various forms of eighteen separate «Quartiers», but without the inflated Parisian formula and saccharin. It undoubtedly is a treasure trove of frustration on part of the director's ?? disappointment for having only 5-10 minutes of screen time ?? thus, you are presented only the best and most assured direction from each of the parties. <br /> <br /> Debating if I should see all 18 segments, I came to the conclusion that it would be simply redundant and verbose. Instead of just being sure that every director is decorated film with his eccentric style and skills, and, of course, you will find your favorite. While Gus Van Sant can not resist the temptation to be introspective, his LES MARAIS is one of the best contributions, even sneaking in a well-located Kurt Cobain links. Coen brothers to restore one of the more affordable segment in Paris, the scene with a muted, but emotionally transparent Steve Buscemi, quiet humor and clever camera angles, which, of course, generated most of the laughter in my theater, and perhaps rightly so. <br /> <br /> Thus, all exquisitely unique storylines ?? filters through the minds of the different directors ?? but one that deviates the most from the rest is by Vincenzo Natali in QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE, dark horror gothic love starring Elijah Wood as a tourist lost in the back streets of Paris at night, which meets vampire. With black-and-white format, but the color contrast of the blood-red color, which seems unnatural to push the screen, it almost becomes a pastiche of Sin City ?? refreshing and how visual turn otherwise quite reasonable film. <br /> <br /> However, my favorite single segment was FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS Tom Tykwer, but I think that was due to think so, given that I went to the theater with him as my favorite and pushed my each side saying, "finally, this is my favorite director here." Nevertheless, it is undeniable that Tykwer provides a great segment where the blind boy picks up the phone and hears from his girlfriend (Portman - this time not annoying), she breaks up with him, and it affects their relationship. As Tywker style, the story is dizzyingly rapid development, the kinetic and recurrent, screaming and showing work (Lola Rennt), making it the most adrenaline segment of Paris Je t'aime, and perhaps also the most touching time Tywker starts wielding His most powerful tool ?? Music. <br /> <br /> In order to fill a negative score, obviously, not all management directors, as touching as Tywker, Van Sant, the Coen, Koysayut and Depardieu. Sylvain Chomet scraping the bottom of the pile cutting is really a one-time segment in which a little boy tells the story of how his parents met. They are two lonely mimes. This part is so in your face and desperately Quirky French, it's offensive to international audiences. Suva also sends a poor and fluffy segment with unusually haggard Juliette Binoche, who laments the loss of his son. Nothing else happens. And, finally, wound and weaving with 18 stories, after all, feel a bit rushed and half. <br /> <br /> However, Paris Je t'aime really spoils you with quality, for all other stories -crafted well with crisp action and fun writing. This is definitely one of the highlights of 2006 (not to mention a lot, I believe) and very personal film, in the sense that it is inevitable to choose a favorite and least favorite. Highly I recommend as a channel of "pathos" (heh) audience. <br /> <br /> 8 of 10
