Robert Altman's my favorite American director. I must admit that I enjoyed the movies that are generally rejected: "Quintet", if only for giving me the pleasure of seeing a grown-up and beautiful Brigitte Fossey, who was a memorable one, as the little girl in "Forbidden Games"; "Health", for what Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all in the same cast; "Once," for this magnificent and surreal world, Shelley Duvall Olive Oyl and beautiful places in Malta; «& Stiggs commander", at his suggestion, the "anti-youth movement"; «Beyond Therapy", for all of his insanity and the presence of Genevieve Page, which for all its efforts to look Parisian chic undertakes travestite ... I even enjoyed his one-act television movies such as «The Dumb Waiter" and "laundry ". If you do not have much land to develop in his films, you have excellent performances from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Besinzher and Jane Curtin. I take and enjoy a different approach and a description he makes of the many different cultures in the United States . it is a pity that his genius is rarely price itstsa, and that he always forget when the time comes to issue American awards and honors. He's not your typical main supplier of imagination. It is more individualistic. So it's no surprise to me to find so many bad comments posted here about the "Gingerbread Man" his most "mainstream" efforts to date, and as far as I know. I did not know that so many people who thought like Maltin, who does not like Altman at all. In this case, one may not like "Gingerbread Man", but for me, the reason has more to do with Grisham than with the director-SC enarystam. Certain trademarks Altman here: improvised dialogue, great performances, funny office of lawyers with typical disrespectful receptionist and secretary. While some people find it sad, I found the first act of the fascinating, thanks also for the big cinema Changwei Gu, a man who was shooting "Red Sorghum», «Ju Dou" and "Farewell My Concubine." He has a way to show us the same things that we see in other American films, but in a different light. Through its "gaze alien", almost everything seems new and different. this first act, it was all so logical and precisely! wait you get older. you can get in trouble if you get caught under the spell of someone young and n ygozhay as Davidtz. I know for myself that I did is captured by someone who is younger than me! Then you have repellent Robert Duvall, menacing and mysterious character, while the Herald storm threatens to Savannah. The second act is getting a bit out of tune, and even funny because Altman could have spent it with a smile. I remember laughing out loud, in some cases with its ironic remarks. I think he made a little Brechtian distancing us, preparing us for the third act, which is the usual Hollywood stylization. Altman does it with experience. Being a wise man, and a clever director, fortunately, it does not fall into the trap of modern fighters. He directs a story about lust, greed and death. I was a little disappointed with the film. If I give him a nine instead of 10, it is because of Gresham. American reader turned it into a bestselling author. So why complain? Maybe we have to thank for showing us Altman stitches in his stories, dullness, flatness and stupidity of them all. Nevertheless, he does it with such gusto and humor that I can not but disagree with the negative comments. For me, these people have seen another movie ... and vice versa.
