Robert Altman does not have to make a film like this, but the fact that he did- and that he is good enough and tightly wound thriller in the tradition of paperback-Grisha thrillers- shows versatility, which is commendable. The Gingerbread Man in fact he has to work with something that, unfortunately, it is not always very successful, or at least it's not the first thing on his checklist as a director: the plot. There is one of those big, juicy almost pot boiler sections where the lawyer gets caught sneaking a desperate lower class woman, and then the shocking figure of a woman who is related to the part of their life in the mind-blowing ways, the plot turns and follows chatter. And it is amazing that Altman would really like to take on one of them: ". I have seen what goes on there," Graduation, or just a half-an ordinary thriller <br /> <br /> But it's strange that pays off because, oddly enough, Altman can catch some of it very fine behavior, or, more precisely, can inadvertently persuade him very well cast ensemble, the Georgian environment of a small town. In the film dripping with atmosphere (if not miraculous skill, sometimes it's good and sometimes just decent for Altman), as the Savannah, may be hit by a big storm and the marsh and swamp and rain to keep things soaked and stuffy and humid. Thus, the atmosphere is really powerful, but also performances with (sometimes) hysterical Kenneth Branaugh, Davidtz as a "woman" who Branaugh lawyer gets caught and Robert Downey Jr. (if * nya * right?) As a private detective in the service Branaugh in. Did I neglect Robert Duvall, which is just five minutes of screen time makes such a lasting impression to hang pictures on bad vibes? <br /> <br /> As mentioned, some of the plot is weak, or just some kind of standard (lawyer divorced, bitter custody battle looms, innocent children and Goofy), but at the same time I think that Altman saw something captivating the material is darker than some of the other works of Gregory, is standing out somehow. If this is not quite powerful, it is still working on its limited conditions, as what will happen-next-mystery-South-noir.
