Steven Spielberg wanted to win the Oscar so bad that he realized that he did not win, directing special effects epics (he was nominated for three of them, "Close Encounters of the Third Kind," "Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark" and. «ET: The Extra-Terrestrial» Thus, he decided to get very serious, directing «The Color Purple», a period movie without special effects of the first serious drama Spielberg a great movie, but voters Academy, voted in 1985 to .. still did not give any respect for Spielberg. «The Color Purple» received 11 nominations n Oscars, including best film, but Spielberg was unjustly offended if he was not nominated for best director. It's even worse on Oscar night, when the film did not win a single Oscar. He was completely covered with. This is not so. «The Color Purple "should have won a couple of Oscars, including for a spectacular film debut Whoopi Goldberg as the Celie, a woman suffering at the hands of her abusive husband (jitters contained Danny Glover), then get seconds tronger throughout the film, thanks to some special friend. Oprah Winfrey also made her film debut here and gives a great performance as Sofia, one of those friends of Celie. After all, I'm from Chicago, I knew Winfrey with her talk show (which at the time of the release of this film did not go all over the country). Like Goldberg, who debut film! Margaret Avery is striking as Shug Avery, another friend, who also happens to be rotten lover Celie husband. All three actresses received well-deserved Oscar nomination for his work here (Goldberg for Best Actress; Winfrey and Avery for Best Supporting Actress). Set in the South during the first half of the 20th century, «The Color Purple» movie is so strong that it made me cry at the end. It also made me laugh sometimes too. Why the Academy voters were not so hard appointing Spielberg Best Director is a mystery that still confuses me today. But Spielberg eventully go on to win two Oscars of the year through the "Schindler's List" and "Saving Private Ryan", making it one of the best directors of all time. But he had to get nominated for this film. The work, which he collected from the special effects such blockbusters as «E.T.» serious drama like "The Color Purple" was great. <br /> <br /> **** (out of four)
