In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most controversial film directors of all time. But it is common knowledge; I think his main problem is the array of genres that it covers at the same time, unable to develop any particular style that can mark him filmmaker. Hitchcock loved it and the unknown horror / thriller; Chaplin loved his comedy; Scorsese loves his crime initiatives mafia stories, among others, Spielberg loves it big scale, big budget adventure films, which combine just enough violence for adults and fun for children. Others are more obscure examples include Kubrick and Welles, which are covered with too much to write here. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher like a guy who makes an incorrect film revolves around a great idea or a really enjoyable film revolves around a seemingly dull room. The feed was a great idea behind it, but I found it disappointing flaws and too many scenes, it would seem, relying on comedy. Batman is a superhero; Superhero films have been hits in recent years as he managed to make not one, but two monstrous superhero movies for me. Then comes 8mm; film with the basic premise of which is carried out in a spectacular way to Tigerland, which is the best film of Schumacher from what I've seen so far, in my opinion. With the war genre, laughter is not something that you want to associate with him most of the time. I remember scoffing at the absurdity of the D-Day landings in Saving Private Ryan: At the time when I first saw the film, I did not know much about the bar of the Second World War, when he started and finished. My eyebrows, my mouth open with a weak "I can not believe that a smile" on my face. Needless to say, it is because of this film, I was looking out of learning a little more about what the event was all, and the war in general. In Tigerland, you're invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war through Bozz (Farrell), a cruel and selfish training soldiers for the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But that clever that no jaw-dropping fight scenes war and death and destruction; only one man, and his battle with the system for most of the time. What he says, and the audacity with which it is dealing with its heavy folds reminiscent of student teachers in a number of extremely strict boarding school. Tigerland can take from Full Metal Jacket in the sense that it is a training mode for the Vietnam War, but the ego and superegos play more part here, I think. In superegos, who are sergeants go against Bozz, whose ego is extremely strong. There is also a third part of the triangle of Freud that sneaks into Bozz: identifier. Compared with all the other soldiers, who all have pretty big egos, Bozz is the only one brave enough to show it to the sergeants, thus suggesting that it allows that it should not do in order to come to the surface and express themselves "you are all going to die in this situation! "Barks Sgt. "Any questions?" "Yes, when I'm dead, how can I ask a question?" Responds Bozz, whose punishment, such as push-ups and eating dirt, it seems un-bothered by it in the true style of ID; he enjoys punishments. <br /> <br /> In addition, in connection with superegos, Bozz at one point tries to lead a group of soldiers in the field training. This is something that the current captain of the team can not do so, suggesting that it is absent in both the superego required to operate and safe to say he is responsible Bozz. The following is an actual conversation between the existing drill and Bozz, who gives him a Christian name. This is where the steps (Whigham) the nature of the Private Wilson: His uncontrollable rage and anger at Bozz explode at certain times of the culmination of all the only real scenes film about the shootout, which is in the form of exercise in the river. Wilson can not control their impulses and animosity toward Bozz and plays. <br /> <br /> What I liked Tigerland, he shot so that the brave. While it lacks the innovation, Tigerland seems to use a lower degree of filmstrip or smaller cameras to get through a rough appearance. Make no mistake, it might be pretty-looking movie with a lot of color and appeal. But we have a documentary approach in the long piece makes it look like it was filmed in the usual everyday TV camera; focus on the hand held is also evident, but Schumacher's smart: he never allows the film to become too much like mockumentry at the same time offering budget film could have been half of what it was. It should be noted here that Spielberg said he wanted to Saving Private Ryan to look like a real drum frames or something along those lines and, as if it was recorded on the scenes of the war. <br /> <br /> At the time, it was very funny and interesting, Tigerland is still a lot of research of what makes people tick; not necessarily in the war, but in the nearest possible replacement. His research on one person, and how much he hates the system, he can not even take it seriously as an exciting drive of each soldier. There are some memorable scenes and situations, culminating in a happy, if not unhappy ending that will open your mind and make you think that it could, in fact, as in the army.
