Will and Ted Bodacious journey existential journey through the themes of death, religion, time, Heaven and Hell, the human desire for glory, and his body is overcome by the fear of a soulless machine. This is the most sensible work of fiction, as Paradise Lost and reference a lot of great art works of the past Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. At this time, dudes-known band, having passed through the time of collection of icons from the past- Napoleon, Joan of Arc (the wife of November), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They have the skills that they have learned from each of these people, kidnapped a couple of princesses, and finally learned to play guitar and write their own hits. These songs teach the world to love again and war, famine, evil is vanquished for eternity. We fast forward to the distant future, where an evil dictator who neglects good music under the name of Simon Cow-Al wants to rule the world. He eats Rooshus (cool guy from the first film, which helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gets the power to send two cyborg back in time. Cyborg living tissue over a metal exoskeleton and covered in mimetic alloy field allow them to survive the hustle and bustle of travel at the time, and they can mimic everything they sample by physical contact. It is their job to kill a good Biff and Fred and take over your life, making terrible music that no one could. By doing this, they will change the world Forever- Gryll Jed and music will never go out of war, hunger and hatred, and more annoying, affectionate boy / girl group pop music. There is a strange turn as a good guy actually kill, and they need to work out a way to save the world, themselves, and their wives from the evil Dopplebangers inhabit their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead shows her knowledge as youth culture and real culture, blending modern day music and phrases from the post-modern sets and artistic references, and seeks to teach us all something for venturing into the our soul, to show us ourselves. It is nightmares, who stood before the end of the 80 teens in a society that rejected them and beckon us to dissect the post structuralist chauvinism, self-love, and a time of illness. Charging us with the belief that we can truly change the world is inspiring, but in order to achieve these dreams we need to turn and in fact facing our nightmares. To overcome this, to succeed, to conquer death is the first step to really live, not just survive. According to Kenneth Reeves- «Wow!» Best scene: To meet the game to see how many songs and albums the group covered by the reference you can define for the entire film. There are at least 6.
