1991 saw the release of two of the best sequels of all time: Terminator 2: Judgment Day and BILL & Ted BOGUS JOURNEY. Of the two, I have always loved BILL & Ted BOGUS JOURNEY little better. TERMINATOR 2: Judgment Day is better made, but there's just nothing like Bill and Ted. In addition, Chris Farley and David Spade in TOMMY BOY, it's hard to think of a comedy duo than Bill and Ted. They are one of a kind. <br /> <br /> It would seem that under the influence of the national commander of libel and Stiggs, Bill and Ted were created by Ed Solomon and Chris Matheson, two incredibly talented writers who invented the duo while performing in local theater in LA back in the 1980s. The two quickly began to write a script about two and up to a long beak and a great trip Ted was born. The film, shot in 1987 and released in 1989, was a huge box office success and instant cult. It was not long before he began work on a sequel. Stephen Herek, director of "The Incredible Adventures" does not tend to work on a sequel, because he thought it was too cowardly and contrary to the first, so Peter Hewitt, his debut feature film, was brought in to direct the sequel. There could not be a better director to work. Bill & Ted'S BOGUS journey marvelously directed. It is filled with its own unique style and energy that can not be reconciled. <br /> <br /> What makes the "Bogus Journey" one of the best sequels always is that it while it is darker than the original, it's just like having fun. This does not change the characters, like most sequels do. Bill and Ted is one and the same cute characters that they were in the first film. This is because it was written by the original authors. Most sequels are not written by the same authors as the first, but as "BOGUS JOURNEY" were the same writers that eventually, as well as "The Incredible Adventures", if not even better. Just like the first, «BOGUS JOURNEY" totally fun, well-written, fun, and above all, original. It is filled with spectacular special effects and fantastic comedy performances by Alex Winter, Keanu Reeves and William Sadler. This is an unforgettable "trip". 10/10
