This is the first American film to successfully take a naturalistic style used by the Europeans, especially the French and the Belgians, at least ten years, not the time? After three schoolgirls in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, in the last days of their summer break between the freshmen and sophomores, he does what all good art should be: it opens the universal in the particular. Although the girls seemingly ordinary care - boys, sex, popularity, money, freedom, and the clothes - we have a glimpse of how their lives are shaped, the universal interface between the character and the fate <br /> <br /. > Naturalism in general completed. The film breathes, is currently inhabits in real time. The story tells itself. Wednesday i its artifacts, this time, not the message. The film is unwaveringly true to the prospect of his childhood heroes; it does not impose its own values ​​or moral adult. Details emerge of their own, never kicked, and thus seems to be more realistic and powerful for their understatement. Even if greater efforts were made to capture the true social reality of Crown Heights, the largest part of the Black ghetto in New York and one of the most dangerous violent places in the United States, the theme of childhood in the ghetto, not a ghetto itself. <br /> <br /> documentary footage from the practice sessions marching band, Jackie Robinson Steppers, punctuate the film at regular intervals with an explosion of color, movement and sound. Otherwise, the camera is very close, very intimate, patient, insidious and unobtrusive observer. The language is rich, spontaneous acting transparent. Some scenes are outstanding, such as the girls lounging about, each revealing a deep fantasy. Lanisha recognition of acceptance of death by accidental violence is the most shocking, one of the deepest ghetto scars. Her mother shared with her confusion and fear of absolute adulthood problems equally moving and beautiful, unsentimentally yes <br /> <br /> Social realities are respected, promoted Sun :. All three girls are educated a mother is only one, Lanisha, a father is active in their lives (and not by chance, of the three it is the most emotionally stable and empathize with others, and one of the most self-esteem). Two of them are suffering from asthma, the disease is disproportionately prevalent in the central part of the city. Shots, making day to day, just for a moment interrupts their conversation. Only one of the girls, Joy, a sense of hope, feels that she has control over the future, while the two others in varying degrees, have already adopted despair. <br /> <br /> This is by far the best American drama film that I 've seen in years. Look, see it, see it.
