I am thinking back to the days when I had a boyfriend hat smell it in existence in their time alone when I was 16. Little moments of this film are so precise and right on pace with what is happening in the minds and hearts of young girls during those coming from the age of adolescence. Now at my age I want to preach to them about their decisions and how life in those days, is not as important as it all seems in those moments. What if they can be patient in their youth and wait to experience the hardships of life, both external and internal, that life would be so much sweeter. But then again, young people are facing today with some variables that I've never had to deal with young people. <br /> <br /> The three main characters are well played by three actors (Carey Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn Melissa Martinez Maria) gives us a very true representation of reality piece for young girls who live in impoverished situations. They are impoverished family lives just brought up by single mothers with the expectation Lanisha, whose father is present but not actively support its day-to-day. Have impoverished education system and has no direct contact with the achievement of a role model. These situations are a strong influence on them and their reality, but it does not have major depressive interest for these young women in their day to day. They are, in addition to their plight and focus on one and the same thing, young girls around the world are concerned. Search for true love of a man, with good friends, who you can count on receiving a certain respect / love and responsibility on the part of parents and enjoy life. It was this film cross race, age and gender gap imposed on him of his characters and the environment in which it is stamped. <br /> <br /> The director and writer McKay explains on DVD, each of the scenes hit him in the head, for just watching the young people of this age, who lived in these types of surroundings. In addition, you add three-and-coming actress, which is not so far from that time in your life that you get a real good synergy and effective reality in the best possible way. The only thing I know about (African Americans and Hispanics) is that there is always a spiritual family member or neighbor who is in the foreground or in the vicinity of the earth believe in better days and better life and future, in spite of the the current situation and role modeling that to some extent. It never touches in the movie, not to speak, and I understand that, but it also narrows the culture, having no hopes of anything but themselves. <br /> <br /> Hope Factor: Now I think about my future and where I come and say, as did Lanisha `Today is a good day. Yes, poverty still exists, racism, sexism, and any other Ishmael that we can add. And some of each of these young girls action perpetuate isms and self-destruction all around them impoverished, but none of these actions in the past or present, nor their environment leaves them without hope for a brighter future. I was upset with the hope of each of the characters and a deep desire to be a role model in the lives of a young girl on the verge of taking a destructive solutions. I believe that the value of the film should not only entertain, but causes each of us to think, to reflect, and then act in some positive way, to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
