"One day, we will walk in the rays of a beautiful sun a certain day, when the world is much brighter." - The 5 'Ooh baby marble steps »<br /> <br /> Movies about black teenagers, usually associated inner city gang drug trafficking or committing violence in the hip-hop soundtrack. Movies about everyday problems of ordinary urban teenagers internal hard to find, but there is an undiscovered gem that I would recommend. Our song, Jim McKay about three girls in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, who learn that their high school will be closed for asbestos removal and must make a decision about his future direction, one that may be associated with their separate ways. The story is told from the perspective of 15 years, rather than from an adult reminisce about the past, as in most of majority of films. How to avoid the mandatory street slang, and excessive use of F-words, it provides an honest and affectionate portrait of three friends at a crossroads in their lives. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Mary (Melissa Martinez) in his second year at the local high school. They are active members of the Jackie Robinson Steppers, a marching band in real life, whose rehearsal on parade in honor of Labor Day to ensure discipline and purpose of their lives. <br /> <br /> It looks like David Gordon Green's George Washington, but less stylized, the film demonstrates unprofessional black and Latino actors from Kerry Washington as a standout. While the performances are amateurish some moments I became so fascinated with the story that I forgot the girls were even act. Maria, whose father is in prison, learned that she was pregnant by Terrell, a local student. She wants to have children, despite the fact that she was only 15, and he knows that Terrell, probably will not be of much help. Joycelyn runs in an upward scale clothing store, but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very touching scene in her bedroom, she pretends to be talking to her supporters, and then goes to bed to read one of her poems. It is close to Lanisha and Mary at the beginning, but it drifts to make friends outside of the city. None of the girls did not get a lot of support at home and Maria even too afraid to tell her mother about her child. However, some mothers are not typical defaulters movie or alcoholics. They are warm and loving parents during which the child is limited due to the support of family pressure. <br /> <br /> Parents Lanisha divorced, but she could visit his father, a doorman in an elite residential house and talk about music. Her mother comforted when Lanisha learns that in the area of ​​one committed suicide a few melodramatic plot point in the otherwise realistic film. As summer winds down, the girls drift apart, and everyone decides on a different channel. There are no big dramatic moments, however, only a sad recognition of the inevitability of change. Although we do not have blinders on the disappointments that can wait for them, we identify their hopes and dreams, not dwelling on the negative. Our song is the emotional pleasure of the film about growing up in the projects, who refuse to see life in any other than possible.
