When you start watching this animated masterpiece, you'll soon notice that this is a European production. Although Europeans are (unfortunately) have summarized some of the clichés you would normally find in an American production of this kind, most of them do not have enough. One of them is the fact that the vast evil that only our (very small and very unlikely), heroes can win. Another is the fact that one of the group only in the business for the money, greedy, run away when the heat up, but once his best lends itself to nature. This film would have been better off without both of them. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the TV series, which was four years before this film. Unlike the movie, the TV cartoon series, rather than computer animation. At first I thought that the computer will kill the charm and character of the story, but I was convinced, quickliy: Who made animations knew his or her stuff! Although the characters are obviously fictitious (in frames, they do not even look real), they seem to be as lively and clever, as the audience after their search. Creating characters that are on the "normal" standard can be considered deformed (these micro-tion could never carry that huge body not to mention his jump) so alive and cute more than "just a highlight!" Creation of the World is yet another masterpiece. Not so much because of their appearance, but because of his ingenuity. The world of our heroes travel is not solid as our own, but is composed of many pieces of land of different shape and size, which seems to float in the air. If a person comes to a smaller fragment of the earth, he nods his head slightly, as if the weight of the tail. In some cases, the up and down not longer applied, but our heroes are still unable to gain a foothold anywhere. Although the world of floating islands quite surreal, in this film is absolutely true, and after a short time it seems more surprising than running in the car somewhere in New York. <br /> <br /> I wrote that the world views are not as exciting as the idea. As accurate as it could be, in my opinion, the quality of the world, nature and attention to detail is astounding. Although the characters face are relatively few attributes, emotions can be read as clearly as in the person of Sean Connery and Dustin Hoffman. The world around the characters wonderfully colorful and no two settings are not the same. The background is always in motion, always something going on that makes the world seem more alive. If you stop the movie and watch in the background, you will be surprised at how many items you can find. <br /> <br /> The existence Hector actually puts a cherry on top. Hector furry "thing" (perhaps the equivalent of a dog in our world), which is totally sweet and very funny. Despite the fact that it is not really important to the main story, it is not to be missed as Scrat in Ice Age would. Really cool thing about Hector, you have to speak Gibberish, to understand it. <br /> <br /> If the film is so great, why do not I give it 10 stars? Well, the story itself was pretty thin. Two hunters off to save the world from a very bad dragon who wants to devour the whole world, is not really original. This in itself would not be a big problem. What I missed was the background information. That the dragon was it and why it looks that way? I like the mythical stories, but if they are too thin, they seem to be written after the movie finished in a feeble attempt to give it all some depth. <br /> <br /> Another thing I did not like was the ESR, at least a small girl, she could be considered magic, it was a bit more in this movie. She seemed rather resistant to all kinds of knowledge of reality, some dreamed of a hero from history books and basically slowed others down. It would be okay if she had developed a little more and a little earlier in the film - was less than little girls, to begin with. For me, the idea of ​​this girl who was there to turn the story a little turned against the authors. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a really good movie for just about all ages.
