My first impression was it would Beowulf only with all the good bits fight Grendel and dragons intact, making it a thrill ride from start to finish. Author: Frederick Arthur Lanoir Kwak, two of them created a fantastic landscape, which becomes a character in itself in its history, with its ever-changing environment, consisting of small areas of land floating around, which can be either wasteland or globes green spaces . <br /> <br /> One simple story that tells about the land, which is being compressed in anticipation of the visit of undesirable powerful dragon to loot and destroy, and knights resident all but been destroyed. Enter King granddaughter Zoe (Marie Drion), which collects the Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a huge beast with great force, but really gentle giant, and his partner Gwizdo Arms (Patrick Timzit), which balances a partnership with his cunning brain . Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (together with their pet being who is too proud spewing originate fires) share a common vision of agricultural land and spend idyllic days trend towards farm animals in retirement, but in order to do this comes the requirement to be financially free thus their career in-the extermination of the monster that just do not pay off. <br /> <br /> it's basically the whole point of it, but what makes this film show is its CG graphics, which is firmly rich, detailed, and terrible wonder to behold. It has some fine pieces of the processed set of actions that have been carefully designed to bring you into the thick of the action ,, and during these fight sequences, then a drop of a sad moment. Photo-realistic moments nonexistent scenery make you put aside the fantasy makeup of faith, and it's easy to be enthusiastic about the landscape that goes beyond the usual three suns and a kaleidoscope of volatile thingamajigs (here, which took over the George!) And I could not get enough of the final battle as well, though the usual brick bats will find some fault in the inviolability of the main characters. <br /> <br /> I think this film made me realize that there are many other computer animation companies out there in the world who have the quality of their products, which coincides Pixar. And this is definitely a film that local filmmakers Zodiac: The race begins and the legend of the sea can be found in ?? preserve the history of effectively just moving and let your product do all the talking. Definitely highly recommended!
