Initially, I would have thought that Secret Sunshine something critical to say about religion (and here is Christianity), and wondered whether it would be something tirades against disease blind faith or manipulative power of those who supposedly holier than thou. Surprisingly, there was no similar and was largely impartiality, putting on the scene, in fact, and allows viewers to make their own opinions and conclusions. <br /> <br /> And I can not help but giggle as Song Kang Ho, a man who took a fancy to a widower Shin-th (Jeong Do-It), and starts going to church when she was doing. The reasons for going to church a lot probably, or find inner peace, to ask for help for fear of eternal damnation in the fires of hell, to confirm faith, or even such things as the desire to get married in a church, or a skirt chase (I'm not kidding). But to each his own reasons for turning to church every Sunday and participate in prayer groups to communicate what is really dangerous if the underlying ulterior motives, do not get satisfied, and that is when frustration sets in. Or, if you learn how hypocritical people can be drawing one person in the house of God, and reflect another one outside. <br /> <br /> Shin-th June, and her son moved to the city of Miryang, which is the birthplace of her late husband, wanting to start a new life, she discovers a piano store to give lessons, but in discovering its new-found freedom, and in the absence of a good second opinion, there is another tragedy befall her. It takes one hour to get to. Secret Sunshine really took their time to get to this point where things then start to get a little more interesting with Shin-th is now taking to the development of religion in order to deal with and take its current state, glaring at the comfort that religion, and fellow believers can offer. <br /> <br /> What began as calls for compassion is transformed into acceptance and belief that religion offers that silver bullet to solve all of humanity's disease, and sometimes you wonder if it's because of your own personal short-sighted view that the almighty do to you that you start taking a few selfish belief that all is well your path, and in the case of Shin-Ae, her generous attitude of wanting to forgive others have gone over to her, forgetting something very important that this feeling can be also a double-edged <br /> <br /> in recent they act, probably the most fun of the party, as it says a lot where most of us can identify with. - why I, and why not someone else, we rage against our faith and start questioning, unfortunately, without any hard and fast answers available. It was then that we either fall by the wayside, or continue with the destructive deeds so rebellious. But somehow the plug gets pulled gently in the last Sunshine, not to hurt, and it might be ugly nature of the mouthpiece, he was muted. <br /> <br /> If you bite into the hype is generating this film, then maybe you'll understand perfectly portrayal Only He Chong in DO- it should be noted that it is wholly owned by its role widow Shin-th, which is probably the unluckiest man in the world to deal with the fact that many of the tragedy in a short period of time, and if you look at it carefully, most of which are its own activities. Watching her transformation, it is worth the ticket price, and, in spite of my personal favorite Korean actor Song Kang-ho in the film, is that he just breezed through.
