The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is cast. Chon Before He is Lee Shin-th, the protagonist, a woman with a young son, whose husband died in an accident, and who leaves Seoul to live in Miryang, which was his hometown, with her young son's face JEON with It is very changeable. She maiden, flirtatious, elegant, outdated and sad, desperate and happy with him and scared isolated on the queue, and all of it in her face. The film also stars Song Kang Ho, Kim, a man who meets her when her car breaks down going into Miryang, originating run garage in the city that follows her around all the time after that, despite the apparent lack of interest in his attention. The song is the biggest star in Korea right now, known for his work with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, Memories of Murder and The Host). And yet, here he plays a character, a one-time almost forgotten man. But it certainly makes it interesting and attractive with curiosity. It is necessary ballast to maintain the character of JEON from floating away. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ya piano teacher. It comes to a new town, which is a neutral place, a kind of poor man-Seoul city "as well as elsewhere," says Kim (just as it is, in a sense, just as someone or other). Her cheerful little boy, as little boys, but obviously damaged and sometimes removed, too. His father snores, and if he misses, he does not sleep, pretending to snore. He goes to school, and Shin-th meets the parents and students, and shopkeepers. There is a sense of place in the film, even though the place is, in a sense, "anywhere." People say in the local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and Shin-NOT Seoul origin immediately noticed. Is life really sharper here, away from the big city and its complications? Shin-th does not seem to realize the danger she is in. <br /> <br /> Something terrible is happening. And Shin-th does not necessarily have to deal with it the best way. But it happens, and it must face the consequences. But she can not. It goes to pieces. Contractor caught, but it is not comforting. In the end, she becomes so desperate that it softens and becomes reborn Christian meeting acquaintance was pressed to attend. She finds peace and liberation from it. But if she decides not only to forgive the offender, but to go to the prison to tell him that the experience is full of paradoxes and again destroys it all. It becomes embittered and desperate, and she no longer finds solace in religion. And it gets worse. <br /> <br /> Chon Before He gives her all in this extremely demanding and perverse role. Or Chang-dong, can be a very good director. If an actor of the caliber of Song Kang Ho expresses great enthusiasm for it that convincingly. By Scott Foundas According to LA Weekly, the first three films Lee, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002) marked it as "one of the leading figures of the recent cinematic renaissance of the country." But it is not so successful film as in other Korean filmmakers whose work I saw Yoon Sang-soo, Bong Joon-ho, and a terrible, almost perversely gifted Park Chan-wook. It Foundas can start really talks like a kind of "Asian Alice Does not Live Here Anymore" and then "suddenly and without warning" is transformed into "something thriller, and some time after that almost Bressonian study of human suffering. "But progress is not only seems to be random and unpalatable, the film dissolves and lose momentum until the end and then just run out of steam, with no sense of the end of Shin-th There are also shortcomings in the action takes foolish chances with his son, and make a bad choice all along... If it is intended to madness, as Betty in Jean-Jacques Beineix Betty Blue, which could explain its specific and erroneous options, that is not what is properly designed. it is an entertaining film, certainly a disturbing one, but one that leaves one doubtful and unhappy, placing clank through the emotional wringer. <br /> <br /> official selection at the New York Film Festival, presented at Lincoln Center in 2007 ?? event that done correctly Korean filmmakers in the recent past.
