Korean cinema can be very surprising for the audience Occidental, due to a variety of tones and genres can be found in the same film. In the drama Coreen, such as the «Secret Sunshine», you will also find some comic details, thriller scene and romantic times. "There is not only a tragedy in my life, there is also a tragicomedy," he says at one point the movie character interpreted by Song Kang-ho, adding the mixture of the pictures. But do not get me wrong, it is a variety of genres of movies dealing with, adds to the experience of the truth of this rich film offers its audience. This does not mean that there is no unity:., On the contrary, rarely seen such a dense and profound portrait of women in pain <br /> <br /> Shin-th who are in search of a quiet life with her son in the hometown of her deceased husband, does give, for all the different faces of the suffering she is going through, the unity of this film. This is a realistic part is erased psychological descriptions of all phases of the poor mother is going through. Denial, lost, anger, faith, bold reality: the film of all deposits of steps crosses character, and looks like a mental catalog of all phases of suffering woman may experience <br /> <br /> The only thing. to take what may seem like a conceptual experience (woman wears a mask of tragedy, a man is a comic interludes), and let the cunning touch of the film. I must say that some parts of the movie really moved me (Especialy in the beginning), especially those relating to the inability of Joan Chang to really help the people he loves, but also that the accumulation of suffering emotionally tired me out. Nevertheless, some cinematographic ideas are really exciting and amazing (the scene where the body was found in a large shot, for example, odd). This kind of scene makes "Secret Sunshine" had the equivalent of «The Host» for horror movies or 'Memories of Murder' for thrillers. These movies are really strange, the most original, incredibly aesthetically pleasing, and manage to give another aspect of genres, they are dealing with. The only thing that "Secret Sunshine" forgets, as "owner" forgot to be scary to make his audience cry, a bad point for melodrama, but a good time for a good movie.
