Secret Sunshine Lee Changdong means the return of director in the film-making world after years of absence. With three film critics already under his belt, he is now recruiting veteran Thespian Chon Doyeon and its significant (Cannes-winning) talent starring Lee Shinae. What follows is a journey through the tragedy of a woman and her study of coping mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the things that becomes obvious while watching Secret Sunshine, which is actually not care to follow any particular genre, and raises the genre of line when it is necessary to convey what he is trying to convey. The story itself whether to Shinae, she moved with her son to the city Milyang (whose Chinese-Korean translates to The Secret of the Sun). She moved to Milyang in the period after the death of her husband, as his hometown, so that the film is born of tragedy. And do you think that things could only get better, as it opens up a piano shop and meets a little awkward nice guy Mechanical Jongchan (by Kangho songs). But this is not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> As we (and Jongchan, hard) followed Shinae, she meets Milyang and destiny that she has in store for her, the cracks in the armor quickly become apparent, it troubled woman trying to grasp their strength to to overcome the tragedy and we are seeing how it believes that it is not enough. Secret Sunshine still manages to stick mainly Aristotelian dramatic arc, but relegated to the catharsis that may confuse some viewers, especially the ending, but the novel's symbolism is present in the name Milyang, discussion of the sun and the images used in the film is very well left me satisfied, as soon as I I began to think a little more on the film. <br /> <br /> Ms. Jeong very impressive throughout, especially given the fact that if the role was any less well played, it would be quickly turned into a rather painful melodrama, but it captures the nuances of attempts have Shinae deal with her loss of subtlety layer. Mr. Song has a much smaller role in this film than in the other films, but it performs adequately, respectively giving step d-Jeon. Technically, the film is well made in the classic sense of the word. There are no screaming aesthetics does not work here - the director is clearly trying to give the story to tell itself. I think my only real complaint, and one that may not be able to fix that in spite of all the time we spend with Shinae, there is little distance between Shinae and audience (or at least me). I think some of this follows from the nature of the work, because if the total empathy has been pressed, we can not see the problems that Shinae objectively. On the other hand, I have never felt moved by the plight of Shinae, despite her many tears and increasingly bizarre behavior. <br /> <br /> And yet, the movie still is very impressive, especially in that it stimulated me to think about it, additional values ​​that are present in it, and his thoughts about the tragedy, coping, self-deception, isolation and faith stuck with me well after the credits have finished. Self-propelled strong lead performance, I honestly did not notice it 2.25 hours of execution. And that says something. Well done. 8/10.
