Secret Sunshine (2007) is known for its award-winning at the Cannes Film Festival in 2007, and other film festivals. Jeong-Do Ian, who played the recently widowed Shin-th, won the best actress trophy at the 60th Cannes Film Festival. Secret Sunshine was also the winner of the best feature film and Jeong-Do It won the best actress nod from the Asia-Pacific region of the screen awards. In addition, the film won the best film award in almost all the Korean festivals. Masterfully written and directed and photographed clearly, Secret Sunshine expressed hope and salvation, which can be found, if life is painful because of the continuous tragedy. This film also spoke of the forgiveness of God and man. Or Jang Dong, director and screenwriter of the film, said in an interview: "In a huge way, I wanted to express what love is, and this film can be a melodrama, in a sense. Without love, we can not speak of hope and salvation. " He acknowledged that the Secret Sunshine was no obvious genre. This film is not a film about religion, but it attracted the attention of many Christians in Korea, because there were many Christian elements in the film. <br /> <br /> The turning point in the secret Sunshine comes, when on June Shin- son did not, abducted and killed. Thief asks for money because he believes that, since it can buy the land, it must be rich. Her lie causes a lot of grief. <br /> <br /> Shin-th becomes a church-goer and wants to forgive the killer. She decides to visit his son's murderer in prison, and to forgive him. Chan Chan, one guy Shin-NOT, says, "Just forgive in your heart. You have to go to jail? "Her church comrades cheer for her, and say that they will pray for her. Her pastor agrees that she wants to do. It is a sad moment, because it is too early for her to do the action. The result of the meeting with the killer is another turning point in the life of tires-AEs. The killer said with a quiet smile that he had already forgiven by God. This spark of anger in it in relation to God. She says, "How could you forgive someone before I forgive» <br /> <br /> She begins to fight against God. She looks at the sky and proclaims: ". I will not lose to you," it becomes a trap, her heart a trap, and her hands chain. This is worse than death. She gets crazier and crazier and sent to a psychiatric hospital. On the day of Shin-th discharged from the hospital, she goes to the beauty salon and sees a familiar face. The daughter of the murderer of her son working in the shop and cuts her hair. Daughter Helped killer kidnapped son Shin-AEs. While she cuts hair Shin-NO, the main character can not understand what is happening, and out of the store quickly. <br /> <br /> It's hard not to talk about Chen Chang in the film. Chan Chan is doing everything possible to be on the side of Shin-AEs. Although Shin-th does not care about him, that he was with her all the time. Shin-nd leaves church quickly, but Chan Chan, who started going to church-from Shin-th, is there because he feels peace with God. Or Chang-dong's Secret Sunshine director, said Chen-chang as Milyang (secret sunlight), in rural areas of the city, or vice versa. He seems to be "too worldly and frivolous, but he is always two steps behind her and cares about her. Milyang like him. "Mr. Lee added," Someone joked that Chen Chang can be an angel. I think he could be an angel. Who knows? We can not say with certainty that no angel. "If there is a man like Chen-chang, who always accompanies her lover twists and turns, we can protect ourselves from the Overpowered. Life of Shin-th complete meaninglessness. Her husband died after he cheated on her, and her only son was killed by a ruthless killer after she moved to her husband's hometown. And her soul was damaged, because she knew the other side of Christianity ?? and what makes it intelligently, in a literal sense. It is too easy to say that her life is filled complete zero. Does she still have hope in her life? It can find meaning in their lives? The final scene gives us hope. Shin-th trying to cut her hair to me: we play the way our lives themselves. However, she realizes that it's hard to do it yourself, and we know that we can not do everything yourself. We see, Jong-chan holds a mirror for her, when she cuts her hair. It is her hope. She Chan Chan beside her, and he is ready to help her in any situation she was. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan, like an angel for her. If we believe that the angel always near and behind us, we can find joy in life, even if we are faced with adversity in our lives. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine was a hot topic of conversation in Korea. It's like the Da Vinci Code. While Da Vinci Code helps us to discuss the early history of the church, Secret Sunshine encourages us to deal with a disorderly life and find meaning when life seems unbearable. With a shallow interpretation of the movie, people do not understand Christianity and its theology. With deep interpretation, this film helps us to see beneath the surface. Some people say that they stopped attending church service after they watched The Secret Sunshine and Lee Chang-dong says: "They were already the antichrist before they watched the film Secret Sunshine is the story of a woman's life, and we can interpret this. life through the life of Shin-AEs.
