Or Jang Dong-exclusive «Secret Sunshine» is the most emotionally draining experiences of the year. It instantly sober, honest part of the character on the echoes of the loss and exquisite Memento Mori, which resonates with surprising density of thought, it remains unclear how the emotion he observes. Due to its lamellar naturalism and stunningly sharp view of the dynamics of small towns, Lee implicitly deconstructs traditional Korean melodrama, pulling apart cinematics and excess tearing apart the arcs that form the base of their characters and the proceedings in the crushing grind stoic realism. <br /> <br /> «Secret Sunshine» remains very attractive, fluid operation throughout its 142-minute performance. His bravado first hour is filled to the brim subtextual innuendo, excellent omen and clever turns of tone caused by humanistic moodiness. Adapted from a short story, Lee infuses the film with his sensitivity for the sublime paradoxes of life, was last seen in his transgressive comic and irreverent "Oasis". Understanding how personal revolution fake when the views of our universe changed, Lee not only sees the emotional cataclysm sorrow widow through the curious sector, but also feels tumultuous existential currents that lie at the heart of the film, when religion becomes a narrative releasing in understanding the abomination of human experience . <br /> <br /> at Yong Jeong (in «You Are My Sunshine») Best Actress Award at Cannes in 2007, deservedly so. Her performance as a widow Shin-th remains inexorable mystery. How to take away the character of forces beyond its control, the very splendor of this play is central to the turbulent nature of the film. With Zheonom essaying a cyclonic revolution others have anxious feeling of decay that the film, to his credit, never approaching. Instead, he finds a delicate balance, which drains charged theatricality and subsequent banality of ordinary tragedy and its fallout. It becomes the center of the universe of the film, as well as ours. Filmed in the famous manual CinemaScope, the film endure cinematicism frames and tracks, becoming visually sharp as it quietly harrowing when the camera does not waive his eyes from Shin-oh, and in times of happiness, a sense of guilt and remorse. <, Br /> <br /> Lee captures the detail of life in a small town of Miryang suspicious ?? bulkiness communal situations, his awkward silence and desolation came out of personal dramas. Shin-interaction not with the citizens rarely causes dividends, especially if they are just made from the obligation to fit in for the sake of his son Jun (Jung-Seon yeop). One recurring acquaintance Jong-chan (Song Kang-ha), a bachelor mechanic undetermined intent, which helps her along the way to Miryang in the fairy opening film sequence set in a spectacular stream of sunlight. Song is like a comic anti-hero in the big movies in South Korea, but its nuances, discreet delivery here implies thought process director never had to show more than clearly needed. <br /> <br /> If the pain is ephemeral, that grief can never precisely dissipate. And Lee is the complexity of existence. If Tire th trying to head down the path of reconciliation only to face again with incredible grief, she unsuccessfully uses communication evangelical Christianity as a foil to her grief. But Lee knows better than when he realizes that religion in the context of the human canvas of struggle and suffering, is never an easy decision. But Lee never blames the essence of religion as he understands the value of saving for some by a higher power, even if it is a form of denial of the other. Scenes in its second half, dealing with religion does not allow himself to become aggressive neglect, which in itself is a feat considering how many filmmakers let the momentum of the material to take on what they have to say, to be faithful to its history and symbols. <br /> <br /> Lee first film since his call to the post of Minister of his country's culture and tourism is uncompromising thesis on human suffering. In the film, so guileless and present, he constantly shows that there is nothing as simple as an emotional catharsis, just suppress and combat the agony. «Secret Sunshine» leaves us bounties pulled out of impermanence, and points to the deeper understanding of faith and despair.
