I was not going to write this review, but after reading the review by default, which points to the URL of the movie, I was compelled to write a rebuttal. The film in the word beautiful. He does not deserve a smear review that the author wrote. I think that the writer completely missed the point of the film to a large extent. In fact, I too was expelled excessive show of evangelist church services, which occupied the middle of the film to a large extent. Nevertheless, I must beg to differ reviewer that this film in the end, it's not a piece of propaganda for the evangelist action. I think that the director has shown that, as religion is not enough to find the answers to all the questions of how religion is largely unable to provide answers to basic, simple questions that can be asked and all that religion can offer sometimes banal platitudes of one kind or another. It does not indicate a value judgment about religion, we must remember that religion is transmuted and exercise routine, mostly well-intentioned, are basically good people, and they usually do not have a monopoly on the truth, and thus religion can not in the end give definitive answers to some questions in life. Ultimately, it is a matter of faith. You have to take it on faith, and that's all. And if you get to the faith, then you can evaluate any show of faith. And if you have not given faith, any manifestation of faith tiring. Thus, at the same time, it is useful to note the reaction of the reviewer for the film. In any case, the director shows us that we can choose not to accept the religious interpretation of events and answer questions, and in spite of that life goes on, and there is a "secret of the Sun" in this world, which is waiting for all the wounded soul, regardless of their religious perspective. And this is just the basic idea of ​​the film! Please note that the last scene of the film, if you do not get it! In the end, the film is a great friend and a very thoughtful and stands in front of you - the audience questions that you must answer himself. Thus, this work of art that is challenging for you personally. I agree with the reviewer that the Gospel material was a bit too much. However, given the above explanation of the religion, as shown in the film, I think that the director is trying to balance the act by which he can not be called an evangelist ?? dolt! Actor Kang Ho Son was great, as always. He is so well-balanced and just great, it's just amazing. He is my favorite Korean actor, no doubt. I know that the actress Jeon Do It won the Cannes Best Actress in this film. However, I have not found any specialty in its actions. It seems that in order to get rewards you just have to act very convincing crying and hysterical scenes and all ?? Overall, a great movie. If you do not like it ?? Please look it over and see if you get it! If he leaves you are not satisfied or uncomfortable or to ask questions, I think, if this is not what the director was actually aim through this film in the first place!
