Paul Verhoeven is one of the most amazing terrines any major filmmaker: he began making art house in his native Holland before moving to Hollywood, where he began to make subversive genre pieces that are often seen as simple entertainment mainstream crowds. 1983 fourth man was the last film he made before moving to the United States, and it seems to have been a transitional film for him. <br /> <br /> Since the beginning of the fourth man, it is clear that the film will be seen from the point of view of the well-known though impoverished writer Gerard. The apparent respect to the same name one thousand nine hundred forty-nine Carol Reed film The Third Man movie begins with the author makes the trip to speak to a crowd of lovers of literature. The similarity ends there, however, as Gerard works in any major complications, before arriving in the auditorium, and the speech itself is pretty smooth. Despite the relative ease with which he completes this function, we know that the author is somewhat concerned, because it has a realistic fantasy about killing his roommate before leaving his house, and he also has a surreal fantasy involving property he see advertised and detached eyeball growing out of holes in the door. The fact that he sometimes has trouble keeping it separate from the reality fantasy becomes clearer if anecdote says it is exposed as untrue, and he admits that "false {s} to {true}, he knows more done something or Didn «t going to happen." <br /> <br /> A fourth man full of surreal fantasies and dreams, which are made all the more disturbing because it is very easy to see how they relate to events that we've seen happen because they sometimes predict events, harbor "t happened yet. Between efficiency surreal sequences and careful style of Verhoeven edit it ends up being the most atmospheric film from this side do not look now like this film the full ambiguity. In contrast, the film The Fourth Man also perversely funny how deeply rooted Catholic beliefs Gerard seep into every aspect of his life, including sexuality. It naturally binds women's hairdresser, he deeply knows the Biblical Delilah, though he fears that it will remove even more important symbol of courage with her scissors. The erotic fantasy sequence that would make Luis Bunuel blush it replaces man, he is drawn to the life of Christ on the cross size statues. <br /> <br /> Fourth Man horror film, which has managed to attract the viewer in the mind of the protagonist, still retaining some ambiguity: it certainly seems as if Gerard is in danger, but it might just be more than his "lying truth. "The film is also full of both subtle and not so subtle visual symbols, which helps to make it a unique and satisfying cinematic experience.
