View DE Vierde MAN (aka fourth MAN) is a bit disturbing and very exciting experience. It is very dense and intense psychological mystery / thriller from Paul Verhoeven of the Netherlands. He directed the film just before he got his big of a "free ticket to Hollywood" -movie FLESH + BLOOD. Most user comments on this site I noticed any of Alfred Hitchcock. In fact, this film may well be Hitchcock, but I also noticed early Cronenberg (visceral), David Lynch flavors risks (surreal story-linked visual effects) and even Roman Polanski (plot-wise set-up). The funny thing is that the films of the directors, I had in mind while watching DE Vierde MAN have been made only after the 1983 model year fourth MAN. So go figure it out. <br /> <br /> A lot of credit really should be paid to the history of the original novel by Gerard Reve this film is based. Gerard Reve also invented the name of the main character (a tortured writer, played by Jeroen Krabbé, balancing on a dangerous line of severe psychosis). Now no one stopped and thought about what the word "rêve" is French for "dream"? And the film really shows a lot of fairytale / nightmare sequences, often expanding that you do not always know for sure when Gerard was not asleep or dreaming itself. Maybe it's a coincidence ...? Maybe it's just me, but I do not think so. Renee Sautendiki quite strange, as the leading lady (in a rather demanding roles). It sometimes seems to be to blame for the excessive actions (in a subtle way). But this aspect was clearly deliberately to reflect the character she plays, as this film progresses, you become not sure what actually thinking about this lady and her intentions. It proves once again that she is a great actress. I might add that the film also contains several scenes depicting full frontal male & female nudity, as well as some pretty obvious sex scene (and you do not even notice that some scenes and aspects were clearly scenes drawings later to death for Verhoeven Basic Instinct). <br /> <br /> Another aspect of this film has a lot of symbolism and Biblical references / images that allegedly made the film thoroughly hated by some conservative / Catholic movement during its European release. In any case, it makes the film worth a second viewing. Now someone recently told me that he had serious concerns about DE Vierde MAN. One of them is that the film is supposedly himself maneuvering position in which he needs divine intervention of the Virgin Mary will be solved. I myself have a big problem with the way Catholicism was, and still is sometimes portrayed in many films in any genre (so not only when it comes to religious themed horror movies). But surprisingly, I have however had no doubt when it comes to a quarter of MAN. While the Lady-in aspect of the story I did bowl a head at some point, I had fun with it, in a sense. I think the key word, why it does not bother me is the "duality". Because this film works on two levels. Although "Divine Intervention" could solve the storyline from the point of view of the hero ... on the other hand: the film has in mind that all of this may have been delusional delusional ravings of a madman. And it's the most interesting thing: You never know for sure. And then the question arises: Could it be that Gerard Reve was some way to get the distorted vision of things to come ... how to receive an omen? At one point in the film, Gerard even tries to deceive Christina, believing that he clairvoyant. The way he plays Christina in this particular scene gracefully here. <br /> <br /> So, with its fascinating history, convincing acting performance and adequate direction, DE Vierde MAN is highly recommended viewing indeed (especially if you enjoy tough European film of psychological terror). But make sure that you see the original Dutch version (not a duplicate).
