I do not know if I believe there is no masterpiece, but it's damn near close; it is very well done, artistic, disturbing, intricate graphics, thematically complex and full of dark omens and sexual and religious imagery. There are also some great camera work of John de Bont, atmospheric score by Loek Dikker and outstanding performances by Jeroen Krabbé and Reni Sautendizhk, the latter gives one of the most sneaky, subtle performance "femme fatale" I have ever seen. As in many other European films, this film is shameless, open-minded attitude to sex, poverty and the complexity of sexuality and has zero reservations about mixing it all with a religious and / or surreal (some would say sacrilegious) images. In other words, if you can not bear the thought of seeing the lust of the initiative provides for the object of his homosexual desires flesh of Jesus crucified on the cross, before the two of them go at it in the basement of the cemetery, it may not be the movie for you. What surprised me, as it is strange, the film managed to completely avoid being pretentious mess. He mixes abstract / surreal / fantasy parallel reality scenes and some way does all the work. Like any good mystery, you can see the pieces slowly fall into place as the film progresses. There is no left-field resolution here. The film has a direction, there is no need of filler and, as soon as he comes to the conclusion begins to understand the purpose of what you may be confused before. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee that you will love this film. Hell, if you have no idea who they are even, you would like it <br /> <br /> I will not spoil the plot, getting too much detail, but the first shot of the film. - through the web like a spider catches its prey - sets the scene as Crabbe and unshaven, smug, bisexual writer Gerard Reve (interestingly, as well as the writer's name, the novel this is based on) crosses paths with a rich, mysterious, sexy woman named Christine ( Soutendijk, combining androgynous style with Simone Simon-like innocence / wit, that it is quite unnerving), which can be literally "black widow" responsible for the deaths of three of her previous husbands. The two became lovers and move with each other, but we are led to believe (through Christine's strange behavior and frequent occurrence of another woman - played by Gert de Jong - who may or may not actually exist) something awful seething under the surface. If other Christina fans, young and "beautiful" Herman (Thom Hoffman), appears in the house, things take an unexpected turn. And that's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> 4th person was a huge success in the art-house most of the world, but did not make it to the US until 1984, where she was awarded the Best Foreign Language Film of the Year from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. The most common form is the issue of the media, which has been badly dubbed. Try to avoid that one and head straight to the new Anchor Bay DVD release of the subtitle. With the arrival in America, Verhoeven's career has its ups and downs. He made some decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some lousy On (Showgirls). In fact, a great success Verhoeven Basic Instinct almost like a less interesting, younger version of League of the fourth person. Soutendjik also tried his hand at acting in America, and the grave SECRETS (1989) and Eve Of Destruction (one thousand nine hundred ninety-one) had the best offer she sat down, she went back home in the Netherlands.
