Bohlen Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbé), which is a homosexual, an alcoholic and has frequent visions of death is invited to give a lecture at the club literature Vlissingen. While at the train station in Amsterdam, he feels, are not overwritten thirst for the beautiful person who goes to another train. Gerard entered the club treasurer and a beautician Christine Halsslag (Renee Sautendizhk), which is a rich widow, which owns the Sphinx beauty salon, and they have one night. The next morning, Gerard sees a picture of a friend of Christine Herman (Thom Hoffman), he recognizes him as the man he had seen at the station. He asks her to bring the German in her home to spend a couple of days together, but with the secret intention to seduce a man. Cristina goes to Cologne to bring her boyfriend and Gerard left alone in the house. He drinks whiskey and bloodhounds it safe, find three film reels with the names of the men; he decides to see stories and discover that Christina was married to three men, all of whom died in a tragic accident. Later, Gerard said Christine the Witch and the question of whether German or be condemned her fourth husband. <br /> <br /> ambiguous «The Man» Vierde another great feature of Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch phase. History supports a great script that uses the Catholic symbols in order to create tension associated with smart dialogues; Jeroen Krabbé excellent performance in the role of the disturbed alcoholic writer; and stunning cinematography. Unconvincing resolution is open to interpretation, as in many European films that explore the common sense and intelligence of the audience. There mediocre filmmakers who use nudity front of people to promote their films; However, Paul Verhoeven uses nudity Gerard Reve as part of the plot and is never aggressive or search for sensationalism. And last but not least; androgynous beauty sexual Reni Sautendik perfect for his role of a woman who attracts a gay writer. . My vote is eight <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "O 4o Homem" ( "4-Man")
