Preceded by Paul Verhoeven to his breakthrough hit "Basic Instinct" is a stylish and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven became known that a few sleazy trash films, both in his native Holland and America, and this film is one of the reasons why. The fourth man stands the amazing story of Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbé plays); gay, alcoholic and slightly mad writer who goes to Vlissingen to give talk about the stories he writes. There he meets a seductive Christine Halsslag (Renee Sautendizhk), who takes him back to his house, where he discovers a beautiful picture of one of her lovers, and announced that he will meet with him, even if it kills him. <br /> <br /> Paul Verhoeven to twist the truth many times in this film, and that ensures that you never know where you are with him. Many of the entries in a fourth person can be what they seem, but they can be easily interpreted as something quite different, and it keeps the audience on the edge of their seats for the duration, as well as doing the work in the movie, as the story is that it thrives. Paul Verhoeven directed by Sun, who feels that he has to restrain himself, and this is one of the things I like most about him. This film has a very shocking scene that made me feel bad for a few hours after it (and that does not happen very often!). I will not spoil it, because he needs the element of surprise, to work ... but you'll see what I mean when you watch a movie (make sure you get the uncut version!). There are also a number of other terrible scenes that are less shocking than I have already mentioned, but nevertheless perfectly; man gets eaten by a lion, the second tube is sent through his skull, the boat is broken in half ... nice. <br /> <br /> The current in the Fourth Man is not something to write home about, but it is solid throughout. Jeroen Crabbe includes the audience's attention and looks the part of a drunken writer. It Reni Sautendizhk that impresses most, though, as a femme fatale in the center of the story. Her performance as Sharon Stone simulates nine years later with a basic instinct, but the original fatal done it best. The direction of Paul Verhoeven is solid throughout, it draws our attention through multiple points of view, all of which help create a secret history. Verhoeven went on to make some trash, but he obviously has talent, and it's a shame that he does not put it better to use. Of all Verhoeven films I've seen, this is the best and, although it may be difficult to meet; believe me, it's worth the effort.
