The film, which can make you shed tears of sadness and tears of joy would have been considered quite a step in the career of the general director. The fact is Steven Spielberg, perhaps our greatest storyteller, did it in different video formats for many years. The color purple, while considered risky, especially after the classic activities like JAWS and the Raiders of the Lost Ark. Looking back, this film should come as no surprise, because Spielberg made us cry tears of joy and sorrow in E.T. Critics call it the color purple entrance to the intellectual fare. This is a pretty entrance. No special effects, entirely remove, simply brilliant storytelling based on a literary classic Alice Walker. One surprise as Spielberg could have imagined such a touching film about African-Americans in the Deep South. Slavery is not, but in the south, shown here, it seems as if blacks using other black slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg always inhibited for sentimentalizing your photos or add a child element to please the audience. This is really the first of underrated films of his career, that you can not make these observations. This is the first in a series of people's movies, or do not see or do not see, because there's no aliens. Empire of the Sun, always, Schindler's List, etc .. His amazing talent is evident with this particular painting because A) he uses mostly untrained actor first, B) he decides to subject most felt was unadaptable to the screen, and C) is pure drama without pulling, where the characters grow and change for the passage of about 30 years. It is almost an epic, both in appearance and volume, and the fact that he was not even nominated for any Academy Awards out of 11 nominations, bullying and humiliation. <br /> <br /> incredible Whoopi Goldberg as Celie exhausted, unattractive woman given her incestuous abusive parents, Danny Glover, who she knows only as "Mister." The film is the way of random beatings and mental torture, she goes through some time with «Mister». PG-13 rating the film is quite open to the sexual issues that arise in Walker's novel. It is not «The Burning Bed» in Georgia by any means. There's no blatant revenge taken as one would expect. It happens gradually. Goldberg plays a great man who needs love and someone who deserves it. The most poignant and heartbreaking moments of the film comes as Goldberg and her sister, Nettie (Akosua plays Bushi) are separated, perhaps forever. (Perhaps foreshadowing the Holocaust separation of the child and a parent?) You may need to check your pulse if you are not touched by this sequence. <br /> <br /> Purple color symbolizes the beauty of the fields and flowers, surrounding poor people. There really is something to live, and love conquers all things. Spielberg haters take note: the guy can make a memorable classic without the cute aliens <br /> <br /> RATING :. 10 of 10
