It's pretty bad western series called Euyu won for best syndicated program and, of course, an interesting series. It was prepared by the Republic, the studio that made the action is better than anyone else, and they put their best into it. Each episode was built around the real historical figure of the old West. Railway detective named Matt Clark, similar to the later Ness with gangsters of the 1920s and 30s, was able to attend almost all notorious Western pariah between the mid 1800s and the First World War. the best asset of the series, Jim Davis. Tall, robust, smoothly handsome, in perfect condition, to the western accent, and great riding skills, which made him quite convincing in the scenes, Davis was every inch the western hero. He teamed up with two nice and active co-stars Mary Castle as "Frankie" in the first season, and Kristin Miller as "Jonesy" in the second. Everyone worked well with Davis. <br /> <br /> With this show apart from his contemporaries and much of what came later was invested in professional scenes. Ace action directer William Witney directed 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon others. Both shooting action with polish. a wide margin of the republic to the warehouse personnel of the series and D was used to give volume. The level of individual episodes up or down to the quality of the guest stars are attracted to the robbers game. Among really good were Marie Windsor as Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef, Jesse James, Fess Parker as a burr Dalton, Jean Parker as cattle, Kate and Joe Sawyer and thin Pickins like Butch Cassidy and "smile Kid». Cream Western and willing, Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best, Richard Zhekel, honing their skills. B veterans with years of experience under their belts, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earl Hodgkins, Steve Darrell and Chief Youlachi, provided that the old leather feeling of old westerns. <br /> <br /> weakness of the concept is that there are only so many famous western robbers. The second season of the famous figures are vague to tick all the dedicated lover of history. Nevertheless, some of the latest shows were a match for any of the guest stars. Henry Brandon reflect Rustler Nate Champion and former star of Don Barry was outstanding as little time outside the law Milt Sharp. <br /> <br /> Western supporters or history buffs will want to see it.
