ROUEN PRIZES AND rejoices "VILLA paranoia" Any movie the general public, in fact, more important than the prize jury were brilliant bitter dramatic comedy Erik Clausen, «Villa Paranoia", who was also elected to the European Youth Jury indicates its appeal to film fans of all . The next day, ages director actor Clausen went to a distant city Mamers, Pays de la Loire, for the provincial festival of new European cinema, where "Villa Paranoia" picked up three prizes - Best film of the jury; Best film, Audience award, and Best another film youth jury consisting of «lycéens», the French high school students five prizes in one weekend -.. not a bad film with a scoop for a small country with unknown actors Besides, "Villa" was awarded the Grand Prix, Maverick SPIRIT AWARD, in San Jose, California, just a week ago, according to the distinguished British actor sir Ben Kingsley ( «Ghandi»), making for a grand total of six awards in one week. If Lars van Trier put Denmark on the offbeat, oddball Dogma Cinematic map in recent years, now there is a good chance that vetera Mr. Maverick Eric Clausen (62) and capable team of actors will soon show the world that Denmark has more than dogmatic nonsense proposal, which is to say a massive audience pleaser for young and old. In addition, the lead actor in his film, Sonja Richter, has the magical screen presence that, with a little more impact, it stands a good chance to become the next international Nordic Diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a fantastic movie, screenwriter, director and acting in Mr. Klauzno and using certain motives of Moliere's "The Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), an ambitious young actress, lost deep in the coveted role of Moliere and reduced to making a completely chicken stupid TV commercials, is on the verge of suicide. However, Jørgen (Clausen), which runs a massive chicken farm is sponsoring the place offers her a job with room and board, taking care of his grumpy, senile, paralyzed-ridden father, Walentin, which does not say a word, because his wife Stella suicide committed by year before. Anna is the one who ultimately finds a way to communicate with the enemy dumb old fool - and, moreover, reveals that he was pretending to be deaf and property all these years - a living «Malade Imaginaire». This will lead to her playing the biggest role of his own life to reveal a dark secret that led to the complete withdrawal of Walentin in life and reality. Villa "Rai-Paranoia", although the tradition of Molière, from which it partially gets moving, multi-layer, continuous-comic psycho-drama that literally has something for everyone, and you only need proper placement to achieve a kind of general international coverage it deserves. Alex Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
