Hot, dramatic, riveting, like flamenco itself, the film is amazing. It is set to the music of Bizet's immortal. Original music written and performed by one of the greatest classical guitarists, a leading proponent of the modern style of flamenco Paco de Lucía, who plays the music of the same name. The legendary flamenco dancer and choreographer Antonio Gades with / wrote and directed this fantastic version of the famous Georges Bizet / Prosper Merimee novella / Opera. He plays the main character, Antonio, a famous dancer / choreographer, working on retelling the story of Carmen in the style of flamenco, which combines dance, singing and rhythmic hand clapping, and has a highly-charged level of dynamics, which handles a huge audience. <, Br /> <br /> A brilliant and elegant Cristina Hoyos which technical perfection meets elegant artistry of her dancing shines in a supporting role. Hoyos was the first dancer to Hades company for twenty years (1968-1988), and she was the protagonist of three films, Carlos Saura from Hades three big shows: "Bodas de the Sangre" (1978), "Carmen" (1983) and " el Amor Brujo "(1985). Gorgeous Laura del Sol young dancer by the name of Carmen, in which Antony sees at first sight another Carmen, which was immortalized by two French writer Prosper Merimee in his most famous novel written in 1846, which inspired the world Bizet's famous opera-comique version 1875 . <br /> <br /> As in the opera, and in the story, Carmen film Sauro desirable and deadly, rock end, which must be free above all else. She could not tolerate the relative love anyone, and would prefer to die performance. There are about 50 film adaptations of stories and an opera on the screen, as well as different as they are, they all have in common is the only possible tragic end. Film Sauro / Hades is unique as the most sensual of all and really Spanish. I fell in love with her from the first time I saw him more than twenty years ago, and it is a special and beautiful today as it was then. Highly recommended.
