Undoubtedly, one of the greatest masterpieces of John Ford's Young Mr. Lincoln went virtually unnoticed at the time of its initial release, it is not surprising, because the year was 1939, when many of the greatest films in the history of cinema as a whole have been released, including the most mythical West in history of the genre, John Ford's Stagecoach milestone, and many others, such as Gone with the wind, The Wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith goes to Washington, who took the Oscar in the category of single Young Mr. Lincoln was nominated for that original script. <br /> <br /> It is still the most underrated film of Ford for many years to come is destined to fade away in the shade of other masterpieces of John Ford, but by the end of 1950, the American and European critics and historians took hold of a note written by the legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein on Young Mr. Lincoln, where he praised him and admitted that if he only had the opportunity to send any American film ever made until then, it would be Yang, of course, John Ford, Mr. Lincoln. Struck by such undoubted preference of Eisenstein, critics began to watch the film again, but only with slightly different eyes and the reputation of the film increases since then. <br /> <br /> It was not the first time the life of one of the most legendary American president was brought to the screen. At the beginning of the 1930s, Griffith did it in his Abraham Lincoln and the same year as the film Ford, MGM released one of John Cromwell called Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Interestingly enough both of them were based on a very successful Broadway Stage Play released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> As for the John Ford films are concerned, we can easily find a lot of references to the life and actions, and even the death of the mythical figures of Lincoln in several works of the director, such as the 1924 or The Iron Horse 1936 The Prisoner of Shark Island, the second, as well as young Mr. Lincoln, used as the main theme song Lincoln's favorite song. - Dixie <br /> <br /> scenario, based on the previously mentioned stages of the game, and the biography of Lincoln was written by Lamar Trotta in cooperation with John Ford, which was quite a rare thing for Ford to do, but the end result was just great - the script of combining elements of the game with a few historical facts, and the myths and legends about the beginning of life and legal practice of Abraham Lincoln culmination cheerful, but mostly heart-rending scenes of the trial, which is the highest point of the film and the main generator of laughter and tears, where Lincoln Abar anyae two young brothers accused of murder and must Devi ea way to help his mother, too, when she appeared in court as a witness and, where the prosecutor (played by Donald Meek) requires her to show what one of her sons to the actually committed the murder, apparently ordered her before making an impossible choice condemning to death one and let live. <br /> <br /> as a whole, it is very touching, heart warms and even funny film from a fine performance by Henry Fonda in his highly characteristic of Abraham Lincoln and with an overwhelming abundance of other characters, regardless of how little or how much they are embodied from the beautiful and intelligent script and conducted by John Ford's genius abilities in one of his best deliveries ever. Definite must see for everyone. 10/10
