My intuition is that a director can bring on the material that needs just the right push in the right direction. Young Mr. Lincoln is filled with some "old-fashioned" values ​​which, in retrospect, despite the two-dimensional image, at least more solid than done one can see in the defense in the current movie. What makes it work so well, as it does, in all its simplicity and greatness, it is that it is really big room drama sessions in the form of a history lesson. <br /> <br /> We all know Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president, who has made the liberation and after the civil war, was killed. But as a lawyer in his early years, he was a charismatic, funny in the most unexpected places, and a true gentleman. He is not some superhero that can do no wrong (it was only fear of the Funds in before signing), but the figure of the possible disadvantages that surpassed his innate goodness and clear vision of good and evil. <br /> <br /> it is enough to say that John Ford is exceptional as the narrator almost without trying. In fact, it's a lie, he tried, but he does this kind of effort in the studio system; he was an independent manner, and at the same time delighting Zanuck, so it was pretty much left alone to his own low-volume practice "editing in camera," and not moving it around, so as not to flinch away from history. It is this power of the conventional wisdom that somehow works hand in hand with the material as a kind of companion piece to a full-blooded Americana in 1939, as seen in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (only here it is the law, not politics). <br /> <br /> Fonda is terrific in his first lead with Ford and never lets us lose sight of Lincoln by make-up and additional increase in the shoe. Self Funds, in a sense, as it would in the Grapes of Wrath and My Darling Clementine, out in the nature of Lincoln's. However unlikely it may be, no one from that period, which could play him then: he is a mature and wise, but have the gumption to prove that he was in this case rolled on-wood that-but-if-it murder case. <br /> <br /> only in small pieces, like the last shot, which imposes Lincoln walked along the road with his monument, and a few small specimens during this big parade scene in the early stage, it seems fairly outdated. With regard to the goals set by the young Mr. Lincoln, there were met by Ford and his crew and actors; it is not false, as one might think, he came in, and he's got a strong balance of humor and pathos of this.
