In his otherwise excellent book, the Lincoln in American Memory, historian Merrill Peterson calls Young Mr.Lincoln «sad, terrible movie." It's amazing just confuses the analysis shows that great historians rarely fine film critic. I have been working on his doctoral dissertation on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of my preparation for the writing of the thesis, I made a thorough analysis of this film, and Tag Gallaghers brilliant interpretation of it in his seminal book on Ford. Young Mr. Lincoln appears that the culmination of the first phase of cinematic authorship Ford 1939.In, that the greatest of Hollywood years, Ford has put three beautiful, still not fully appreciated movies: Drums Along the Mohawk, Stagecoach and young Mr.Lincoln, It it may seem strange that Stagecoach are not fully appreciated all but the most short-sighted critic must accept that this is one of the greatest westerns, and perhaps even one of the hundred greatest films of all time. However, what is not well understood that these three films are working together as a kind of trilogy, a triptych, in fact. Ford creates a sort of mythical American history on the screen. Drums Along the Mohawk is the revolutionary war. Young Mr.Lincoln is a pre-Civil War America.Finally, Stagecoach this message Civil War America. The fact that the three films have in common that they are a long meditation on the American Adam and his "errand into the wilderness." What are the mental and social costs of the American Manifest destiny as America seeks to build a new human city in the desert? Lincoln symbolizes America Travel, as it seeks to reconcile civilization inmpulse (the law), with the freedom wilderness.Young Mr.Lincoln Sun story (it is full of historical «howlers'-and both Ford and Trotti knew well), but a myth. This Lincoln, a symbol of justice and mercy, Lincoln a man in the desert, mknuchysya establish a civilization in itself, and to become "a great legislator" young America. Young Mr. Lincoln is not a history as long-forgotten teleplay James Agee in about Lincoln and how Sandburgs biography, is an epic poem ... very pretty epic.
