It is a fascinating "history" of the FBI, but it should be seen as fiction, because that's exactly what it is. What else could it be, when J. Edgar Hoover personally approved and had a cameo role in the production. James Stewart is great, as usual, and the supporting cast for mediocre Vera Miles, except, that is good. Murray Hamilton is especially good in a supporting role as a partner of Stewart's best friend. FBI Achievements that key moments of the film, of course, all this is true. What is important is that he comes from. <br /> <br /> One of the most shameful parts of the film is a depiction of the assassination of John Dillinger. He is portrayed largely as it happened, but no mention is made of no Porvis, head of the Chicago office who led the operation. Instead, the operation is portrayed as fictional Chip Hardesty was launched it. As it has been said that Hoover was jealous of the publicity that received Purvis after Dillinger was killed; Purvis was then transferred to a remote outpost, and shortly thereafter left the FBI. This is undoubtedly why Purvis is never mentioned in the film. But this viewer, at least, paused to think that if Purvis was treated in such a way that all of the agents who carried out all other operations depicted in the film. Were they also completely ignored and replaced with false Hardesty. <br /> <br /> The film will probably do in his portrayal of FBI activities through the end of the Second World War. However, after this point, the film would have us believe that the only threat to the United States came from the international communism, that is not no doubt believed that Hoover. Nothing mafia. Do not take in the lynching of the head, which is still going on in the south. No matter what the blacks were intimidated to prevent them from voting in most parts of the South. I do not know when the FBI began wiretapping of Martin Luther King by the time this film was made, but if not, it was not very long after it started. <br /> <br /> As I said at the outset, this is quite good fun, but it should be seen as a fictionalization sanitized, it's there.
