With the death of her husband May infirm elderly woman looks to the future urban world, which sees it as invisible, dead from the neck down, and undesirable in the pseudo-sophisticated yuppie homes of her son Bobby and his shallow wife Helen and Paul, A self- absorbed, clings, and minimally talented daughter. Central family nothing but warm, friendly, and understanding her new and tragic scenes in the life of the death of her husband. Mother quiet character study, which shows up as in some societies, Senior father as undesirable and care for adult children, whose career and status seeking overshadow everything else. <br /> <br /> In May, he begins to realize that the world is still important to her lonely widow finds her libido is awakened and live with her daughter's boyfriend, carpenter and rough grading. I can embark on a desert sexual affair with Darren, the character sympathetic to her at first, but it quickly reveals the imperfections of women through pressures that surround it. <br /> <br /> It's kind of the role of Hollywood actresses of a certain age, whining is never written to them but will never appear, so the sincerity of the movie, open sexuality, unpopular wardrobe, a little makeup, and social commentary on vapidness with society most women film industry itself are enchrenched. Speech leading actress Anne Reid ranges from quiet to the frivolous and interpretation of colors on the screen of the gray widow sexually alive and liberated middle-aged women without a face-lift, liposuction and hair extensions. It reveals more than her soul on the screen. <br /> <br /> Daniel Craig is a favorable economic manager, Derrek that bed and mother, and daughter. He finds himself in another stellar performance, which is particularly sympathetic to the widow of the situation, but in the end, without compensation, as his true nature to unfold, and he literally rooster in the henhouse. His aimless character inability to say no to his ex-wife, boring girlfriend, and her mother accused him radically inefficient existence. While good with his hands for the construction of a winter garden, it is unable to construct meaning in their lives. <br /> <br /> One of the best films from the UK in years, it's just an adult in his storyline. The mother of a rare type of film that may be too honest for the American audience to tolerate not having a car chase or chic or rap soundtrack to drown out the speech nerd TV starlets and buffs studmuffins. Mother reflects how the aging of the baby boomers are now disposable people, the descendants want to lose sight of, sent to a nursing home, and out of the way. Can not know what to do, how it comes to life, Darren, do not want to go to the old home and finds her children are more conservative than it ever was at their age.
