After the Super Friends and the Scooby-Doo Saturday morning left the airwaves in the fall of 1986, I pretty much stopped watching Saturday morning cartoons at this point, since they were the only two who kept me tuned. And since neither the Ghostbusters real, nor flint children seemed to be very promising for me, I "retired" and began to sleep on Saturday morning. I just got back on Saturday morning television in 1988 for this year only one and only one of the animated show. <br /> <br /> New animated show Superman was something I was not going to miss. I was 17 and in high school at the time, but so what! I loved this show. From what I remember, this series was a gift to fans, I provide in honor of the 50th birthday of Superman that particular year. This was the theme of music and musical style, reminiscent of John Williams film score from the films Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve Superman. I honestly felt that the animation style reminiscent of the Ruby Spears did superpowers Team: Galactic Guardians series Hannah Barbera a few years ago. Unfortunately, Danny Dark did not return as Superman, but I felt After Weaver did a very poor job as the voice of Superman and Clark Kent was braking as version Chris Reeve. After hearing it, Reed Richards / Mr. Fantastic at 90 Fantastic Four, I could still see this version of Superman in my mind. Ginny McSwain, Lois Lane. LOL! That rhyme. It was the voice of the director of Hanna Barbera and Ruby Spears, and I believe that she took it upon himself to make Lois. Memories of stuck in this Super Friends series, when he came to the voice over cast. Jimmy Olsen, Mark Taylor, who was formerly in the Super Friends Firestorm. Perry White is none other than former Batman TV writer Stanley Ralph Ross, at Gorilla Grodd was a Super Friends and the show Brainiac superpowers. And Lex Luthor is now a wise cracking billionaire tycoon is not nothing but a voice alum Super friends, Michael Bell, which I know best as Zan and the Riddler, as well as many other characters in many other series. <br /> <br /> I felt the series was a combination of the movie along with the post-crisis Superman John Byrne again ENVISION Superman to Lex Luthor as the billionaire tycoon, Jonathan and Martha Kent live to see Clark as Superman, Tim and Bruce Series Lois and Clark also will not do it. Unfortunately, we never saw Brainiac, Bizarro, Toyman, metal or Darkseid. Besides Luthor, we have seen only a joker and we saw General Zod. I especially liked that one episode of Wonder Woman, who is voiced over BJ Ward, who played it on the Super Powers Team as well. <br /> <br /> Episodes broke, and I also enjoyed the growth and development of Clark history from infancy to childhood to adolescence to adulthood moving to Metropolis in a short segment of Superman Family Album. <br /> <br /> Only two things I do not like. It lasted only one season. And after Wonder Woman guest spot, I had hoped that Batman will turn up the voice of Adam West (still thinking about episodes team superpowers, I think). I, too, hoped for it, because Prankster episode, Metropolis baseball team was pitted against Gotham Goliath. <br /> <br /> Every popular Super Hero has one animated series, which is an ultra rare. For SpiderMan, I feel that it is one thousand nine hundred eighty-one solo series, which was shown at the same time, as strange friends. For Incredible Hulk, this 1982 cartoon. For the Fantastic Four, is a series of one thousand nine hundred seventy-eight with robot Herbie. For Batman, this new adventures of Batman Filmation in 1977 with the participation of Beth-Mighty. But for Superman, the series is a rare one. <br /> <br /> Superman books and documentaries never cover or mention. This is another series, the World Bank should consider the DVD release. Overall, this 1988 version of Superman's super good .... !!
