As directorial debut Jack Nicholson, Drive, he said, shows at least that he was a talented director of actors. Even if this story may seem to lose their way to the audience (and to a modern audience - if they can find it, which pops up now and again on the eBay - it may seem more easily formed than they think), the film contains a bright, interesting characterization. The film tells the story of two children, college: the protagonist Hector (William Tepper, to what extent in the breakout), the star of leopards, the college basketball team that he plays. Despite the fact that he is dealing with a coach (Bruce Dern), which puts on the pressure, to stay focused, both on and off girlfriend (Karen Black) with their own emotional problems, there is Gabriel (michael margott), another child . Gabriel seems to be just a little more than shocked by the possibility of being complicated, and therefore, in their radical mind he will do what he can to not start. But as Hector tries to find a balance between his impending fame and those whom he loves, Gabrielle is going to the threshold of common sense. <br /> <br /> Nicholson, on the technical side of things, it reveals the fascinating style of editing which keeps things on the edge during the basketball scene and the device darkness in many other scenes with documentary-feel throughout. And by Tepper, black, and even Robert Towne (Chinatown author, Last Detail, and Mission Impossible, among others, who rarely works) he gathers some fine acting job. Although there is a tendency to underestimate the Tepper emotions. In some scenes, such as when he could act brilliantly sarcastic, he does not play it for what it is worth. With Margotta, on the other hand, is a living, soaring strength in his performance, and he leaves it's scary, but it can be understood from the time (and that menopause). Dern steals most of the scenes with his participation, by the way, in the work, which should collect him an Oscar nomination. Each line of dialogue, it is suitable, however, and he never hammed up, as in the recent movie appearances coach. <br /> <br /> But what drags down the movie is that the elements comprising the symbols are not explained to the extent that one may wish to more. The film is based on a novel by Jeremy Larner, who co-wrote the script with Nicholson, and I expected that the film will be greater than it was. It is a slim volume with a lot of information about the time, about sports, about the underlying feelings that were with those of the younger generation. Nicholson presents us with these characters and situations, and rarely do they have shown that their motivation (anti-war protesters are not included, they are often quite clear). Gabriel outraged by what is happening in Vietnam, but what else is there? Hector, too, is a guy who has concerns about developed for the NBA, and he still loves to play, but what holds him back? The whole atmosphere is intriguing, as late as the 60s college experience / basketball was, but an intriguing quality that really leads to some unusual, stored in a place where he can not go too much further. In general, the effect of the film as a whole bitter taste, and a few memorable for his good points, but not low for him. And, of course, you can tell who is behind the lens every step of the way. B +
