It is absolutely amazing to watch the movie. Using digital technology, the director, Rohmer, literally encrusted his life actors in the painted backdrops. Most of the time it works brilliantly, especially in the beginning, where the film is pop history books come alive. It is less successful in a few scenes, where it limits camera angles (they are not painted on the side of some buildings, for example), but it is a very interesting way to shoot a period film that is as much about our own mistakes and limited views history as the most history. They say using the memoirs of ex-mistress of the Duke of Orleans, Grace Elliott. Thus, the event is usually claimed as one of their own Marxist historians, especially in France, there is narrated from the point of view of female aristocratic foreigner. Inevitably, there is another point of view, there can not be a fair presentation. Using memoirs device really gives the film, and episodic quality. Personally, I found the storyline surrounding the death of the King of the fun. Stable royalists she is shocked when Dick vote for the death of the King (basic knowledge of the French Revolution, it may be useful to adhere to dialogue between Grace and the Duke here. He was a cousin of Louis and had themselves elected to the Assembly, where he quickly changed his name to Philip equality) . Shooting death of Louis brilliantly. Grace and her maid in Meudon, Paris, watching from the hill with the telescope. We do not see the execution, we only hear comments maid, Grace. The most striking event of the revolution going on outside of the screen. Grace could not look her king will be killed. Her point of view is that of the aristocracy. Any excuse for the death of Louis just for its vision. This is a powerful, highly intelligent film. The love story between the Duke and Grace Sun hinted, did not speak, and powerfully moving (tho Duke seems a bit pompous fool at times, making it there is no accounting for taste?). Underwater madness (just exist to be enough to be suspect) that sweep the individuals together at the time, such as the revolution shows how the life of Grace is turned upside down, her home was ransacked every day, but it's still orders his servants to prepare it food and not being able to dress up herself! If you have any interest at all in a slim, well-told film that makes clever use of new technology to tell an old story, or presenting key moment in Europe's history, narrated aristocratic foreigner, her long an outsider, it is worth your time . It's a little slow in places, but your patience is richly rewarded.
