Renamed from the original Japanese name Laputa (for being an offensive phrase, then, that the director Hayao Miyazaki did not notice at the time), Castle in the Sky is the third film of the master animator, and this is one of his most favorite of all time. Initially frustrated office window in his release in 1986, since then it has been received by critics and audiences around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's "Gulliver's Travels", Castle in the Sky is a steampunk-themed adventure story about two young orphans - young miner Paz and mysterious girl sieve (which has a magic crystal around her neck) - who come together to find long-lost island of Laputa, which is rumored to have great riches and gems. They are helped by the band still pretty clumsy hijackers in a section with an angry Dolomite (which in the first hunt them, but it turns out to be true allies) and pursued by the government headed by her criminal top-secret agent, Muska, who wants the power of Laputa for their own benefit. <br /> <br /> for those looking for a fun way to spend two hours, this film is an excellent choice, showing just the right amount of humor, intelligence, surprise and mystery to keep one interested. The work, though not as impressive as some of Miyazaki's later films, is fantastic and quite magnificent to look imaginative characters and locations is incredibly exciting scenes and breathtaking flying sequences that will make one feel dizzy. And while the characters that inhabit the story less complicated than other works of Miyazaki, each of them has a catchy, conquers the person who stays with the viewer long after the film has ended. Graves, in particular, makes a terrific comic character, calling her son-minded at one moment and be protected Sieve follow. Muska is one of the few works of Miyazaki ever faced as an irredeemable villain, but as Dol, he commands every scene he is in sinister charisma that is both attractive and chilly. <br /> <br /> Anime fans often compared this film to a sci-fi adventure series GAINAX in Nadia: Secret of Blue Water. In the end, both works have a similar plot and character elements ... not to mention the fact that both of them were created by Miyazaki. If they differ in their performance. By NADIA, though charming, for the most part, I suffered from making a wrong turn in its mid-point, in a cartoon Laying nonsense that all but distracted from the main story, even if it had a strong ending. Castle in the Sky, on the other hand, is always interesting and focused on it two hours of time, and all the better for it. While the epic tone of the film is sometimes divided into several "cartoony" moments like the fight between the boss and one of the sons of Dolan in the groove, it is never to such a degree that it detracts from the film. <br /> <br /> About eleven years ago, Disney has released the English version of the methane big names such as James Van Der Beek, Anna Paquin, Leachman, Mark Hamill, Patinkin, as well as some occasional performances from veterans like Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. It also has an ambitious reworking the musical score for the performance of Joe Hisaishi music orchestra Seattle (interestingly, the man behind this rescore not that other, as the composer himself). As much as the purists call blasphemy with this version for its random additional dialogue and the aforementioned rescore, Miyazaki had no such problems; in fact, he is said to have applauded trouble, and for good reason, because again rewritten the music is really the star of the new duplicate. While there are some instances where some filling critially quiet scenes from the original Japanese little rattles (in particular, a journey through the storm clouds swarm dragon), common alteration is fantastic and greatly improves the original, especially in the scenes for example, if the robot attacks fortress and climatic moments until the end. Here Hisaishi shows his musical versatility and genius for matching visual music. <br /> <br /> As for the performances are duplicated, the findings are likely on the short end of the stick; Paz James Van Der Beek sounds much more mature than his character, while Sita Anna Paquin says to the odd accent that fluctuates at times (the problems that actually work for the benefit of nature). However, both do a good job in general and ensure a fairly believable chemistry throughout. It is a lively supporting cast, however, that actually do this dub so much fun, especially Dol Leachman and Mark Hamill in Muska. Both are perfectly cast and steal every scene they are in; As with rescore, these two really deserve to hear dubbing Disney. The adaptation of the script is bordered by liberal times - there is quite a bit of additional lines and / or comments (some of which are priceless funny and others somewhat exaggerated) - but on the side of at least one controversial alteration (it Sieve in the highest showdown "The world can not live without love," as opposed to the original "can not survive separately from Mother Earth"), common symbols, history, and spirit remain quite faithful to the original. In general, it makes no sense to compare the version of Disney in the original language track; everyone puts their stamp on this legendary masterpiece, and I love them both. (In addition, they are better than the Streamline / JAL-x more literal, but a bogey robotic, lifeless, acted miserably and poorly written adult dub from the end of the 1980s, anyone who says that this version is "above" Disneys not believe - believe me, the opposite is true) <br /> <br /> Either way, though, you can not go wrong with a castle in the sky.. This is one of Miyazaki's most consistently, and I highly recommend it.
