the second feature film by Hayao Miyazaki, and the first one to be widely known and commercially and critically (although his debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind is considered by many fans of his best), AKA «Tenku no Wide Rapyuta» «Castle heaven 'may seem childish and simplistic in comparison to his later masterpieces as "service Kiki's Delivery service", "Mononoke-hime" and "Spirited Away", but in 1986 it was years ahead of its time, and it was one of the milestones modern anime. It is important to remember that the "Castle in the Sky" was made two years before the revolutionary "Akira," and, although it is not provocative and ambiguous, as the aforementioned masterpiece, leading all the characters are basically the main characters of the manga hero / heroine / type of villain, and history quite predictable and obvious (at least to the current standards), Miyazaki design and animation work are standards never seen before. Although the history and humor a bit ridiculous and outdated then, the film is still very interesting and very nice - if not breathtaking, as "Gone." And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of ourselves cadres and ignore the low-budget painting and animation and twin person - in that moment Miyazaki still faithful to its roots and agreed standards of Japanese cartoons - you will see a brilliant shine Miyazaki through the same way as it does on "Gone" and Mononoke. While the "Castle in the Sky", as the sci-fi adventure, and very suitable for children, suitable neater with classic anime than anything else he had done so, his motives and principles still shows and plays an important role. To say more would ruin the film, so I kindly shut up. Suffice it to say that I give him only nine stars, because if I'd give him ten I could not go any higher "Gone" and "Princess Mononoke". And it would be a crime <br /> <br /> As with most anime films, I recommend looking at the Japanese with English subtitles, even if you do not speak a word of Japanese. - English overlay is simply no "t usually very good, and in this case it's just terrible. You can see it in the English version once, though, just for fun, and for a stellar cast (English dub was recorded only after the success of "Gone," as it was "Kiki's Delivery Service") - Anna Paquin and James Van Der BIC (Yes, Dawson man) to fill the main roles, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker out! "Star wars", if you do not) play a villain, and other roles filled by Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Monk Toucan with Robin Hood parody Kevin Costner) and Patinkin (Hello, my name Inigo Montoya ...) Good for a few laughs or laugh really. But watching the Japanese one first.
