It is always difficult to put a seal on any film, as "the best" Do all the time, a certain genre, or what have you, but I believe that a strong argument can be made that, in fact, Laputa is the biggest animated film ever made. This is in my opinion a masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented of the Japanese animation directors, and that best reflects its strengths as a filmmaker, storyteller and designer, as well as encapsulation of all his favorite themes, the underlying. Version I review is a 2003 American dub (I know, sacrilege for hardcore anime fans to watch it entirely in their native language); there is at least one other language dubbing of English there, I had to VHS (I have no idea what the source), and this version is the single best dub I've ever come across any movie. But I thought it best to focus on the version people can actually find. <br /> <br /> Laputa tells the story of a boy named Paz (voiced by James Van Der Beek here), who grew up in the mining town, when one day, a young girl named Sita (Anna Paquin) literally falls from the sky. It seems that she pursued sinister government agent, Col. Muska (Mark Hamill), which is more interested in the magic crystal that hangs on her neck. In order to keep things alive, there is also outrageously funny pirate gang after Crystal, led aging, but still noisy Dol (Lichmno). The plot revolves around the ability of the crystal to locate the legendary floating city of Laputa, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge, and hidden treasures. This is all very much in keeping with the installation fabulous, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far to take the story, and the plot is replete with moments of "Wow Gosh" and screw with his usual morality and prevention of abuse of the power of nature. <br /> <br /> design work on Laputa, almost twenty years later, is still revolutionary. Aircraft of all kinds abound, it is impossible, but so carefully designed that you immediately take them without blinking. The world is somewhere around the beginning of the twentieth century, with the telegraph and ancient cars next to impossible these wonderful aircraft. But the city itself, which is pure brilliance in execution; Laputa is like the Garden of Eden and the Fire of Heaven, and this opposition is his appeal, his strength and his danger. <br /> <br /> In addition to being well-designed and beautifully rendered film Laputa is blessed with a great sense of cinema. By sweeping arrows flying at high speed chase on a tiny sole flyer ships sinking in the clouds, as if they were vodom, Laputa shows the amount that most movies ?? even with the magic of CGI ?? can only dream about. Although we see only a small part of this world, its simple elegance extends beyond the frame, and we have no problem suggesting it. The film also contains one of my favorite, if not the most exciting, action sequences ever: a guardian robot, which fell to Earth accidentally reactivated and damaging the fortress it is stored, constantly trying to protect Sieve (who was the one who woke him up ). Meanwhile, the groove and the pirates throw their small aircraft to snatch her, literally, from the jaws of defeat. From the terrible robot eyes burn the countryside in a thrilling last second escape, the entire sequence is a masterpiece of sync and camera angles and knowing exactly how far to take the audience. <br /> <br /> It helps that Laputa is an amazing account. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the charming beauty of this world, dewy innocence, exciting action, and a terrible otherworldly floating city and its eccentric robot guardian. Although he again recorded for this DVD release (which IMO is not an improvement over its original score) by adding bits here and there, the assessment corresponds to the visual fun, full of rare union of sound and vision. <br /> <br /> This is not a bad dubbing. I very much like a senior English dub, and this is one more or explains things just a bit in spots, but I was almost shocked how well those voices are the same (and those who correspond to the Japanese is very good). Graves, in particular, it is difficult to get right, but Leachman spots on both the fiery old pirate woman (her sons were not as good as the original). Paquin does a good job as Sita, and Mark Hamill, while I knew that his early, more than enough talent to make Muska (I liked the other English dubbing Muska a little more, but well Hamill). Much of the film rests on the shoulders of the groove, and Van Der Beek is excellent. Listening to him made me think that the crew should have access to other English dubbing, because the VDB coincided very closely with the original groove. While again playing the dub is grounds for excommunication among otaku believers, just as I love this movie, I do not think you're sacrificing a lot just by watching this particular anglicized version. John Lassiter Pixar entered his front, and my suspicion is that he, like many others, simply love this movie so much that they tried very hard to ensure its high quality. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki had success in America in recent years, with Mononoke and Spirited Away (one of his few films that I do not take care of), but I still Laputa his crown. Anyone who is familiar with his later work will almost certainly enjoy this earlier work, and, again, this film is a master at the top of his form by hitting on every cylinder. I would pay a lot of money to be able to see it on the big screen; while that probably will not happen, it's good to know that, at least, is the classic preserved on DVD.
