By now, you've probably heard a little bit about the new Disney movie classic dub Miyazaki, Laputa: Castle In The Sky. During the late summer of 1998, Disney released "Kiki's Delivery Service" in the video, which included pre-dubbing Laputa saying that it was due to "one thousand nine hundred ninety-nine". It's obviously way past this year now, but the dubbing was finally completed. And it's not "Laputa: Castle in the Sky", a "castle in the sky" for dubbing, as Laputa is not such a good word in Spanish (even if they use the word Laputa many times during dubbing). You also probably heard that the world-famous composer Joe Hisaishi, who killed the film was originally returned to rescore beautiful music with new arrangements. Laputa came to My Neighbor Totoro and after Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind, which began Studio Ghibli, and it is a long string of hits. And in my opinion, I think it's one of the best films of Miyazaki with a powerful lesson in this tuckered for two hours and four minutes of gem. Laputa: Castle in the sky movie for all ages, and I encourage everyone to see it <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with the history of the castle in the sky, he begins at the beginning, and does not stop. the next two hours. The narrative is so faultless and skillfully worked out, you see the true vision of Miyazaki. And believe me, this is a fantastic one. The film begins with a sieve, a girl from a very past, it is now a prisoner of the government on the airship. Sita holds the key to Laputa, the castle in the sky, and long-vanished civilization. The key to Laputa is sacred pendants she requested many, namely the government, military and air piracy group, Dolan gang (which Sita and slot later to make friends). Soon, the pirates attack ships, and she runs away during the raid. She falls several thousand feet, but the fall is mild and due to its pendant. When she swims down from Heaven, Paz, an orphan who survives by working in the mines, see the Sieve and catches it. The two became close friends, but thanks to her pendant, the two get caught up in a huge thrill ride as a gang Dolan and the government are trying to capture, Sita. One sequence after another, we learn all the motives and identity of the character, as we build the emotional and action packed climax that is sure to please everyone with its fantastic animation and excellent dialogue. Plus a few twisty surprise. I think this movie is excellent and not to delay two hours and four minutes of runtime. The history of the beautiful, the peak in the animation of Hayao Miyazaki, which has no restrictions. Installing the combo of film many time periods. This seems to take place at the end of the 1800s, but it was some alternante universe, which has advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also surprisingly funny film. The film has a lot of funny moments, almost equal to the drama and action of the film holds. I think the funniest part of the fight scene where the groove boss faces off against a pirate, and shortly after a riot breaks out. It's funny how we see that people compare their strength and the music fits in perfectly with it. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about how to duplicate the rates. Excellent cast give excellent performances, to bring these characters to life. Teen heartthrob James Van Der Beek plays Paz hero who has a much more mature voice in the Japanese version, which in the original, he sounded more like a child. In any case, I think his voice is well-suited to the groove. Anna Paquin, the young Oscar winner with "piano", plays Sita. It is also a good performance, but the voice is a bit uneven, it does not remain faithful to a single focus. Sometimes it sounds as American as apple pie, but at other times it sounds like someone from New Zealand. Performance I liked best, but was Coris Leachman, who played the mother Dolan. Moreover, it was a great performance, but the voice and the emotions it gives character really brings it to life. If you ever live action film Laputa (G-d forbid), it will be the one to play it, you can just imagine her in the role (well, several). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is another maximum rate performance Hamill. You may be familiar with Hamill from a long line of voice work after he made the original Star Wars movie, but it makes up the complete evil Muska. His voice sounds like his regular voice, and the combination of the Joker, which he played for many scenes in the animated series Batman. Completes the cast is the character's voice actor Jim Cummings, who makes a great, rough work as a general and Andy Dick and Mandy Dolan Patakin members of the gang. <br /> <br /> Now let me talk about what really makes it special dub, recently organized the music of Joe Hisaishi in! For those who have never heard of it, Mr. Hisaishi makes the music and all the films of Miyazaki, the music is very catchy. Each of its evaluation has its own personality, which fits a particular film is excellent. Now, these new arrangements it made more "as the US" I think that was the purpose of the new entries. Do not worry, classical melodies Japanese version is still here, in great shape. Price seems to me to be organized as a Hollywood blockbuster. It has more power, it is more attention is clearer and deeper. the prologue of the film, the first few seconds when we are introduced to the airship has some new music (I'm not sure, but I believe that when we first saw the ships there was no music at all). But much of the music has a new backdrops and more background music to enjoy. Things seem to be much improved. In a powerful scene, music is more stronger than the original version. In a quiet scene, it's more relaxed. Overall, I think many of you will be pleased with the new arrangements N. mixes, I really made myself, and personally I think that it helps to improve the film. I prefer the new account to the old, and I hope that Disney will release or license music right to the full soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another plus side the dubbing, the story is true, and many original Japanese lines intact. In Kiki, I'm sure a few lines that have changed, and it is the same line has been changed. But most of them are similar whether the original line and dialogues written by Miyazaki. I was afraid that some fine lines will be killed, but they were there intact. Some of the new lines have been added, as well as free. But I'm not sure whether you can be considered good or bad, Disney did not translate the end of the song, it was in Japanese. I was disappointed when they did completely new songs for dubbing Kiki, but this version is the original song ... in Japanese. So I think it's good, it's still the original, but it is bad, since most people who see this DUB talking in English. <br /> <br /> There is a big downside of this dub, and it concerns how to combine voice's lips. Of course, in any dubbing will not be perfect, but I think that Kiki and Mononoke rewriting lines to match were much better performed (and Disney was a little more time with that ...). Some of the time fits perfectly, while not completely match recently, and in rare cases, someone says something and the lips do not move at all (there is a scene where Sita giggles and her mouth is not moving one bit). <br /> <br /> how much things about the movie, these are my thoughts. I think the most amazing part was Laputa animation. With the opening sequence to the final animation is so gorgeous and detailed, you just have to look in awe. You can see the true nature of each character, the true item to your face with extreme close ups and action. You have to give a ton of credit for the effort that these animators put into this film. Everything is so well made and beautifully painted, it's like moving a piece of art. And to think, this was done in the mid-1980s. Animation is quite different from Disney, Ghibli has its own distinctive flash, which is very different, but very good. And after all these years, the colors look as vibrant as ever. Laputa also has a lot of action sequences, a plurality of flat, plus a few fights on the ground. These sequences are so well done and so intriguing, it is terrible that they are comparable with the big budget action film. And the ending is only what you need to see. The sound effects are clean and classic fit and explosions, gun shooting and everything else is good. And, like all the films of Miyazaki, each of which focuses on a different theme (i.g. Kiki: self-confidence). This one has a great lesson about greed and power. People do not understand how greed can take on you, and it has too much power is not good. People are obsessed with power and greedy, and the main villain, Muska, significantly shows this <br /> <br /> In general, Laputa: Castle. In The Sky was a great movie to begin with, and now improved for the most part. I am delighted that a wider audience now have the opportunity to see this classic animated film in all its glory is. With a great voice cast that put a lot into a film with excellent scores converted by Joe Hisaishi, Disney has done a good job of it and duplicate gangbusters. Although I think that the voices matched their mouths better in doubles and Kiki Disney Princess Mononoke, Castle in the Sky is still large dub and worth a long delay, because now can expierence fantastic film.
