No matter what personal opinion may be one of Walerian Borowczyk grotesque yet beautiful gemstone «La Bete" in 1975, we must admit that this quaint stone is absolutely unique cinematic experience. Borowczyk erotic tale was banned in several countries for a long time, and it is quite clear why this controversial stone was the victim of censors stuporoznyh film. «La bête» is a fascinating mixture of intense and beautiful fairy-tale atmosphere, quite obviously genuine eroticism and strangeness, who bravely refuse to accept any compromises. The fact that beastiality (varieties) is one of the central themes of the film was, of course, will not help him censors, but he did it very controversial and therefore known to a wider audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l 'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), head of the French aristocratic family, gave him some crazy son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) to marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisset Hummel ), a young and beautiful daughter of a wealthy English family. Because of the old curse, Mathurin uncle (in Marseille gave) is strictly against the wedding. When Lucy and her mother to come to the French real estate, Lucy immediately get enthusiastic with the portrait of an ancestor of the 18th century Romilda (Sirp Lane), and from the old book, which shows the amazing drawings. History soon descends into a bizarre sexual fever-dream ... I do not giving too much away, I can say that the proponents of exclusive film should not be missing this film. As surprising as it is, "La bête» is undoubtedly also a stunningly beautiful in style, setting and cinematography. Fever-dream-like atmosphere is present intra and sleep-sequences. Manor woods and a large family mansion a splendid setting and a beautiful result and build incredible cinematography overwhelming atmosphere of this grotesque stories. Very obvious sexuality varies from erotic (elegant female nudity, beautiful actresses) seriously insane and even more heinous (major push on horses genitals during sexual intercourse, ...); in any case it is likely to be forgotten there. The entire cast of «La Bete" is fantastic and all the participants to deliver great performance in eccentric characters (some of which are seriously crazy). The film came on the exceptionally beautiful actors, whether Lisbeth Hummel in the lead, the Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who unfortunately died of AIDS in 1999) as an ancestor in the dream sequences, or relatively unknown, but it is especially beautiful actress Paskeyl Rivolta, who He plays the aristocratic daughter, who takes any opportunity to have sex with a black servant in the closet. <br /> <br /> I purposely did not give a full description of the most important parts of the plot, as they just have to be seen to be believed. Some scenes are one of the most bizarre, imprinted on the film, the scene of the same name "animal" certainly be among them. Of course, not everybody's cup of tea, but it is very strongly recommended to fans of the controversial and unusual film. A true cult gems!
