Polish director Walerian Borowczyk La beta (French, 1975, also known as The Beast) is one of the most controversial and challenging films ever made and very different too. This film tells all that is usually hidden and denied our nature and our sexual nature, in particular with the symbolism and imagery of his silence. Images may look wild, perverted, "patient" or interesting, but they are mentioned in relation to last. Sex, desire and death are very strong and the primary things and dominate over all flesh, that has a human soul within him. They temptate interest us so much (and our nature), that they are afraid, is not acceptable and that is too wild to be true. <br /> <br /> Sophisticated young woman travels with her mother in the French countryside to meet it quickly to become a husband, whose letter was from her novel of some sort. All this is very interesting, and the parents and relatives of one another to look forward, to see new people arriving in their families. The innocence of a young bride to shine, and no one knows what can happen and wake up inside the walls of a large and beautiful French mansion, with all his people and animals, as well as the mysterious "la Betia," which is what the characters nor the majority of the viewers of the film, You would never have imagined to be real, and (to) them. <br /> <br /> a film about the same subject as the art debyt Shivers Canadian David Cronenberg (1975), which takes place inside a large luxury building in which the bloody and destructive parasites spread from person to person through sexual contact and cause people to act violently and firmly in their lust for pleasure and fulfillment of instincts. Man has instincts that can be stronger than his will, and that is why these instincts can be just as dangerous and powerful as the instincts of any other animal, beast, whether it is blood lust, revenge, or of sex and bodily pleasure. People only animals who have the intelligence and the tools to pass it, but because we are also animals that intelligence is not always used too much, as can be seen anywhere around us. The film opens strongly, and very shocking to most hypocritic relations, showing horny male horse raging furiously as he waits to get inside the mare and continue the race, but the anger and apparent lust we see from his eyes and violent movements are key elements this beginning, and why it is there, rather than close-ups of bodies, as can be easily maintained. Horse beast who fights in an almost unbearable heat, in the heat, which is much stronger than his will, as he has no control at this point anymore. The strength of the instinct of the beast makes an animal. <br /> <br /> After a memorable beginning, the characters are read, and the film has all the fabulous age groups within it of little innocent children waiting to grow and develop their bloom, adults and elders, all of which are part of their own life expectancy creating face of human life on the screen. The film does not necessarily need more characters, so like all important ones are already there, and represent the entire race, including urban and suburban residents, and both sexes. Mansion makes sexuality wake the main character a girl, she nags horse clutches and acting as she obviously had never thought. For the first time she sees something unique and something that excites and feels almost vital for her and her body, how to get the water, if you are very thirsty. The transformation of women is a very important element in the film, how she lived did not know these things inside it, with his mother and a camera and a sheet-boyfriend, even though all were just waiting for the moment to break out. The flesh lusts of the flesh, and is supposed to be Humanimal, but all these things are not so easy to recognize everywhere and films such as trying to portray is banned for decades? Human stupidity and unwillingness to interpret the images should not be an argument for the ban of the film, or otherwise abused. <br /> <br /> the last 30 minutes of the film, as well as important as in the beginning, and once again show how powerful the movie without unnecessary words and conversations. As she and the audience realizes that her body starts to feel and desire, she begins to dream of the mysterious beast who is none other than to strip form themselves, having lived in the forest without other people / animals next to it, the sequence of the dream is that, causing and caused great controversy with a total direct and honest attitude of the film, and pictures so easy to judge, as "perverse" and "pornographic", without the courage to go deeper into them, the nature of the reaction and thoughts for what we see. Images excite in his sleep, and eventually inside the dream for (more than) the human nature of dreams, and Borowczyk makes us recognize him with images that are as close to "normal" sexual intercourse between a man and a woman, that is a beautiful thing and the expression of love, another human need. Many and sly black humor love making scene in the mansion, between a young mother and a black slave, to receive interrupted many times someone yells servant, for example, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two young man's body to be together and be interrupted by an angry cry, at least, it does not become more pleasant interruption. Borowczyk was able to draw his pictures so beautiful and "sensitive" that his message is almost impossible to wrong, but nothing seems to be impossible for our cultures and minds, who are critical of art. He uses dialogue only when it is necessary, otherwise the images do the job and make a powerful film. <br /> <br /> The death is also there, as the flesh dies sooner or later, after many years of life and instincts, she dies. The ending is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence could just as powerful without the kind of dramatic and "revealing" the ending too. Another element of black humor comes when we see that shaken urban women ran out of the place where they had seen a little more than they were looking for! They visited the house of truth for the flesh, us and them. The film reminds me of the story of the French writer Georges Bataille Oka with his own theme of eroticism, death, and both of them are always connected to the nature of our flesh. The book is well written and fantastic, as well as the movie, and, of course, both were charged with their "too obvious" content and other equally remarkable shallow comments. <br /> <br /> Borowczyk The film is also very beautiful visually with its raw honesty, and the nature and the forest are rarely looked so bright and shining, as they do in this film. The sun shines through the trees, and Everyplace, where people live, and the beauty of it is always there, but so is ugliness that originates from the people of the world. For every innocent white sheep has a selfish, evil and terrible beast in our world, and that is why the intelligence we received never quite seems to overcome the force of our bad instincts and the other side of the sheep, is present in every human soul, it is about how much manages to keep the dark side of the passive and active. Performing some of our instincts is not bad, and using this intelligence and seeing what instincts are good and which are bad, they can be met without exploitation, violence and death and destructive circle created by it. Man is not an animal with intelligence, intelligence that is so easy to forget, and eaten on the background of things that feel better and more fun each and possibly sudden moment. Borowczyk film is a masterpiece, memorable and clever movie magic with the Liverpool theme, as well as an example of how much can be achieved, expressed and given to a filmmaker, who is also the only person.
