Well ... this one is a weirdo .... Honestly, I can not tell you all of the internal plot point of the Beast, because I began to lose interest if nothing happened in the first 45 minutes or more - but just wait it definitely means "pick» ... <br /> <br /> plot involves something of the monster in the forest, some French aristocrat chick screwed back on the same day. In the end, you see, "the Beast", which looks like a guy dressed in a giant rat bear with a horse cock suit attached to it. The scene takes place with an aristocrat woman running through the woods looking for the lost sheep. Sheep ends up dead and the woman is frightened. Beast pops up, rapes heifer and shoots 400 gallons of courage all over it. In the end, the chicken begins to enjoy the beast "attention", which results in some nice new simulated sex scenes, including unnervingly erotic legs masturbation scene where she runs an animal with its feet, while the monster shoots a huge load all (so I 've got a twisted foot fetish - so ware me ....) ... the whole movie is told in flashback and dragged dialog scenes that tended to be a bit tedious. A "shocking", but a predictable end completes this extremely strange film ... <br /> <br /> Beast movie, which I find quite difficult to evaluate. Cinema itself is quite eye-catching and sets, costumes and locations are complex. The plot is a bit confusing, and seems to take it seriously themselves badly to the fact that in the end be so unintentionally hilarious film about a rat chick boning bear. A good bit tits, ass and hairy 70s French bushes to help replenish the dull first half of the film. I must honestly say that if it were not for the graphic scenes BEAST putty throughout wanting virgin, this film would be a real bore - that is, if you do not like the dull dialogue and some graphic sex horses (beginning has a very close-up personal scene of two horses boning, including pulsed and rubbed the mare's vagina covered ... YUM !!!). But sex scene BEAST so strange and such a refreshing change from the rest of the film, I must say that these scenes alone make for what otherwise would have been a real snoozer. I have to recommend this to anyone who thinks they have seen it all - BEAST rape is really out there and something to witness. It is also recommended for any supporter of 70-80 movies cheaply / - This one takes a high enough with them. Worth a look for you sick bear lovers beastiality rats out there (like me) ... 8-10
