If, like me, you like your movies to be unique, and unlike most other films, I fully recommend you check out The Beast. The film grotesque, erotic, fantasy tale that centers around a mythological "Beast", which is rumored to wander around the base of a French mansion and lust after women. The film is very bold of its subject matter, and that is to give him credit. The theme of bestiality is a definite taboo, and for a good reason, I might add; but the film transmits it; lines and dots. As in other films that deal with taboo subject in the middle of them, the Beast could go around it, and made us use our imagination to fill in the gaps, but Borowczyk did not, and he is brave in this respect, especially to make a film as it would leave it open to all kinds of criticism, but the fact that he went ahead with it, in my opinion, means the thumbs for a guy. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a sequence that sees male horse mount horny females. This knife puts an exclamation point on the film and prepares the audience, in a sense, for the incredible eroticism titanic forces that they were going to see. Scenes that they see the beast mate with a female, are free and shocking, and are obliged to offend a lot of people (hence the reason why it has been banned for more than 20 years), but these scenes are not just an occasion for Borowczyk shock the viewer; this film is the decisive point. As I mentioned during the film; the only difference between man and animals is intelligence. And the man and the animal has instincts, but the person is able to manage them. Beast explores the difference between humans and animals through sexuality; fantasy sequence, which is a beast represents the control of human desire, and it is only when the central female character lets her control, she can see the beast. The film has strong themes century history of "beauty and the beast" is woven into it, and in general it is shockingly painful story about lust, but not without a moral. <br /> <br /> Many criticize the scene around the shocking sex scenes of the film for being boring, but these scenes are very important for the history of film. Without these scenes, we would not get to know the characters or the story of the beast, and, most importantly, the story of "Beauty and the Beast" would not be able to have a monstrous conclusion distributed audience, because it is one of the key elements of the film; it will be a real shame. In addition, Borowczyk keeps the audience entertained through these scenes, not with shocks, but with dialogs and upper class family person, along with the beautiful mansion ground personnel will not be seen, and thus, the stark contrast between this and the events later the film does not exist. <br /> <br /> generally Beast shocking film. This image is a taboo and shocking as it is drawn will ensure that this film is not for everyone. However, if you can get over the shock of the film and take the beast; what will happen to the masterly and beautiful work of art that should not be missed by someone that is ready to give this movie a chance.
