This is one of the more surprising films I've seen recently. This is because it seems less like a movie and more experimental film. Kurasawa experiment was to take a lot of people living in the dump and weave their experience in the tapestry, which offers glimpses of their usual harsh existences. Not every episode is severe and depressing, but in general it is certainly tons. Let's see ... we are dealing with incest / rape, attempted murder, wife swapping, alcoholism, infidelity, death of the little boy, after eating tainted fish, of people with severe depression (he never says during the film and looks very scary) hopeless dreamer who is likely to be diagnosed with schizophrenia, a mentally retarded young man who thinks he is the conductor street and spend all their waking moments "at the wheel" of his street car through the track among the garbage heaps, men are married in the overall complexity of the shrew (I think I loved her character even less than incestuous rapist!), etc., etc. in fact, it's so depressing, that it seemed almost like a film by Ingmar Bergman, set in Japan, Bergman made a lot of movies that tend to deal with mental illness and the futility of life. Is it any wonder that after making this film Kurasawa tried to kill yourself? So what do I like it? No, it was not pleasant. But, it was very well made film that certainly kept my attention, and as a result, I really wanted to see what happened to these people. It was sort of like watching a train wreck - you do not want to see all the carnage, but you can not help but look! Of all of the vignettes, I think that an older man who, as a rule, look at all, and who do not really stuck in (he was too well-adjusted and to live sensibly in the landfill) was probably meant to introduce himself Kurasawa. Maybe. I do not know. <br /> <br /> If you have seen a lot of movies and Kurasawa have a high tolerance to the amazing art film, give it an hour. However, do not make this your first experience of watching his movies - it's sure to scare off many viewers!
