Most people, when they think of expressionist cinema to watch in b & w German films of silent and early sound eras - movies, stressed bevelled edges, extreme contrasts of light and dark of exaggerated performance, and from time to time the use of surrealism to create a fabulous atmosphere for to move away from the traditional naturalistic modes of cinematic representation. If we are willing to admit that the Germans were not the only filmmakers to create movies expressionists (and that the above-mentioned characteristics are not necessary conditions for the expressionist film), then I would say that Dodes'ka-den (DVT) is a prime example films of this type. <br /> <br /> As with dreams, the DCD bit upset for the film Kurosawa, intervenes, as it does, in the unreal. However, the DCD also, unlike dreams, big movie, and probably my favorite picture of Kurosawa. Why? Basically, I think it's the color. This, I believe, first color film Kurosawa, and the man imbues the film with bright primary colors, creating a totally unrealistic modern Japan. We are used to the neon lights and gleaming skyscrapers of Tokyo; we're not used to the city, which seems to have been painted with a pencil. <br /> <br /> DCD, as I said, a kind of film, because many of his characters live in the trash, being live in an alternate universe. That said, I think the point - it is the outsiders Tokyo, people have been left behind during the big steps forward after the Second World War. The film also is one of the more insightful Kurosawa films; there are real mood here and a real enthusiasm (for example, when the boy's father describes their dream house). It is surprisingly moving film from the man better known stunning, John Ford as the prospects and the samurai. Everyone should know Kurosawa was it the cinema as touching and thoughtful, like this (Ikiru portends emotional resonance of the film in many respects). <br /> <br /> I will also argue to the last, that is the biggest achievement of Kurosawa. His samurai movies, although capable of photos, pale in comparison with the work of Kobayashi (hara-kiri is the largest, most intelligent samurai film tends to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, The Seven Samurai, Bodyguard, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran all the wonderful films, but they are just good (and, frankly, I think the word is too generous for the hidden fortress and Kagemusha). DDC is a great film like Ikiru. They crown values ​​that show Akira was not a one-trick pony samurai. They show their skills and mastery of cinema.
