If there was something Akira Kurosawa did wrong in making Dodes'ka-den, it makes it a partnership, he created a "four knights" (the other three being Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted big blockbuster to begin their cooperation, and instead of to Kurosawa, perhaps the head of a group of cheese made abstract, humanistic art film with the characters who live in the slums consumed that had many of his characters face dark tragedies. If he did it on a more independent basis, or go to another udyyu, who knows, but it is because of this, including some other financial and creative troubles, which also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. And yet, at the end of the day, as an artist Kurosawa did not stop to give the he is notorious for his dramas:.. the strengths of the human spirit in the face of adversity is his background a bit more unusual than most of them can not be ignored, but it is not the fault <br /> <br /> Under the knock Kurosawa Material tram wheels is absorbing, but not in such a way that one usually finds on the re zhysora, and mostly because it is driven by character, and the plot. There's something that happens with these people, and the call Kurosawa here to weave them into a coherent whole. The character that begins in the film, oddly enough (although, fortunately, has not yet so much room for growth) is Rokkuchan, brain damaged man-child who walks the entire day to issue the train sounds ( «the clickety-wad "with the name), only occasionally stopping to pray for his mother. But then we branched off: a father and son, the one who scrounges restaurants for a meal and the former, who goes on and on with the site-specific descriptions dream of his house; elderly person has a kind of death for him, and we will see later, he lost much more than he would say the majority of people, including a woman who has a past with him; shy, quiet woman who works in slavery her adoptive father (or uncle, I'm not sure) who rapes her; and good-natured man in a suit that has a constant mite to the face and large average wife- for those social surrounding. <br /> <br /> There are also small tokens of people around these characters, like two drunks who keep tripping over each night, like clockwork, placing great demands on her husband, sometimes (unwittingly) to exchange them! And there is a kind of sake vendor on a bicycle, which has a sweet but strange connection with a shy quiet woman. And, of course, have a group of gossiping lady squat around a waterhole in the middle of the slums, with nothing too good to say about someone, if it is not something erotic with a guy. First, to celebrate with all of this as a picture of Kurosawa sets; it's a bit of post-apocalyptic, not looking at any particular place or time (that is, until the time for a few shots, we see modern cars and the street). This marginalized of society, but the problems of these people, but in a tragic volume, intended for deconstruction through a dramatic effect. As Bergman, Kurosawa is cut destroyed people's emotions, one scene in particular, when the dead-looking man, who has a hollow, sad eyes, sitting tearing tissue in silence as the woman goes along with it. <br /> <br /> Sometimes there is a charm, and even some laughs to make it to these people. I even enjoyed, perhaps oddly, little moments with Rokkuchan (in particular, with episodic Kurosawa as an artist on the street), or an awkward silence with a person with facial tics. But while Kurosawa allows the actors to improvise some opportunities, his movement is still cameras, as they are always been- patient but alert, with wide tracks and claustrophobic imagery, colorful visions and encounters sometimes with stylized quiet drama is like a crybaby , Among these are sometimes surprising and touching stories, with some of them (that is, father and son in a car), especially sad, Kurosawa lights his movie and design color scheme, his first in Eastmancolor, as it is one of his paintings. Lush, sprawling, sometimes spilling over the seams, but always with some sort of control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; it came as abstract full throttle in a scene where all look alive, but much darker than the bottom. This is a brilliant, cunning double-edged sword, which allows for a fabulous intonation with a heavy drama service. <br /> <br /> With sweet "film" account Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for the Run), and some fine performances from the actors, and a number of indelible scenes in the whole fantastic career Dodes'ka-den-a-kind little work with the director, but nonetheless almost perfectly on their own terms, which, as with many of Kurosawa drama as Ikiru, and Red Beard keeps hard truths about the human condition, not too much sentimentality.
