Laurence Olivier and Merle Oberon made two films together for two years. One is considered to be one of the greatest romantic movies of all time, and the film that made a big movie star Olivier (Oberon and gave her a better role performance): Storm. Another, this film made in England a year earlier. Divorce LADY X is a romantic comedy (as Storm romantic tragedy). Olivier lawyer Everard Logan, a barrister who is dynamic, but also a total misogynist. One night, he checks into the hotel right in front of a crowd of people. This is a very foggy night (a type of pea soup fog that London was not known until the famous "killer" fog in the 1950s), and the crowd (who'd attended a party at the hotel) need a bed. Leadership is trying to get Logan, to one or two Secular home sleeping on the couch and the couch in their rooms, but he refuses. But he left out of Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. Granddaughter high court judge, she manages to sneak into the room Logan and manipulates it not only agree with her to sleep there, but learns his bed (he goes to the couch - much to his discomfort). <br /> <br /> on the second day they have breakfast, and the Smalltalk, it is clear that, despite the distrust of women Leslie Logan finds very attractive. But she refuses to kittenishly tell him your name. She was determined to learn more about it, and it finds its attitude towards women rabies. At the same time, Logan approached a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as the Mere Lord) as a potential customer. Mere suspects his wife Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes) to deal with. In fact, he says Logan Her Grace was with her lover in a hotel that Logan knows that he was on a foggy night. Logan (naturally) moves to the conclusion that the lady Mere was his mysterious roommate that night. I will not go further into the story, except that Leslie eventually realizes that Logan has made a mistake, and decides to use it to give him a lesson about women. <br /> <br /> The script has a sense of Wodehouse novel, but easier. However, performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (as Oberon's grandfather) all great. This shows that a good throw can make even the slightest material. Look at some of the secondary scenes, to see what I mean: the first scene Selden, complaining about his weak coffee in his butler / valet, who tells him properly (they were used to each other's faces for many years). Olivier or dealing with a young clerk in his office, which was probably the two ladies Meres two minutes in the office before (there were, but Oberon and Barnes left together), and ends up thinking that the poor clerk simpleton. Or the waiter at the hotel, who can not understand why the tenant in the room Olivier is constantly changing from a man to a woman with a man. As I said, a little magic comedy - but it's very nice.
