Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> What little I know about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, it was first published as a popular manga in the 1970s and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is set to the same type of Star Wars Space universe as another famous Matsumoto manga Space Captain Harlki. In fact, space pirate Harlki and other characters of this manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyam) performances in the GE999. GE999 was a success as mangoes, and soon followed as the popular anime series, which included more than 100 episodes. He was featured in 1978 a year later came the anime film, which is a continuation of the series, but in the summary of the main points of the history of over two hours long movie. <br /> <br /> The story is set in an unidentified Star Wars-type of future where we go to different planets become possible. People of the future may be mechanical bodies themselves, in which they can live for hundreds of years, maybe even forever. The protagonist, Tetsuro Hoshino, a young boy who witnesses how hard Count Fur, whose entire body is made up of mechanical parts, kills mother Tetsuro in. Tetsuro swears revenge and is convinced that it can be achieved only if there is a mechanical body. To get it, he must go to a distant planet Space Galaxy Express train 999. However, since Tetsuro comes from poverty, he does not have money to get an expensive ticket. By coincidence, he meets a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who bears a resemblance to his dead mother. Maetel offers Tetsuro ticket on the condition that she accompanies him on his way. And so the journey begins ?? <br /> <br /> The first time I saw this film in October of last year, about six months, and again yesterday. I feel that I must first say about the things that bothers me most about this film: it seems very rushed. Then again, what can you expect from a 2-hour long film, which tries to tell the main points of more than 100 episodes of a long series? In any case, the situation changed with the fastest speed and Tetsuro meets other important characters in the history mainly by chance. I feel, manufacturers must either have left something or include an additional 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, there's no arguing that the GE999 has earned its place as the anime classic. Animation itself is very faithful manga style Matsumoto, detailed and beautiful look. Even after nearly 30 years of its release, the animation did not "date", but it puts a lot of anime films later in disgrace. Music through out the movie pleasant to listen to, even if some "old" is the day (it was the 70s after all). I did not hear any English dubbing of this film, so I can only comment on the Japanese sound that good. Speakers give life to their characters, the most memorable of which are Masako Nozawa (generally known as the voice of Goku through with the whole saga of Dragon Ball), and how excited the young Tetsuro and Masako Ikeda as a quiet and mysterious Maetel. The supporting characters do not remain in the shadows, but also have their own life, the most memorable for me to be a waitress Claire. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable for those looking for entertainment for a few hours, as well as for those who are trying to find a deeper message. GE999 is an entertaining adventure film, but can also be seen as a journey Tetsuro in adolescence by the courage. The entire film is told from his point of view, so we have to feel what he feels. I think many people can relate to Tetsuro since, in spite of the fantasy elements, it is very realistic: the young, hot-headed, clumsy and naive. We follow him as he begins to see the difference between humans and machines, and come to a conclusion whether it mechanical body or not want. Maetel on the other hand, remains a mystery in the film, and even in the end, when it shows who and what she really is not a lot of answers to anything. Maetel can be regarded as a dream growing young man, always close but out of reach. <br /> <br /> It is a strange but beautiful relationship between Tetsuro and Maetel, who are still awake and talking issues, and after decades of mesmerizing. People say if their relationship is that of the two friends, mother and son, of two possible lovers (which awakened a lot of criticism as well as age unknown Maetel and Tetsuro has not even reached their puberty yet). Without any means to the sound of deep, I think the best term to describe them is "like-minded". There is no doubt that the two feel devotion, care and love each other, but it goes beyond friendship, family and lovers. I think that when their relationship will be stuffed in any of these categories, it would take something out of the film and the characters. The end of the scene, even if you already know what will happen, is still very touching and memorable. <br /> <br /> In general, despite the rushing of the plot and some banal scenes, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 takes its place as a classic among anime films like Otomo in Akira (1988) and GHOST Mamoru Oshii is in SHELL (1995). The film is directed by Rintaro, who had previous experience Leiji Matsumoto as he worked in a series CAPTAIN Harlock. Later Rinatro director looking great Metropolis (2001), which also questioned the distinction between humans and machines. <br /> <br /> Galaxy Express 999 (1979) is a classic that should be seen at least once every anime fan.
