I ran into this a few years ago, when the channel surfing on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was obviously cheesy TV movie from the 70s, the direction and evaluation well done enough that it captured my attention, and in fact I was hooked and had to look to the end. I recently had the opportunity to purchase foreign DVD of this film (oops, did not see the domestic one, at last, get a couple of months earlier), and was very pleased to be able to watch it again (and in full). <br /> <br /> I do not fully understand this phenomenon, but for some reason, 70 years, it seems to have a lock on the horror movies that actually scared. In the decade prior to the 70's production, some beautifully shot film, and a big part of our eternal horror icons, but they are really scary? No, not really. Similarly, in the years since the 70's, we have already received the horror that is cooler, more exciting, have a much better performance of production and complex special effects that are more fun, funnier, have effective "jump" moments, and some very creative use baked, but again ... they do not really scary! There's just something about the atmosphere of horror films 70s. The particulate film quality. In the spookily dark scenes unlit huge high-tech lighting systems. "Land of Dreams" muffled quality of the dialogue and amazing and piercing EQ'd points. Odd feeling of awkwardness and ugliness permeating everything. Anything that works to blow most of the films' 70s, in the case of terror, running in his favor. <Br / > <br /> in particular, in this movie, silent, intense shots devil dogs alert people down pretty unnerving. So much better than if they went more obvious way, which has a dog will growl, stupidity, and openly hostile ( "Cujo"?). The filmmakers wisely to maintain that when a dog appears in full m, on the supernatural form. Effects when this happens, while the simple by today's standards, literally gave me the chills. Surprisingly, vaguely defined, "I'm not sure that I look at the" look intuitively seems more like it is true supernatural vision would be, not a hyper real, crystal clear optical printer / digital compositor caramel films last days of horror. <br /> <br /> while not meet visualized human characters in this film as their nemesis, or their world, the actors all do a decent job. The pairing of brother and sister of the "Race to Witch Mountain" films, like, yes, a brother and sister, pretty cheesy little stunt casting, but they are doing well. Yvette Mimya always manages to be interesting, if unspectacular. The slope gets more and more sympathy from the audience as the film progresses. His self-doubt as he wonders whether the strangeness of his family is really due to extraordinary story, or he simply succumbed to paranoid schizophrenia treated pretty well, although it thought that getting a routine physical may provide an explanation for the fact that he feels absurd in its naivety. <br /> <br /> film The-End-Question Mark type ending one of the only ones I've seen, they do not feel like a cheap trick, but really made me think about the choice of these characters would be faced with a number and that they are likely to do and how they feel about it. <br /> <br /> Detractors of the film can be said that it's just a feature of the length of the vehicle for some Neato glow retina shots, but hey, you could say the same about "Blade Runner." :-)
