This film is a spicy little piece of filmmaking from Sam Fuller, who gives Widmark opportunity to show some of his best, most acute, acting in the role of Skip Maki, a petty thief who stumbles upon a secret military time picking (Jean Peters) pocket beautiful kendo on a crowded bus . It turns out candy condescend to her (ex?) Boyfriend, who works on the "commies". <br /> <br /> The surface is a mystery here about the motives of kendo and Skip spends most of the film, which determines her motivations ??. In fact, he seems to be just beginning to assume that it is a "communist", so far as to pour a beer in her face in a gesture soulless. But the real question ?? what happens to the boot? What are his motives and why candy like it so much? Why are we (the audience) want to love it so much? Basically, what the filmmakers have done here is create a very bright "male Fatale» WIDMARK in character and performance. Just as the male audience, tend to think along the length of the film as «The Big Sleep" and "The Glass Key» with the main characters, whether of confidence or just a pretty face of a female character, the film-maker is to create a similar a fix for a female audience. Widmark beautiful, and there is also a charm in his boyish insouciance ?? but the first two times he meets our leading lady, he robs her and then hit her in the face. In the end, there is a question ?? I missed the sink so low as to sell their country to the dollar (his comments to the police, as "you flag-waving at me?" lead us to suspect that it will), or is he just out for revenge for the murder of his friend MOU (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure that the film gives us a definitive answer either way. <br /> <br /> The nature of work Thelma Ritter deserves special mention ?? she created a truly profound here. Fuller is not afraid to give her a lot of "business" ?? in the form of physical objects, which she uses to draw the audience into her world, in particular its links are used. Another example of "business" Fuller is a scene with Victor Perry (actor I've seen in other places, used for smaller effect) using chopsticks to intimidate candy. <br /> <br /> The special attention to the relationship Maybe Skip provides one of the most revealing "honor among thieves" theme of cinema. In fact, Skip has the same ease and the same kind of a casual relationship with the police, with the notable exception of the captain. Tiger (Murvyn stems) that has a tooth against it. I loved the scene where he invited the police to by name and offered them a beer, when they came to take him to his hut. This is the kind of details that make this film feel real ?? whether it is in fact a "realistic", or that would matter entirely separate questions. <br /> <br /> All told, I would say that this is a significant crime film that shows a lot of the best and most enduring attribute of "noir" film school. Predictable plot is given by a set of picturesque characters (equally well-executed), cheap sets disguised relentless pace of the film, and the final product feels much more substantial than is possible. This is the best film I've seen so far, Sam Fuller, and helps me to better see why he is regarded as a master director ?? here he made some things that I think he tried, but ultimately failed to make other films like "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor" as a very expressive style action and really exciting suspense. This is one of my favorite performances with Widmark, I've seen so far ?? and Widmark was a talent that I am tempted to say (based on several unusual films that I've seen with him) was comparable to that of Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, though perhaps he did not do so many classic films.
