«Shock Corridor (1963)," was my first film with Samuel Fuller, and I was struck by the shrewd mixing directing B-movies and big-budget aesthetics, even if the story itself was pure hack. "The incident on Saet Street (1953)" was released ten years ago in Fuller's career obviously produced on a larger budget from the famous studios Twentieth Century-Fox. However, the visual is still notable for the fact that there are several raw, naturalistic element to the photos, and not unlike Dassin's "Night and the City (1950)" and Kazan "Panic on the streets (1950) {The latter was also injured filmmakers Joe McDonald }. in some scenes, Fuller shoved the camera so close to the actors faces that they did not focus expressly recording the innermost thoughts, emotions and short bends, which are passed through to the most indicative of the facial features, the eyes. Although (surprisingly) is prone to melodrama and just a hint of anti-communist propaganda, «Pickup on South Street" is a strong film noir, which succeeds the most beautifully in his resurrection installation ?? metro New York. <br /> <br /> If you have only a prison-pickpocket Skip McCoy ( Widmark) driftwood female purse on the subway (Jean Peters), he pockets more than he 'd originally expected. The woman, candy, and its cowardly ex-boyfriend Joe (Richard Kiley) were smuggling top secret Communists information and Mack suddenly received critical slope micro-film. whether it will apply to the MacGuffin to the relevant authorities, or sell it at a higher price? If "the Pickup on South Street" has the drawback is that this story seems designed solely to strengthen the anti-communist agenda, stinking propaganda as anything since the Second World War {Dwight Taylor, who provided the story and, in particular, he wrote " the Thin Man Goes Home (1944), "the only propaganda film from the series}. Without any reason, every known character ?? even smug self-serving Skip McCoy ?? eventually becomes self-sacrificing patriot conversion predictable from the outset . In a traditional noir, t of irreconcilable criminals always get what they deserve, rational punishment for their sins, but apparently not when they have served their country, patriotism wipe the slate clean <br /> <br /> Widmark, the actor, I'm really starting to like,. plays arrogance pickpocket with composure, though always with the hint of a bad ease, suggesting that he had bitten off more than he can chew. The opening scene of the film train, the most perfect, like Mack, breathless and silent fish around in a bag of hands his victim, citing Bresson "pickpocket (1959). Thelma Ritter is stunning, like a tired street woman who would peddle information to anyone willing to pay for it (although, of course, it draws a line on the commies). Jean Peters is well cast as the bad lady transmission of information to the other side, playing the role is almost entirely devoid of charm; Fuller reportedly threw an actress on the observation that it is slightly bow-legged racks prostitutes. However, Peters has to suffer a contrived affair with Widmark, that really brings down the film attempts at realism. Interestingly, after his release, "Pickup on South Street" was quickly condemned as a Communist FBI propaganda and the Communist Party condemned it for being exactly the opposite. Go figure it out.
