It DeMille epic Old West contains what may be the best performance of Jean Arthur as hysterical, eccentric, terminally immoral, but faithfully loving Calamity Jane. She really pulled it out! Gary Cooper in his most silent, but manages some occasional pithy quips: "The plain big, but ... sometimes cross paths. The history of stylization to finish all the styling. All the cowboy heroes of Western knowledge, it seems there somehow Jesse James, with the exception of. Even Abraham Lincoln opens the story in person (or at least, DeMille would have us believe so). There's no room for anything so endangered as thinness, is "stomping» Em in the face of "a fairy tale for the masses. The cool thing about this film, but it's very early, full frontal attack on what Eisenhower was eventually called the "military-industrial complex." This is not just a story about gun-runners, but also about the arming of any money, and does so from the heart of Washington. But let's not get into politics, let's leave it DeMille, which can be guaranteed surface. The main interest in this movie all these years later, that he uses the first film score, composed Antheil, who has much to say about the work in his autobiography, «Bad Boy of Music". Antheil, it seems there was a "big sound", taken all these westerns, with the result that the plain singing voice and the sounds of countless cowboys in the sky, who are celebrating open spaces and common intertwined melodies. That's why it does not sound unusual, because we've heard it a thousand times. But he seems to have been the first to bring up the combined noises all sage brush in the symphony of the open sky, which became American mythical knowledge, and gave him a track that has never changed with the pores, banal as it may be, but certainly suitable. It's funny to see Anthony Quinn in the early appearance as the Cheyenne Indians. Gabby Hayes is out there somewhere, but you missed him in the crowd. Gary Cooper dominates them all, looming large - but if he ever loom a little?
