great PICK UP Sam Fuller on South Street is a choice of several bundles of early 50-ies of the Cold War, under the influence of a low-budget film noir cars. With a running length of 80 minutes, Pickup on South Street is a tough, gritty, explosive, and infinitely interesting. <br /> <br /> Star WIDMARK, as a pickpocket Skip McCoy, who has already picked up three times. But Mack can not keep their fingers stray to eliminate and the trouble is that he slips as he grifts wallet with gangster moll Candy (Jean Peters). kendo wallet contains a roll of microfilm invaluable to the communist movement, and this is her last work for the ex-boyfriend Richard Kiley, to make the delivery. However, if Widmark raises his Peters has to do whatever it takes to re-claim the film is (initially) do not know anything about. <br /> <br /> This is a tasty plant, with character WIDMARK, but not crazy Kiss of death, a real live wire, unpredictable and hard, but curiously charming.When Bogart or Mitch entered the noir movie role, you know, that you're going to get: a lonely anti-hero maintain his moral integrity and winning with the end (Bogart), or overly laconic man who allows himself to be drawn into a trap (Mitch). With Widmark you just do not know what you're going to get, and it is incredibly modern style of acting (his films always hold up well), it is amazing to watch. Here he is torn between making a big jackpot for themselves by selling the film, or turn it over to the police and the fight against "commies" on the right side of the law. And he still has to pretend that he never pickpocketed Peters to avoid the fatal fourth rap on its leaves. <br /> <br /> Peters gets his best role as Moll-to-heart of gold kendo. unpredictability WIDMARK is perhaps best manifested in his scenes with Peters; beautiful tramp quickly (and rather unbelievably- romance angle, and rushed) falls under the spell of WIDMARK and yet WIDMARK alternated between kissing her and slapping her around. Peters uncompromising beauty, but the lack of excessive lacquered Hollywood glamor (Lan Turner has never worked well in this role), is a major asset for the film. Sweets are not innocent, but it is very vulnerable, constantly passes between men slapped around. Widmark knocks her cold at the first meeting and wake her, pouring beer on her face, but he was the last act is much more gentle to her (after she understood the infernal making up from Kiley). The scene in the hospital with Peters and Widmark should not work but it does. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter is brilliant as a snitch UIA, well deserves its nomination for an Oscar. Ritter performance, like everything else in the film, is sandy, real and heartbreakingly honest. Her death scene is amazing. Fuller camera movement and location settings are particularly interesting. Fuller loved a good close-up, and pick up on South Street is full of uncomfortable, cloistering rigid frame, which only increase the tension of the plot. Fuller is not afraid of the camera to linger on a shot longer than the standard Old Hollywood really allowed, but amazingly breaks away from the scene of death Ritter to give the audience the maximum impact. Urban locales and unusual facing angles give Pickup on South Street, a bold, uncompromising modern look. <br /> <br /> 10/10.
