Samuel Fuller, hardly one of the great filmmakers of America. I'm not sure it qualifies as one of the great masters of Hollywood. But it certainly ranks up there with the best of Hollywood's real professionals who were willing to go to his own music. At the time he worked in the Hollywood studios, he knew how to accept the appointment, shape middling material handed to him, and then turn it quickly and efficiently, as a rule, it is better than its parts ... on time and on budget. Pickup on South Street is an example. On the surface, it is also one of the early fifties, the anti-communist Hollywood movies, complete with appeals to patriotism, hard-boiled hero and slimy (and copious sweating) a bad guy. Fuller makes this bag Hollywood cliches in tight, exciting drama with any number of defective turns. Hero, Skip McCoy, is a three-time loser, a petty crook with soft fingers that does not change its stripes to the very end. The girl in the capers, the Candy, has a level of charity, it would be easy to cross, if you are so inclined. One of the most attractive characters, Mo Williams is a snitch. And in an unusual approach to the fight against Hollywood commies, called for patriotism falls on deaf ears; hero is motivated by nothing so ennobling. He just wants payback for personal reasons, and the winds are ... at least for now ... good guy. <br /> <br /> In addition, all the actors have been largely attributed to Fuller in the studio. He was supposed to do. Widmark now established its presence as an actor and a star, but Jean Peters surprise. It gives an excellent portrait of a woman sexy and dumb, and no better than her boy friends ... or her clients ... want it to be. And Richard Kiley, who would later become dvym time Tony Award-winning star of Broadway, is clearly a slippery and cowardly. It's hard to remember that he was an actor, who struck at us, I mean, we introduced, «The Impossible Dream» from Man of La Mancha, <br /> <br /> Most of all, this is a story about a pickpocket who chooses wallet in a subway car and finds himself microfilm secrets instead of cash, the persecuted and the feds commies, moves straight forward with great savings. In general, companies with a classic look of film noir, takes only 80 minutes to speak. Dialogue with Fuller, as a writer, that is, the party banal, part acrid boiled pulp fiction style. "This is a bun you grifted ... she's okay," one character says Skip kendo. Fuller moves us just quickly enough from scene to scene, to keep us hanging on what will happen next. Then Fuller throws in the character of Mo Williams. suddenly the story deepens to a whole new level of interest, part comedy and part relief sad inevitability. <br /> <br /> what I like best about this film as the opening illustrates the talents and strengths of Fuller. After 2 minutes, and 15 seconds, starting immediately after the credits, Fuller is able to instantly turn on the power ilm to set for us is that the story of and show us what kind of characters - Skip and Candy - we "will once again be involved with and he does it with so much tempting curiosity in this hot, packed subway car. we can only feel fuller hook setting to catch us. <br /> <br /> he says Glen Eriksson, in my opinion one of the best critics, "In what should be inconsequential story, Sam Fuller defines it a peculiar kind of Americanism from the bottom up: a stubborn, aggressive Karis livasts that when fully expressed recognizes that it is not, and what is right and are not afraid to fight for it. As always in his work, that the people who fight the hardest for their countries are the ones least likely to benefit from the effort. " He's right, and it makes the film still alive after 55 years.
