«Pickup on South Street" is a drama about the high-speed small-time criminal who suddenly finds himself caught up in a Communist group activities. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style and momentum continuously with the help of the brilliant editing. Using a wide variety of angles and effective close-up also contributes to the overall impression of constant movement and vitality. Samuel Fuller's style of directing and cinematography by Joseph MacDonald is beautiful and there are many scenes that are in its composition and lighting produce a strong sense of mood and atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Ace pickpocket and recidivist Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) gets into deep water when he steals a purse with a young woman named Kendo (Jean Peters) in the New York City subway. She used her ex-boyfriend Joe (Richard Kiley) to make a delivery to one of his contacts in the communist organization, and she did not know she was carrying US government secrets stored on microfilm. Two FBI agents were following kendo and theft became a witness. One of the agents continued to tail it back to the apartment Joe and the other, Zara (Willis Bouchey), visited the Police Captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn stems). Zara explains that the FBI watching kendo few months as part of their pursuit of the leader of the communist group. <br /> <br /> In order to determine the pickpocket, Tiger refers to "snitch" called Moe (Thelma Ritter), who after being given a clear description of the "gun" method of operation is a list of eight possible suspects. After the tiger sees Skip name in the list, he immediately convinced that he is a man, they need to track down, and he sent two detectives to arrest him. If Skip is in Tiger's office, Dawn tells him about the microfilm and Tiger proposes to abandon any charges if he would cooperate with the investigation. Skip this frivolous and arrogant. He obviously does not trust the Tigris and denies all knowledge of the theft on the subway. <br /> <br /> Joey candy orders, to find out who stole the microfilm, then get it. Candy Moe pay for an address when Skip Skip returns to interrogate the tiger, he finds candy in search of his house and knocks her unconscious before stealing her money. When she recovers, Skip requires payment of $ 25 000 for microfilm. She tells Joey on demand Skip boss Joe gives him a gun and orders him to recover microfilm in the evening of the next day. <br /> <br /> Skip and Candy attracted to each other, and it is because of their complicated, the development of relations that evolves means by which they can get rid of the police attention. It soon becomes clear that the issues with the communist gang will only be achieved through more direct action. <br /> <br /> way Skip, candy and Moe as the characters that inhabit the seedy world in which they are forced to face significant risks on a daily basis are powerful and persuasive. <br /> <br /> Work Mo police informer depends on its know people in their community, but also those, who knows what she is doing and any one of them might be looking for their place at any time. She seems to be cunning and Streetwise, but also has a vulnerable side as she describes herself as "an old clock running down" and save money to be able to have a decent burial in an exclusive cemetery in Long Island. Her belief that "every male has its own meaning," leading her to sell any information, regardless of the danger, friendship or principles, and there is still one case in which she refuses, and it turns out to be fatal. performance of Thelma Ritter, certainly deserved a nomination she received for her performance. <br /> <br /> Skipping violent criminals, not caring about their victims and have already been convicted three times in the past, he lives under constant threat of being sentenced to life in prison if convicted again. Despite this, he still continues his criminal activities, and oddly enough, is the only philosophical when Mo changes its location, and later he even assures that Moe gets the type of burial valued so highly. Candy is an ex-prostitute and someone whose work is constantly put her in danger, but for her hardened exterior warmer side gradually becomes more and more obvious. Widmark and Peters are both perfect for their roles and how Ritter depict different aspects of their personalities with great style and conviction.
