Pickup on South Street is one of the most exciting films ever made. Example Directing: If kendo (Jean Peters) starts to go in her purse and noticed her wallet is missing, the alarm goes off in the background in the building it is - as if it is raising alarm in her head. This is not a cartoon - it is finely woven into the background in a way that hits you on a subconscious level, until you have seen the film several times, and it just "clicks" that there is an alarm bell lifting, when it begins to furiously. passing through her bag <br /> <br /> Widmark is the path to the top of his game as a smart Alec - he's really cool - but the performance highlights of the film was the first stage for «Moe» street peddler / scammer plays Thelma Ritter. Later, in his apartment, you do not see the movie - you see the real person. I've never seen anyone "act" is so real, I felt like I was looking at the real room to perform Ritter - down to the way her hair sticking out a little bit when she took off her hat. <br /> <br /> About a million of other things just * worked * out of the way Lightning Louie picks up the money with his chopsticks jewelry clicks on the path of kendo when she clicks hand Maybe from her brooches, before Mo gets the dollars and the transition from the police captain through the FBI chest Man - and even then, as the captain opened his filing cabinet, as he does so in this room for many years. «Pickup on South Street" is the detailed steps (rail) with unsurpassed performance (current) and is now excellent visual nostalgic days, such as the panel truck, the board which lead to the hut on the water, dumbwaiter - and unforgettable place Skip to content recesses pocket pickings. . Excellent material <br /> <br /> «Pickup on South Street" is also one of the few movies where, despite the fact that the whole of the characters are perfect, you care about them - perhaps because that they were a few brand their past ways that are difficult to avoid: Reeves as "a three-time loser" and candy as youthful woman who "slapped around" a lot. If these people are a little worse than expected, this is the new ways that make it seem you are looking in to people you never would have otherwise imagined - and yet you know that they are possible because actors that make them so famous man.
