After the failure of a "crusade" at the box office, DeMille stopped making films about non-American history. His films over the next thirteen years have been about our history from Jean Lafitte before World War II (Dr. Wassell). The first production was in the order of the film, starring Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickok, with Jean Arthur as the Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not a villain, as usual) was General George A. Custer and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought at Little Big Horn. Villains were led by Charles Bickford (selling Indian weapons) and Porter Hall, Jack McCall (who murdered Wild Bill Hickok). <br /> <br /> In general, the film picks up the story of the United States after the Civil War, Lincoln is shown at the beginning to say that the next step now, when Lee surrendered. Lincoln spoke of the need for the West (more on this below). He then announces that he has to go to the theater. This April 14, must have been very busy Abe - in "Virginia City" it provides pardon Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins in the day <br /> <br /> In fact, while Lincoln was concerned . West, his immediate thoughts on the last day of his presidency was the reunification of the former Confederate states, and citizens of the Union as quickly as possible. This reconstruction, which occupies his attention, not to the west (to Maximilian tasks and its French-controlled forces in Mexico against Juarez apart). But he was involved in real problems with the West. In 1862, he sent the disgraced General John Pope, who lost for the second Manassas, Minnesota, to suppress serious Sioux Indian War (the theme of the novel McKinley Kantor, «Sprit Lake." Dad, incompetent against Lee and Jackson, proved, to be very effective here, and the uprising was crushed. <br /> <br /> However, the real focus of Lincoln to Western issues, it is doubtful that he says (as Cooper is repeated at least once), "frontier It should be safe. "There's nothing to say that he could not say, but it Nauru . D or profound aphorism leading statesman As they say, Teddy Roosevelt said, ".. Eat a good breakfast every morning for your health" is not a profound statement of policy is, at best, an application known fact Cooper turning it into a little mantra like. Lincoln's version of the Monroe doctrine, funny ... the typical ways DeMille scenarios have a very bad mistake common sense in them. <br /> <br /> However, this is not detrimental m istake. «The Plainsman» this adventure, and as such, he has the full benefit of DeMille movie spectacle maker. As such, it is well worth watching. But not as a textbook on the political ideas of Lincoln or its Quotable heritage.
