Kim Basinger stars as Della, a housewife who has twins (Terri and Tammy, played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and abusive jerk for a husband (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> the film begins on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is on his way home from work, I could also manage to add a nice car. He is on his cell phone arguing with a business partner, I would assume. When he comes home, he sees what a mess the floor with shoes and toys spread all. It angers him even more, and he takes with his wife, Della, asking her why the house is always a mess. He pushes her against the wall. Double watch the stairs. He punches the wall, leaving a hole in it and leaves. It tends to the children, trying to calm them down. After this is all said in done, it needs to go to the store to do some shopping at the last minute and because she is from wrapping paper. She gets there and the parking lot is full, because there are a lot of buyers at the last minute there. Despite the fact that she is looking for a place to park, she noticed the car, taking two places, and it irritated her. She finally found a place to park, makes her way through to the piggies car and leave a note under the wiper, causing the owner to "selfish jerk". Then she goes to the mall to make it last minute shopping. <br /> <br /> When she finally does leave the mall, it is closed, and many people have left already. Not owner of the car, she left a note, but she says on the way to her car. She also points out that the note she left under the wiper no longer exists. Odd. If she gets in her car, she gets to run it. She sees a car coming up behind her and he blocks it from backup. She goes out of the car, only to be opposed by the vehicle owner (Chucky-play Lukas Haas), she left a note on the squad and his gang of friends. Scream comes and shopping policeman (no, not Paul Blart) makes its way to them to see what the problem is, only that it will beat out the brains of his head Chucky. While this is happening, Della jumps in her car, runs and drives it on the median in front of her. Chucky and his party to jump in the car and chase. Della ends up crashing her car in a log pile in the development of housing construction, but it is a whole. She manages to make it to the back of her car, open the hatch and grab a set of tools before the thugs there. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Dell spends rest of the night, trying to escape, and with wit thugs, armed only with the tools that it has at its disposal as a weapon. The first murder, in my opinion, is the best. The first murder, which carries Della anyway. The last one was probably the weakest, and he was the best, given that it was the main bad guy is nearby. <br /> <br /> I recognize that there will be some that put off the purchase of an end, and I pulled myself a bit. Overall though it was a fun flick and is moving along nicely on it is 1 hour and 20 minutes run time.
