Gordon Parks, a prolific Black Life magazine photographer, made a real ticking-ticking another from the film here - one that does not mess around! Based on the true story of two NYC cops - later dubbed Batman and Robin - who is alone employed radical tactics to clean up their neighborhood precinct of drugs, this is an excuse buddy movie to the fact that the term has become a repeated formula. Lightning pace, there are not Alone Blank scene here. <br /> <br /> The man at the beginning of the 70th NYC was a horrible place to be a police officer, according to the film, as is "Serpico." These two policemen begin as security divisions newcomers destroying dealer in civilian clothes in his spare time. But instead of getting applause from the city police department, they do not get nothing but resistance and antagonism on the part of their peers. They must navigate a minefield alone police and legal corruption, a boneheaded job to prevent them from working on the streets, ruthless drug lords and reverse ghetto town. <br /> <br /> And David Selby and Ron Leibman fantastic in leads; part of the fun in watching Leibman eyes darting around wildly in every scene that is immaculate comic performance, and action Selby discreet and crooked. These two aspects make every comedy scene work - tangible reflection of disappointment mixed with fearless determination. Parks is the director, who was already known for his coverage of controversial issues in his photographs, does not shy away from the grain of history. Most likely, the film is uncompromising in the image of toughness police the world and criminals streets, that these two men inhabit. Adding to that realism is the fact that the real Hans and Greenberg acted as technical consultants for the film, and even appeared in a cameo role surreal two colleagues, who make fun of the protagonist. This is a real tribute to the effectiveness of Parks areas that it manages to fully balance the depressing mileu with bright comedy <br /> <br /> Why MGM / UA let it sit on the shelf for 30 years. - just giving it a home movie or a DVD-release in the US? This is a minor masterpiece from the 1970s.
