Before the crash had been an interesting film called Grand Canyon. Released about 14 years earlier than the former film, the Grand Canyon was a movie about two people from different backgrounds who come together as friends for life. For me the crash was still slightly better movie, but the Grand Canyon was no slouch either. <br /> <br /> taking place in Los Angeles, the upper class lawyer by the name of Mack (Kevin Kline) takes a shortcut through the seedier side of the city only to his car break down at the most inopportune moment. It calls for a tow truck, and you have to wait a while, but in the near future be threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the driver of the tow truck arrives at the right moment, and Simon of steps (Danny Glover), to take the car away. Both are under threat, but Simon manages himself, Mack, and the car with horrible. It is from here on that the friendship develops between the two men throughout their lives with Simon Mack rescued just like Simon helped him to a dangerous situation before. You see, Simon's sister Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with two children, and fears of his eldest son, who seems to roam the streets at night with some bad people. Mack offers them a better place to live, as well as Simon throwing another his secretary Jane (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main plot of the film, but there are other, smaller parcels associated with the same secretary mentioned above (Mary-Louise Parker) and his wife Poppy, (Mary McDonnell), who discovers an abandoned baby long after their son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto, in his first film role) went to camp for the summer, and will probably be moving on its own life in the near future. Details of all of these sites are combined into one complex film, which uses police helicopter as a metaphor for life and, as a bridge entwine all the different scenes. This simple plot device works very well and is very helpful with the flow of history. <br /> <br /> Director Kezdan whose biggest film on that date was the Great Cold, created a beautiful film here. The cast is excellent, and most of the ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately, it falls short of greatness, because there are some points that would have made the film even more silent. The history of the secretary is the one and the other with his nephew Simon is another. These scenes were more secluded whole story, and then, maybe, looks Kezdany in life between upper and lower classes would be more on a higher level, rather than just very good. Nevertheless, the Grand Canyon has surpassed all expectations, and so you get to see the view of the canyon, that this film was named after. There is also a small role Steve Martin, Davis, producer of rigid films, offering his views on life, and a small part to play in the ideas of the film.
