If you really want to know, as most actors and directors in Hollywood "done", where they are, the vast majority will tell you (assuming that they will say) that a strange coincidence occurred. They met by chance with the right people at the right time and get into the right project, which led to other compounds and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino took acting class, the teacher knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey picked up the rocker passes the sleeping grandmother lectures famous playwright, who helped him land an important role. And Robin Williams credits his career Gary Marshall's son, who, after having seen "Star Wars", suggested to his father that a foreigner must visit the Cunninghams with «Happy Days». These coincidences, watched many times as pure luck, forms many careers in Hollywood today. Or is it luck? Maybe something else is going on? "Grand Canyon" written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, offers a very different explanation of the unknown, it is an amazing wonderful coincidence. Cinema problems several different characters whose lives intersect due to the positive and still unexplained accident. <br /> <br /> Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, feels the breaking of one of the most dangerous areas of Los Angeles. After he calls a tow truck, a young gang accosts him. They are threatened with violence if he did not leave his car. Just before the confrontation could escalate, Danny Glover is both a driver and a tow truck to put out the intention of the gang. Although Glover denies it later, he probably saved the lives of Cline. Producer (Steve Martin) cheap violent movie gets shot in the leg, and after wards have spiritual experiences. He then announces retirement from the production bloody and entertainment. And his wife Kline, Clair (Mary McDonnell), while on a morning jog, is a child hidden in some leaves. She argues that the child was crying for her and that her "rescue" the baby was destined. <br /> <br /> The film explores the further results of these strange connections that lead to long-distance relationship, end of a relationship and new beginnings, and all the while, a strange homeless man appears throughout the film as if some way it also involves with all that is happening. <br /> <br /> It is very rare in Hollywood, or for the film as a whole, for the study of such a purely esoteric subject. There are a few things that seem a little unbelievable, but perhaps this is the point. What makes the film work is a superb actor cast. Although the miracles and coincidences may seem far-fetched, the actors make you believe that they feel these new realities. Maybe this is a topic that we need to explore more and more.
