This production was made in the mid-1980s, and appears to be the first serious attempt to put the house on a cold film. A lot of the film version of the novel was ever tasted (it is amazing rich podagovorami that actually serve as a counterpoint to each other, so that it would be very difficult to cut it down). The novel was the only attempt to make Dickens a central narrator (one of two in the) women, Esther Summerson. Esther raised by her aunt and uncle, who (in the typical style of Dickens) tortured her. It is illegal, but they will not tell her anything about its origins. Later we will be linked with the nobility, Sir Leicester Dedlock and his wife. Lady Deadlock Honorius (Dame Diana Rigg) has a more difficult time about his personal life and interferes with part of the family attorney Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We are also associated with Richard Carstone actions (Esther boyfriend) in an attempt to win the long stretched estate Chancery case Zharndis v Zharndis that all (even Richard's cousin John Zharndis - played Desmond Elliot). It warns not worth the effort. <br /> <br /> Dickens was a law reporter, then a parliamentary reporter before he wrote fiction. Starting with the broken promises in the case of Notes Dickens peered law. Mr. Bumble said it "ass" in Oliver Twist, Dickens will consistently support this view. He looks at the slums as a hotbed of crime in TWIST, that the law is just trying to cure. He attacks the office and outdated laws of real estate, as well as too powerful and greedy lawyers attorneys (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) in a cold house. In Little Dorrit, he attacks the debtors prison (he also hit his David Copperfield). In our mutual friend, he looks at the testator and wills. The Mystery of Edwin Drood, he probably was going to go to a murder case. Dickens was a much more important legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the novel also looks at other issues (for example, charitable and religious hypocrisy, promising Scotland Yard detective force, social snobbery in the industrial revolution). It also uses the novel to make fun of different people: Leigh Hunt writer, Inspector Fields Scotland Yard, and even the notorious Mary Manning. Most of these items have been stored in this wonderful mini-series version. If this is again shown on the cable station to catch him.
