Two thirds of the nearly 2,000 IMDb users voted in this film already rated it an 8, 9 or 10 and one custom reports wears six videotapes (Was this post, or simply faulty VCR?). Despite the fact that the film is primarily intended as part of the period, he clearly has a rather unusual hobby. But for some reason I imagined it as basically a whim and, until recently, had never felt the desire to watch it. My mind was changed Elizbeth original book in von Arnim. My wife likes to read, but her eyes no longer allows her to read a lot, so she borrowed it in the form of conversation books. Such books are usually annoying companion, who is busy with other things, but I gradually came to appreciate that this one was seductively soothing, though by no means thick, and was also very well written. I realized that my wife will enjoy watching the movie, and so I decided to buy her a videotape. Now I am very glad that I did, and certainly recommend its purchase to anyone else who appreciates a quiet reflective work without any fireworks, but with a well-constructed character development and very successful previous Mussolini Italian atmosphere. The story unfolds in the period immediately after WW1 and begins with two married London will, who decided to combine their savings and enjoy your vacation together, away from their families, in a rented villa in Italy. Force of circumstances lead to these pairs associated with the other two very different characters and the background. His subject is not in fact, no more than the interactions that occur in their holiday progresses, and not just between these four very diverse mature ladies, but sometimes with a male visitors. If you want action, thrills, dramatic sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters, or songs in the style of Harlequin is not the film for you. But IMDb users collectively and very clearly showed that none of them are not necessary for the film to be very useful to watch, and if you care to give it a try you may, like me, came to rank him among their I loved films. <br /> <br /> it's pretty rare for me to see the film of the book, which I already know. In many cases, I think it takes a part of the fun of watching a movie, but there is such a strong visual appeal in an environment that I really found my pleasure augmented in anticipation to see the next segment of the book effectively deployed in front of my eyes. (Maybe that Italy itself has some part in this, the last time I had this experience when I watched the fairy tale with the Decameron of Boccaccio on TV.) As a rule, books, movies, tend to increase the dramatic level of the original work to ensure that the filmed version has even more attractive, but if something is reduced to keep the audience's attention on the development of a gradual nature, and not on any background events. It works very well, although the changes in the book is small, and mostly the film stays true to the original story. Great credit due to the director, Mike Newell, and all the members of the cast, especially the well-known British actresses who play the four main ladies.
