Three girls, the youngest of the family descendants of the Gaylord, one of the royal families of America, orphaned at a young age. Right before he goes to France to fight in World War I, my father says senior, Fiona, never sell the land. By the time the sisters have grown up, they should have to waste much of their money to pay for lawyers to defend their property. Through certain loopholes in the will of his father, a man named Charles Barkley should take possession of the land the Gaylord, which he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who buys the land and buildings of the richest families in New York, so he could build a Rockefeller. <br /> <br /> This film deals mainly with problems melodramatic three sisters, Fiona, played by Barbara Stanwyck well, although it certainly would not be considered one of his best roles, it seems cold, domineering woman, and it becomes clear that she has some skeletons in the closet. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, a little ditsy and totally in love with a young contemporary artist named Gig Young. Coleman was my favorite show in the film. Evelyn plays Geraldine Fitzgerald, is quite pretentious temptress with a monocle, who married the noble blood in England, but that does not stop her trying to steal from her sister Gig. Three sisters developed quite well, but as it is the main trend in the gay sisters, never good enough. Charles Barkley played by George Brent. He is not very good. Well, it will be satisfactory if the story was played out as it should have, but he always seems to be thugs in the film. When we asked to sympathize with him at the end of the film, it's impossible. Gig Young played to?, Gig Young. No, he does not play himself. What happened is that the actor, who starred in several films previously under his real name, Byron Barr, was pressured by Warner Brothers, to change his name to something more catchy. I do not know who made the final choice, but in the end he changed his name on the screen to Gig Young, after the character he plays in the gay sisters. Strange, is not it? Young pretty well for most of the film, but the script is doing some bad things to his character at the end of the film, which ultimately harm the sympathy of the audience to him. In two other supporting roles, Helen Timig and Gene Lockhart is very good. <br /> <br /> Gay Sisters has a great potential to be one of the greatest cinematic sagas. The characters are all interesting, and their situation. Unfortunately, the script never seeks anything more than a simple melodrama. If it did interrelatedness of all the main characters more complex, concretized, for example, the rivalry between Evelyn and Sousse or a retrospective of more complex, the film would be fantastic. He could have also specified the prologue longer let us know more about the Gaylord family. We need to care more about the characters, and we have to sympathize with them. And the ending must be some major fixing. It basically just gives you at the end. Fiona problems are so bad that it hurts. Regardless of liking her character she acquired as the film progressed falling apart. This, too, too happy. This story seems to be going to the tragedy, or maybe just a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barkley. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig never resolved. How bad, how the story ends with Fiona, Susanna, Gig, and Evelyn worse. <br /> <br /> I still liked the film. It thoroughly watchable, even if it is not connected with us, as well as other great films era. 7/10, primarily for its potential. It had to be redone, and the novel was re-adapted to a certain point during the studio era. He also dated redone now. In the 1950s would be the best time, while films such as Giant.
