The first time I saw Rob Roy twelve years ago. With a small amount of money on entertainment, I rented him my fiance and I look at the night of the bone frosty winters. A film that I wanted to, so I rented it instead, was not expecting much, and was very surprised at how good it was. Most recently, I watched it again and loved it every bit as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with the story, it's about Scottish outlaw Rob Roy MacGregor, pastoralists and national hero. From the little I know about the man and his history, liberties were taken with the facts, but this is a movie, not a textbook, so the filmmakers could be released. Basically, the plot of the film is that Rob Roy borrows money to buy cattle Marquis of Montrose, which he then intends to sell and make a large profit from. But his plan thwarted when one entrusted with the money taken away and killed in the presence of the forest. Our hero is on the run after failing to settle the matter with the Marquis, and Mary, his wife suffering sadistic rape in the hands of Archibald Cunningham, in an insinuating Englishman, without a soul. Atrocities occur, yet very satisfied with the conclusion of Rob Archibald Sun carves like a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many great performances in this film, but let me touch on a few specific. Liam Neeson, as usual, is fantastic, sexy beast, you can not take your eyes off. Honestly, this man, like ice cream: even when it is bad, that it is good. His Rob Roy noble man struggling to provide for those who depend on it, the best way he knows how. Jessica Lange, like Mary, give this woman a rage, which is a nice change from the simpering, dull wives cinema audiences tend to endure. You just know that it does not accept any b.s from Rob, or anyone else for that matter. Meanwhile mouth completely over with his portrayal of the evil Archibald, but somehow it works. All the posturing and cleaning, coupled with some godless dialogue, as a result of one of the most memorable movie villains in recent years. Combine all this, and a stellar work of other supporting players, with lush landscapes of Scotland, and you have what amounts to a very, very cool movie. If you have not seen it, I highly recommend you do.
