1995, when so many people were talking about the big premiere BraveHeart Mel Gibson, also saw another very thin, yet underrated film of Scottish history, Rob Roy. Despite the fact that this is a very different film, especially because of the historical period, the story unfolds in, ROB ROY has much in common not only with amazing Braveheart, but also with the spirit of the epic films. <br /> <br /> It is a film that discusses such topics as the fight for the dignity, courage, honor, revenge, the family is the key to happiness. It also leads us to the happiness of the Scottish highlands, where the human soul finds its tranquility surrounded by all the grandeur of nature. Rob Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the protagonist of a real hero (so universal in the epics), a kind of "Scottish Robin Hood", which is struggling to lead his people from the oppression imposed by the cold heart of the ruling. Despite the fact that it aggravates their situation through their actions, have to suffer a lot, two things are in his mind no doubt: an honor that he gave them, and love for his woman, Mary McGregor (Jessica Lange). This leads him to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> for interesting content and a fairly bright effect except, the film is filled with truly stunning visual effects. This factor is associated with both the sets and locations of the film, as well as a wardrobe. Many memorable moments remain in the mind of any viewer who can afford an understanding of artistic images. For me, the most beautiful scene was in the mountains, when Rob Roy tells his children that actually means pride. Then he sends them, and beautifully makes love to his woman. The scene he runs Marguis from Montrose (John Hurt) to the waterfall is also worth a look as stunning visual. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some scenes of violence, as in the match, for example, but I do not think that this violence is just as harmful, as in many other contemporary films. His excuse as any other in the EPIC: bloodshed and brutality since been very serious and there would be no reason to hide it. The most disturbing scene for me was rape done on the wife of Rob Roy Story villain: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's really disgusting, and children have to stay away. However, everything else suitable Nevertheless, there is one aspect that I really loved this film, performance. <br /> <br /> All the actors do excellent jobs, from leading Lian Nissan, which is very well suited for the role of tall, manly, strong Scottish people supporting cast Brian Cox, who draws evil Killearn, a silent witness to the terrible things that are experiencing comfortable with a wicked war. Jessica Lange is very good as Mary McGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments in the film. There is chemistry between Ms Lange and Mr. Nissan in many of his scenes. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, does a terrific job as Marguis Montrose, damaged person for whom money is an end in itself be achieved by any means. I like that the rest of his image. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth, which accurately reflects the unfortunate side of his character, Archibald - the man who mocks the love that loves war, and who finds true love in the rape and slaughter. But, as in any good epic, an exceptional evil should find its end ... <br /> <br /> And another aspect: score: such a memorable and sentimental melodies that are associated sound in my ears for a long time, the final moment touched me to tears, not only because of the beauty of its transports, but because I am deeply united these blissful melodies with the grandeur of places. Scotland remains at the center of the visitor and the film reminded me of a permanent effect. It was as if my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very good movie, very well directed, photographed and acted. It may not be equal to BraveHeart with its spectacular sets and crowds of extras in the action scenes, but it's pretty long movie with a great attention to be on one very important feature of the movie should be: excellent entertainment combined with a heart formation. I really liked the movie, do not hesitate to call him metaphorically "highlands entertainment" and evaluate it 9/10
