To bad for the thin film, that he was to be released in the same year as Braveheart. Although this is a very different kind of film, the conflict between the Scottish and the English nobility, commoners is central here. It took about 400 years between the time there had been a brave and Rob Roy has been established, but some things never seemed to change. Scotland is still run by English noblemen, and mountaineers can never seem to catch a break in communication with them. Rob Roy beautifully done, but not great epic that was Braveheart. There's no major battles, and the conflict between people here anymore. And helpful so not all Englishmen are portrayed as evil this time. Rob Roy just a movie about those who are proud, and those who do evil. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson starring Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the Clan MacGregor and its main function is as a rule, and to protect the local livestock noble record, known as the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). Things look pretty rough for the McGregor clan, as the winter is approaching, and there does not seem to have enough food for everyone. Rob Roy gathers plan to borrow 1,000 pounds from the Marquis and get some of their cattle. He could then have to sell them at a higher price and use the money to improve the overall well-being of the community. Sounds fair enough, is not it? Problems arise when two close friends of the Marquis steal the money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, perhaps the most evil characters ever put on film. Played well, Tim Roth, this man is a beggar-used to be noble, who was sent to live with his mother Marquis. This man is effeminate disgusting, rude, heartless, and very dangerous with the ball. He is the child's father from the hands of women and refuses to be accountable. He rapes the wife McGregor and burns it out of the house. This guy is really rotten, like the heroes of the film come. Along with another protege of the Marquis (Brian Cox) Cunningham stole the money and uses it to settle its debts. Although this is painfully obvious to most people that happened, the Marquis still holds McGregor in debt. This creates a conflict that will take many lives and challenge the human strengths just fighting to keep his dignity. <br /> <br /> Spoilers ahead !!!!! <br /> <br /> Fortunately for McGregor's, Duke, that is not the Marquis of each sets final bout between Rob Roy and Cunningham, to resolve the conflict one and for all. This sword fight was considered by many as one of the best ever filmed. Cunningham, is considered by many to be a sure winner with his speed and finesse. And for most of the fight, it seems, these attributes will win. Just when it looks like Rob Roy finished, he turns the tables in shockingly grotesque manner. The first time you see what happens, you'll probably be shocked how Cunningham! Rob Roy beautifully filmed, acted well, and well-paced. Evaluation is very catchy, too. The choice of casting, it seems, worked like Jessica Lange, which might seem that of its elements, in fact, is one of the most heavily favored as Mary McGregor. The film is hard, but not too much gore. This lust picture full of deviant behavior, however. The nobility mostly played as the immoral and mean-spirited. The film has no obvious flaws, so it gets 10 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> Dogs.
