It is a moving story about the legendary hero of Scotland, Rob Roy, and his battle with the feudal. Like Braveheart, to whom he is often compared, it's not very historical. In spite of their primarily fictional character, I appreciate how these films is high and it will be difficult to choose between them. 13th century, William Wallace, as noted by others, the larger-than-life national rate, while at the beginning of the 18th century Rob Roy comes as the honorary, but ordinary Scotsman. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around an ordinary leader Rob Roy MacGregor, who lives in the Scottish highland cottage with his wife Mary and two young sons. As the film begins, he and his relatives hunted down some thieves who stole the cattle of the local lord. Rob Roy, wants to improve the conditions of life of their people so satisfied to take a thousand pounds to Scottish local noble, awnings Montrose, to buy cattle graze on the market. He temporarily entrusted the money to his friend, Alan MacDonald. If both McDonald and the money will be not enough, Rob Roy finds himself in conflict with the Montrose, and his despicable protégé, Archibald Cunningham and his fallen factor, Killearn. honor of Rob Roy is also tested when Montrose seeks to draw him into giving false testimony against his opponent, the Duke of Argyll, which he wants to be accused Jacobite. <br /> <br /> The charismatic Liam Leeson is brilliant as Kilted mountaineer Rob Roy, intelligent, brave and noble hero and a man whose pride is crucial to the story. Personally, I think this is the best performance of Nissan, his brogue (though Irish) adding authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy stubborn, proud, courageous and honest man whose word can be trusted. He loves the husband and father, as well as touchingly loyal to his friend, MacDonald, who is accused of robbing him. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth skillfully draws his main opponent, and certainly one of the most vile and sadistic cinematic villains, Archibald Cunningham, selfish, ruthless strutting peacock. He's very feminine for someone who makes it his main business is to rape a local woman, be prepared or otherwise. Cunningham himself miserable constantly refers to the fact that he's a bastard does not know the identity of his own father, though it hardly justifies his heinous crime of murder, rape and theft. In addition, he cruelly rejects the young maid, Betty, after she became pregnant with the child, as a result of suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and nifty Montrose, which ultimately means to be a father. <br /> <br /> Cunningham's film, in fact, very believable love story between an ordinary man and his wife, nice hot show the relationship between Rob Roy and Mary. Those who question the existence of passion in a marriage should watch this husband and wife! I think the phrase used by the couple, "How great you are to me ..." is definitely one of the most beautiful expressions of love throughout the film. <br /> <br /> The most convincing performance possible, Jessica Lange, as the wife of Rob, Mary McGregor. Not having makeup, she is pretty, but natural look strong peasant wife and mother. The actress brings great courage and dignity of their role, if it is rigidly raped despicable Cunningham, while disgusting looking at Killearn. Her dialogue Plain says, but filled with pride and sophistication. I give her Hollywood tribute, this time they showed just enough of rape scenes to reveal his cruelty, as well as the pain and humiliation of Mary, but did not intend to sensationalism. Their relative, Alastair McGregor, shows the emotional pain, he learns about the rape Mari and later meal, when she swears he did not keep a secret and not disclose it to her husband's violation of Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film shows the beautiful scenery of Scotland, as well as a generous period costumes and a corresponding musical scoring. There's no grand battle scenes in Braveheart, but continuous involvement of the action and particularly exciting sword fight in the final match between Rob Roy and Cunningham. It's a fun movie with intense action and how beautiful love story.
