Ride With the Devil, there is something rich and special, if you can stand the slow development. At the decision of the dark, rough threads tough guerrilla war in the American West during the civil war (which in turned spawned robbers of the old west from the 1870s), the film is a strange pleasure, unmanipulated atmosphere. What I refer to is the tendency of music and film lighting to make you feel the mood you would expect to feel. But instead RWTD has a relatively upbeat soundtrack, and allows the words and actions of the speaker to set the mood, rather than manipulation of the viewer's senses. <br /> <br /> As enthusast this particular area of ​​history CW, I m impressed with the accuracy of the film. Diologue know how it is written (even with a good sense of humor sometimes) with reference to previous Bushwhackers border battle (independence, for example ... far from Oregon Trail!). Minor events that occur in a group of like Jake's the real events that took place ... especially the attacks when they holes in the house, and the destruction of the store / booth. Action scenes, though rare, fairly well satisfied. He even has a first CW cavalry battle put on film in recent years. <br /> <br /> The direction shows the talent of each expects from Ang Lee subtle ways. Example: John Black character shown tease resident Lawrence during the massacre: "Where is your army Who are we fighting? Who are we fighting? (Grafting then switches to a trio of Federal regulars standing, doing nothing to stop the carnage, and the voice continues) You are all cowards! "Who are cowards, really? Little touches like this really improve the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> There are no large areas of egregious in history, what can be said about the masterpieces of the movie Fame, which was basically a fiction in the context of major developments worth. Some minor issues include the fact that the years, as the events shown do not add up. But you will never notice it. More curious is the fact that the only African-American man in arms character in the film is a quasi-slave fight for Jake and his Federal Bushwhackers. It is true that some negros fought for the Confederacy there, including one who is scouting for Lawrence to attack Quantrill (Who would suspect him?). While this is a black rebel fasinating character (regardless of PCs African-Americans might think of it), no black Union infantry can be seen in the film, which would be more represenative of the black experience in the Western CW. One of the first black regiments CW was raised in Kansas (killer Senator Jim Lane, and up to the 54th the Mass. Reg. Glory be organized), and black troops in battles such as Baxter Springs, Kansas, has played a critical role. <br /> <br /> not glaring historical error. Good, realistic action that is infrequent and not gratitous. Good direction. This movie may not be blockbusters other recent civil war were, but it is the purest of any work.
