Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose previous films include "Sense and Sensibility" and "The Ice Storm", addressed to the American Civil War for its latest features. Based on the novel by Daniel Vudrell worth feats southern guerrilla group known as the Bushwhackers, as they battle their northern equivalents jayhawkers in the backwoods of Missouri. <br /> <br /> As you might expect, there are a lot of visceral action, but the emphasis is on the tension that the war put on the young men who fought it - many of whom fought against their former neighbors and even family. Jake Rodel (Tobey Maguire) is a man, or rather boys, he's only seventeen when the war reaches Missouri. He is the son of German immigrants, but instead to follow his countrymen and be a unionist, he joins his friends for the rest of the life of Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and travels with Bushwhackers. Despite the lack of recognition because of its origin and the reluctance to participate in the killing of unarmed Union, he remains faithful to the cause. So does his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave freed by another tramp and so is fighting for. <br /> <br /> South Lee treats the subject with aplomb, never rushing deep introspection, that the plot requires for action, and it gives the film a sense of the reality of war - long periods of boredom and waiting interfered with occasional flashes of strong terrible struggle . Action unglamorised and perfectly open, recognizing that both sides had committed a large number of crimes. <br /> <br /> performances beautifully, with Maguire and Wright as a courageous and dignified. Before-and-coming Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers particularly scary as discreet killer, while Skeet Ulrich nice polite and arrogant. Or never flinches from the reality of the war, but the actors do an excellent job of showing the good that comes from it - friendly growth, demonstrate courage, and, on a broader scale, the emancipation of the oppressed peoples. Ride with the Devil beautiful and deeply moving film that regularly shocks, but the audience is always moving.
