<br /> <br /> In anticipation of the new Ang Lee movie "Crouching Tiger," I saw it in the blockbuster, and realized that I'd give it a try. The civil war film is not a typical movie I watch. Fortunately, though, I had a good feeling about this director. This film was beautifully written. Dialogue in the old southern style, but it does not sound ridiculous cornily and the elderly. Exciting action helped this aspect of the film. Maguire was awesome. I thought he was a good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but here he shines. I always thought that Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here it is fine as well. Big shocker for me was Jewel. It was surprisingly good. Jeffrey Wright, who I had never heard before, is also great in this movie. It seems to me that a lot of action and great writing and directing go hand in hand. The film with poor writing makes the actors look bad, and vice versa. This film was the perfect combination. Actors look shiny and character development is exciting. The film keeps you wanting and hoping for some good things and bad things to others. This allows you to really get to know the characters, which are all very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complicated, and keeps you on the edge of your seat, guessing, and ready for anything at any time. Literally dozens of times, I was sure that someone was going to kill in the silent parts in the movie that were "too quiet" (brilliant uncut). It was also beautifully shot film. The scenery is breathtaking sun (this in Missouri and Kansas benefit sakez), but obviously a lot of attention put into collecting more options nature. It has this rough and rugged feeling, but retains an elegance that is very pleasing to the eye. The film was deep. He told a story, and at the same time make you think. He had the layers beneath this outer Civil War history. In particular, it focused on two characters that were not completely sure that they fought. There were a lot of deeper issues that are examined in this film, too much to choose from. This was beautifully written short story filled with symbolism and artistic additions that leave you thinking, during and after the story is done. If you want a great acting, writing, a lot of action, as well as some of the best ever direction, see this movie! Take a chance on him.
