I watched this movie twice now DVD, and both times he did not fail to impress me, its unique fair treatment. It's more like a description of reality than most other Hollywood fare, especially on a topic that is still hotly debated. Despite the fact that sticks out in close cooperation with the southern point of view, it is not necessary to question it, and in the end only verdict that the war is lost, it does not matter that cruelty is the common denominator. <br /> <br /> What really makes this film outstanding is the refusal to dramatize. Currently, the really good films (in a nutshell) few and far between, with the basic fare to be pleasant (if you do not have high expectations), but very energetic commercially. I think that this film comes off as a really good movie (not being a masterpiece), because it sticks to itself, and gives the viewer the opportunity to observe and analyze it, instead of wanting to bomb its effect and emotion to wash his intellect. This movie is cool, observers, and even light hand in his opinion, is a good thing. <br /> <br /> The story has its drawbacks, especially Character Jewel off in disbelief, but then again, the situation at that time was so chaotic that the young widow would only be logical in some way to return to a normal life, even to decide freely and each subsequent guy. However, it does not come off as weak, in fact I think it is one of the most powerful characters, it is always in relationship management, with men only indicated. And I take it very thankful that she was not crying widow. I believe that the death of the 19th century, a loved one has been something much more normal than it is now. You could die so easily from even minor illnesses and injuries, so the prospect of someone dying, while, of course, causes sadness, not to injure people, as it does today. People do not seem to build the sanctuary of his lost, as they do now, and I like that attitude. <br /> <br /> My recommendation is for smart people to see this movie, if they are in the mood for something different from the usual Hollywood fare. Do not look, if, if you want non-stop action or lease emotions of the heart.
