Ogre does not seem to have won itself a very good reputation since its release in 1988, and I believe that the reason for this can be traced back to the fact that he was given the subtitle «Demons 3" in order to help him sell better, well, a film directed by Lamberto Bova; the man behind the first two films Demons and ogres and demons are somewhat similar (in that they are both "monsters" anyway) ... but other than that, this film does not have any ties with the other two films. It is, however, pretty good! Italian filmmakers known for ripping off the popular movie, and although it is not quite obvious; I think that this one took a fair bit of influence from Hellraiser. The plot focuses on a horror writer, who moves with her husband and son in a castle in Italy. It does not give rest the memories, when she was a child, and found the Ogre lives in the basement of his home. It is not long after moving to the castle before returning these visions ... and that can be more than just a coincidence, she begins to believe that there is a murderous cannibal living in the cellar. <br /> <br /> The film was obviously shot on a budget and it was made for Italian television, so it would be unrealistic to expect that something brilliant; but for what it is, of course, a very decent horror film. Bova Lambert may not have a sharp eye, his father Mario did; but it takes a lot of time in creating a foreboding atmosphere that really compliments the film well. Central setting, great castle, makes the perfect place for history, as it will take place in and Lambert makes the best of it; even if it involves breaking the wonderful films of time; such as pool scene Inferno style. The story itself is not as good as in the atmosphere, several scenes are drawn out too long, and the relationship between the characters rather strange (especially between spouses). There's not a lot of bloodshed, but the BAS did get to do a bit of special effects. eater itself looks really silly, and it is good that we do not get to see him very often. We are reduced to a fitting, if you are very predictable ending, and overall I have to say that this film is much better than expected, and comes recommended.
