For those who have not seen this movie yet, I have a friendly warning: do not look «La Casa dell'Orco», expecting no demons at all, because you will not find them here. This film is the third installment in the «Demons» series, and it has nothing to do with it what you want, except for the fact that Lambert Bova ordered them. In fact, Soavte «The Church» also known unofficial "Demons 3", and the name is misleading in this case as well, so go figure. It is obvious that due to the "Demons" success of the film; they were trying to deceive the public in the name of delusion, although it is obvious that it is incoherent story. Having said that, I believe it is unfair on the other hand, said that «La Casa dell'Orco» is not worth seeing. Frankly, the film is quite atmospheric and although there are some unintentionally hilarious situations, I thought it was really terrible in general. Nevertheless, I think it's fair to say that this story is somehow trying to imitate Fulci «The House at the cemetery." Of course, this is just a guess, I have, but I think I have good evidence. For example, in both films, Paolo Brand is a person in the family, in both films, there is an annoying little boy named Bobby, in both films, the woman at home handsome thirty-something who seems to be the only one to see, that there is something really wrong in a new home, and in both films, there is something really, really wrong going on in the cellar. I'm sorry, but I can relate both films are very easy, and I do not say that as an accusation. To the contrary, my point is that those who used the "House at the cemetery," probably will enjoy this movie as well, bearing in mind, of course, that the «La Casa dell'Orco» much less pretentious, less scary, not so atmospheric, but the formula is still there. <br /> <br /> in «La Casa dell'Orco», Charel, her husband Tom and their little son, Bobby, go on vacation trip in an old abandoned castle located in the heart of an Italian villa called Trifiri. Leaving aside the beauty of this place, soon after their arrival, Charel starting to have the feeling that she had been there before, it is impossible, given that it has never been in Trifiri before. Unfortunately, Charel can not get over it deja vu, and the worst is that her vision comes along with a picture of horrible creatures come after it. For those who are not very patient man to begin with, advises her to leave meaningless hallucinations aside and enjoy your vacation. However, this vision of women are becoming more and more real, and the peace and tranquility that they should have been enjoying suddenly turn into a living nightmare. Old nightmare of childhood Charel becomes real, and this time she will not be able to escape without encountering that menacing ogre first. <br /> <br /> As you might expect, the story turns out to be something a little simplified and as a result, it is difficult to fill one and a half hours. This means that the «La Casa dell'Orco» offers more than two sequences of nothing but complete silence and the image of the protagonist walking around the castle for a few minutes, reviving images of his childhood, and nothing else. This becomes quite tedious at times, but overall, it's nothing serious. Like many Italian horror movies that have come out during the late eighties, this movie is very stylish and efficient, but it also offers a good selection of unintentionally funny moments that make the film a memorable way. For example, a part in which Charel brutally hit her husband, and instead of having to go into the bedroom, crying, as I would expect that it strikes back against him, punching him in the face really hard and runs off into the woods like a maniac , funny thing, though, is the fact that two minutes later they again are you happy couple like punching each other, as it was the most natural thing in the world. I know it's silly, but I have found that it is absolutely hilarious. Ogre (which is obviously the villain stories) looks terrible and funny at the same time as well, and let's face it: a villain who can freak us and make us laugh a little bit, it's twice the welcome. It reminded me of Michael Jackson's «Thriller», but much more natural and the man, of course. But if you focus on the really nice aspects that I mentioned earlier: music composed by Simon Boswell is one of the high points, and even if it is pretty much always the same, it is perfect, and it helps to create a rather gloomy atmosphere at the moments of tension. So if I have to give its final statement on this film, I must say that I can not love him, including small flaws, and most people who use these typical Italian horror films from the eighties end years, won 't be disappointed with this. It has all the typical and always well accepted cliches like a crazy old man who is actually telling the truth, in fox local women, which is said to be a witch, terrible castle, a huge dark basement with a terrible secret, and the local people who are trying to prevent a tourist from hostility, to stay away from the infamous land. I would say that «La Casa dell'Orco» deserves two thumbs up and a slap in the face of your husband, as a way to pay tribute to the heroine of the story. Take this film for what it is and enjoy it.
