"Anchor Aweigh» is a product of classical music MGM production unit, and in general a pleasant film each ?? good music Julia Stein and others, great Gene Kelly dances (and even a passable job of Frank Sinatra) and well-paced fun script. The only major element I would like to criticize the casting Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in the film is always the audience will be exposed to endless pseudo-operatic trills with miniature Miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays a Marine military named Joseph Brady, people with mythical reputation around the ship, as an amateur, but whose charms Valentino-permanent subordinate in front of his less self-confident one with an incredible average American named Clarence (Sinatra). After receiving 3 days of shore leave in order to save the life of Clarence, Joe reluctantly agrees to help find the girl Clarence based on dubious assumptions that he owed him something for saving his life. They are made up policemen (Ragland rags), which requires them to help persuade the precocious boy (Dean Stockwell), who wants to join the Navy to return home, "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). First it Clarence, who is interested in wooing "Aunt Susan", but in the end the character of Kelly serves as a more likely candidate. <br /> <br /> There are several musical scenes standout, but nothing to get closer to the more well-known work Kelly in films like "Singing in the Rain" and "An American in Paris." Closer we get is a useless sequence with the character of Kelly's fantasy sequences, dancing with Jerry the mouse with the "Tom and Jerry" (although he seems to be closer in size of the dog or cat here than a mouse). It's an amazing sequence for its time, but does not have enough complexity or emotion to really stand the test of time. I really enjoyed the part of the sequence that occurred prior to the animation, where Kelly used a half a ballet movement to emphasize the transition to the world of fantasy, and where we see him dancing in a tunnel that looks like something straight out of "Alice in Wonderland. "<br /> <br /> eventually heroes find their way to their favorite bar Susan, somewhat sanitized Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana. There patrons happily let Mrs. Grayson tweet her aria of refuse, and control becomes very excited about the possibility that Clarence and has continued her singing with his "friend" Jose Icherbi (played by himself with a light humorous touch), Of course, they never met their "friend» Iturbi and they spend most of the length of the film is trying to contact him (in an amusing scene in nature Sinatra meets Iturbi, but mistakes it for piano and encourages him to give up the piano settings and try a professional career), I got into the studio and Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi rehearsing surreal symphony, which consists of several dozen young piano players ?? you're anything like outside the "1000 fingers of Dr. T" seen. Iturbi itself is its native shape of the cross in history ?? it represents an opportunity for salvation from heavy unfulfilling work and the possibility of fame and artistic achievements for the heroine. Each 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbi like to hear Ms. Grayson, her opera career to become a reality. 3 main characters are desperately trying to contact him, and they think of it as some distant and far mythological figure ?? a lot of charm and humor of the film comes from the contrast of this perception in the 'real' mannerisms are very down to earth maestro. And speaking of Iturbi contributions to the film, it also provides a very stimulating musical moment with his orchestral interpretation of "Donkey Serenade». <br /> <br /> When all is said and done, this is a film that no one who does not enjoy musicals want miss. Most of the music was written for this film, a good contrast to the recycled soundtracks for other opus Kelly as "Rain" and "American." Kelly is still at its early peak of adventure and boisterous in both his dancing and his interpretation of the character. Sinatra's voice never called e was in the best shape, and he rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell magical addition to the clan, and the nature of Grayson is a nice, if it's not posturing on stage. Iturbi adds that a well-grounded, but complex tone that's perfect It corresponds to the atmosphere and style of the classical era of MGM musicals. It is one of the best.
