Although in my opinion, is one of the least musical stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and directed by George Sidney, smaller musical distinguishing one from this series is nothing to sneeze at, and when combined, the line-up makes Anchors Aweigh pretty good film, despite the its shortcomings. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively, the two Navy men. As the film begins, they just pulled into Los Angeles for some much needed rest. Brady plans to visit a girlfriend named Lola. Doolittle still a bit wet behind the ears, quite appropriately, and is looking for advice about women from Brady in the private (public, screenwriter Isobel Lennart and Sydney have all men Navy comically overstate their grace to women with each other). Brady promises to help get hooked Doolittle, but primarily because Doolittle will not leave him alone otherwise. It puts a kink in his plans when local police generally get them to help with the little boy, who will receive the Navy. He did not give the police any information about who he is and where he lives. Brady helps he and Doolittle eventually takes the boy back home. If the boy's guardian, Susan Abbott (Grayson), finally appears, Doolittle goes gaga for it. Brady tries to convince him to forget about it; Brady just wants to get back to Lola. But they continue to get persuaded to return home to Abbott, and in the end something love triangle forms. Things become more complicated when Brady lies about knowing Doolittle famous musician, Jose Icherbi ~ d, which is in residence at the studio, and argues that Doolittle established audition for the Abbott, who is a singer and actress, before Iturbi. <br /> <br /> because of this story, a wonderful combination of music militaristic music - because of the Navy's facilities, obviously, Broadway pop - that stars tend to sing in a more informal setting, opera-- a great character Abbott handles, Liberace-like popular classic - what do Iturbi and Mexican music - because Abbott visited a Mexican restaurant in the Mexican section of LA combination does not work as well as it could. Many songs are good, and all the participants, of course, talented as a singer or a musician, but a genre hopping tends to lose coherence. Worse, there are several windows for Iturbi, who was apparently a big star at the time, that effectively bring the story to a halt, and that seems to be more than a bit sentimental at this time. I just watched another movie that happened to have great music, Robert Altman Kansas City (1996), but mistakenly stopped the story from time to time to turn into a concert film. Anchors Aweigh takes a similar tack. Yes, it's a musical, but there is a difference between the songs, which are set in motion and are an integral part of the plot and concert showcases, which seem like a material contractual obligation. <br /> <br /> There are also some plot problems. It is not very well established, so why Brady against the persecution of Doolittle Abbott. It can be assumed that Brady says Doolittle should not be involved with someone who has to take care of a child, and that seems to be on the "right" and traditional, but on the other hand, Brady can say that Doolittle is not the same as adultery temper Brad admits himself. Abbott seems to be well suited for Doolittle, and, in addition, Lennart worked hard to establish that Brady wants to just get Doolittle of hair and get to meet Lola - it seems that Brady character must be quickly laying Doolittle by any candidate, whether it good fit or not. This may seem a minor point, but in fact it is a loop about a third to half of the site. The story also seems a bit stretched. The length of the problem. Anchors Aweigh, with a frequency of about two hours and twenty minutes i had to cut at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> The above, of course, sounds like I'm complaining about the film too much to justify 8. I just wanted to point out what I see as the shortcomings, as is common on Anchors Aweigh much closer to it has none of the disadvantages. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson, of course, the charismatic, individually and collectively. They turn into good, interesting performances. Sinatra looks and acts much younger than his actual age of 29 years ?? 30 at the time of shooting. He plays extremely naïve, unspoiled character - completely different than most of the roles that he would later, and more than his public image as a singer. For Kelly, it was his breakthrough film, and rightly so. His choreography is varied and impressive as its action. Grayson charming, understated sophistication of its performance, and it is just fine. All this helps to override the flaws with the script and stretched stimulation <br /> <br /> And even a very interesting element that is likely to occur only because Sidney allowed the proliferation of a wide variety of moods -. the infamous Kelly dancing with Jerry the Mouse (with the "Tom and Jerry" fame) in an extended fantasy sequence. This is one of the earliest examples of combining live action and animation, and it's very well done and enjoyable, yet you fancy fan. The sequences of fantasy, as a rule, the best of the film. Agreed to the perfection in dance with Jerry Mouse longest song and dance number featuring Kelly and Grayson where Brady is Abbott in a scene from the film period while he looks after her, turning to acrobatic stunts to reach her physically, she stands on a high balcony. <br /> <br /> how uneven and shortcomings as a film, it is largely successful and interesting to watch. Proponents of classic musicals, of course, should not miss Anchors Aweigh, and neither should Sinatra fans who will get quite a kick out of his character.
