The film (like the royal wedding Astaire - which was shown after it on Turner Classic Network last night) is famous for a musical sequence, which was in the recording Gene Kelly: How Fred Astaire dancing with a clothes rack, and then dancing around the walls and ceiling of the room, this film was Gene Kelly dancing in the animation sequence with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is beautifully done. What is forgotten is that Kelly tells the story behind the cartoon sequence Dean Stockwell and his classmates in the school children during a break in the day, and creates the basis for a sequence with Stockwell and others close their eyes and imagine a pastoral background type. Kelly even change dark blues, it really is in the white "Pomeranian" dark uniform with blue stripes on it. Jerry Mouse is doing more than dancing with Gene. In fact, he says - it is the first thing he did not recur for decades. In addition, he finally puts Tom Cat into place - Tom briefly is the butler of King Jerry, trying to pick it up with a dish of cheese <br /> <br /> But the cartoon sequence with Kelly took about seven minutes. film. Much more of this kind of film is taken from the history of Kelly lost four days of vacation in Hollywood, and Kelly ends meet Kathryn Grayson (with Frank Sinatra) stalking Jose Icherbi at the MGM studio, Hollywood Bowl, and Iturbi-s own home. In addition, these two sailors did not mean any harm, this film could be quite alarming. <br /> <br /> Kelly saved the life of Sinatra in the Pacific Ocean, and gets a medal as a result. They are both among the crew back in California that receive four days holiday in. But the writers (for driving, which is a short film - Kelly plans to spend four days, having sex with a "Lola", the invisible girl a good time in Hollywood) saddle Gene Frank. <br /> <br /> I think Frank is one of those idiots who appear in the film after film film plants (in particular, the musical comedy), which are socially underdeveloped and in need of "instructions" of girls meetings (or guys when women characters). Frank claims that Gene help "teach him" how to get a girl. Only then did the police take them to the headquarters to help the cops a little boy (Stockwell), who insists on joining the Navy (and the cops will not give his real name and address). If protesting Kelly can get this information from Stockwell, asking him a few direct questions (which the police could not ask), they insist, Kelly to take the boy home to his aunt (Grayson). However, in a sign of protest, Kelly gets saddled with ever more complex problems (mainly due to the simplistic view of the soul of things Sinatra). He misses seeing Lola the next day to sleep late - Sinatra felt that he looked like he did not sleep to wake him. He keeps getting pulled back into the Grayson house so Sinatra feels that she is the right woman for themselves, but need Kelly to teach him to love-making. <br /> <br /> I think my idea of ​​the plot can be annoying fan of Anchor Aweigh, but I believe this kind of story is annoying. While singing and dancing and live music Kelly, Sinatra and Grayson Iturbi first year, it is annoying to take the idiocy of someone like Sinatra character seriously. In the real world, Kelly would beat the hell out of him in the beginning for subsequent at the beginning of four days of rest - that he has the right to insist (as Sinatra), someone who saves their lives to help him in learning how to date ? This kind of shit always spoils the overall effect of the musical for me - when the musical numbers are not as above, to make me forget this type of nonsense <br /> <br /> tracking Iturbi is also annoying .. Kelly tries to get Grayson like Sinatra, when he says that Sinatra could get her a meeting with Jose Icherbi audition singing ability. For most of the rest of the picture Sinatra and Kelly try to do it, and keep hanging out (at one point - indeed knowingly - Grayson himself destroys Kelly try to get an interview with MGM with Iturbi). It is only sheer luck (that Iturbi regret puzzled Grayson) that she gives him her talent audition. <br /> <br /> Kelly, by the way, ends with Grayson. conscience Sinatra at not being able to help her see Iturbi makes him ashamed of him bothering her (but not pull Kelly had, oddly enough), and at this time he accidentally runs into a meeting with a waitress (Pamela Britton) from his home in Brooklyn. And, of course, without any assistance from Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fall. Ah, the "consistency"! Your name is not "writers" is mandatory!
