Anchors Aweigh sees two eager young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), get a special four-day holiday on the beach. Wanting to get to the girls, in particular, Lola, neither Joe nor Brooklyn Joe figures to interrupt the small Navy-mad Donald (Dean Stockwell) and his Aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). The Unknown in the ways of the female and courtship, Brooklyn quickly enlists Joe to help him win over Aunt Susie. Along the way, however, Joe finds himself falling to the Galatians he thinks belongs to his best friend. As Brooklyn's going to take this betrayal? And that Joe end up with Susie, who loves him, too? <br /> <br /> In the first and the second time I saw the anchor Aweigh, I saw it at the same time as I did in the city, Kelly / Sinatra cooperation since 1949. Both times I felt I was better Anchor Aweigh film in terms of building and structure - all the dances and songs suitable moment in the story, and they develop the characters and the story, and not to disturb them. However, both times I left feeling that the city is, the better the film as a whole. Having now seen both films for the third time, I'm still standing in this opinion. Once at the city as a film and a piece of entertainment, only lighter, more fun, pure and simple * happier. Figures are more egregious and less an integral part of the plot, and yet somehow works better than all the dancing and singing Anchor Aweigh. I'm not quite sure why this is happening. The typical argument is that the last movie is too long: nearly two and a half hours, this is certainly a fair criticism to make. Of course, I felt the first two times the length I saw it! However, it is also a film that grows on you - the more you see, the shorter it feels and the more you appreciate the technical skills involved in its creation. And yet, something just does not hang together quite right. It feels almost as if the script has been pored over and * every * single moment when Kelly could break into a dance or Sinatra in the song, it was noted, and this is exactly what happened. A lot of opportunities do not shove a musical number in the distance ... and it's probably the biggest weakness of the film. It does not have 16 rooms (give or take a few), and no matter how big a fan you are Kelly and Sinatra, it really is becoming one numb after a while. (Compare this, for example, with ten rooms in the ON THE TOWN.) You may also feel that every song, every dance, can not be taken out of the movie in the comfort of his missing ... and it's true. But it is also because the authors have not been more restrained in adding them in the first place. <br /> <br /> All of this is a long preamble does not mean that there is nothing good Anchors Aweigh. Music * is flashy with great songs bursting out all over, like a duet between Kelly and Sinatra ( "We hate To Leave», «I begged her," and "If you knew Suzie"), singing Sinatra ( "What makes Sunset "" You charm ", and best of all," I Fall In Love too easy "), and, no doubt, always creative, always breathtaking dances Kelly. It is also hard to miss with a cast of this caliber. Grayson sweet and seems It improves with each view (and her voice becomes overwhelming, and not scary) role Jose Icherbite written with compassion, and he does s a lot of work with him, even his own Brooklyn Clarence, Pamela Britton, cute and charming ... as close as you can get to the Betty Garrett, not being itself a beautiful mountain Sinatra with these blue eyes and curls it, and plays innocent hlopchyk-! man well (a role he reprises in TOWN iN). His singing, as usual, just perfect the pronunciation to time and phrasing. His solos can seem to drag a bit, but if you have the voice of the century, demonstrating it is probably because as well as any reason to slow down the rest of the film! <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly sheer genius in this film worthy of its own paragraph. Third, in billing for Sinatra and Grayson, respectively, Anchor Aweigh really Kelly film. His Joe Brady believable, real character - he's a tough out, fight and ready to lie, if it is necessary to win the Galatians, but it is actually the biggest softie on the inside. Kelly makes it divine, not cloying, but also gives Joe a real advantage that you see in the scene where Joe chases Brooklyn the room with a truly murderous look on his face, and his breakfast tray in his hands. A * dances * - again, the film suffers from a "very good thing spoils the effect" syndrome, as is the case with singing Sinatra. But then again, if it's Gene Kelly does softshoe, or by clicking on the screen in a sailor suit, or dressed as a bandit chief ... I might as well err on the side overdo! All dances Kelly is breathtaking, whether it be a stripped-down simplicity of its plumbing amount of Sinatra's "I pleaded with her," his "Mexican Hat Dance" with sweet naive little girl, or his generous Spanish influence dance "La Cumparsita. Of course, the classic image of the remains minds of audiences of all time would have been Kelly in his red, white and blue sailor suit, dancing with Jerry the Mouse from the "glory of Tom & Jerry" golden memory of the honored film, to be sure -. it is not often that one can say that you impressed with the special effects in a film made in 1945, street ichvayuchy saturation CGI in today's film market. But Gene and Jerry still look great, Kelly always hitting his spots and looks exactly where it should look like. It * will * be that just about single people who could really go to I keep up with Gene Kelly Kelly would itself (in the fashion model) and draw. <br /> <br /> this is no doubt that this is the first bold, inventive Kelly dancing with Jerry reserved space for Aweigh anchor in the history of cinema and the heart of the classic movie lovers . But it is also characterized by the fact that is the first of three collaborations Kelly / Sinatra film, and although rather too stretched, even more a couple of hours of entertainment. Watch it first, and then again and again, it may be, - it'll grow on you before you realize it! 7.5 / 10
