D.W. Griffith could make any film he wanted after a huge financial success, "Birth of a Nation", he decided to make the most technically ambitious film to this date, "Intolerance" He risked with such innovations in film editing and form, as well as the well-known wreck. financial train led. Buster Keaton does not accept this type of risk associated with the "three Ages," a parody of "intolerance." This is the first feature film Keaton from his own (he acted only in «The dolt"). he had a spare partition plan three episodes in this m film on three separate shorts that Griffith did with "Intolerance." Keaton did not have to. Chaplin has already received a full-length comedy, so if Keaton risk here, it has been completely calculated. <br /> <br /> Chaplin had already made a parody another film, also with "Burlesque on Carmen" (1915). Keaton seems to be alluding to the film as well. the fight scene in an episode of ancient Rome refers to the sword, which turns into a fight in the Chaplin film. the comic distance from the scene of both scenes of the same, too. In addition, the film Chaplin imitating glossy style DeMille's "Carmen", and the film Chaplin seemed a tribute to this film. Keaton does not attempt radical editing, narrative structure or monumental character in his parody, but it seems that respects the "Intolerance", however. At least stories do not say quite simply, as in other post-'Intolerance »films like Dreyer on" Leaves from Satan's Book "(Blade af Satans bog, 1921) and Fritz Lang's" Destiny "(Der MUDE Tod, 1921) . There are some soft jumping back and forth between scenes. <br /> <br /> Where Keaton same risk, however, in his physical, daredevil comedy. It Keaton unintentional failure to jump buildings in the contemporary scene. According to reports, he was convinced to change the scene, rather than trying to jump again. And it was not just Keaton, who risked; anachronistic baseball gag, for example, it was quite dangerous. Thus, although in a different way, Keaton, Griffith, risked his great film. And I think that both of them have succeeded.
