A well-known cinematic phenomenon of the late eighties and early nineties was the number of Oscars, which went to actors playing characters who are physically or mentally disabled. The first was Marlee Matlin award for "Children of a Lesser God" in 1986, and in the next ten years were to see another "Best Actress" award (Holly Hunter for "Piano" in 1994) and no less than five "Best Actor" award (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 "rain Man," Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989. "My left foot", Al Pacino in 1992 "Scent of a woman," Tom Hanks in 1994 for "Forrest Gump" and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 for «Shine») disabled image. Matlin, who played a blind woman who is himself deaf, but the rest are operational. <br /> <br /> Et phenomenon caused some negative comment at the time, with suggestions being made that these awards were given more political correctness than for the quality of the action. If Jodie Foster could not win "Best Actress" for "Nelly" in 1994, some people saw it as evidence negative reaction to this kind of picture. in my opinion, however, is that most of these awards were well deserved. I thought that the 1992 decision should have gone either Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey instead Pacino, but other than that a single, which I do not agree was to Hanks', and that's because I prefer to work in Hawthorne "Madness of King George." In this film, of course, Hawthorne played a character who was mentally ill. <br /> <br /> «My Left Foot," was based on the autobiography by Irish writer and artist Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of thirteen children in Dublin working class family. He was born with cerebral palsy and was first mistakenly thought to be mentally retarded as well. He was for a long time, unable to deliberate movement or speech, but in the end discovered that he could control the movements of one part of his body, his left leg (hence the name). He learned how to write and draw, holding a piece of chalk between his legs, and went on to become an artist and published writer and poet. <br /> <br /> Life in Dublin working in the thirties and forties can be difficult, and the town of Jim Sheridan (he Dubliner) shows us here in many respects, gloomy, gray, dismal place, very different from our usual idea of ​​"Emerald island ". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis was later to work in another film with an Irish theme, "In the Name of the Father"). Against this, however, they must be installed vivacity and spirit of its people, especially families Brown. Much of the success of Christie's was due to the support he received from his parents, who refused to allow him to be the institutionalization and have always believed in the intelligence hidden under a crippled appearance, and of his brothers and sisters. We see how his brothers used to rotate it around in a specially made cart and how they helped their father build bricklayer Christy number of their own in their backyard. <br /> <br /> The film could have easily slipped into sentimentality, and ultimately, as another heart housewarming "triumph over adversity" movies. The fact that it is not related to a number of factors, mostly stellar performances. In during his career, Day-Lewis gave a series of excellent performances, but this, together with the recent "There will be blood," is his best He never less than 100% convincing, Christy,. he was tortured, jerky movements and strained attempts at speech to convince us that we really are seeing a disabled person, even though, intellectually, we are well understand that Day-Lewis is operational. Other features that stand out are by Fiona Shaw as his teacher Dr. Eileen Cole, from Hugh OKonor the young Christy and by Brenda Fricker as a mother Christie (who won her "Best actress "awards). <br /> <br /> Another reason why the film avoids sentimentality, that he is not trying to sentimentalise his protagonist. Christy Brown had a hard life, but it can also be difficult to live, and the film gives us "warts and all" portrait. He was drunk, swearing data and prone to outbursts of anger. It can also be selfish and manipulative of those around him, and the film shows us all the features of his character. Of course, it also shows us the positive aspects- his courage, his determination and his wicked sense of humor. Day-Lewis acting not just physically convincing, that he persuades us to believe in the failure of his character, but also emotionally and intellectually compelling, is that it brings all these different facets of Christie character. His Oscar was won in the teeth of some very strong opposition from the likes of Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but it was well deserved. 8/10
