classic directorial feature Jackie Chan Police Story (1985) is one of the most influential and over-the-top modern actioners day the police ever come out of Hong Kong. Jackie just wanted to make a film that will include a conventional kung fu, as well as ill-gun play and other "urban" action that would later become a very popular and typical among HK directors, like John Woo and Ringo Lam. Police Story mixes these two elements of action and style, and the result is as wild as it sounds. <br /> <br /> Jackie Chan plays the Ku Kui, a police officer who gets to protect an important witness (Brigitte Lin), which will soon testify against a powerful gangster boss and his ring of criminal activity. Jackie plays the girlfriend of a young and sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild here, as it will be in her subsequent roles as Heroic Trio (and continued) Johnnie To, the Savior of souls Corey Yuen and David Lai and many many others. Story in the history of the Police is very simple, but it is action that is why this film was made in the first place. <br /> <br /> Jackie made sure all the tricks of his own character, and hurt pretty badly in a couple of scenes, some of which in the finished film, at the end, where Jackie hits his head (around the eye) in a very nasty looking sharp piece of glass. Also stunt team members Jackie nearly killed himself during the filming of this movie. The scene where the bus stops right in front of Jackie, spitting thief through the windshield, was very bad as the bus stopped too early and not flying stunt, as they should have been. They were supposed to fly to the car parked in front of the bus, but their flight was too short, and they came through the asphalt with injuries at the hospital level. In the credits, there are images of scenes and images of the affected actors, and it all looks very bad, and almost tasteless, but fortunately, no one was killed or injured too much. <br /> <br /> The action richer and more imaginative, as might be expected, in view of (action) Chiang director. Now the legendary scene bus and shopping center of the scene at the end is likely to be among the wild scenes of any action film has been able to deliver. Jackie always says how important editing (which is true), and it really shows in their scenes and their time, which is perfect and makes movies look ultra kinetics compared to the Hollywood efforts, for example. There is hardly any slow moments here, as well as the moments of interest and the film never gets boring or difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> But then again one negative thing I can not stand in the action comedy HK, it is comedy itself. Comedy is not funny, especially if the errors and amateurish elements in the script is not there by chance, but because the writer would like to add them there, not necessarily realizing that they are the signs of a bad script and silly dialogue. I mean the scenes as attempted murder stabbing at the very beginning, when the killer just screams and screams and makes a face and acts like a drunken clown from some farcical nightmare, and he's "murder" that girl. Such actions stupid and inept, and I do not like to see in the film, which otherwise is very high in its genre. Characters also say their thoughts, is also a sign of a bad scenario, because these "loud thinking" is just to make things clear, even for a stupid audience and thus, making things too easy and "light." Even if the film is a comic and not so serious, this kind of nonsense should not be there, and they can not be forgiven too easily. <br /> <br /> Police Story is a fast speed, the full impact of balls to the wall action adventure miracle from Hong Kong and from the time when Jackie was very sad because of the bad result, he received from the United States was prepared Protector because it does not have the same thoughts about the movie as director James Glickenhaus was and, therefore, the result of Waiting 't please the audience and Jackie, and he returned to Hong Kong to do more personal and inventive film. That he certainly did, and the result, as the wild today as it was then, in the 80s. This is one of the craziest action films ever, and it would be more perfect without flaws, which I have mentioned. 7/10
