Police Story Jackie Chan is a landmark film for the action genre of both whistles Kong and career of Jackie Chan. <br /> <br /> The director / says Chan Police Story is the main story as well as all the films of the era and genre, like most of the police kind of films Storys', the script has nothing to be delirious. But the plot of the film Jackie Chan, who plays the good guy cop struggling to accuse local gang lord. <br /> <br /> The direction of the film is nothing special and does not mean that all efforts directing that Jackie Chan has given us that responsibility lies with the underrated masterpiece «Miracles». However, the work, Jackie makes directing enough and respectable. Outstanding from the direction of the film is to fight. <br /> <br /> The performances in the film are also changing with Jackie provides a very solid Chan typical good guy against his role, but it is in any case not his best acting role that could be seen in the film directed by Sammo Hung "Heart dragon. " Other actors in the film are also given as a good solid performance as Jackie Bridgete Lin plays her part unwitting witness is pretty good, but it does not show the full potential of the cast. Outstanding actor comes from Maggie Cheung is suffering a friend Jackies' Bill Tung as the main cute and funny police. None of the performances in this film does not have a sufficiently low level to affect the film quality. <br /> <br /> The action in the film is what really distinguishes this film from drugihov with striking modern choreography in accordance with urban, contemporary setting, the effect of some of some of the biggest fight scenes ever put on camera. For a start there are knockout in the slums, where Koo (ganglord) does a lot of drugs, while there is no consistency in the style of John Woo, this is a good starter for the film. Followed by the famous car to run down the hill and through the heart of the slum wrecking everything in sight. This is an exciting sequence that has since been copied shamelessly Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the movie, another sequence standout Jackie tries to convey Bridgete Lin from his home to him. This is really the first scene, where we will see the amazing fast-paced melee, which has since become standard for all modern set of martial arts films. This sequence is incredibly choreographed dedicated and easily edited together to maximize the cruelty of the scene. However, as tradition dictates, the sequence of the outstanding battle at the end of the film. This sequence shows some of the Chans' Best Choreography, stunts and camera / editing work. This sequence is now known two things, the number of people, sent via the high-density glass, which must be said to phenomenal numbers of people, and stunt at the end where Jackie jumps from 5 floor balconies, grasping pole and slides down through the glass roof (this should be seen to believe). While two of the above factors are a unique genius, I think the most impressive part of this sequence is the ability to fight CHANS 'include anything in the sequence of the battle and the apparent originality of choreography that has never been improved for me. I also believe that the action of the police in the history of some of the best shot and edited action Chans career, helping to set the action separately. <br /> <br /> In general, police stories, although unspectacular story and script, and over running in the middle of the site laying is one of the best action films of all time, reflecting Chans best choreography best shot action, and perhaps his most spectacular trick to make this important viewing for all. Afterall, we are looking Chan movie for action !!
