This is my favorite movie of Jackie Chan in an interview, Jackie said it was his favorite as well. It contains some incredible stunts and jaw dropping fight sequences, as well as some very funny scenes as well. This film was a favorite of Brandon Lee, who used part in the Rapid Fire, and was filmed in Tango and Cash, which uses some of the opening scenes. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays a cop in Hong Kong. History immediately goes into a fantastic chase through slum and continues as Jackie slides down the slope and jumping onto a moving bus to catch evil Ku (which is one of the greatest villains in any film Jackie Chan). You can expect some very funny scenes, Jackie tries to balance his duty as a police officer with his girlfriend, played by Maggie Cheung. His job is to defend the Ku secretary who has enough information to take it, but even that creates a lot of problems. Jackie is at its best here. The last battle scene in the mall of my favorite fight scene one - period. It was the most intense battle, which I have ever seen Jackie do, and culminating in a slide down the pole in the midst of exploding lights. In general, one of his greatest tricks he has ever done, and leave it on the skin ringing his hands. He was lucky that he was not in the electric chair, as the person responsible for the trick used by the high voltage, and does not lower the voltage. <br /> <br /> In general, another Chan classic and certainly one of his greatest films. By the end of this film, you can say that he is not held absolutely nothing back, and neither did his stunt. So many of his stuntmen were injured during this film that no one will insure them anymore - Jackie had to take the responsibility himself. There are no tricks, wires or stand-ins - it's all true life action, it is a pleasure to watch. It is this type of action, which made him a phenomenon that it is, and this is a film that will astound people 100 years. If you have not seen this film, and a fan of Jackie Chan or actions in general, give yourself a treat and watch this movie. It really is an eye opener.
