Shakespeare behind bars was surprisingly rises documentary, despite its content. Doomed to Luther Luckett Correctional Complex in Lagrange, Kentucky, who raped, killed, etc. ?? and surrounded by bad people in a clearly oppressive environment find what they really are and can become an important, popular and celebrated in action. There are threads in parallel, to "The Shawshank Redemption" and their institutionalized nature, and search Simple and redemption of their past lives. When we follow the generous, Nonna subjective director who gives his time each year to Channel some prisoners in the selected play by William Shakespeare (this time around, «Tempest», which was neatly reflected Prisoners that could treat it with a penetrating focus on an apology and atonement, in which they trust and relate to), we meet with every actor in formal interviews, which are beautifully paced with the collapse of footage from their rehearsals. Each actor has their own story and talk about their regret and the reasons why they are there in an emotional manner with melancholic music for each documentary in the traditional sense. The strongest and most respected Inmate (seemingly) is Semy. The director seems to have realized at once who the most interesting findings were Sammie (and later, Hal) and allows more more depth observation of man and his personality. His presence felt on the screen and his personal revelations come as a shock to the audience, but also to give him such an appeal to his emotional personality and especially felt empathy for him. Hal is the same at the beginning of the film. He has other things he does to pass the time, which is listed as a hobby comfortable, as it was in the race for online news program broadcasting. Again, with the help of personal interviews and the very revelation allowed H (and beautifully filmed body language business cards Hello, not close up his indefinite movement of the arm is observed not only with him but also others), in particular, his heart was the story of uncertain and afraid of his true sexuality in a society that is clean will not accept him as a homosexual until later in the film, where it shows a rather snide and rude to other prisoners involved in the game, as he considers himself above all these, in particular, to Ron, who already has a calc Ravana temperament in his actions. The relationship between all the prisoners involved in the game is shown as one of respect and unity in order to achieve something great for yourself. With good (if not clichéd) moves past time to the names, etc. ?? everything seems to go right in the first act, and then build up public speaking, all predictably wrong. Induction of one of the actors is transferred and his character is replaced by a younger, fresher prisoner gives the narrative a good podagovor somebody who promises great, but in the end all disappointing and did not live up to their expectations. One prisoner in particular (Big-G) welcomes the new enclosed actor (Rick) with a clear desire to develop it in his favorite practice, and we hope to be a good example to follow. The film seems to capture every prisoner passion so well with something the audience can relate to especially if Rick is contained in the "hole" to get new tattoos (something well hinted at earlier in the film, when the warden stops random prisoner in the courtyard and asked him if he got a tattoo that on his arm, and we know that it is punishable in the facility) and frustration Big-G deeply understood. A happy ending? It all looks great when they successfully perform (even being invited to speak in another place), and a sense of real unity echo around them, but in the end, the film brings it all back down to earth, it's a little, and all of them have ever had or it would have been, and will always be taken away from them. He returned to prison to pay for their crimes, and no matter what they're looking for redemption in operating these pieces, they are not free men, proud of their performance and acceptance is undermined by the fact that they are the lowest of the low criminals and a good stop in inspiring the music that plays in the frame of a long corridor, which coincides with the exception of lights and closing the door a powerful way of their oppression. The director seemed to be aware of him looking at pretty people in the documentary this additional information at the end of the film in any future actors from the end of the movie about where they are and what is happening to them.
