If you are going to put on a play within the prison walls, why not go to the top playwright William Shakespeare? And if you are going to choose a shade from a whole lot of criminals serving long sentences for the most serious crimes, you can be sure there will be plenty of time for rehearsals. In prison, correctional Kentucky was undertaken an ambitious project such as this amazing results. This film shows how it was done ??. ?? casting. ?? rehearsal. Set and costumes ?? and the final presentation of Shakespeare's "The Tempest". It had not occurred to me before, but there is an analogy between the setting of the game and the correctional prison. The game characters are destroyed ship is confined to the island without contact with the outside world. Life in prison is too much like this. <br /> <br /> With the help of simple colored back drop surrounding seascape, characters most pleasant assortment of costumes bellow their lines for audience approval, may not be quite as Shakespeare intended, but with a good heart and true sincerity for sure. <br /> <br /> More interesting than the game itself had small cameos each person for his character. One prisoner saw the game as a lesson in forgiveness even as expiation of their sins. It was quite touching to see people wipe away tears as they talked about the murder, shooting and strangulation. One had the feeling that they would like to minimize the hours and to reconsider its tough action. However, (as someone said) the past was the past, and now it was the beginning of a new future. At least the game has given temporary relief from the depressing thoughts of past events. <br /> <br /> Prison authorities should be applauded for the fact that the game will take place. Such an event would put Kentucky on the map and hopefully other prisons can follow their good example. It seems to me that all should use ?? not only Kentucky prison, but prisoners themselves, who have to find new confidence and self-esteem and be prepared for the day when they go out on parole.
