Movies like this, and C.R.A.Z.Y., make me very sad for American films with gay themes. Except Parting glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are several other well-known American films with a view depth and sincerity in this film, bubble. This film focuses on two men, Noam and Ashwar, in Israle and Palestinians respectively. Their relationship is complicated by tensions between Jews and Arabs in Israel. Couples in the early stages of their relationship will deal with those who would call someone nearby, or someone will say, "I love you" first. Noam and Ashwar early love complicated by suicide, armed security checkpoints and racism. While Noam friends to take and how Ashwar, which is Arab, it is clear that most of the citizens of Tel Aviv, probably not. <br /> <br /> One of the most touching moments, and there's a lot in this movie, is when Noam and Ashwar attend the production of "Bent". We as movie lovers to see them by watching this game and affect it in two of them are deeply captured in their eyes. And ultimately, this touching moment played out in a very boring in the final film. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff «Joe» Sweid are outstanding as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is brilliant in creating compelling and exciting retelling of Shakespeare's classic Romeo and Juliet. And while most movies today have sex with them, (almost as a sport), this one goes back to the old tried and true version of sex with love and passion together. It is so refreshing. Also refreshing seeing two gay men are portrayed as people, not cartoons. There are cartoon characters in this film. It just does not happen to be two gay guys for a change. Somewhere on this site, I think I read a comparison between this film and "Friends." Well, not quite. Yes, these young heroes stumbled through their first difficult steps into adulthood and relationship. But I do not remember getting "blown up" as the background for tasteless storylines in "Friends". <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. He has a heart, and sorrow. And like all good love stories love does conquer. But not in its pristine glory full bloom. However, it is very satisfying to watch a movie.
