This film is a complete reinterpretation of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. Fans of one of Tel Aviv, etc. other of Nablus. There is a border between them and the adult state of war with the Israeli army is always present everywhere, and Palestinian militants and everywhere with their bombs. The situation is quite grim. We can imagine the love in this vast Loveless trap. But the film goes light years beyond imagining two lovers gay Noam of Tel Aviv and Ashraf of Nablus. To be gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. It is to be put in Nablus. A conflict between two nations, two communities therefore duplicated conflict between the two cultures, two ethics. But it may even be suitable for life, if the war did not bring some extra dimension. Ashraf's sister is going to marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister about his being gay. She can not accept it, but accepts to talk about it later. From the wedding the young husband sends commandos to Tel Aviv, to create a bomb attack. It takes place in a cafe in Tel Aviv, and one friend Noam is seriously wounded. Bad enough. Isareli army commandos sent to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for the attack, but it turns sour and the young woman shot dead in the street. Funeral costs wedding. A husband and a widower volunteers for suicide bombing. Ashraf volunteers to take his place. Exiled lover back to Tel Aviv, to die and to kill a few people to avenge his sister. He arrived at the diner under the control of some friends Noam years. But Noam see him and goes to talk to him. Ashraf moved back into the middle of the street, and he detonates a bomb, when Noam reaches him on the street. Revenge reunited the two lovers in death. Thus, we have double the conflict, but we do not have Prince of Verona, neutral, which can impose peace, or even worse, the Prince seems to have a hand and elected to be on the side of Israel. The game is completely false, and death is always at both ends. But the dimension of the impossible love all the stronger because the games are deteriorating in the movie, the game, which shows the love in Auschwitz, between two inmates, one wearing the yellow star, and the other a pink triangle. This surprisingly strong and exciting shocking: Gay love in Auschwitz. What emerges from the film is that there, in Tel Aviv or Nablus love is impossible. The film thus denounced the conflict in Palestine that can not continue, even though he has no reason to exist, even though he has a thousand reasons to go further. We should never have let the UK deal with the long-region. Today we must find a solution, in which no one will be downgraded. It will only be able to succeed when everyone is coming together to find a lasting solution. But until now, everyone is trying to avoid this general discussion and confrontation, preferring bilateral manipulation. So that the flour would continue and love will not be allowed, of course, not sex, as children are needed for the war, to go further: so let us produce more and more young soldiers. But love is just prohibitively concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphin and University Paris 1 Panthéon Sorbonna
