It's hard not sympathy for the Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films describing life in the Middle East and the inherent problems of homosexuals can have in these regions. In addition, he also gave the young generation voice and beautiful part of them who really need it in the world and who want to take no further notice of the war, which is too much time, marked the existence of people, both in Israel and in Palestine, these reasons, in my opinion, sufficient to consider Fox typical director, even if his sense of melodrama is a bit out of control. However, fans of his films (he realized the team with Gal Uchovsky, his producer, co-writer, and life companion) does not seem a shame that, as his new function bottle (HA-Buah), has the same success of the previous Yossi & Jagger and walk on water. Billed as a modern gay version of "Romeo and Juliet", currently set to Tel Aviv instead of Verona, and with two men (one Israeli, the other Palestinian) on the site of two of Shakespeare's young lovers, the film is actually quite different from the one, or, rather, it is also something else. In fact the title of a bubble is a world apart, in which the leading man, Noam, Fox plays regularly Ohad Knoller (Yossi in Yossi & Jagger, but I must admit, I miss Jagger Yehuda Levi amazing!) And his two co-tenants, the guy and the girl decided to live. About thirty years old, fussy, witty and firms (despite the hero just spent a period as a national service at a checkpoint on the border with Palestine), to live a life that is not only made from the war. Two guys and a gay with a girl, they have created a trio in which they brotherly love and support each other. Their lives would change if Noam falls in love with Ashraf (Yousef telestar «Joe» Sweid) young Palestinian who came to live in Tel Aviv. The laws are still in force among a group of neglected, but will not help a single term. Nevertheless, it will not be easy to Noam and his friends because Ashraf illegal in Israel, and at the same time, his family, who lives in Palestine and does not know he's gay, is looking forward to settle their wedding with a very a beautiful girl who is a relative of Ashraf beloved sister of the groom to be who he is and terrorists, and he will have a strong responsibility in the development of the plot, with consequences not only for the two men. Since prejudices against homosexuality and the world (an interesting duality, if not automatic) stubborn and so the tragedy is inevitable. Even if the film focus on the obstacles relationship between Noam and Ashraf meet, it does not lose sight of the other characters that are well written (eg Golan boyfriend Yelli, fellow tenant Noam, in representation as live boor, and then revealed as sweeter and more open person) and accurately performed (except for the two conclusions, we must not ignore the funny Zohar Liba and excellent Daniela Virtzer, girl band, the star also late marriage by Lior Ashkenazi is, as he himself in a cameo). He also floated dark tones with brighter ones, even if the director can not do without the melodramatic conclusion. I watched this movie more than a month ago, and at the same time, I often thought about it, the proof that Fox and his friend have a knack to hit home.
