With the advent of literature, people of all nationalities were fascinated and easily touched by the accounts of unrequited love. Even more fun were always stories of impossible love, a love that can not be. the last film of the Israeli director Eytan Fox "?? bubble "that. And then it is also wrong. The title refers to the film ?? bubble" that Tel Aviv set against the backdrop of the political realities of Israel. cosmopolitan, and the unofficial capital of the country does not have much in common with Nablus city in the Palestinian West Bank, which also shows in the film. He does not have much to do with the intense and hateful the atmosphere in the Palestinian checkpoints. In fact, it does not seem to have much in common with anything around him. ?? bubble "of Tel Aviv allows people to have a lifestyle that is not much different from what you might expect in any western city. Teenage girls in search of records of Britney Spears, magazine lifestyle editor is looking sexy cover for his next question, fashionable people who are sitting in the trendy coffee shops to discuss the fancy stuff for a cup of coffee with whipped cream and other similar trendy drinks while at home looking at the local edition of Pop Idol. It is this ?? bubble ", which also has the potential to lull his mind into a false sense of reality. <br /> <br /> film evolves around the lives of three young Israelis who share an apartment and, for the most part, try to stay away from politics. Yelli, camp owner and manager ?? Orna & Ella «hip cafes, rarely leaves the city and would prefer not to think about ?? shit that surrounds them. " Noam, soft and flexible worker a little avant-garde record store, it seems, is equally do not want to engage in long political discussions and reflections. Lulu, the only woman in the party, it is, on the contrary, related to the Israeli left, although her political activity seems to be limited ?? rave against the occupation. " Yelli and Noam, of course, no objection to participation in them. Lulu and her political friends are doing t-shirts Rave logo, put posters and handing out leaflets, advertising it in the area. their main concern seems to be that there is never a real Palestinians are involved and that the police can come and spoil the fun for them again. Close they come to a real confrontation, when they get into a fight with some not so Palestinian friendly locals who are trying to prevent them from handing out leaflets. In other words, products with predictable ?? bubble. " <br /> <br /> The opening scenes of the film take us to the checkpoint on the road to Nablus, where we also find Noam make their reserve duty. Palestinian group now carefully checked before going into Israel, among them a pregnant woman who suddenly turns into a job, and creates a still-born child, despite all efforts to Noam and the doctor who ultimately arrives in an ambulance. The woman calmed down the young man, who later turns out to be on the verge of Noam in Tel Aviv with his ID, which is the last, obviously, fell during the test at the border. His name is Ashraf, he was Palestinian, and he's gay. And he did not just come back in the hands of ID, he came to see Noam. Without permission to live in Israel, and despite initial hesitation by Noam neighbors in the apartment, he stays. Soon he receives a Hebrew name and a job in a cafe in Yelli. Growing up in Jerusalem with Hebrew, Arabic, he has no accent, which makes it possible for him and his newly found friends, to hide his identity. Sky light blue, and the air is sweet. But this can not continue. After all, he became part of the equation, which should never have been. <br /> <br /> At some point, Noam and Ashraf to watch a play called Bent about prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp, with a love that can never be a physical or visible to the surrounding guards. They find a way to be together at a different level, on a metaphysical level, where no one has access. This is also where our couple comes in the end. And it could not be much different for them, rather than in Israel today. <br /> <br /> ?? bubble "is a political statement that the bubble bursts when they collide with the political reality of Israel today are opposed against the backdrop of beautiful and awkward love story involving Israeli and Palestinian, impossible love story in a divided world, where there are no such things as compromise, or other color than black and white there. ?? Bubble "is also a beautiful film about people, gays and heterosexuals living in this amazing city, Tel Aviv, showing the eyes of people who really care about them. The premise of the movie may have its shortcomings and fatal chain of events may seem somewhat explained, but his powerful message and emotional effects will not leave you indifferent.
