The Israeli / Palestinian conflict remains, and while the world may be aware of the violence surrounding the separation of the two countries, few have the key to another aspect of the unit - the group of people who want peace and work towards the elimination of the division. Eytan Fox, in the bubble ( "Ha-Buah»), created a much-needed alternative point of view of the split, choosing to tell a story that contains a good mood, a lot of love and taste harsh reality. It is a window into the current pleads for understanding <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv, three close friends neighbors :. Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedmann), very "with" gay young man who works in a popular café; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome, slightly shy person who, in addition to their daily work in a music store, is a member of the National Guard, and therefore spend their free time serving as a guard at the checkpoints of the city. It was during one of those on duty at the weekend that he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef «Joe» Sweid), and there is a mutual attraction. Three friends decided to "ticketless" illegally present Ashraf (which they nicknamed the Israeli name) and while Ashraf and Noam get in romantic relationships, Yali hires Ashraf in his cafe, and Yali and Lula and continue to find a love interest, also . All goes well until Ashraf have to go home for the wedding of his sister. Although Tel Aviv Ashraf was able to be openly gay with Noam, life is very different in Jerusalem, Ashraf said that he must marry the groom to be the sister of his sister. In an attempt to save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lula disguise French journalists to gain access to Ashraf. At the time of the alleged retreat, Noam and Ashraf were found kissing on the groom to be, and this act provides a basis for blackmail to Ashraf to stay "in the closet". <br /> <br /> While young people in Tel Aviv dancing at an event to draw attention to the peaceful co-existence, the attack takes place in Jerusalem - the one that has serious consequences not only directly, but also in the mission of revenge Ashraf must now take over. The ending is tragic on many levels, and this underlines how serious the problem between the two countries. <br /> <br /> action so very natural that from both comic and tragic aspects of the public quite believe in them handsome young men. History finds the right balance between serious and light-hearted, and it is this balance, than does Eytan Fox such a wonderful writer / director. Other people have to watch this important and very thin film. In Hebrew, Arabic i in English with subtitles. grady Harp
