I am currently on vacation in Israel for the summer, and so was able to see this incredible film. A bit of warning before I start to write I speak fluent Hebrew, and therefore part of the Hebrew there was no problem; However, about a quarter (slightly less than) the film in Arabic, and I could not understand a little bit of this subtitle. This does not detract from my understanding of the film, but to force me to miss a few jokes, which caused a strong laughter in the theater. <br /> <br /> After years of American cinema, which many hailed as one of the greatest years for homosexual relationships, and movies, it takes something really special to be a cut above the rest; Nevertheless, the "bubble" is superior to all the others, with its combination of outstanding acting, witty dialogue and an appropriate political climate <br /> <br /> The film begins at a checkpoint on the border between Israel and Palestine. During the first few minutes, we are not sure of the type of film we walked on. Nevertheless, this is an important element of the force of this film. The political situation and the extreme tension in the air is always in the background. The most important thing is that Tel Aviv is its own character in this film. He constantly refers. Street names and the name of the restaurant is constantly exchanged. The development of the city skyline and criticized rather harshly, and, ultimately, the city is developing along with the movie The film focuses on the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and Palestinian immigrant, Ashraf (Yousef «Joe» Sweid), with companies Tel Aviv and Palestine, serving a permanent foil. We always know that their relationship is forbidden, and it creates a sense of urgency is rarely present in the movie. Love is incredibly strong, and acts as a central film. Secondary relationships and friendships are equally strong (Yousef 'Joe »Sweid) ratio owner Yelli bright restaurant with ultra-butch and grille Golani soldiers goals (Zohar Lieb), especially a source of entertainment. Love scenes, which abound in this film all neat, thin produced artwork and odd Film: The first film love scene, the camera is rotated downward as Adult male gives oral sex Lula (Daniela Virtzer) and dissolved in the frame and Noam Ashraf. This shot, any many others lead the viewer to understand that all of these relationships are the expression of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> In order to give greater storyline would be a tragedy, but I know that there are a lot of political tension and tragedy that touches on contemporary global political climate, so I instead focus on witty dialogue. Even when watching this movie on my second language, I could not stop laughing throughout. Line specific activities include the question of whether there are gay suicide virgin women or men in the sky, and Sampson analogy from the Bible, like the world's first suicide bomber. This dialog shows a special feeling of purity and reality which is rarely seen in cinema. The music used in the film is also particularly powerful. Music is used only at times when the signs legally, can have to listen to him, and in one scene, the music is weakened when a character takes one earphone and stops when he removes the other. Small items like this really raise the film <br /> <br /> I could not give more guidance to the film. it is an excellent film work, which is catharthic, but also very well developed.
