This is the first installment of personal opus Crispin Glover asks you to think a little, and therefore can not be recommended for any viewer who does not want to sit and puzzle over the imagery Glover or follow an amazingly simple ?? but lucky blackout ?? the thread of his narrative. For a more casual viewer, yes, it is likely to come off as a confusing jumble of odd, strange, disturbing images and imagery in order. <br /> <br /> You get the feeling that Glover had no objection, it is so, and it will be almost as happy to hear why someone hated this film, why they enjoyed it. innate desire for Glover and his work, and how viewers interpret strongly communicated not only through the film itself, but also through the extraordinary session of questions and answers, which he often carried his following shows; He obviously hopes that people will continue to think about what he presented. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and dismisses the film to label him as Dada or nihilist, juvenile attack on contemporary film from the actor, who has worked both inside and outside. But there is a reason why Glover carries out a slide show before the screening of his film, and it's not just to sell books; his book to oppose and create a narrative of images and text that Glover pieces, and what is it? It is doing the same with images drawn from the western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? He is punished and compelling film thus hardly expect during playback. Much has been done on the use of Glover actors with Down syndrome, and in fact it is one of the most striking aspects of the film initially. So shake, in fact, that many seem to interpret it as a kind of far-reaching crusade to see a more realistic and / or disabled decent image in the movies and on TV ?? or absolute other end of the spectrum, as a kind of direct exploitation of people with disabilities. But it is also, and perhaps this is part of what makes this film so uncomfortable for many: the main agenda is not political or one of hatred, but one look outside the dominant culture in its race the outsider deformities. This is not a film about Down syndrome, but it is a film that belongs to an actor with Down syndrome that appear in it. <br /> <br /> I'm the kind of person who is completely fanatical when it comes to ugliness and strangeness drawn so sharply that it is beautiful; fortunately for me, it is pretty much exactly like what is it? It presents itself to the audience. Glover uses strange images of snails, death and people with disabilities, partly because he wants his audience to feel discomfort or obvious odd-or visceral reactions have to die in cries anthropomorphized snail. In a sense, how bizarre is strong (and sometimes even grotesque) elements of What Is It? It reminds me of the painter Francis Bacon ?? He notorious dad, yes, and the odd distortion of the human figure, which inevitably makes the viewer want to flinch and look away. As picture Bacon, the film manages to be luxurious Glover and humble, granular and polished, chaotic and understood well ?? and contradictions help to make it more and more confused. Still, it's not quite a serious film, and it is largely possible to circumvent the greatest pitfalls of tension through the use of humor that, for the most part, derived from the use (and comparison) of familiar objects, drawings and names of popular culture. And if it is? It's funny, it's very funny. <br /> <br /> In general, what is it? impressive first film with Glover as a director and writer, and his presence as an actor in the film turns out to be almost a distraction one would expect that it will. Watching it as an observer in the form of a dream, that it was not good or bad, but simply amazing ?? and that leaves you feeling a little dirty when you wake up. If this kind of art you like, what is it? likely to exceed your expectations and be well worth the effort to catch him in the theater, along with the Great slide show himself Glover. In general, it is an experience you're not likely to forget any time soon.
