What else could I say? Americans completely hate it, because the US cut was so bad, although you might find it a major favor. <br /> <br /> Speaking of the US movie theaters (with the newly released Blu-ray Disc version), it is faster and stronger than HK incision background Gurdjieff was changed from the dark, gloomy HK Gurdjieff to hip-hop notes; and there were many terrible scenes were cut. While dubbing was typical of work, given that they were trying to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. But the problem is, Hak Hap (Black Mask) film was developed and is meant to be dark, gloomy, super-anxious and very terrible. Very unfortunately, the US release just skimmed the cream they wanted, which in turn has completely changed the tone of the film (HK release was rated 18+) to be even more ridiculous and amateurish. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about original HK-release. This film is like a jewel, the prototype for all "matrix" and the tide times. The fight scenes absolutely amazing even works the camera was a bit "old school" among Hong Kong films. However, the style, the film was created by a unique combination of kung fu and pop culture. With all the leather, black suits and jewelry, this movie shows Batman-like superhero in a black mask against a mediocre gang of international super-headed punk heavy metal rock star boss. Yes, this sounds like a fantasy delayed child, but it works. It's so impressive that the entire movie is going to give you nightmares, showing foreigners fighting carnage fighting in leather coats. In 2002, they made a sequel, which was rated PG-13, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it is because Li and Liu were the main characters in the movie and have a strong personality and an interesting friendship. And I happen to mention Francois Yip? Its roundhouse kick was perfectly calm, even better than the boss villain, because she did not use a stunt for all military operations. I have already said, it was also smokes? Anyway, there are a lot of things, as a film. <br /> <br /> However, the film also suffered from many problems. Firstly, it is mediocre at best, a scenario made potential, which means that this production team deserves the best writer of the screen. There are many climaxes in the entire 100 minutes, but they often feel as flimsy and did not quite make sense to the audience (the American version was even worse, because all the changes in the character has been reduced). Anyway, you can not ask too much of the comic book action movie style. In addition, this film is totally unsuitable for children. I will not recommend it to you, if you have less than 20 years. This is a wake-rich content, including blood, gore, sado-MAZ costumes, extreme torture, and so on. Along with the style of the film, it can be called a wet dream for the heavy metal rock music fans and action lovers. (USA incision was softer, but if you want to see it, to see the release of HK for what it is.) 7/10. Status: inspirational, hidden, understated, adult.
