Direct after the release history in 1999, he was praised for being the first film by David Lynch, who ignored his regular themes eerie and unreal. Based on the true story of one man and his journey to visit his estranged brother to John Deere mower 66, at first glance, his amazing story for Lynch to direct. However, as the story develops, you can see some of Lynch's trademark motifs, penetrating. <br /> <br /> Focus on Lynch's small town America and its people are still so prevalent, as in his previous efforts, such as Blue Velvet and Twin Peaks, but the most notable difference is that strangeness curb down. Restrictions imposed means that the film has a sensitive honor to be one of the few films of live action that I can think of that has a rating of G. incredibly significant, this film stands as proof that the beautiful and meaningful family movies can be made. <br /> <br /> The Straight Story was the first feature that is aimed Lynch, where he had no hand in writing. For many devotees Lynch it was a huge negative point. Almost universally known, but extremely negative review of James Brendezh with filmcritic.com focused on these same critics that this is not a typical Lynch film. «Lynch struggling to cast G-Rated history, which is not his own." Brendezh says his hero Alvin Straight «quoting lines directly from Confucious." He argues that the story of the weak and the dialogue is even worse. However, we are talking about a common criticism that many will read for the film. While it is true that it is not in the sense of Lynch, gum, Lost Highway and Mulholland Drive - all the films that I love, The Straight Story is the other side of Lynch, who is not in any case terrible. If you're a fan of Lynch, it is most important to separate the other side of Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The story slowly and thoughtful, which gives you a real sense of the thoughts of the protagonist as he rides his appointment. Alvin constant reminder of his past and his relationship with his wife, children and his brother. But the most important thing is that there are no flashbacks, which only adds to the effect that reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion comes as observation boats carried down slowly winding rivers and beautiful to watch. US natural landscapes are deteriorating and, together with an excellent soundtrack by Angelo Badalamenti, it makes me feel sad to go to America. Performances are also excellent with every actor believable in their roles and Richard Farnsworth particularly well. His Oscar nomination was a very well-deserved, and it was a shame that he did not win. Despite this, however, this is probably the best swansong for any actor. <br /> <br /> Thus, while the simple story features none of the complicated narrative or dialogue Lynch trademark, the film is not fascinating character study of aging and it is strongly recommended!
