Who would have thought that a movie about a man who operates a couple of hundred miles on his lawnmower to see his brother, it might be a good movie? Of course, I did not. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the saddest experiences of my life. Well, I'm wrong, I was not wrong too often still, because it is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood films I have ever seen ... <br /> <br /> Provide a brief summary «The Straight Story» is not very difficult. We are talking about the old and stubborn man who goes on his lawn mower and drives away to another state in order to pay his brother a visit, when he hears that the man had a severe stroke. It has a special on myself, but what makes it even more special is the fact that he had not seen his brother in a decade due to some stupid argument. At the same time, it has its share of bad luck and problems, but it also meets many people whose lives he influenced in one way or another with his philosophical approach to life. Despite all the difficulties, he goes on for weeks, not knowing when it will reach its goal: to see his brother again before it's too late ... <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why there are people who do not like this movie, and this is also the reason why I will not say that these people do not have the heart or things like that ... this movie is not got no screaming scenes, it is as slow as the lawnmower man It is the driving force, and no, you do not have to look for a good soundtrack ever, because there is no. But why do you have to watch it? Well, the simple answer history. I have not seen such a touching movie with a powerful story very often, and the fact that it is actually coming out of Hollywood, and - to make things even better - from the Disney Studio (that's right, the same studio that overwhelm us with sugar sweet nonsense) makes it even more special. I'm not ashamed to admit that I had tears in my eyes a couple of times while watching it, probably because the whole situation is not seeing someone for many years because of some stupid argument all too realistic for me. <, Br /> <br /> Some people say that the story is very small, but I do not really agree with that. Perhaps this is because they only see that the old man was driving his lawn mower and do not want to think any more. If you are close enough, than you will understand what this man is doing this because he knows that he once was wrong that only his honor hurt to see his brother again, and that he wants everyone else to see that, too, so they will not make the same mistake. If it is not deep enough, how deep is the story should go for you then? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that this movie really had everything. Some beautiful scenery (last American film, that shows something different than the skyline of New York, Chicago or some other big city), some very fine actor Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek, ... and a very clear way to say, in spite of the matter that it is a film by David Lynch. Now I know that I was quite wrong in thinking that this film was not to my taste. This is one of the best films I've seen in a long time. This film is for my heart and hit the bull's eye. I give it a full 10/10.
