Only if it was easy to assume that a costume drama of royalty can not go anywhere, we have given the delicacy, touching and intelligent drama embodied powerful and charismatic performances of Emily Blunt, Miracle, starring Paul Bettany, Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson, and Mark strong as the immediate forces that help shape the development of one of the most powerful monarchs of England. "The Young Victoria" dramatizes the stormy transition of young women into power. <br /> <br /> Emily plays the queen, with a good combination of raw strength and innocence who recognizes the complexity of the task, but who has enough confidence to move forward. It is able to reflect Victoria as a shrewd young woman who knows that she needs the support of some key players, and should be able to stand up to those who could now its interests in hand. <br /> <br /> Victoria has to fend off a barrage of intrusion on her way to the crown, and even when she takes over the command of his new position, it opens the way to self-sufficiency will depend on making some very important decisions, and, of course just the right support. Fortunately for Victoria, there is Albert, a man who seems to like her and her soul mate. There is a strange chemistry between the two performers, and there is little doubt that the result will be, but there is a figure of prime minister Bettany, a person who provides Victoria with some wise support and loves her, too. <br /> <br /> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supporting roles, as the two sides, which may be of questionable character and have a significant amount of energy in the education of young girls. Each one of the secondary characters could use a little more development, but what we can see on the screen may not be enough to keep us focused on the central character and excellent performance Blunt, an actress who has shown enough fire and passion in previous performances. Here, it is given the sectional role of her career, in real life historical figure, who broke the rules, and managed to rule for a very long time. It shows the strength and nature of the seeds may need a monarch in her later years. It also has a sweetness and innocence, which became the basis of its charitable activities and further intervention in social change. <br /> <br /> «The Young Victoria" is not the royal epic image of the ruling class of England. It is an intimate story about how human beings grow and any special circumstances surround and shape them. In the end, the film is a great entry into the year, which showed a lot of focus on war and destruction. Here, there is a message that good writing and good mediation may take us very far, and there is, of course, good old-fashioned love story.
