Who knew? Dowdy Queen Victoria, plump monarch, who in fact was a recluse for 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, in fact, led the life of a rich drama and intrigue in her youth. "The Young Victoria" is not only a novel chronicling the young queen with her husband-to-be, but also does a very good job of detailing the political machinations around her ascension to the throne. <br /> <br /> Act I "tuning" attracts you immediately. After the death of Victoria's father, the Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after the birth of Victoria, Duchess of Kent eventually joined up with former army officer John Conroy, who offered his services as a controller to the widow and her baby Queen- be. Conroy insisted that Victoria would be raised under the brutal «Kensington system" rules designed to prevent future queen of the presence of any contact with other children, while growing. Moreover, Victoria was forced to spa s everyday bedroom of her mother until she became queen. <br /> <br /> The film explains that in 1830, Parliament passed the Regency Act, which found that Victoria's mother becomes regent (and, therefore, the Guardian) in the case of Victoria ascended the throne, when he was still a minor. during this time, the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the poor princess, and insisted that she sign documents, making Conroy her personal secretary and treasurer. Willed Victoria will not have none of this, and refused to go along with Conroy and her mother nefarious plans. The Duchess did not like King William as she looked at him as Don Juan, who brought disrespect to the monarchy; The king felt respect for his wife the Duchess. As a result, the Duchess tried to limit contact with the King Victoria. In over-the-top scene, which seemed actually took place in history, King scolded the Duchess on her feast on his birthday, saying that it was his goal to survive, while Victoria has not reached his 18th birthday, so that her mother will not become regent. <br /> <br /> King William kept his word, and died shortly after Victoria was right to accede to the throne. Victoria avenged his mother for her support Conroy, whom she blamed for making her so unhappy childhood. Both of them were exiled to a secluded apartment at Buckingham Palace and Victoria for several years has been little contact with his mother. <br /> <br /> «The Young Victoria" conveys the excitement and splendor and magnificence of the coronation of Queen Victoria as a, a large part of the film is devoted to Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, the Prime Minister of the Whig Party, which, unfortunately, shown in the film how much younger than he actually was. At the beginning of Melbourne receives the confidence of the young queen, and they became good friends. In the early years of his reign, she sees Melbourne as progressive, but then loses respect for him more as he showed as a typical politician, hiding his contempt for the masses, which it needs to be defended. In fact, Melbourne was more than parents of Victoria, but the film hints at a sexual tension between the Prime Minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic rivals. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when forced to Melbourne, and Queen should instruct Sir Robert Peel, with more conservative Tory Party, as new prime minister. "Bedchamber crisis" event chronicle film in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her bedchamber ladies with their wives Tory politicians. The film comes another scandal that drew Lady Hastings, one of the ladies in waiting of the Duchess, who was accused of affair with John Conroy and pregnant by him. Because of his hatred for Conroy, Victoria helped to spread nasty rumors about the supposed pregnancy Hastings. As it turned out, Hastings appeared only pregnant ?? it was actually had an abdominal tumor. Victoria's inexperience shows in the bedchamber crisis, but the writers of the film to ignore some of the more unpleasant aspects of her character, as evidenced by Hastings Affair <br /> <br /> In other transactions, "The Young Victoria" with. - with of course - love affair between the Queen and Prince Albert. Victoria Albert continued waiting, as the film is clear, as she wanted to acclimate himself to his duties as the new monarch. They spent a lot of time, which correspond to each other, while Albert has not returned to England and Victoria supported during difficult times bedchamber crisis. <br /> <br /> I believe a large number of parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the current queen's husband. While Philip, mainly Danish, he went to school in Germany and had in-laws, who were of German origin. And Albert and Philip made it their business etiquette reforms in court (there is a great scene where Albert discovers that the servants are still setting the table for King George III of, even if he had been dead for years!). Fighting Albert was the same Philip ?? as monarchs men, they had to find something to do. And Albert and Philip became involved in various social projects and have proven that they do not have to constantly live in the shadow of their ever popular wives. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, there is a wonderful scene at the end of the film where Albert Victoria furious with what it perceives as its "interference" in its affairs. Albert does not want the second "bedchamber crisis", so that it goes through the head of his wife, and satisfies a compromise involving Victoria will bedchamber. Victoria barely talked to Albert, when the assassin's bullet almost cuts off both of them down (in the film Albert shot in the arm, but it never happened!). <br /> <br /> The performances in the film are uniformly excellent, especially the principal, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. The Young Victoria ends rather abruptly and closing credits tilted too much in relation to the hagiography (without mention of Victoria depression after Albert's death). But "Victoria" is still an appealing drama and fascinating history lesson.
