I was initially forced to be present at my wife as she carries the royal families of Britain and their history, and it will not go to the movies without me. Although the audience should not wait to be electrified, and this film is very well made and the visual aspect is second to none. In many ways, it helps dispel the myth that Victoria was unhappy unsmiling stocky woman is usually seen in the photographs. She was bright and intelligent on the history of its early years, fun, who loves a happy young woman. Her love Albert was the essence of true love, and even if you only count the number of children she has given birth to (9), they should have been hot relationship. All this is well supported in the film. To this end, the cast was well chosen as Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend giving sound performance as the Victoria and Albert. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER ALERT) The historical accuracy is somewhat questionable as never did Prince Albert shot, protecting Victoria. Has been at least one attempt to murder, when they were together, but no one was struck by a shot / sec. I also found it strange that little has been done to expand its presence in the alleged intimate relationship between mother Victoria and Sir John Conroy. It is likely that this relationship was the real reason for the enmity of Victoria and her mother and Conroy. I also found it surprising that there was an attempt to show the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne as erring on the romantic, or at least has the potential to become romantic. He was already in his late 50s, when Victoria came to the throne, and while marriages between older men and young women were widespread at that time, the film depicts Melbourne as a brave 30-something and Prince Albert's rival. There were apparently Alberta rivals, but she could never marry, even a little below her station in life, and Albert was one of the few that would be acceptable in any case. <br /> <br /> In general, I am worse times in the movie, and spent brownie points with my wife, can not be bad either.
