It is the misfortune of Queen Victoria, to be defined as a historical figure in her relationship with men.Shortly after it on the throne, she came under the influence of his prime minister, Lord Melbourne, to the extent that it has become known as "Mrs. Melbourne." after the death of her beloved husband, Albert, it is referred to as the "widow in Windsor," and a few years later, a long friendship with her Scottish Ghillie John Brown earned her the nickname "Mrs Brown" .such is paid by women in a patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different, and "The Young Victoria" goes some way to put the record straight, showing the king as intelligent and independent young women, realizing the injustice of her company and its courtyard. The courts have always been pockets of simmering jealousy, plotting and counter-sketch, naked ambition and sometimes directly killing. As an innocent 18-year-old Victoria ascended the throne of his uncle, thus initiating a positive orgy of intrigue and power struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and his rival, Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne cuts shooting in the Old Public School People kind of way with his finely-honed cynicism and his well-polished stones advice. It is hardly surprising that the young queen finds herself in awe of him, and perhaps even a little bit of love, reverence, he ruthlessly exploits, drawing a fine line between trying to attempt the seduction and sedition, as it makes its policy towards a better view Victoria. The scene goes to Prince Albert, on a mission from King Leopold of Belgium, in the acute political rapprochement between Britain and the rest of Europe. Initially reluctant suitor, he soon falls in love with the Queen of England and palliates influence politicians and courtiers. "The Young Victoria" beautifully photographed brilliantly notch and very gorgeous movie.I point out that he has been criticized in some quarters for this splendor, as if a film about the nineteenth-century English royalty must somehow show the Empress of India and her family, lives in a dirty rag in the workhouse ........ I do not think so. I must highlight the excellent Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminded me of a young princess Margaret's.Hers, obviously a key role, and it has absolutely no problem in dominating the film, despite the strong performances from Mr. Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson Miss Harriet Walter, all far more experienced. Music respective royal and forms part of a cohesive film, without being in any way intrusive. The fact that the Britan flourished more under its two great queens Elizabeth I and Victoria than at any other time this matter Feminists would like to do more but, I suspect, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher really strong women makes them feel uncomfortable .If you can understand why there may be a Ph.D. in it.
