Overall, I thought it was a very good film - I do not want to use the word "good", as it is quite dry, but it was very nice to look at and the central performances Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt were very strong. What I liked most was the fact that, in spite of the brilliant aesthetics of costumes and settings, all gilded and brilliant, this aspect is not taken on the basis of the film, which was a good, strong written form (thanks to Julian Fellowes: D); nothing too bright or saturated with a pump that is not sensation (if Victoria pulled out of bed to be informed now she is the queen, and you might not get a less glamorous hand crown). He walked softly and each line in the movie held its value. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt, the image of love between the Victoria and Albert, though somewhat fairytale-ish on his face, was actually a slow burning candle and others, and Blunt did so to show how easily the two men " set "together, despite being initially organized association (my favorite bit was when they come home from hunting and Victoria just hugs her new husband from behind, so to speak without words is what the film is all about ). Dumb held her own pretty as well, she has a face that requires your attention, and I can not fail to mention the costumes she wears - a simply magnificent. If I was I would have problems Blunt part with any of them! The rest of the ensemble cast played their roles well, Harriet Walter as Queen Adelaide is a highlight. <br /> <br /> The only qualm I have is that it was not a sense of urgency, or an event that could have made the film a little more exciting? (It was pretty tame) I do not know, I wanted something that "" happens, what would Victoria pulling some forces and to prove it costs a little more. If she and Albert argued, I loved it, I could do with some more key dramatic moments, although it may just be me. <br /> <br /> And finally, at the risk of all the patriotic, it update the look of pride and fear in the crown, and what it takes to be in this position, especially at such a young man. This may be due in part to the fact that the grip of this film young life of Victoria have just inclined to think that I am writing for a mine sign in «The Sword & The Scion», but, nevertheless, he did flag up these feelings ( for those after my book, you can guess that so accurately reflects the character of Victoria?) This may be partly the movie appear as ridiculous the government was back in the days when they do not seem to give two hoots about the poor and destitute nation, which in turn updates the only assessment that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert have yli so active in the domestic domain. This prompted the government to be quite useless - nothing has changed, I believe, <br /> <br /> blog on movies and books :. Http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
