What else can I say? I was not so fascinated by the young actress as Cate Blanchett burst onto the scene over a decade ago. Although both Blanchett and Blunt played Queens now (seems standard and coming actresses), a complete opposite role. <br /> <br /> Simply put, if you are looking for a great passion, causing drama and intrigue of Machiavelli, this is not the film for you. This does not mean that the script or direction was bad, its just that the subject matter of the film is not brought too dramatic life in comparison with other well-known personalities, like Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII of, Henry the V, Henry II and Elainor with Acquitane. These are people whose lives have been things such as good soap operas are made and whose policies and decisions changed the course of English, and in most cases, world history. Victoria, in contrast, came to the throne without incident, it is a quasi-regulated country that is fast becoming a world power because of industrialization and the rise of the Navy, its stable state government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and it came out married young was a harmonious family life. The facts of her life is not the Storm and Drag, such as the powerful drama made. <br /> <br /> The film, apart from trying to dramatize it outlived education and machinations around the throne, it is the story of one thing that was really shocking and weird about it reign- love story. Marriage done for financial or political reasons, with the reason it is not necessarily the place to find peace by shaking passion, but Victoria will always be remembered in history as a kind of patron saint of family loyalty, happiness and the ideal family life. Thus, a central place in the film is the budding love Victoria and her Prince Albert. I was very taken with the characterization of Albert Rupert Friend, whom he portrayed as a kind, patient, more serious and perhaps a touch naive young man looking to "do good in the world and help." In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic figure of the prime drama around, but since it is not a point of history, it does not matter. Heart of nature shines through concise yet thorough performance of the other. <br /> <br /> As for the Queen, well..Emily Blunt sublime. Her beauty can not be denied, but it is more than something pretty to look at; her face like mercury because of its expressiveness. Smallest eyebrows arch, eye gaze or a slight smile gives so much. Again, it is not pretentious speeches performance heavy and hot request, it is not this kind of a movie. But what Ms. Blunt makes the role is to show the simple humanity of the character with a powerful subtlety. <br /> <br /> For example, we see that the joy of life that has been stored under the control of his mother Victoria (Miranda Richardson) and her wily adviser / lover Conroy is manifested in the simple things, like Victoria tries to sketch her dog. We see her delight and admiration, at the first meeting Albert in her eyes to be constantly drawn to him. We see her nervous and overwhelmed, referring to Parliament for its ascension. And my favorite scene in the entire film, we see her nervous, happy, and hopeful, as she began to do what in fact most women should never do in his life to ask the man she loves to marry it, and offer so ridiculous at the time (and some would say now) that Victoria burst into nervous laughter before she could even say "marry me." Again, this is not a film for over a larger-than-life expressions, but more research into the intricacies of nature and do the little things say so much. <br /> <br /> So, overall, I judge a film, it's the fact that he was trying to do, and as such, I give it a 7. I felt that some policies could be better explained and that some very remarkable actors have been spent with a small number of cases and little character development, namely Miranda Richardson as the Duchess of Kent, and the characters Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the film should not have spent a lot of time on these characters, but a little more exposure would help to explain the political situation. In addition, I would like to see more adapting to family life between the Victoria and Albert, but it might just be my thirst for more scenes of the way, and Blunt. <br /> <br /> In general, do not consider this film from the point of view of the historical drama, but for what it really is, a love story between the two characters that occur with historical figures. I give this film a solid body 7 for outstanding lead performances, brilliant costumes and scenery and beautiful Victoria Emily Blunt. And anyone who has any little romance left in them, you will be touched by the end of this film. God Save the Queen.
