Cinematic interest in the British monarchy continues The Young Victoria (1837 to 1901), after being seen in recent years, efforts to Keira Knightley The Duchess, Elizabeth Cate Blanchett movie, Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman to take the Boleyn sisters from The Other Boleyn Girl. More recent history will include the award-winning Helen Mirren Queen of the current board of the Queen Elizabeth II at the turn of Princess Diana's death. <br /> <br /> Each of the films mentioned signs of stunning actresses with current meaningful (ki, so that some of them can challenge Johansson) or were flavor their time, and each film was the final moment in the legacy of their historical character, he It will not be a no-brainer that these events featured, and in fact Elizabeth was enough to cover the two films. Nevertheless, The Young Victoria, as the name already says, this is the lite version of the life of the young queen, and if you are looking for that final event, or staple the political intrigue that will obstruct all the royal household and their relationship with the shadow, self-serving politicians, unfortunately there is nothing depth here. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that The Young Victoria without. Canadian director Jean-Marc Vallee is (best known CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, the film chronicles in very simple terms ,, life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, soon becomes the new It girl) when she was a child in trouble, she I faced before the coronation, such as a desire to her mother the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her adviser, sir John Conroy (Mark Strong), to appoint itself as the joint regent to the throne, as already planned reigning King William (Jim Broadbent). As if that were not enough, the political game of power comes into the picture with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) as prime minister in waiting, trying to win the confidence of the new queen, and subtly puts his trusted allies in the post at the palace. On the one hand, you would understand the need for the young and the new queen to have trusted people in key positions, but on the other hand, they do act in their own interests or the interests of others? <br /> <br /> Even that intrigue angle creeps into her romance with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where their relationships form the majority of the second half of the film, and almost everything is already included in the trailers. For both, they were brought up under the influence of others, and told every step of the way exactly what to do. Even their union may seem registration of firms of the alliance, if not for the two lovers, who recognize their common need to establish their own ground, and do this with each other. Instead of being the pawns, there is a constant search and research opportunities to break out of the suffocating and sometimes absurd, rules and regulations. Trust also becomes a very valuable commodity, and loyalty can also be sold for those who want to install from scratch. <br /> <br /> However, all these issues have become, but the wind through the narrative, with the romance of childhood, marriage and children. In fact, there are so many fast-forwarding here, especially in the last few minutes, filled with mutual name, he actually leaves the audience wanting more, and the room, of course, for another film, which I suspect is likely to see the light day, but perhaps a television series can pick up on the answer of the film, and to withdraw from the mini-series and such. It is a pity that all the efforts here to provide excellent costumes, decorations and art direction will be glued to the film, quite easy in the subject and a brief mention of issues that they did not actually challenge the protagonists, so that for some bridging character defining the enemy. <br /> <br /> With its stellar cast, one would have expected more, but could be left wanting more instead. Recommended for those who have ever know, the kings and queens of the British monarchy, only as a supplement to other more interesting stories that are available in other films, has already been mentioned.
