Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in line for the throne of England. The present King William (Jim Broadbent) is not well and can not live long. However, the wily Vicki's mother, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her assistant, John (Mark Strong) want to force Victoria to sign documents declaring them to be "regents" until she was older because she is only 20 years of age. The young lady refused, despite John slapped her around. This is another indication that Victoria has a strong will and a deep love for his country. However, when William does pass away soon after her 21 th birthday, Victoria knows she has a heavy debt to her. Firstly, it has to surround himself with "right" advisers to control the mind. She chooses a beautiful Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), who, though an old man, referred to as a supporter for Vicky. This brings us to the second important decision of the young queen. Sooner than not, the young queen must choose his future mate, as this would bring stability to his life and the kingdom, as the heir to appear in the coming years. Meanwhile, in Germany, some distant relatives of the British royal family are hatching any plans as well. Handsome Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), from the dynasty of Saxon-Coburg, is prodded by his father to court the young British royal. Once he arrived at the palace, he was killed and the feeling seems to be mutual. But since he is a minor player on the map royal courtship, he can succeed in winning her heart? This is a great film, made even better performance completely defeated Emily Blunt as Victoria. Yes, she's beautiful, but it is its intelligent reading of the role that powerful kill. Each also doing well, as well as other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (which is disgusting role!), And everything else. In addition, the film is beautifully shot, costume and set, which makes it a visual treat in every way. If something is not enough, an additional dose of blinding, as the film seems a little too simple and prosaic, sometimes with a few sad editing. However, this is only a small and petty arguments in general very successful and magnificent film. In short, young and old, you have to find time for the young Victoria. This is the most worthy among the 2009 film of cinematic offerings.
