In addition to being the longest reign in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria also has two other distinctions. It was, in addition to our current Queen, the oldest ever British monarch, who lives in the age of 81 she was the youngest British (unlike English or Scottish) monarch coming to the throne, as a girl of eighteen. And yet, if your TV or a movie, or make the program a film about it, they seem much more interested in the old Victoria than they do to a young girl; Victoria's version, with which modern audiences is likely to be most familiar is Judi Dench in "Mrs. Brown." "The Young Victoria" is trying to restore the balance, showing us the events surrounding its entry, and in the early years of her reign. He has a rare contrast produced by the former Royal, the Duchess of York Sarah, whose daughter Princess Beatrice makes a brief appearance as an extra. <br /> <br /> There are three main strands to the plot. The first concerns the intrigues Victoria mother, the Duchess of Kent, a very unpopular figure, even with her own daughter, mainly due to the influence of his adviser, Sir John Conroy, who was widely rumored to be her lover. (According to one rumor, he unjust, and not the late Duke of Kent, of course, Victoria's father). The second line concerns growing romance between Victoria and her German cousin Prince Albert, and the attempts by King Leopold of Belgium, who was the uncle of them both to influence this novel. (Hope Leopold was to raise the prestige of the House of Saxe-Coburg, to which he belonged and Albert). The third problem is related to one of the most bizarre episodes in British political history, Bedchamber crisis in 1839, when supporters of the Tory party (which has traditionally supported a strong monarchy) rioted because of the young Queen perceived in favor of the Whig Party and its leader, Lord Melbourne, even though the fact Whigs historically maintained a quasi-republican system of government, the monarch is reduced to nominal. <br /> <br /> Written by Fellowes is known for his conservative views, and sometimes I was wondering when it can be colored by his treatment of political topics, he seems to lean toward Tory predecessors of modern Conservative Party. Their leader Robert Peel shown as noble statesmen, while Melbourne for all its features and charm, is manifested as perfidious and are not interested in social reform. There may be some truth these characterizations, but Fellowes says nothing of the fact that only a few years ago, the Tories were against the law on the reform, which ended the corrupt electoral system rotten boroughs, and that they have benefited from the unconstitutional dismissal of William IV of the Whig administration. <br /> <br /> Lessons dynastic and constitutional history does not always transfer well to the cinema screen, and this one contains its share of inaccuracies. Prince Albert, for example, were not injured in the attempt Edward Oxford Victoria life, and Melbourne (in his late fifties at the time of Victoria's accession) was not as young as he is portrayed here Paul Bettany. King William IV of, of course, did not like the Duchess of Kent (who was his daughter), but I doubt that if he had gone so far as to yell abuse at her during a state banquet, as he showed here does. I do not understand the significance of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy are trying to get Victoria to sign «Regency Order»; the initial position of the Duchess became clear Rizhensi Act 1830, which provides that it would be a regent when her daughter was still under eighteen at the time of its entry. Neither piece of paper signed by Victoria could not change the law. <br /> <br /> There are also some shortcomings. In one early scene we see the Victoria and Albert to play chess, comparing himself a pawn is moved around the chessboard, the metaphor is so hackneyed that the whole scene had to come complete with a "Danger! Major cliché ahead! "Warning. Nevertheless, in spite of the scene as it is, I have come to enjoy the film. There were some good performances, especially with Miranda Richardson as the Duchess of intriguing and Mark Strong as Conroy unbearable. It is visually very attractive, shot in luxurious style, we have come to associate with the British historical drama. Jim Broadbent gives a funny turn as King William, although he was sometimes tempted to go on top. (Although not as dramatically over, he was in "Moulin Rouge"). <br /> <br /> The main reason for the success of the film, however, performances Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend as the two young lovers Victoria and Albert. Dumb is probably more attractive than Victoria was in real life, but also in its well below the Queen is no longer the old lady popular representation, dressed in black Widow of Windsor, who was constantly not pleased, but strong, strong spirit and loving young woman. Her love for Albert, and their happy family life together, was one of the main reasons why the monarchy succeeded in restoring itself in lesions of the British people. (With the exception of George III of, Hanover Victoria's ancestors were known, lacking in the virtues of married). Dull and Friendship "The Young Victoria," a touching romance and thrilling human drama, as well as the study of a key period in British history. 8/10
