Legend rises Andrei Konchalovsky 4 and a half hours poem in Siberia is not started immediately, because he has to hold back in space, because it takes time devious research half-remembered childhood memories in turn-off backwoods village-eternal, but the film goes on picking up a couple of building in the emotional resonance, as though even the sounds and images that compose it imbued by sheer association with their object to the fact that the quality of the hard tireless quiet dignity that characterize the spirit of Soviet workers, Kanchalovs Key notes Soviet collectivism, but almost revisionist path to the odes as Soy Cuba and Invincible mood turns somber and reflective. News revolutions reach the isolated Siberian village through the grapevine. The fruits of their labor to achieve only when World War II encourages young people to attract. Through it all, Konchalovksy zeroes in on the person with care and love to explore grief and regret of a woman who was waiting for 6 years after the War of the bridegroom, who never came back, waited a long time to go out and become a waitress on a ship with velvet sofas, and that she left a year later to return to his village to care for an aging uncle who killed Betrothed father with an ax, irreverent folly of the groom, who returned from the war a hero 20 years and later returned, not for the girl he left behind, but drilling oil at home, despair and resignation of middle-aged party regional leader who returns to his small Siberian village with the sole purpose of blotting his card to build a power plant. The film flows from decade to decade, from 10's to 80's with amazing newsreel rear of Soviet history from the Revolution to the war of hunger and titanium technological advances Empire (excellent visual effects here! All of the kinetic violence and distorted angles and flickering compressed shots of the crowd and the individual ), but the film focuses on the individual, on the triumphs and follies of small and large. By the second half of the feeling of bitter fatalism creeps; with broken lives, who have never reached the implementation choking with regret and longing. "It can not be set", it seems that the world is talking, which is responsible Konchalovksy «it should matter," because the main characters continue to try to ransom. <br /> <br /> But this saga of "man in the landscape" something hovering, dark, almost substanceless, as the Eternal old hermit, who appears in each segment, to guide or to renounce the protagonists, sometimes only spectactor, sometimes mysterious sage, a little behind and above all other simple and logical incomprehensible ultimatums problems and allegations of human nature, the invisible, seems to be hiding ghosts of parents who appear in sepia dreams, repeated shots of the stars twinkling in the night sky, curious. bear, really old Eternal himself; Konchalov ksy calls for deep respect and celebration in front of a mystical land of a different order. In his treatment of small backwoods community fights against the progress of time and nature, and the way he learns to deal with them, often funny strange and tragic at the same time and in the as the director never lets cynicism override his humanity, it reminds me to Imamura's deepest desires of the gods. If the dream scene, Alex tore through the doors of the board on which Stalin propaganda poster plastered to go on his (dead) parents as g disappears in the fog, the film hints at the betrayal of the Soviet dream, or better yet, all things lost in the revolution, a betrayal becomes more evident in a fiery climax of the film. Strange visual effects, elegiac and gloomy with raw naturalist parties, help seal the deal. By the end of this, oil Derric erupts in flames, and the film breaks in a wild explosion of pure cinema.
