this film is designed as a movie Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers - in the plot outline, dances, music and Zippy the whole formula is ... except the ginger! Whether it really was originally conceived as a re-pairing the team is uncertain, but it sure has the look of one of these films. Instead of the usual allies for Fred (such as Eric Blore and Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen used - perhaps because, in spite of the team known as the comedy, they can sing and dance well enough. It really shocked me, but the team has been a welcome addition, and some of the traditional Ginger and Fred numbers were made either with Fred and Grace, or the two, together with George. Only once, in the end, does Ms. Fontaine dance with Fred, but it is very short and with a long camera shot. <br /> <br /> And speaking of Burns and Helen, I think I owe it to the team to talk about them in the film. I've never been a supporter of the show or movie. In general, I think the idiot act of Grace is very annoying, and I gave some bad reviews in shorts films and feature films. However, in this film, I have to admit that they were great - not just dance correctly, but I actually thought they were funny, and filled the hole left by Edward Everett Horton is very beautiful. They were on top of their game, and the authors have done an excellent job in this department. <br /> <br /> At the present time, as for the rest of the film, it's all very fun and interesting. The problem for me, though, is that Joan Fontaine was not a particularly good choice for the film - not only because it operates outside the range (in the end, it was not a singer or a dancer), but because it It had the presence of the ball down the screen. Because of this, the conventional balance and dialogue big boy-girl, was not enough. It was also a very nice speech Harry Watson as devilish little boy who did everything he could do to play cupid - all because he wanted to win a bet! Finally, I loved the Fun House and Tunnel of Love sequences - it's too difficult to describe, but it's so fun to watch! Overall, I did like the movie quite a bit - it was a lot of charm and excellent writing. Unfortunately, he also showed a mild statement, Ms. Fontaine, that knocks a point - resulting in my account for this film to 7.
