Soon, Americans are swarming over the darkened, damaged England preparing for the invasion of Europe, but in 1937 the picture hip Americans in a sunny location, a little ridiculous the English countryside was attractive, idyllic distraction. American dance star and heartthrob Jerry Halliday (Astaire), a tour of Europe and tired of the screaming crowd of women generated lurid propaganda of his manager (Burns), unwittingly involved in the marriage prospects of frustration heiress Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). Tale complicated puddle rate among Marshmorton employees who manage (and falsified) head butler Keggs (Gardiner), which relies on a cousin of Lady Alice Reggie (Noble), the favorite of the stuffy, overbearing Aunt Alice (Collier), history would have been much better, as the half-hour TV episodes. Conventional devices Woodhouse scene misidentification and jumps to incorrect conclusions worn thin in a feature movie. Both Alice and Gerry are incredible (and annoyingly) ignorant in the second half of the film. Amusement Park interlude culminating in the lock for too long and start to pull. Fontaine too beautiful, too grand and too quiet to be a ditzy blonde, no matter how aristocratic, while the young lackey Albert (Watson) hurt badly. But while "Girl" is a pretty miniature cars so much talent, talent does not disappoint. Astaire's romantic comedy skill is no less pleasant than in any of his films with Ginger Rogers and his dance scene, both solo and with Burns and Allen, entirely on the height, although his one dance with rookie hoofer Joanna necessarily manual. Grace almost steals all shows how bubbly secretary George, who immediately airheaded, connivance and indifference confident. Her scene with a strong character actor like Gardiner roundabout snob Keggs is a classic one in his family. this priceless scene with Astaire and Madrigal singers give a "damsel" lovely color naive but noble stubborn Americans mingling with the noble but sad spirit of the British. Gershwin is at the top of his game with the "Good work if you can get it» & «Stiff Upper Lip», carrying the film through its weaknesses. And there is another movie where madrigals get treatment Swing Gershwin? "Girl" is more than a piece of trivia for those who want to see Rogers or not Aster Fontaine, before she was the real star. This is a great distraction, as entertaining as any of the vaudeville musical comedies that ruled the 1930s, but never to be made again.
