In a famous article he wrote about Dickens, George Orwell points out that many readers have always regretted that Dickens had not continued to write, as he did in the Notes: that is, he did not stick to write funny anecdotal stories for the rest of his career . It would not be too difficult for Dickens. His contemporary Robert Surtees just did it, just focusing on the misadventures of fox hunting kit (MR. FANCY'S Romford hounds is the name of one of his novels). Among hunters and lovers of horses Surtees still have a following, but most people find it unreadable novels. Dickens decided to show that he was more than funny man (and do not forget that his first book, Sketches by Boz, also funny book). So the third book of Dickens Oliver Twist (get pretty dark at points). Orwell says that for any author to grow, they need to change the style of his books. Dickens, of course (and successfully) agreed to it. <br /> <br /> But Orwell overlooked writer of the genre, which goes beyond his comrades. Surtees, as I said, it's a genre writer focusing on the hunt - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P.G.Wodehouse saw himself as an entertainer, poking fun at the upper reaches of the British social system. His proud Earl of Emsworth is best pig raising in England than to be ... Well Count Emsworth! His Psmith always ready to counter-attack when he should be submissive to an unfair advantage. Stanley Uckridge it will always have an "ideal" scheme, which should net a huge profit (but always manages to come apart at the end). And best of all, it Jeeves has always put his brilliant brain to work rescuing inept Bertie Wooster, his boss. Since Wodehouse had a limited understanding of its mission, the writer - he was there to make fun cartoon figure for entertaining the world - his book has not lost its luster. They were (and are) of their goals. In fact, compared with its Wodehouse much more serious contemporary Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote a funny book, but more intellectual type. Best of Vaughan remains among the high points of twentieth century British literature: Brideshead, decline, and everything else. But in its quest to make his point when he points failed to interest the reader often collapsed book. For each Vile TEL was a definite failure at the end of his career as The Ordeal of Gilbert Pinfold. Although Wodehouse can make smaller schlock also his fall did not go as far as Waugh did. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also a talented lyricist (if you hear "Bill" in the score fun, sun Kern and Hammerstein tune, but Kern and Wodehouse pipe borrowed from «Oh Lady, Lady» a decade ago). He was on hand, too, the playwright. So nice to see that he had taken his novel A Damsel in Distress and turned it into the script here. <br /> <br /> He has a normal touches Wodehouse. This is the perfect butler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in an excellent performance) villain of rigging the "friendly" game of chance gambling he heads among the staff of the manor house. He also could not help sometimes, the Italian opera singing - despite attempts to Constance Collier, to monitor your pulse. It is typically characteristic of Wodehouse. As the love affair between Lady Alice and Jerry continues to go well and go down because of the antics of the young Keggs and Alberta, both of which want to win this game by accident pot of cash. Wodehouse always makes this type of land switch with antagonists shift their point of view, depending on their current state of interest. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also fortunate here to Burns and Alan work. It is generally considered that, of all the films that they made in supporting actors (eg, SIX OF A KIND, and we do not DRESSING) George and Grace have done their best support with Fred Astaire. The sequence of Fun House, which includes the song «Stiff Upper Lip», which is great, as is the earlier sequence, where the three to make a "whisk broom" dance (that Aster learned from Burns). But marvelous illogical Grace logic used by Wodehouse in scenes from Gardiner (see how it manages to confuse him give her more money than changing it deserves to be - only Albert happens to notice the error Keggs / Gardiner, and looks at the Gardiner, as if he either stupid or crazy). Conversation with her Lady Caroline (Collier) 'son Reggie (Ray Noble, leader of the British band), which leads him to imagine that he would marry her, but saying goodbye to Grace, she leaves George to marry perfectly well . <, Br /> <br /> film allegedly failed at the box office due to lack of Ginger Rogers in it, and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine does an excellent job in this role, but the lack of really Wodehouse - he did a very interesting character. But the movie can stand without it, considering the other performers and the characters, the music of Gershwin, and a wonderful sense of fun Wodehouse.
