By «Zavet» were similarities between Tim Burton and Kusturica artistic vision. They find their poetic style, and then they are cowards become prisoners of it. Burton (and still is) Kusturica Depp has Predrag Manojlovic, and somehow they received critical acclaim for repeating the same formula over and over again. However, there are people like me, who find a joke funny only when they heard the first time. This is the main reason why the worst films of Kusturica are "Black Cat, White Cat" and "Life is a miracle." «Zavet» something completely different. You may like it, you may hate it, but it's not just another Kusturica poetic ?? Balkan fairy-tale stuff. Of course, if you want to praise, you should play it safe. It was very easy Kusturica to make just one more flying Gypsies movie and get a reward. Fortunately, as a brave man, he wants to make a film that would be ironic view of his previous works. «Zavet» can be described as strong and very tough parody of the previous films, the director Kusturica Kusturica himself. It's nice to see a great movie director, not to take yourself too seriously. It is a quality that Kusturica is and even the largest, like Bergman or Kubrick, was not. This film is so meaningless that it becomes absurd, so absurd, that it becomes deep, and so unfunny that it becomes funny. The same material that makes the «Plan 9 from Outer Space" cult would have made this masterpiece for those who know how to look. The average western viewer would not have got a few links. The most famous, the tire shop owner Biljana Srbljanović, and it refers to Biljana Srbljanović, famous Serbian playwright. From a political point of view, it is very active as a left oriented liberal, and she despises political views and anarchism Kusturica. "Everything, but not thin," Kusturica take her work has been neutered Predrag Manojlovic in Biljana Srbljanović store. Secondly, reference is made by Goran Bregovic ?? composer prior Kusturica. He created «Funeral and wedding band" and begins to perform throughout Europe. Despite the fact that he praised as a great composer, a performer Bregovic and his songs, most (if not all) are bad covers of traditional Serbian songs. taking on Kusturica Bregovic had to confront a wedding and a funeral, a funeral mocking weddings. In addition, the music covers the western classics like "London Bridge is falling down" or French lullabies. You will find this unfunny? Now you can see how we feel in Serbia, listening to the terrible cover Bregovic in. I really liked this film because he does not pretend deep, so full of character that it becomes a parody, and it is beautifully directed, as well as all his works. If you like the previous films of Kusturica, there is a big chance that you will hate it. If you do not like some of his recent films, you can find it as a pleasant surprise, because it's like Fellini direction "Pink Flamingos". For the purpose. I have massive respect for this guy after the "" Testament. Next Tim Burton film, of course, is the main character with pale faces. The following Kusturica films can easily be about aliens invading Earth. That is the reason why he is the most interesting director in the world, whether you like it or not.
