Kabei: Our Mother (2008) poetic and sublime beauty of Japan. This crybaby! I had heard good reviews of the movie and removed it from Netflix. Am I glad I did! In many ways, this movie reminded me of the old style of Japanese classic film making from the 1940s and 1950s, that I have come to love so much, as you can see in the photos Ozu - title loans even begin the same way, with Japanese letters ( characters) in red against a neutral color burlap material. I immediately thought: this director loves Oz. The same style was used too: the main room sets only a few open-air stage. Even a couple of "pillow shots" as Roger Ebert calls them. The strength of the film is based on the love of the characters to each other. <br /> <br /> The history of Japanese family life before, during, and after World War II. Mother takes care of her girls grow best that it can, after the father (a university professor) arrested for anti-war sympathy. He never released and has only a few short meetings with his wife in prison before he would die of hunger and disease. Meanwhile, a former student of the professor often comes to help take care of the mother and the two girls. He begins to fall in love with his mother and is a substitute for the father of two girls. But the war begins, and he called, and they have to say goodbye sharp. Will they ever express their love for each other? Will he ever come back from the war? <br /> <br /> There is so much heart and gentle spirit by starring Sayuri Yoshinaga. It is almost the type of Madonna, she's so beautiful! Big soulful eyes and flawless skin. The actor, who plays a student is phenomenal as well: it is called Tadanobu Asano. Which is sensitive work. There's no macho in it at all; he was gentle and kind. I would certainly like to see how these two other films. I think I will check to see that for them. Two small child actresses are excellent too. <br /> <br /> The film just released on NTSC DVD for the American audience, very easy to read English subtitles. I gave it 10 out of 10 on IMDb. I cried almost as much as the Japanese film classic Twenty-four eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
