My introduction to the cinematic world Odi Yamada is through his famous and recently Samurai Trilogy with Dark Samurai, The Hidden Blade Love and Honor. I enjoyed all three films, and looking at a prolific filmography, a veteran director, I think it will take me a very long time to see all of his films, especially the Tora-san series. Needless to say, when Kabei Our mother has finally reached our shores, I jumped at the chance to see what will be an ode to mothers around the world, celebrating his innate love for their children. <br /> <br /> Based on the autobiography Teruyo Legs, Kabei - Our Mother speaks of a close-knit family of four people ?? Mother Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), Shigeru father "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Banda), the eldest daughter of Hatsu (Peace Shida) and youngest child Theroux (Miku Sato). From the get-go on their lives would be changed forever when Shigeru is arrested under the Act on the Protection of the World because of its morally ambiguous works against the nation, established in the late 30s, when Japan began its "crusade" in China, and in the future their participation in the second World war. <br /> <br /> So begins Kabei struggle to hold down a job to support his family, and frequent, heavy meeting with her husband in prison. Help comes from relatives, especially on the side of Shigeru, since Kabei own father had adopted the "I told you so" attitude, with its choice of a husband. once a student Yam Shigeru in (arthouse buff should recognize Tadanobu Asano here) delivers laughter as a hulking man who slowly becomes a confidant and surrogate guardian of children and sisters Kabei in law Hisako (Rei Dan) from Hiroshima, which I believe I would have sounded some alarms look at the past as to her unhappy fate, as the film progresses through its timeline. <br /> <br /> while the center of the film is primarily about how children grow in the presence of his mother, and in the long-distance communication with their father, that I enjoyed as a tiny family events unfold in a macroscopic all the world events that have affected the common people in Japan. It is against the historical background of Japan's push for regional dominance, and there are characters that are not masked these ambitions, even to discuss the fact that the country will eventually do this is to be successful in holding the conquered lands. This is something that I rarely see in Japanese films that open in their discussion of the era, and also get an idea of ​​how ordinary people have to fight against internal problems made more difficult with the resources that are directed towards the war. <br /> <br /> actresses cast step is perfect in their delivery and the role, whether veterans or the child actors. Actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves special mention for her role as a mother figure who has to dig deep and find the inner strength to carry the economy later in the difficult conditions, while the world's Sid and Mick Sato is nice to understand how children who have learn how to make do and to compromise. Every scene with the three of them together just makes it heartbreaking when the going gets tough, or fill your heart with joy, they should celebrate. By the time you will find yourself quickly attracted want to be part of the family, thanks to powerful performance of the primary cast, with Odi Yamada coaxing some really natural performances from the children <br /> <br /> Kabei -. Our mother has some stunningly beautiful art direction and is classy in its supplier of both happy and sad moments, without having to go up, or rely on cheap melodrama cheaper emotions he seeks from the audience. There are a lot of little things, everything is done correctly, making it the perfect step with each scene is not wasted, and every nuance is very significant in the transmission of its message across, whether it's love or sympathy. <br /> <br /> In addition to the end of a very steep (I was hoping that it could last much longer, despite the more than 2 hours runtime), Kabei Our mother is highly recommended, and you will see that it will be difficult to contain or tears, or the thought of his mother and her victim, she does for you on a daily basis. Only that these sacrifices should you need another reminder, the scene at the time Nakonechny loans will remind you of things that you probably took for granted.
