"I hate those stories that begin with the funeral, but I'm afraid that this one begins the day we buried George. Not that we buried him. In the interests of the environment, we are burning it. "So says Elizabeth (Judi Dench), widow of George. She led a comfortable, predictable life with George. She has two adult children and 12-year-old grandson. But when she was 15 and at school, in the midst of World War II, she played the saxophone at night all the girls (almost all women) group called The Blonde Bombshells. "Almost" because drummer Patrick, a charming swindler who had no desire to fight and possibly be killed. With yellow wig in a long red dress and makeup, Patrick looked almost as good as the other. <br /> <br /> One night after the funeral, Elizabeth finds herself in the attic of his house, playing the saxophone, she let go. it is used in practice, but only if George was out of the house on the golf course. Then two things. her granddaughter, amazed how good Elizabeth begins to talk about how the Blonde Bombshells can reunite and play in her dance school. Elizabeth then meets Patrick (Ian Holm), now just an aging old man, Elizabeth, and just how much attracted to her, he was over 50 years ago. (He was also attracted to all other members of the Bombshells. Roses that appear on his bass drum had a special significance, which shows his love.) Well, why not see if other members of the group can be placed, and why not give it a shot for a reunion performance at the school's granddaughter? <br /> <br /> Why not? One member of the group is Gaga. One of them died. One is in prison. One found salvation with the Salvation Army. One can not find any trace. One of them is the last known to be in the United States. One of them is a professional singer and does not intend to do a school concert, even for a reunion. But alone, Elizabeth and Patrick bring together the surviving members of the Bombshells. We do not know when enough of them, can be found. Rehearsals often turn into a fake decline. While they do this, we share Elizabeth's memories of what life was like when she and Patrick were young in wartime London time, playing in the group, while the bombs fall. As scary as it was, it was the most exciting time of their lives. If the night dancing granddaughter Elizabeth comes, of course, Blonde Bombshells, filled with fear and friendship restored, to undermine the youth away. After that, Elizabeth tells us that Bombshells continue to play live, and that she and Patrick has no plans to marry ... but I do not see nothing wrong with a little fooling around. <br /> <br /> This is a sentimental garbage, skillfully done, and not bad. What makes it work is the skill and charm Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term "sympathetic comedy," I usually cringe when actors are not the first speed. Dench and Holm are wonders to observe how they take it as light weight and predictable, like the scenario and turn it into something that fascinates us. Then there are the "old broad" Gambit, interestingly enough, if you remember the old woman. Among the Blonde Bombshells are Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine sang three numbers and almost overly balanced production. She is so strong and unique jazz talent that while she sings a program almost becomes Cleo Laine Show. Another attractive feature is the number of great songs of World War II played a strong vibration.
