To her adult children grieving and almost immediately after (Dame Dench) Elizabeth's husband died, widowed, living tenor saxophonist becomes dared openly to return to his musical interests. Now that George died, Elizabeth no longer need to deal with the saxophone in the attic. As it becomes more and more satisfied with playing outdoors, Elizabeth takes a walk down memory lane, remembering when she was a 15-year-old member of the jazz-swing group "Blonde Bombshells»: supposedly all-girl group of talented WWII jazz swing musicians. One of the band members of "Blue Blonde Bombshells» was debauchery, dressing drummer Patrick (Ian Holm), with whom Elizabeth remained friends. <br /> <br /> The two 12-year-old great-Patrick & Elizabeth's daughter, Joanna (Millie Findlay), press Elizabeth to surround the former members of the group and has to perform together again; this time as sexagenarians ligament. Among the members of the group she finds are (still Foxy!) Bass-playing, Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dean (Olympia Dukakis), playing trumpet, is an alcoholic and say greed divorced widow lives off the wealth of its many (former) castle in marriages Craigievar Scotland; Gwen (the real life star of the US jazz singer, Clio Laine), referring to the lead vocal; Annie (June Whitfield) as trombone Salvation Army; Betty (the late pianist, Joan Sims), who is training ivory keys in a pub Hastings. <br /> <br /> As Elizabeth, Patrick & Joanna ferret out the world for members of the group in the 1940s, and try to persuade them to resume performing together, Elizabeth often times furious when she finds out more than she wants to know about his adult life - including her own - while having a blast playing great music with the last of the living «Blonde Bombshells». <br /> <br /> Funny, nostalgic, historical, sentimental, entertainment several generations, seriously fun. Actors provide excellent performance. Regardless of their age, they still Bombshell entertainers who put on quite a show. (DVD-now out and should have because of the bonuses and Dolby Digital audio). Of course, as a fan of any of these amazing actors VHS is a collector's item.
