One of the most prominent directors of America was without question Elia Kazan. His directorial genius was not particularly suitable for tight thriller, as Kazan need more space to breathe and to be slower and more subtle. Nevertheless, the "Panic in the streets" is a first-rate social thriller and if anything more relevant to the present day than it was before 1950, when he was released. Topics of illegal immigrants, people smuggling, the inevitable ulcers, rapid transmission worldwide diseases (anxious Widmark said: "I could have been in any American city for ten hours, and in Africa tomorrow"), ethnic isolation and ghettoism today's problems over ever. This film shows an impressive film debut of Jack Palance and excellent performance Bel Geddes, two casting brilliant. Widmark allowed not a psychopath at a time, and this is a deeply caring, warmth, who loves people of strong character. He is basically one man campaign to stop the epidemic of pneumonic plague in New Orleans, struggling to convince politicians sluggish and complacent police that There is a problem. There is a race against time to find the small time crooks who contracted the plague from a dead illegal for 48 hours, until the entire city, and they always remind us, the whole country, are under threat from the worst thing since 1919 flu year. One wonderful scene where Jack Palance, who are infected, preventing the ascent to the ship by a rat on a rope barrier is ironic in the extreme, reminding us in the most appalling conditions that people can be the worst of all carriers and pests, highly dramatic chase scenes in what what they call a "coffee mill" on shipyards rivals most inventive climax of Hitchcock's scenes, and only as a spectacular environment. Many non-professionals appear in the film, which has a gritty realism, well, something called reality. Kazan really takes the camera in places where even people seldom go, and where even the rats would have thought twice. This film was a major achievement of social realism. If he lacks the power of the most charged thriller, it's because Kazan took it so seriously that he could not inflate it, because in the end, the plague threat serious enough to scare anyone, without the need for additional tools and molls, only trouble the movie title that gives a false assumption about the superficiality. But Kazan was anything but superficial. He clearly considered this project of public duty, to warn us of this opportunity. If only those opportunities, decreased today, but unfortunately, they are getting worse every day. One day, after a worldwide plague, the film can be shown in several of the survivors, as an example of how the outbreak is contained in the film, but his lessons were forgotten.
