A small pleasure in life is going down the old movies of the altar in the rental shop, and picking things just because I have not seen him. Great fun sometimes taking the film home and find a small treasure, these games on my screen. <br /> <br /> Long before Elia Kazan turned himself into a brand scroll only notable films (not good), he did it better than the average of the drama. Watching this you will start to notice how much a decent, good or well-observed accumulated scene. Contrast that with its later films where drama deterioration ... preferably large, and unsubtle and controversial. Kazan was ultimately more promoter savings than director. (IT. No, thank you) <br /> <br /> His future excesses Sun hinted at here only in the plot. Plague is coming! But that's not a typical Widmark plays a family man in 1951 and avoid most of the surplus of the figurative; that's almost watchable Barabra Bel Geddes, her debunking turned down (well, for her); they are a couple, and they share some well-written scenes of large and small crises. That is able to focus comic interrogation chatty crew; here's the perfect moment, as the chase begins for a corner and part of a flock of birds over the head shoots focusing point. These small successes of the film has to offer, in which the viewer can actually recognize life; then Hollywood, in his greed, is now deliberately avoid. These are the moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy them. This representative, a man scaled the movie, not the grotesque, overscaled production, which he and others (David Lean) would later popularize, whose legacy is still felt in the shit as diverse as Pirates of the Caribbean and the Moulin Rouge. <br /> <br /> I just watched it twice, and I'll be damned if I could tell you that Jack Palance is looking for in the final scenes, but it does not seem that important to me, as a viewer. It reminds me of like No Way Out A Poitiers noir with Widmark as a villain, and Naked City, which you really need to get your hands on.
