"Panic on the streets (1950)" owes more to the British noir that his American colleagues. As Reed's "The Third Man (1949)" and Dassin's "Night and the City (1950)," directed by Elia Kazan I decided to shoot mostly in place, capturing the fresh and bright decadence slums of New Orleans. The decision is borrowed from the masters of Italian neorealism, he also hired a lot of non-professional actors for supporting roles, giving the air of authenticity of the urban landscape. However, any further comparison with neo-realism would be a mistake, as the "Panic on the streets of" pure melodrama at its best. Killed illegal, fished out of the bay, are infected with pneumonic plague, deadly th airborne mutation of the bubonic plague, which is transmitted from person to person, and without treatment, has a mortality rate that approaches 100%. Clinton Reid (Widmark), an officer with the US Public Health Service, convinces a dubious Police Commander (Paul Douglas ) to conduct a citywide hunt for the people responsible for the killing, so that they, too, are infected with the disease. <br /> <br /> in my younger years, I found «Outbreak (1995)," Wolfgang Petersen to be one of the worst films that I have ever seen. It's a thriller that has plenty "Panic on the streets" {working title: "The Hearth"}, so effectively I was appalled, because he depicted as the Ebola virus and the invisible and invincible killer ?? how you can protect yourself from these things? Kazan's film is the first (that I know), to approach the question of biological epidemics, although with difficulty attributing the visual recognition of the enemy, which is mostly invisible to the human eye; instead he uses Jack Palance as the human incarnation of the plague. Despite his walk among the dirty scum of human society, you never get the feeling that Clinton Reid puts his life at stake {some viewers pointed out that Reid never infect themselves against the plague, though I think it's safe to assume that he did it at the same time, as employees of the morgue}. Nevertheless, there is still a strong sense of urgency in the hunt for the killer of an infected person, underground street rat, polluting sewage from their misconduct. <br /> <br /> In the medieval times, when the Black Death (is now widely believed it was bubonic plague) swept across the civilized world, killing a third of Europe's population, many identified as the destruction of the devil's work. the character of Jack Palance in Black, serves effectively as Satan in human form: angular jaw thug can sometimes be charming and charismatic, but can always explode into fits of violence; his two thugs (played by Guy Thomajan and Mostel), through terror more than anything else, constantly crawling at his feet. If a footman falls ill with fever, Black concluded that male immigrants cousin should be "brought something with him" (the irony of his conclusion does not pass unnoticed), and thus tries to find out what it is supposed to be the object of value. He dies Cradle Poldi in his hands, a grotesque display of fake love, which is both helpless and anxious. Black / Satan finally stopped ?? no power, and the weight of his own infection / evil ?? as he tries to catch a cargo ship, the primary vessel on which a plague has spread all Europe.
