As the film opens, the two bandits to kill another thug. When the body was found and is going to be opened, the doctor realizes that although the man had been killed, he also suffers from pneumonic plague - very unpleasant and more virulent version of the bubonic plague! Thus, it is a race against time to find those who came in contact with a dead person, and immediately treat them, otherwise the catastrophe could erupt. <br /> <br /> Oddly enough, I actually know quite a bit about pneumonic plague, as I taught a series of lectures about it to my history lessons. The film does not do a good job of getting the facts straight about this disease is that it looks a bit like that of people in the film. The biggest problem lies in the fact that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950, they really would not be allowed to show. Of course, there is a fever and cough (they got it right), but also a lot of bleeding and explosive vomiting blackened blood - along with an extremely swollen lymph nodes, as you get to the bubonic plague - all purple and gross! I can understand why they do not go that far. In addition, I believe that the federal government would have a much, much more involved in the control and treatment of this disease - that's in the movie, he was treated at a very local level, and everything seemed to be ill-prepared and a little ridiculous. No one seemed to want to believe the doctors !! As for the action, the film had some great actors here. Widmark and Paul Douglas, accordingly, public health physician and chief of police. Good actors, but also well-known actors back in 1950. However, in his first film, this is a very formidable Jack Palance (still going to his original nickname, Walter Jack Palance "), as well as a relatively unknown (at the time) Mostel. Palance was great - very scary and very physically adept in their own stunts. Mostel played heavy characteristic of his early work. - thick and cowardly evil birth <br /> <br /> In general, despite not actually get the details right, and packing everything up a little too neat, the film is very intense and has excellent acting - and worth a look.
