"Panic on the streets," an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which the director Elia Kazan made great sense of realism shooting the film in New Orleans, using a number of local people to fill a variety of roles and making clever use of improvisation. As a result, the characters and dialogues both seem very natural and believable. An important term that must be met in order to avoid disasters, history gives a great sense of urgency and tempo, and the problems that delay the necessary action is taken, and then increase the voltage at the high level. <, Br /> <br /> After a dispute between the parties in a card game, a man by the name of bumps (Charles Lewis) shot and his body thrown into the docking area. If the body is and the coroner determines the presence of the virus, the US Public Health official Dr. Clinton Reed (Widmark) is in his study confirms the presence of pneumonic plague. Reed says that all known contacts of the deceased should be vaccinated without delay, because the highly contagious nature of the disease means that without such action, any infected person would be expected to die within a few days. <br /> <br /> As the identity of the deceased person unknown, the problem of finding his contacts, is expected to be difficult, and this situation is not helped when the city authorities and the police commissioner are not fully convinced of the briefing Reed. They doubt that the threat of a potentially serious for the public, he argues that it and their initial lack of affection is only the first of a series of obstacles that prevent action by taken urgently. The investigation, which should be difficult because of the lack of cooperation on the part of immigrants, a group of sailors, the owner of the restaurant, as well as some of the illegal immigrants to the identity of the man and his contacts in the end found. <br /> <br /> bumps, an illegal immigrant, was in a gang with Black (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch's (Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook), and if the leader of the black gang becomes aware of an ongoing police investigation, he suggests that bumps should 've smuggled something very valuable in the country. How were related bumps and Poldi, Black believes that Poldi must know something about it and goes to find out more. Poldi, however, is very ill and unable to give any information. Black brings your doctor and together with Fitch Poldi begins to move out of his room and down a few steps, and this is where they meet with Reid and exciting chase follows. <br /> <br /> Widmark gives a strong performance as a low-paid government officials to effectively cope with the heavy responsibilities of his work at that time also has to do with its internal concerns as a family man. In an unusual type of role for him, it also reflects a definite and serious nature inclined Dr. Reed is very convincing. Debut film Jack Palance see it produce impressive results ruthless thug who underestimates the intelligence Kochak in care card game, as well as the reason for the investigation of a busy police. Its distinctive appearance will also help to make it to the presence of the screen even more attractive. <br /> <br /> In typical style dock-noir, Expressionist cinematography and neo-realists effect is used in tandem to effectively convey the atmosphere of places in which the action takes place. Elia Kazan directs with an accuracy of within, but also excels in the memorable chase sequence in the warehouse and on the quay.
