The doctor and police in New Orleans have only 48 hours to find the killer infected with pneumonic plague. <br /> <br /> An effective and classy, ​​a little thriller directed by Elia Kazan, which combines documentary realism with a race against time, fleshy heart. Set and filmed in New Orleans and the surrounding area, Panic In The Streets is taken from the story of the quarantine, Some Like «Em Cold Edna and Edward Anhalt, who won an Oscar for his original story. It also boasts an excellent ensemble cast that takes the best features of the frequency for their directors. In turn, Widmark {reduction method for the year to Marlon did for Kazan in A Streetcar Named Desire}, Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (as Walter Jack Palance) and perfectly named Mostel, everyone gets sweat capricious as the pursuers chase pursued to stop offensive the potential of the Black death epidemic. <br /> <br /> Where movies it highlights the unknown is to Kazan insights to cut back and forth between the main characters, without changing the flow and mood of the piece, from WIDMARK public health physician with a hypodermic needle in hand, running around trying to find the bad guy so that he can do good; for themselves the bad guys, who are puzzled why there is such a large-scale hunt for them; voltage is placed to the point of discontinuity fever. At that fortunately the last thirty minutes becomes a cracking piece of cinema. With Palance excelling as a nasty villain who ironically put one in mind WIDMARK own Tommy Udo by Kiss Of Death in the three years before that. <br /> <br /> This is a creative and intelligently written story that cleverly links the rat and the offender to be carriers of the disease. Blight on society as it was. This noirish elements such as paranoia, blend well with the basic procedural thriller beings. While some memorable scenes duly caused stuffiness that Kazan has created. Although some of the early nature of psychology threatens to direct the film down some more Talky based lane, it is definitely a movie worth staying to the end. No matter the film noir, and perhaps even no matter Kazan, but, of course, highly recommended film that begs to be discovered by a new generation of movie lovers and revalued the old guard who might have missed it back the same day. 7.5 / 10
