The panic in the streets open in the high style of film noir, a kind of a dark street, then camera tilt up to the window, which was played untidy card game - the opening flourish, which, together with some of the shooting place, ahead of some of the atmosphere Wells brought ten years later evil touch. One player throws open a window; this is the appropriate action, which acts as an introduction to the events inside and literally opens its first view of the underworld. <br /> <br /> Shot in high contrast black and white, a panic in the Streets benefits from a very strong cast, as well as several excellent location shooting in New Orleans. Scenes set in places like a morgue overflowed delivery office, or on the background of peeling paint, "Frank's Place" offers a unique and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere, it is impossible to recreate in a studio. With these elements, the film shows the influence of Kazan's innovative Naked City Dassin in the two years ahead, which established the sand, almost documentary style within noir cycle. In fact, previous role in WIDMARK was even finer Dassin night, and the city, a film in which a sense of rising panic was even more common. Joe McDonald, a favorite with the director, photographed Panic in more environments on the streets. McDonald also worked on Kazan Pink and Viva Zapata!, And continued to shoot WIDMARK again three years later masterpieces Fuller Pick Up On South Street. <br /> <br /> As we have already noted, in a manner characteristic of film noir movies, work Kazan offers a contrast between the confusion, disease and immorality street with a modest, quiet home life cane. But while (for example) in the Langhe Big Heat (1953) home life of the hero destroyed elements of the vices of others alert the central character - eventually, sending him back to work with increased vigilance and revenge - Panic In The Street anxiety grows containing Reed in the limits of what is just another working "day." Despite the dangers, ultimately, he returns to the bosom of his family is justified and satisfied. The idea that social harmony was restored, at least at the moment of his professionalism and healing skills. <br /> <br /> This imbalance, of course, was created crime and disease. The two are closely linked in this film. It reminds one of the subtitle with a much rougher Cobra (1986) - "Crime is a disease Meet medicine", where a neat analogy in the context of when the one that rings too uncomfortable social reductionism. At its climax, when the black tries to escape by boat, especially video hints at how similar the rat criminal, and a threat to public health. How to (presumably infected) black prowl around cheap rooms and docks with his buddies in search of something he suspects after all, when, without knowing exactly what it is, "plague" and "Black" to resonate together in the minds of the audience adding further related associations. ironic assumption about the accident black cousin Poldi that "he brought something," correctly noted - even if, in the end, it was nothing to fix sell or steal. Black logical view that the police usually do not worry about the murder of an anonymous illegal immigrant has a ring of truth about it, and so confusion is understandable. <br /> <br /> Dr. Reed, although home and on the side of society, is the real hero of noir. Familiar genre protagonist, like a man who walks alone, forced to travel outside the law. In its way, Reid is forced to take morality into their own hands for the sake of society as a whole - is one of the aspects of the film, which is particularly relevant, given the controversial personal history of the director Kazan. Director testified before the infamous HUAC, naming suspected communists and satellites. His film reflects suspects being hauled in for questioning, and the media assault on the grounds that the most important public good justifies the means. These actions may have in common sentiments director at the time, supposed taking witch hunts of McCarthyism and the suppression of civil rights is caused in the light of the alleged communist infiltration in the entertainment industry. In these times of terrorist threats, and the government response, such questions as they appear in the film are surprisingly modern. <br /> <br /> Standout scene in the film involves a notable scene where Black interrogate the dying Poldi ~ d to the exact nature of the alleged smuggling his cousin. The cat, as Black stalk their prey across the room, in the end, preying on the sick bed convict, holding his head feverish Poldi in his hands - a bright, angry bowl. This gesture underlines the intimate nature of corruption, be it mental or physical. Apparently, the actor did many or all of his own stunts, which leads to some other, very dramatic scene, in the end, as the police and health authorities to close the villains in a marina. Half crawling, half to climb the slippery boards of the dock at the edge of the pool must be very uncomfortable experience for Palance, but this sequence that adds a huge contribution to the immediacy of it all. <br /> <br /> Sometimes less convincing elements to distract the viewer. Apparently, Dr. Reid is fighting a potential national emergency backup little government. Perhaps just as strangely, he never instills self - inviting a dramatic turn that never materializes. At the end of the film is also a potential epidemic was stopped, all contactees are located a little too neat. But these defects are more than outweighed by the other pleasures of the film, which still makes for compulsive viewing and related today.
