Knowing when is just as important as casting until the end of the film, directing and action. And it's nice to see when the director / script to get it right. Clocking in at just 82 minutes, 10 points or less to stretch the story, trying to figure out on pointless threads. He remains focused, funny, boring, and well thought out. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (Lucky Number Slevin) stars as "Him," the aging actor grasping for any role before it. We put in "his" as he goes to the supermarket in the hard-to section of the city is small (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing that he has a star in his car, Kid pressure him to talk about his absence in cinema over the past few years. He was not very forthcoming because not only was he out of it for some time, it is also on the way to the shooting location of an indie film that he could act ( "I have not decided if I'm going to take part."). The child is a relative of the director involved in the indie businesses and soon takes it to the middle of nowheresville. The trick, as he decides to test the local market. It immediately runs into a beautiful Scarlett (Paz Vega), which controls the 10 points or less sensitive. Not just amazingly beautiful, but smart as he begins to use it as their prime subject of research for his upcoming independent film roles. He learns how she finds out numbers so fast and why she knows the quirks of each member of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But it is not just used Scarlett, he helps her, so he could see deeper into her life. They travel together to get his car back from her husband of cheating, and he teaches her how to act, to get a new job, she misses, and how to dress for success, even when confronted with Target as the embodiment of the local clothing. This is probably one of the funniest moments, we get the idea of ​​it, as well, showing his complete lack of understanding of the chain of retail world shop ( "This shirt is only $ 12 bucks! How is that possible?!") The ending, as indicated in the beginning of this review, cool, but on the occasion. There is no way these two could be friends, even if they form a unique bond. They know when to say goodbye, and that each has received from the other. It is a quiet but exciting time as Scarlett clunker car sits idle outside the mansion L.A .. <br /> <br HIM /> in this large independent production and one that wastes a little time to get going. And it will not waste your time too.
