Running only seventy-two minutes, this little skips 2006 dramedy really only two characters sketch piece, but one that works very well within its limitations. Which take place almost entirely in different, non-descript places in the southern part of Los Angeles, the story itself is not significant, but as Sofia Coppola's "Lost in Translation", the film is much more about two strangers who meet unexpectedly, to find common link and go back to their lives enlightened to the landmark meeting. It also helps greatly that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega playing characters. Finally freed from the wise sages and authority figures flawless, which became his specialty big screen, Freeman, seems relatively released several self-indulgent movie star. His character is given to the low-rent grocery store in Carson, where he will be able to explore the role that he sees in the indie film. <br /> <br /> With the work for several years, he is embarrassed when he sees the DVD-drives their films in the bargain bin, but his ego is such that he did not have the nerve to look and even simulate impaired store personnel. The special charm of it is Scarlet, embittered laborer from Spain and referred to the express line, where it is unnoticed by a model of efficiency. She has an interview for the secretarial work for a construction company, but it is deeply sown uncertainty seems to have already won her chances. However, watching the Amazonian sister Penelope Cruz beautiful Vega (one of the few aspects of the redeemed James L. Brooks disgusting "Spanglish") brings a searing edge and realistic vulnerability to Scarlett. She and Freeman interaction very well throughout history, which includes not only stop at the grocery store, but also in the Target, Arby's and a sink with a full range of services. Nothing strange happens, except to show how two people understand resonates transience of random encounters. <br /> <br /> Silberling keeps a simple affair, but production also reflects the expert mastery of vivid cinematography Papamaykl (he lensed Alexander Payne's "Sideways") and infection by Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ( "City of God"). There is a quick cameo Cannavale (as Scarlett soon-to-be-ex-husband) and how they, Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as a funny bit with John Hill ( «Knocked Up»), as an ignorant driver and Parsons (the "knight" in «Garden State») as the worshipful registrar. Overstuffed 2007 DVD with extras, including the production of documentary "15 Days or Less", aimed at students of film and run a marathon 103 minutes, six extended scenes; carefree, but a shrewd three-way conversation between Silberling, Frimny and Vega in the middle of the target ; and a few fragments that specifically advertise DVD.
