I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. "The Shawshank Redemption" takes at the top of my favorite movies. But I must admit that I have often wondered about his choice of roles. So many of his titles were more budget clichés with no heart. '10 items or less for me means a return to the role of the Freeman, which really shows off his considerable acting talents. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays a nameless, previously a big time Hollywood actor who has not worked for a few years, he was offered a role in an unspecified indie picture, for which he does some research at a grocery store in a poor neighborhood of Los Angeles . Once there he was stranded layered driver, Freeman is offered a ride home photos Scarlett girl (Paz Vega), with whom he has befriended-floor. Before she could take it home, however, Scarlet has a great interview, she should get, and Freeman agrees to tag along on the trip in exchange. <br /> <br /> movie worth Scarlett and Freeman in several places, but the film is really just a character piece about the interaction between them. Freeman is the quintessence disconnect Hollywood type who has not heard about the Target, and does not know your phone number, or even what day of the week it is. He spewing wisdom of the Dalai Lama, "the whole world is just a phase," filtered through mentality, and repeatedly calls the conversation Scarlett "listening." Yet he has a way with people, the way they affect that goes beyond its glory. He is a supporter of mankind. He studies them, ask questions about them continuous, and admires their strangeness, where others just annoyed. The Scarlet, he sees a stubborn, proud loner, he was; he sees the man he used to be. <br /> <br /> Scarlett, for its part, shows a rigid honor and a sharp tongue, which serve to hide their own insecurities about themselves. Vega plays the role of connecting to Freeman, skates the line between love and almost a subsidiary of physical attraction, although it plays it's beautiful, and it's not as bad as it sounds. But even if she feels that her relationship with Freeman rise, Scarlet has a sharp eye for the reality of their different worlds and cuts through Hollywood Freeman bull * hit with a sharp pragmatism, who refuses to accept anything but the truth. <br /> <br /> the film smart, funny, and well-written, with dialogue that is simple but effective. I read one review of IMDb, who said that the lines were "unnatural", which I think is the wrong interpretation of realistic human speech. There are no big monologue here, there are no deep introspection moments. So the trick, I think, to show how people in ordinary, everyday life can forge bonds with each other. And I think that Freeman and Vega pull it beautifully, drawing a picture of the relationship between two people, that shines like the sun on the ocean, ethereal and elusive. Long after he had gone live in your memory, tormenting you with what might have been. Well, that was a bit flowery, but I really did like the shows and movies. I would definitely recommend it.
