Debut television special Barbra Streisand is another pinnacle moment in entertainment history - in any media. Was able to be divided into three separate acts (to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks), Streisand made a bold-but-masterful decision to abandon the typical pop format time (so no guest stars, no forced banter) and carry all shows on one shoulder. A risky move paid off in spades, as its name Barbra set a new standard for the musical programming on television. <br /> <br /> The film was shot in glorious black and white (which actually adds to the effectiveness of the show), my name is Barbra is impeccably designed and well shot. However, what makes the show really is a very transcendental Streisand. Watching the then 23-year-old singer navigate themselves through the 55 minutes performance of the show is not less than sharp. It is in a fantastic golosome (and even performs all of the first and third acts of the living), and provides the first evidence of an enormous star power that will soon follow it to the big screen. <br /> <br /> the biggest asset it is special insolence, allowing Streisand just stand on stage and sing some great songs. After a powerful opening speech "a lot more" (with a brief introductory snippets of Leonard Bernstein's «My Name Is Barbara"), Barbra continues to roam the studio set of multi-level performer rabid version of the classic Disney "I'm at the end." In between verses, "I'm late," Streisand stops at different levels set to sing some wonderful rooms, such as the haunting «Make Believe» and crashing "How does wine taste?" Halfway through Act I, Barbra re-enters her own childhood to strain "a child again," and then provides high-performance, "I 'em Five» and «Sweet Zoo» while romping among the over-sized set. The illusion is ultimately destroyed, but, like Streisand finds himself out of fantasy and back to the real world. Then she sings about lost innocence of childhood in perfect "Where is the miracle?" Streisand then pops out to the stage platform, surrounded by a whole room full of musicians and performs incendiary performance of "People" to thunderous applause live studio audience. <br /> <br /> Act II of the special begins with Streisand hamming it for the studio audience with a smug performance of "I've got the blues" before delivering a comedy monologue about the "Pearl of Istanbul." Streisand then goes to a department store Bergdorf Goodman, that allows her to sing a medley of songs of poverty and parading around in some elegant fashion store. This segment is the highlight of a special for many fans and critics. Some of the high points of the law medley II includes Streisand singing restrained version of «Second Hand Rose» to the audience, both as Latin bullfighter to the tune of "Nobody knows when you're evil," and drawing frustrated newspaperman, and robbery to «Brother, Can You Spare a Dime. "The third act is a special direct concert without installed parts or concepts. Streisand performer who really thrives on the stage of the concert, and this segment is the most exciting moment special. Streisand comes belting out nearly gravity-defying performance "When the sun comes out," and continues to amaze the audience with an excellent version of the year-old ballad "Why did I choose you," scorching performance of «Lover Come Back to Me" and hot medley of three songs form a funny girl. Streisand is really ahead of themselves, however, with the phenomenal performance of Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday standard «My Man", which instantly became one of the favorite songs of the singer's signature. <br /> <br /> Streisand performs his immortal ballad version of «Happy Days Are Here Again», as the closing credits roll on the left side of the screen. Cult finish among confirms to the viewer that he or she did see something really special. MY NAME Barbra was a huge ratings triumph when first aired, and he eventually took five Emmy Awards, in addition to spawning two Top-Five, Gold-selling soundtrack album. Watching it all again, it is absolutely no surprise.
