Streisand supporters only familiar with her work from the movie FUNNY GIRL year should see the show, to see what a brilliant performer, Streisand WAS - before it has reached its goal of becoming a movie star. There has never been a singer quite like it ever before, and never will again (sorry, Celine - only in dreams), but would never Streisand sing dynamism, energy and, above all, passion and delicacy with which it appears here - by the time it gets to the Central park concert only 2 or 3 years later, she filmed a funny girl in Hollywood and her performing style has become less spontaneous and more restrained, more rehearsed (and, let's face it: meaner) - there is a wall between her and the audience. Live performing never been what she liked - she did it because she knew that her ticket to Hollywood, and as soon as she was no longer has to do it, she did it as little as possible (and that legendary stage fear provides such a good excuse) <br /> <br /> her vocals here and in its early Judy Garland show looks incredible :. Streisand can really make an old song sound new again, and composers such as Richard Rogers and Harold Arlen loved her for it, but in 1970 Streisand trying to become "rock" singer, her albums indulging a younger audience, with more wrought shrieking songs who were not worthy of her efforts and her voice. <br /> <br /> In the 80s, she returned with the beautiful "Broadway Album», but went on and on about what a struggle it is to get it done, "they" told her not to do so, and Mr. .d. Oh, please - if someone said Streisand, what to do? She could do good things like that, all together, bringing the audience to its level, not leaning to the fact that she thought that the young public wanted. ( "Back to Broadway" sequel was not nearly as good as Streisand seems to think it necessary to improve the work of other composers: if he was alive at that time, it would be Richard Rogers even admitted his own «Some Enchanted Evening" ?! Rodgers, known for making singers problem for the games with his melodies, of course, was after Streisand sing what he wrote it also blows Michael Crawford CD in their duet "music of the night" - apparently, reminding him only whose CD is. Why did she insist on making songs and duets to sing them ma, and songs that are not duets and sing their duet with someone who she then goes to belittle?) <br /> <br /> Jacobs Judy Garland Streisand took aside and told her, "do not let them do you what they did to me, "Streisand Council wasted no time listening - despite its assurances to the contrary, of course, it looks like it was always her way or the highway. Just imagine - it is brass CBS said her first TV special has to be done. - no guests, just HER <br /> <br /> But no one can argue with the results that are so evident here. Treat yourself to this brilliant musical phenomenon, before she was a legend - you will be absolutely amazed the difference <br /> <br /> PS - I saw this time last night (01/12), after having seen him for many years - it was even better than I remembered! The law begins with the first "I The Late" and includes "the Make Believe" and "How to wine taste, or something" and honoring Barbra to childhood, "I'm Five" - ​​a culmination, like Streisand seems full (and I mean FULL ) orchestra sing "Man" - it does not get bored with the song even though it is somewhat shorter, color rendition is really taking off - compare him with some of it later on "autopilot" version of the second act (after the "kooky" ostr`ot-. Streisand patter, which has not changed much over the years) famous series of songs in the midst of the Depression extras . Gantnasts <br /> <br /> Bergdorf-Gudmana Third Law is a stunner - call it "Streisand, the orchestra and the audience" (though we never see the audience, who allegedly witnessed this historic event) With its fear. audience and dislike of the performance, it can be the toughest part for her, but if it is, to its credit it does not show. She tears through the «Lover Come Back to me» and torchy «when the sun comes out" (although I do not remember what order!), Acute "Why did I choose you? (One of my favorite Streisand performances) and offers a potpourri of funny girl songs, including (of course) "do not rain on my Parade" and my favorite song from the score, "music that makes me dance." Explaining that " Fanny Brice sang a song as in 1922, and he made her the toast of Broadway, "Streisand then singing" My Man ", and it is almost a dress rehearsal template for subsequent performance of the screen in the movie FUNNY GIRL (the main difference is that black dress here sleeveless - dress her film had long sleeves on the black background of all that we saw were her hands and face), but the vocals are more urgent and charged, than her next film vocal (her performance of the song is all for. do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice, who, of course, never sang the song in such a total IU nner, like Streisand doing here or in the film - see BIG ZIEGFIELD for a glimpse of a more understated version of Brice in) Show ends Streisand singing «Happy Days are here Again» for loans <br /> <br /> .. when it was over, I said to one I watched him, "she would never, ever do anything better!» <br /> <br /> And she was twenty-three years!
