Barbra Streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity, and probably raised more than a few industry eyebrows when CBS signed her to a 10-year, $ 5 million television deal (nothing these days). But more important than that Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control - and got it. It is a special shoot your way, and most of her vision was by turns clever, cunning, and incredible. Opening Act I with the name of the song (not written specially for her), Streisand races through the cool storage of songs related to "I'm The Late" (from "Alice in Wonderland" - it even saves in the line of doubtful ears and whiskers and "too much time to shave! "); it is quite charming when it is not surprising choice - and enjoy it, because it does not make two soundtrack albums released. It slows to «Make Believe» (which gets perhaps too slowly), but the drama "What wine taste?" It is strange. "Child Again" cute (with Streisand looking tiny in the huge chair - this is where Lily Tomlin got the idea?), As "Sweet Zoo then" ( "I'm an alligator - Alligator ?? - no, alligator!"). "Where is the miracle" is very cool and elegant, and its "People" room, surrounded by the orchestra, which is devoted to it at the end of the song, staggering. Act II is set in New York Bergdof Goodman, with Streisand acting kooky in high fashion get-ups (if she playfully stomping on the hole, the audience watching the tape actually chokes). Act III, in front of a studio audience (consisting of the lucky fan club dedicated), begins with a powerful version of "When the sun comes out" (Streisand actually looks choked to dramatic close), and then, "Why did I choose you? "(Probably her best song in the beginning), too-quick« Lover, Come Back To Me »(where she eventually drowned in the orchestra), and mash" funny Girl ". The finale," Happy days are here again " which took 12 takes, it closes an hour in a strange manner reported. Chemstrand Sponsor (fiber-making company!) This is a black-and-white gem is moving quickly, with jazz set-ups, stunning cinematography, kicky sets and costumes. They do not make them like it more - and this applies to special and La Streisand.
