I could not help but feel that it could be more movies than it was. The script is very clever, and it just seemed like it could be opened so more like seven. Do not change the story - I think it is mainly through the cinema. Film was the only one that I found to be holding back the film. On the other hand, the stimulation was absolutely on point. Anyone who has worked really done its work on the editing well. And I thought, Bill Paxton did a great job of directing. Now on the technical things ... <br /> <br /> This film threw me for a loop. Spoiler GO !!!! All along, I really felt that Paxton had gone mad, and then, when Adam finally took the FBI agent in the Rose Garden to show him where the bodies were buried, and showed who he was, I was thrown for a loop. I suspect that the first part of the twist, but what really threw me when it comes to the agent and sees the agent to kill his mother and the fact that the agent also (without a word spoken, just the touch) to see it again to Adam and asked him, he knew. May dilemma is not that it was yet another twist thrown in but almost subtle thought that this man and his father was not crazy, but actually chose so to say "the bad guys", knowing their sins and crimes already . I do not support an eye for an eye, so I did not leave the film in the state believe that they are doing God's work. Instead, I decided to believe that they were both clairvoyant and that his father went to the deep end of a day of it and after that he had put his sons, harassed them constantly too. That was my interpretation, but a shame that the movie was it like a house of cards, and an endless circle and the fact that the correct interpretation of alarm events you sat. This is definitely one of those movies where I would like to be able to meet the writer, so I could just ask him what was the real meaning of all this. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they simply telepathic and have a license for this? Or do they have some appearance of God? And, if so, whether it was God or the devil disguising himself as God. My friends and I were talking about it all night, trying to figure out what's what and what the filmmakers thought was the answer when they made this movie. <br /> <br /> Definitely confused and thought provoking film with some very disturbing, but certainly not sensational elements to it. This is not a perfect film, but it certainly is his own business. Most directorial work and actions of Bill Paxton and child playing Fenton was very good. I hope he does not end up relegated to the syndrome child actor, he seems to have a lot of promise. I gave this film a good voice for most of the components that make the film, but I would vote higher if it were not for the feeling that something (although I can not pinpoint what) has been turned off, and if he had not been, the film I would go to a higher level. Nevertheless, some recommend, especially for those who are curious.
