Fragility is not a gory horror film, which reaches a fever, following the logic, and the impact of human delirium / obsession right in the debauchery. Pope (we never learn his name) is a gentle person, and a loving father who raised his son alone after my mother died during childbirth youngest son Adam. The world of the family is turned upside the head late in the evening, when the pope rushes in the boys' room and tells them that God gave him a vision. And what is the vision ?? Work the whole family is to destroy the demon, which, of course, are disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> On this basis, the film is adamant in following it. Dad kidnaps people / demons that God told him to kill, connects them, puts his hand on them, and see the vision of their evil, and then kills them ?? making it look young sons. Fenton, the older boy, horrified, seeing only the father, who has become a crazed killer. Adam, Jr., uncomfortable, but hopes that the Pope after the will of God. In the end, my father takes his sons on a mission to steal the "demons" that God has placed in my father's, and, finally, invites them to participate fully in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> It's not you understand, abusive father. He loves his children. He's just following God's instructions: "This is our job now, son, we have to do it." If Fenton, embarrassed and convinced his father was mad, says that he will report it to the police, his father explains, "If you do this, my son, I will die. The angel was clear on that point. "The pressure, children are intolerable and tragic, and deforms all his life (1) The structure of the film is similar to that used in the suspects :. The story in retrospect, reported at the police station at the FBI agent. Depressing lighting, stormy weather, and a terrible calm now add to the threat of prehistory. I wanted to believe that the deployment of the horror was just a story, until I remembered the real life parallel to Andrea Yates, who believed that she was possessed by Satan and can save their child, drowning them. Even then, I would like to believe that I was watching a human tragedy, not a story of divine retribution. <br /> <br /> The film does not give me such a comfort, though, as he gave strong proof of the end of the veracity of the pope. And this, as well as some plot holes, is a problem for me. Regardless of the accuracy of the vision the Pope, regardless of the evil that his victim may have committed when someone receive authority to act as an angel of death? (1) Roger Ebert review 12/04/02
