A number of Richard Attenborough's film as a director was the biography of a major historical figures- «Young Winston», «Gandhi," "Chaplin." "Gray Owl" also filmed biography of a historical figure, but in this case the subject Attenborough is much more obscure character. <br /> <br /> Great Gray Owl was a Canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s, who promoted the idea of ​​environmentalism and nature conservation at a time when these factors were less fashionable than it is today. It was widely believed that the Indian; the story he told about himself, that he was born in Mexico Apache Scottish father and mother, and emigrated to Canada, where he was accepted as a member of the tribe ozhibve. He lived in a small house on the lake in a remote part of the Canadian wilderness, where he earned a living as a trapper. He visited Britain twice, in 1935 and 1937, to promote his books and lectures on conservationism, and achieved great success, even being introduced in the royal family. (During one of these stages Attenborough and then teenager gray owl I saw in London Palladium theater). After his death in 1938, however, it became clear that he was not who he claimed to be; his real name Archibald Belaney, and he was born in the English seaside town of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The film departs somewhat from the facts of the life of Gray Owl. In the scene, set in 1934, he claims that he 41 years old; in fact, he was born in 1888, so it would be 46 this year. (46 to the age of Pierce Brosnan, when the film was made, so I do not know why this change was made). Many events are compressed for the last four years of life, Gray Owl (1934-1938). In the film, it is in this period that he meets and marries Gertrude Bernard, whom he called Anahareo; in fact, he met and married Gertrude in 1925 film also omits the fact that they were divorced in 1936, and that great gray owl married a second time shortly before his death. <br /> <br /> the discovery of the true identity of Gray Owl adversely affected his posthumous reputation, and he was dismissed as "fraud". His alleged deception even used to discredit the reasons that he has performed. Richard Attenborough, however, takes a more sympathetic look at his achievements. One of the themes explored by the film is the issue of ethnic identity. While the former Archibald Belaney were not Canadian of Indian origin, there is no doubt that he had a deep knowledge ozhibva culture and knowledge, and that he spoke their language. It was adopted as the Ojibway tribe member. Therefore, it is unfair to describe their claims to native North American identity as a fraudulent one, just because it was the person he has chosen, not the one he was born into. <br /> <br /> According to the film, his wife Gertrude Gray Owl himself of Indian origin, but came from a family that has been assimilated into white Canadian culture. Therefore, her marriage may be regarded as its initial restoration of the cultural heritage of his family. She was obviously under the influence of her husband, but she also had an impact on him, to persuade him to give up his work as a hunter's fur as she had moral objections to killing animals for their fur. <br /> <br /> One criticism of the movie that Pierce Brosnan "miscast" as a hero, criticism, which seems to have its roots in prejudice that Brosnan can only play action heroes in the form of James Bond. It seems to me, however, that Brosnan is deliberately accepted this role in order to avoid the facial features, silent provincial Great Gray Owl to be so far from courtesy, complex agent Bond as you can get. The original Bond, Sean Connery, too, seems to have deliberately chosen the contrasting roles when he appeared in films such as «The Hill» or "Molly Maguires". Brosnan is actually very good in this role, although I disagree with those who found Annie Galipeau weak as Gertrude. <br /> <br /> Another frequently voiced criticism with which I do not agree that the film is "boring". Of course, this is not an action movie, like bonds, and it's no big epic biopic like "Gandhi", and it may indeed seem sad for those who expect it to be either one or the other. It is, however, likely to please anyone with an interest in the early days of the movement, or the Clean the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity. Scenes of Canadian forests and beautifully photographed. Richard Attenborough has done us a favor by helping to revive interest in the half-forgotten but fascinating figure. 7/10
