Enterprise, the last high budget spin-off to the most successful franchise in film and television, or history opens to the tune of 90-minute episode titled «Broken Bow». First, we headed to the massive action sequences with Klingon being chased by a Suliban (which are the main enemy for the first season of the show). From there on the television film takes us on a path that rarely gets as good as it is, with some of the best character development, plot and action / visual effects ever seen in such a short period of time. <br /> <br /> open loans are controversial subject among a minority of corporate supporters, which some consider that the song is inappropriate. What they do not realize that the texts themselves. If one listens to the actual song, not a theme, they will start the pieces of the puzzle together. And in the end, as the series progresses further and further, and we learn more about our valiant captain and his crew will be the song really become significant. The theme of the whole Diane Warren sings beautifully arranged and just as good opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes any TV show watchable and worth watching again and again the characters and how they are structured and layered. Enterprises (in my opinion) one of the most well-cast the show with the next generation. Scott choice side as Captain Jonathan Archer was the best solution, as he threw Gene Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. As the captain always leads the show, Bakula adds elegance to his role and brings a huge smile on the faces of those with blood pumping through their veins. He simply (as an actor-wise and character-wise) a fine man, and his charm, intelligence and compassion overwhelmed look. As for the other actors, my favorite, John Billingsley, who plays Dr. Phlox. In addition, it is nice to see, is not a man to play a role and the decision to give the captain a dog called "Porthos" was well received idea. During the development of the character of the show he was brilliant, he was fast, timely and almost perfect. I say almost, because, unfortunately, the character Travis Mayweather plays Briton Anthony Montgomery is rather weak at the end of the first season. He has some things to say here and there, but it remains in the hands of the producers, to make it more important. Blalock beautiful, sometimes harsh, but equally attractive Subcommander TPol. Dominic Keating as Lt. Malcolm Reed plays an important role and is convincing as a weapons officer. Connor Trinneer playing Commander Charles "Trip» Tucker, who always adds charm and comedic style of his character, and finally Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weak character, but fortunately, it quickly becomes interesting. All these characters make up the company, and all bring quality, Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Each person makes the show worth watching. A smile and a sense of well-being right is guaranteed from the first time we see them all together on the bridge of the starship Enterprise NX-01. <br /> <br /> The very ship, the NX-01 is somewhat questionable in design Series in 150 years and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So why then the ship appears to be similar in design to the mid-24th century, ships, namely class starship Akira? Continuity has been a problem in the Enterprise, but fortunately, Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] offers a suitable explanation for each of them. Continuity is only a problem if you are ever looking at the show and are obsessed with the smallest details. If you see the show and with an open mind, then you will not have any problems, but there is a desire to know "why" all the time. So what Berman and Braga offer a Star Trek fan base with the issue of the ship deigned himself? According to them, the NX-01, as it comes from an incident in the first contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw Enterprise-E through his telescope and talk with the local team under the leadership of Commander Riker, he changed his ideas in his head. This is a fairly good explanation me.lets move on. Of course, it is not so easy for some fans to accept this kind of response, some go so far as to refuse to see the show, until they get a reasonable response. Come on, guys grow up.When George Lucas ruined Star Wars saga with the launch of their profits makes the new trilogy, fans could not do anything but watch and juice it all anyway. And then they found out that, well, maybe it's not so bad. If you can not make a quality show for what it is, and not something that should be in your mind, then go elsewhere. Or try to become a producer on the show, and then let's see what you can do. <br /> <br /> A lot of the company remind me very much of the Defiant from Deep Space Nine. They often are cold and have a terrible image of a modern structure to them, and they cry out that they belong to the military. Perhaps that's why the crew of USS Enterprise (aka the US Navy's flagship), as it is so much. They hit sets and show are excellent. <br /> <br /> Rick Berman, "the master of the empire," as John Logan so accurately put him and his colleague Brannon Braga hit the nail on the head exactly where they should be, and in all the right places. No matter what will be the subtleties, visual effects, sound, editing, or account. The company is an excellent demonstration of how good science fiction television program can be, eventually, when in the hands of geniuses. The late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series, and as a Star Trek fan, so you need to.
