The tourist season has just ended on a remote island off the coast of Scotland, winter begins to set in and the residents, both humans and sheep, so settle down much more peaceful times ahead. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick), a former paratrooper in the British Army, a local dentist, he is not the Islanders by birth and as such his relationship with a local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) always treated with some suspicion, entirely in bad faith, but only the protective instincts of a tight-knit community has for their relatives. Island of tranquility is broken when Gaffikin for a single golf finds the headless remains of brutally murdered woman. He immediately reported his discovery to the terrible INSp Inskip (Maurice Roivs) at the police station Island, Inskip organizes the delivery of the remains of the local GP, Dr Goudry, for closer inspection. A quick search for the murderer turns out to be fruitless, as it makes the search for a missing local woman. Over dinner that evening with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realizes that the dead woman might be Sheila Anderson, a woman from the mainland, who lives on the island during the winter months. Quick search in her house Dove Cottages shows no remnants of her body, her house is the scene of the murder, but why the killer drag her torso a mile into the woods? Suspicion immediately falls on one unknown left on the island, one Colonel Howard (Jonathan Newt), which also happened to be the last person to see her alive as they came together on the last ferry. <br /> <br /> Goudry Gaffikin asks for a dental examination on the victim's body, she reveals that she has broken my someone or something with great force, one set of teeth marks on the body, it seems to indicate a person killer, still indicates that an unknown animal of some kind. Sheep found mutilated and then killed by the accused Canadian ornithologist. With a thick fog rolling island cut off from the mainland and any assistance possible, the radio also did not work, apparently blocked and telephone lines have been cut. Reports of UFO sighting and disguised soldiers deteriorating host odd-looking ships, hidden behind the rocks on the beach. Inskip confused and refuses to listen to anything other than the facts and laughs Gaffikin idea that foreigners might be involved, but the increase in the levels of radioactivity on the island, it means doubting himself. <br /> <br /> Nightmare Man is based on the novel, child Vodyanoi David Wiltshire, he immediately adapted by Doctor Who and Blake's 7 screenwriter Robert Holmes and directed by Douglas Camfield who also had a directorial experience on both the classics Sci / Fi and benefits from the presence of the film genre of experienced professionals on board. People nightmare, although by and large, better concisely worked piece that builds his story with strong character development, up to the secondary characters, given time to give them all a solid background. Installation of the island is perhaps a cliché genre that has been used over and over again, but the one that I like very much, the distance, the feeling of being under siege, without departing always adds to the atmosphere and are given additional liveliness, with impenetrable fog close to complicate efforts. Largely genre effort of this kind is easy to parse to get a stupid story and turn to melodrama, but Camfield credit, he keeps it all together with focus being on the plausibility at all times. There Credibility of the process, the characters even speak Gaelic time to reach this point. If there is one negative about his killer, that is given to us his / her / its POV for the murder, an acceptable cliche in itself, but if you look through a red filter and a fisheye lens, it just screams unnecessary and only a few dates the film. However, even though you'll be hard pressed to guess the outcome, or face, or on the issue presented kinds of killer given the keys, but it's fun and very well acted piece. Local Scottish alloy are exceptional, and local Bobby Roeves Cosmo particularly well spar from each other and represent a joy to contemplate. Imrie, never one I took in other works, is also pretty good and shows cuts feminine body, as if she was in the production of Hammer. Amazing, maybe even absurd ending may irritate some viewers, it disappointed me in some ways, but, taking into account, when it was done, it is understandable and acceptable to add that if you think about it, it's even worse.
