Shirley even longtime fans may be wondering, "Now and forever." The film was produced with Paramount Studios ?? not with Shirley parent company Twentieth Century Fox ?? in 1934, before Fox producer Darryl F. Zanuck perfected a successful formula Shirley (nice songs, cold heart for it to melt, the young couple for her to play Cupid, a happy ending). Thus, the "Now and Forever" falls into the category of the vehicle without the standard Shirley Shirley stories. This is an embarrassing situation for any movie, but it's impressive, talented cast makes it work. <br /> <br /> Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard stars as gay, irresponsible rascals Jerry and Tony Day. The only thing that is devoted to this dysfunctional duo still seem to hate more than to be together, to be different from each other. If they suddenly landed with the storage of a young daughter Penny Jerry (Shirley Temple), is Toni ?? and Penny, as many think ?? who convinces Jerry to give up his criminal career. But Jerry flounder on her desk job and is desperate to prove that he can provide for his new family, he soon returned to the theft and dishonesty. The standard device Shirley Penny tries to set fire to the heart of the crust miser Felix Evans, the victim of one of the prisoners, Jerry, but her attempt failed, as Evans showed that the fraudster himself, and he blackmails Jerry to help him steal gems. Drama, gunfire, death and grief that follow all make this film is very unusual for Little Miss Sunshine. There's no happy ending, no dancing, and only one song sequence (cute "world owes me Alive" number). <br /> <br /> But this does not mean that the Shirley fans should avoid the "Now and forever." Most likely, this is a deviation from the usual Shirley story to make it more interesting and memorable than many of her other films. But be careful: you should avoid the painted version of this film, and to see it in black and white, if you can. Color bright, catchy, and unrealistic, and in many scenes, the famous hair Shirley actually red instead of blonde. Yikes!
