There's no more to do a disservice to history than to distort it. It takes the easiest and smallest route, simply by painting him as a monster. Only showing their negative aspects and exaggerate them. "Those who do not know about the past dooms us to repeat." He was a man. It may be difficult to some people to accept, but an important part of life is faced with the fact that we do not want. Rather than demonize a person, we should try to understand it. Otherwise, we have little chance of preventing any similar in the future, or perhaps even a real, on the success of anything remotely comparable to the amount of damages and how suffering is. I hate him, and that he did not turn it into something mythical, intentionally or otherwise. Frankly, too much of this mini-series can play "dumb dumb * duuum *!» After or during scenes. The whole point nods, nudges and winks at the audience with a clear message of "this guy is evil, or that", including every bad trait (as well as to a few that go directly against anyone and that he was), allowing them more or less out of nowhere, and with them to be constant throughout his life, and not what he came to believe, or claimed. It should never be used to learning. Use Der Untergang (Downfall, in English), and may point to a few inaccuracies that instead. It is disrespectful to real events that took place, and any and all survivors, not to mention those who have died. Cinematic quality? Best. It is well done, right through the production of excellent performance, hard arc well-told story, which is characteristic is a strong and worthy of trust, dialogue and script are large, powerful performance with all applicable (Carlyle looks and behaves role ... it was written .. . excellent), slim music, cinematography and editing are impeccable and creative, and it's certainly dramatic, entertaining and riveting. They get a lot of dates and occurrences, and do them justice. If I was offered to work at it and do not feel that I could be enough to make Hitler look like a completely carnal aspect of man goal, I would have refused, citing that as the reason. I do not blame anyone for hating him. How could you forgive what he had done, and we are confident that we have? This is not what I am proposing. Finally, let me say that, as I write this, we are in the global economic crisis, which lasted about two years, and it's not very different from the stock market crash in 1929 for two reasons: he hasn »t led to the depression of the new millennium next way: the government give money to banks to keep the market going, and most countries are now friendly towards each other. In addition, the lesson has not been studied. Hopefully, he has at the moment. Back to that ... my suggestion? Read a book, nonfiction, dealing with the subject. There are many informative, intelligent. The DVD has a trailer. I recommend it only to those who know better, and strongly urge all those who watched it, to seek the truth. 8/10
