The next to the last episode aired from the original Star Trek series is interesting, sometimes melancholy fee, which proves that the show is still studying their characters even at this point in the third season; although shortcomings "All our Yesterdays» has its moments and general capricious, making feel to it. Kirk, Spock and McCoy beam down to the planet, believing that they arrive in the nick of time to save, or at least give a warning, regardless of the population there, as the sun of the planet due to explode within a few hours. But, as it turns out, there are people only too well aware of the fate of the planet, and with the help of a kind travel device time, escaped into the past. Each person can choose the time and place in the past, where he or she would like to live in the "Library" run by an elderly man named Mr. Atoz. Atoz involves three men seek the past in order to live as well, and shows them the different periods, from which they can choose the audience. There is some confusion, and forced at the beginning of the episode, with lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy- Where did they go? Atoz- Wherever they want. <br /> <br /> A misunderstanding can be cleared up quite easily, but for the purposes of the story, it is not so, and soon Kirk finds himself transferred to a period reminiscent of the 18th century in England, while Spock and McCoy go during the ice age, 5000 years into the past of the planet. Hence, the emphasis is on Spock and his relationship with a woman, who was exiled at that time tyrant as punishment. Spock begins to work more emotional, pointing angry at McCoy and deep attachment to Zarabeth, woman. In the end, he realizes that he is going back to the primitive emotional state of their ancestors on the volcano, 5,000 years ago. Kirk makes his way back to the library first, and, finally, convinces Mr. Atoz they do not belong to the history of the planet. Spock and McCoy return just before it is too late, leaving behind Zarabeth; The company bundles of three and speed away as the sun explodes, destroying the planet. Interaction between Spock and Zarabeth provides the most memorable moments of this episode, but the adventure of Kirk in the "English" past fun. All in all, a very decent last day of Star Trek outing.
