The penultimate episode of the third season of Star Trek is excellent and the highlight so slander final season. In fact, Spock, McCoy and Kirk beam down Sarpeidon find the world's population is completely absent the presence of a giant library and Mr. Atoz, librarian, except. All 3 Trek characters soon accidentally walk into a time machine, travel to different periods in the past Sarpeidon. Spock gives a convincing performance as the Ice Age volcano, which falls within Zarabeth while Kirk reprises his unhappy experience in time travel - see "The City on the Edge of Forever" - if he is accused of witchcraft and imprisoned to escape and find a doorway in time to present to Sarpeidon. In the end, all the characters Trek 3 minutes stored before Beta niobium star around Sarpeidon goes supernova. Enterprise warps toward the same way as a star explodes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, as William Shatner says in his book «Star Trek Memories», this show has been a source of some controversy, as Leonard Nimoy noted that none of the reasons given was not in the script Lisette of the reason why Spock behaves in such an emotional way. Nimoy conveyed their concerns are directly executive producer of the show, Fred Freiberger, Vulcans were not supposed to fall in love. (P.272) However, Freiberger pondering setting glaciation allowed Spkam feel emotions, as this was the time when the Vulcans have not yet turned in their current state of quite logical. It was a beautiful example of improvisation on the part of the Freiberger, to save the script, which was significantly above average for this particular episode. While Shatner noted that the decline in the quality scenario for the third season hurt Spock art, as his character was forced to bray like a donkey in "Stepchildren of Plato," to play music with Hippie in "The Way to Eden" or sometimes show emotions scenario there was more believable. Spock's action here was very rich as the Freiberger candidly admitted Shatner. (P.272) The only obvious plot hole is a fact that as long as Spki Makka and traveled thousands of years back in time, Mack also has returned to a more primitive state of man, and not just Spock. But that's forgivable mistake, given the poor quality of many other season 3 shows brilliant performance Spock / McCoy and the originality of the script. Who could have imagined that today's residents would Sarpeidon avoid the fate of their doomed planet by traveling in the past? This, of course, that we have come to expect from the best "classic Trek» - really inspirational story. <br /> <br /> Shatner in "Memoirs", called some of his best "unusual and high quality of the show" in season 3 as The Enterprise Incident, Day Dove, Do the truth is not beauty, Tholian Web and children should conduct and syndrome paradise. (P.273) Although my personal opinion is that "The children must conduct" a very bad episode while "Do you have the truth is not beauty" problematic, "All Our Yesterdays", definitely belongs in the top list of the season three stars trek TOS movies. I give 9 out of 10 for "All our Yesterdays.
