An unusual look at a journey through time: instead of traveling to Earth past, the main trio are stuck in the past history of another planet. They beam down to the planet, whose Sun is scheduled to go supernova in 3 or 4 hours (which cuts it close!). In a futuristic library, they meet Mr. Atoz (from A to Z, get it? Ha ha) and its duplicates. It appears, instead, to avoid the destruction of their planet by means of space travel, the usual way, the residents all escaped in different epochs of time their planet. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on their way after they make a selection (check the drives that we see here, the other forecasting Trek CD and DVD-ROM!). If Mr. Atoz prepares the computer (Atavachron-the-system), gallant Kirk hears the cry of women and work in the version of the world of 17th century Earth, where he gets into a fight with swords and arrested for witchcraft. There's also an eccentric, but good performance is the actress playing the female bad reputation at that time, using the time phrasing ( "... you bully lovely coo .. Witch! Witch! They will burn Ye ...!"). Spock and McCoy to adhere to Kirk, but ultimately in the Ice Age, 5000 years ago. <br /> <br /> Kirk was able to return to the first library. The real story here is the return Spock to barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, warlike Vulcan 5,000 years ago. This makes no sense, except, maybe, this time the machine is responsible for the change (even so, Spock and McCoy were not "prepared" for Atoz - oh, well, this is it seems to me, Spock suffered from the transition almost immediately - he mentions from time to "millions of light years away, instead of the correct hundreds of thousands -. blunder for the logical Vulcan) In any case, Spock really shows its ugly side here - forget the" Day Dove »and remember," this side of paradise "- McCoy soon learns that his Vulcan friend will not stand for any of its usual bullying and almost s getting his face rearranged. Spock also gets him Zarabeth, pretty women who were exiled to the cold past as a penalty (pair Trek novels have been written about his son Spock, the result of this union). All of these eye stage opener, reminder how Spock hides or keeps it as ironic that, only a few episodes earlier ( "Requiem for Methuselah") Spock, McCoy pointing to how he will never know the pain of love -. and now all this is happening. Kirk, meanwhile, to fight an old Atoz, who argues that Kirk's head so at some past era ( "You obviously suicidal maniac" - an excellent material from the actor Wolf, last seen in "Bread and circuses"). This all works in the end, but as I mentioned earlier, they cut it very close. A neat little way of adventure with a certain space bias.
