Steven Spielberg production, wrote, came up with the idea for and even directed episodes of Amazing Stories, so naturally, it would have to be the biggest anthology is always right? Unfortunately, not. Some episodes are fantastic, but too often it was ambiguous. In fact, it may be this fall it was too ambiguous. Some episodes were light comedies, some dramas were, some were horror, and one even had a lively, which made it seem, but not as good 80s version of Twilight Zone (which was also around). <br /> <br /> I used to love it when a mixture of stories in the anthology show, but they just do not fully work here. Some of the more bizarre episodes of dramatic thought that they will be better shown later in the Lifetime network at night, as an episode of «Ghost Train», which was directed by Spielberg himself. In this episode, he gave a message of hope, and gave us the history of fantasy, but overall it was just a build up to the finale, entirely undermine me in any way. Scenes of horror, tend to work better than the drama, but were much more dramatic, and they grow tedious to watch. Acting wise, this anthology has some big stars, similar to the original Dark zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom DeLuise, Harvey Keitel, For Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny DeVito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker, Weird Al Jankovic and many other well knowns were in episodes of the show. It is interesting to see the well-known actors in almost every episode of the series. also took part in the episodes, including myself Spielberg, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny DeVito, and even Martin Scorsese's big directors. I would actually recommend this more supporters of Directors and / or 80 years than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Amazing stories are sometimes surprising, usually good, sometimes mediocre, and every once in a while a real stinker came. But this show is a nostalgic value for me, and a kind of satisfaction to sit on a boring afternoon and watch some of the episodes. John Williams' theme music is sure to be caught for a show in someone's head, who looks after it as well <br /> <br /> My rating :. Good show. 30 min. per episode. TVPG
