Frankly, I expected HATE one thing, but actually just checked this because Jenna Jameson in it ... but I have to say that I enjoyed the EVIL BREED. A group of college kids and their teachers go on "tour" in Ireland. Their cottages are located next to the forest, where it is rumored that strange things happen, and tourists often disappear without a trace. Group post-adolescent warned the hotel caretaker not to go into the woods - but being silly B-movie characters that they - of course, they do not pay attention and pay for their errors, one by one ... First of all, there are a lot of bad EVIL BREED . Acting / dialogue rather weak, and my main gripe is that the film, which has a Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn, and Taylor Hayes should have a much more gratuitous nudity than it was on display here - and the role of Jenna in this production it is highly over-inflated, since it has a combined total of about 2 minutes screen time. Even fewer of Chasey, and Ginger Lynn does not show the skin and has the worst Irish accent ever. In addition, the last scene of the movie makes absolutely no sense, and feels like he gave up just to finish the film. These gripes aside - there are some good things as well. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are both sent at an early stage, bare-chested Greico end up on the spit roast and Chasey guts hanging with torn in half (although, as it ends up this way is not displayed on the screen) ... not bad at during the first 5 minutes. Others kill scenes quite inventive, including the forced removal of the breast implant Jenna, the guy gets his colon pulled out through his ass knife across the face, and a few other well-known figures. The implant and colon scene as the director's version, which are on the special features, and it's a shame, manufacturers have made them grind them, so to speak. In addition, the film moves at a pretty good clip when it is in motion, so that you are actually not too much time to be bored. "Being» FX also done correctly, that certainly helps. In general, EVIL BREED was not as bad as I expected. This one, along with Satan's Little Helper almost restored my interest in American low-budget straight to video movies. I usually stay away from them altogether, but the two were decent enough to give me faith. EVIL breed is not a masterpiece, but it's a decent way to blow 90 minutes - it can not hurt to suck a bottle of cheap bourbon, while you're at it - I know I was, and I'm sure it did not hurt the experience. 7.5 / 10
