Director Hong Kong, crossing to Hollywood to make movies is nothing new, with a temporary outflow of such Tsui Hark, John Woo, Ringo Lam in 90 years. Of these, the collective output of only a few films (or I can say only one?) Has had an impact at the box office. Partnership Andrew Lau and Alan Mak was a tour de force in the recent HK cinema history, especially of these now famous trilogy Infernal Affairs, which was remade in Martin Scorsese's The Departed, so it is not surprising if Hollywood comes knocking at the door. <, Br /> <br /> But without fellow employees Mak, which usually has a script / story responsibilities as well Lau rate writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like the X-Files without X, is how history is made, the characters and parallels with the series of Chris Carter. Richard Gere and Claire Danes pair alla David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, just that they do not belong to any federal investigative body, who carries a weapon, but employees Protection Service, who is the main role is to ensure that sexual predators belonging to their jurisdiction , safe and sound from the society when they are released from having served time. Thus, they are shepherds who tends to his flock, but that their flock is suffering from a disease of sexual perversion with a predisposition to violence. <br /> <br /> parallels in characteristic so it is clear that this is just a cosmetic touch up on the outside. Like Fox Mulder, Giro Errol Babbage strange, lonely man, consumed by his obsession in his quest to stubbornly pursue his flock tote line. Agonizing an unsuccessful attempt to save the missing child, as well as how Mulder pine for his missing sister, Babbage avoid colleagues and taking orders, disguised as a retirement plan. He is disgusting to the people, he monitored, sick of their crimes, and that they are, that he has no doubt about the use of unconventional methods, going to fly off the handle while Dishing illegal, warning punishment. At the same time, it also has a strong urge that he should fight in order not to cross the line into becoming like those whom he despises. Within the subroutine, it also scans newspapers and tabloids keys and leads to its purpose, that in an effort to close the salvation for themselves, and having a firm belief that the truth is still there, and he wants to believe. <, Br /> <br /> Danes Allison Lowry, on the other hand, it has brought ingenue replace Babbage. But at the same time learning the ropes on the job for the next 18 days, it is obliged to follow him, and tell his antics, is very similar to what Dana Scully was tasked to make Mulder. As an unbeliever prior emptiveness and holding on to the notion that those dumped in the society have been cured from temptation, she slowly begins to see what he sees Babbage, and understands that it takes much more than being just a table and the administrative work, if it is really He wants to help people. <br /> <br /> and the discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices that we open our eyes, as well as how to 8mm starring Nicolas Cage brought Snuff in the spotlight. It is worth investigating the drama with the usual red herring, and my, they are really good, as it was made you wonder often if your assumptions are correct, and you'll soon find yourself shooting from the hip as you get was wrong at an alarming rate, even though I did not credit the it is a dense story, but more from the spread of the number of characters (watch out for a cameo Avril Lavigne) i sub-plots. The scene in the dark clothing / store building was like Se7en David Mills and William Somerset, when they made a foray John Doe's apartment and find a lot of strange things in here though, given the nature of the subject, he did not stay on the lot. <br /> <br /> Obviously, the flock for some reason decided that the cinema Enrique chediak was quite good, despite a very strange style, that have no style, using almost every trick in the book to try to recreate the feeling of watching another se7en, only that it was deeply immersed in shades of brown instead of black doom and gloom. It will take some time to get used to it, and I put this effect, like the one that really distracts from what is happening in the story. Not a good move, though, with a few frequent repetition of the scenes with the memories. <br /> <br /> But the flock was still making a decent game, although X-fil from there, probably it's hard not to imagine their favorite actor in a leading role, given the many similarities in character. Weights and the Danes went on doing some chemistry as an old fogy (heh) and his protégé, and, although it's not exactly great, Andrew Lau managed to sneak something nice.
