I really like Richard Gere ... I always have, and it seems lately that his status as a star of Hollywood and money maker slipped, but it seems to me that the reason is that it takes very mature, intense role and it has been very successful at it simply in financial terms, because I have seen it in some really big rocks, as of late, including The Hoax, The Hunting Party (both must watch movies! watch It has reviews) and now it's flock, which, apparently, was to be a great release, given that this is essentially 35000000 us + budget. It seems that some of the other reviews IMDb very, very hard, because I thought that the film had to deal with a potentially very serious social problem in a very direct, violent and disturbing images and Gere only brings it all home. This thriller drama stored May glued to the television with its history. I think part of the problem that people seem to him that Hollywood izes a very serious matter, but I do not think he does it with disrespect and trying to take a different spin to let people know that it exists. In fact it is just the way that the hunting party to deal with the war. Director of the Hong Kong Wai-keung Lau did a decent job keeping it together, but I think the cast is made it watchable. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere, as you may have guessed from my previous comment is brilliant, kind of like a social worker Errol Babbage, who has the form created his own style and laws when it comes to improving its «Flock "are registered violent sexual crimes. He holds no punches in tracking these people after them and make absolutely sure that they do not re-offend, and if they do, it will be the one to identify and stop them as he can. Gere is so intense, and seems to merge with the job, and he became violent and angry at watching these monsters allowed on the street. He's fantastic. Claire Danes is also amazing, as a new partner Babbage and his replacement, which he must exercise to do their job. Danes character is much more typical of a social worker and a little taken aback by the style and methods of Babbage, but slowly realizes that he is trying to do, and to go against. Two of them are brilliant together and have amazing chemistry with such very different characters. Kadi Strickland plays disrupted registered offender who appears to be torn from the headlines, as it plays a character very similar to Homolka (wife of Paul Bernardo, who now is) for those of you, who is a Canadian serial killer. Her character is a little over the top, but it is convincing and striking all at once. Russell Sams has a small role as a new member of Strickland, and he would have been better, perhaps, given a greater role. Ray Wise, who is a terrific character actor (check it out at an impasse, and a strange turn as Satan himself in the show reaper WB), and he gets a small but good role as chief of the public security department and Babbage boss. <br /> <br /> in the film is not perfect, despite the stunning performance in a leading roll. It takes liberties on really trying to make the movie more entertainment than educational, but it's just a different angle not unlike the desperate 8MM Nicolas Cage. Flock takes you into the underbelly of the sex trade, kidnapping, human trafficking, and more, and only really something to watch. Perhaps it was not intended or written form, as well as it might be, but I tell you that the Danes and Gere combine to make this movie completely watchable and a really great thriller. It is disturbing, but that is not very complicated, and in the same nature of the Giro largely intensely complex with many layers, and also opens up the social stigma and makes think about vizhilantizme in many ways, when you see people Gere deals a. I urge all of you to ignore the bad reviews and see it for yourself, because it's worth checking out !! 8.5 / 10
