I was looking for this film, because I have a new supporter of Frain and would like to see more of his work. First of all, his Irish accent is great. He has acute hearing dialects, it seems. His action was perfect, as usual. James Frain side, I thought the film was very well done. He showed that the conflict in Northern Ireland, as the * mess * it really is. Both sides are guilty of committing a grave injustice, and people involved in the conflict, as a rule, have very little to say about his circumstances. <br /> <br /> In addition, it is interesting to understand that not every man (or woman) who is supposedly fighting for their country, actually makes it * only *. For example, if Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart), why he "is a" ginger can not think of a morally acceptable answer. Why? As Ginger is not for the noble cause of protecting the rights of their country or their fellow Protestants ... Ginger in it for the pleasure of killing. It's full of blood lust, and is the perfect job for a man like him. In the struggle, as it is guys like Liam (John Lynch), who simply want to live their daily lives and enjoy their families ... the guys who see all the fights only begats more fighting. There are guys like Kenny, are born leaders are full of charm, and they add fuel to the fire, and they mean or not. In addition, Kenny sincerely believes in "business". He believes that he is doing will make a difference in the future ... which is a bit strange, because his character seems too smart for all of this. But, like so many other seemingly intelligent people, it is absorbed into the gang life, without even realizing it ... and before it's too late. Then there are the ginger, pure psycho who is not fighting for any other reason, but for the sheer thrill of it, that in the type of war gangster makes him a valuable asset, some may argue. However, now, in this film, Ginger to extend their value and become very dangerous Loose Cannon. <br /> <br /> Everything comes to boiling point, and predictably, tragic ending. What makes this film worthy is that shows both sides of the age old conflict. As an American, I can not begin to fully understand that the whole struggle is in question. But I know that there must be a better way. <br /> <br /> In general, well-acted, touching ... but disturbing film.
