"What is love? What is the desire in our hearts catholicity? Is not that the sweetest flower? It is not that the flower of love has a fragrant aroma of fine, fine diamonds? Or wind loves the mud? I do not like the sun, unlike unlikely unlikened not it right? You with someone tonight? It is not a question of your love. Take a lover of hand. release the power within yourself. You heard me, free power. tame a wild space with a whisper. conquer the sky with one intimate caress. it is right not to be shy. Shouts of all that you have received, and to do so in the example. Levon Phelps »If Tim Meadows has created the quintessential playboy SNL, Leon Phelps, I cringed. Hearing his insinuating LISP and obscene comments made my remote to tremble with indignation. I used the click function several times, dear readers. <br /> <br /> Therefore, when the film version of «The Ladies Man» came out on cable, I muttered a few remarks of mine and pressed again. But there comes a day, gray and deserted, where "nothing is on" any of the 100+ channels ... Sigh. To ?? I have faced each subscriber cable suffering ?? watch or turn off my TV off! There he was, Leon Phelps grinning and ... makes me laugh! what happened? If I had succumbed to "dumb down" sit-com humor of Hollywood? I was that desperate to avoid surrender my holy See? the truth is, I like «the Ladies Man »more than I should. The story of vulgar playboy sipping cognac, and sideways in every female form ie goes against my feminist feelings. <br /> <br /> What began as crude SNL skit blossomed before my eyes in the fairy tale of Leon and his Playboy philosophy, going through life "help people" to solve their sexual conflicts. "I'm Mother Teresa boning", he solemnly tells Julie (Karyn Parsons), his friend and producer of the long-suffering of his radio show, «The Ladies Man». And he's not kidding. Leaving a string of broken hearts, and evil spirits, Leon manages a bed and breakfast, almost all of Chicago. That he does so with a sincere good will of his calling card throughout his life. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaimed "expert on the Path of Love", was able to pull myself a lot of trouble with husbands and boyfriends. One such slander husband, Lance (Will Ferrell), forms a "victim smiling asses, USA" club, promising to catch our dear Don Juan. "Oh, yes, we will take revenge," he croons his cohort in show-stopping dance number. <br /> <br /> In addition, it is such a common joy to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester, the owner of a tavern and a smooth storyteller Odyssey Leon to find your "sweet thing" and a lot of money. (Where is he hiding?) But I would choose this film as the choice of my Valentine's Day? Leon search for an easy life changes it so many profound ways - I had to give the nod to our «Ladies Man». The fact that he could, at the end of the film, to find true happiness with a woman at the same time offering his strange advice is dream stuff!
