Sometimes they get lucky and have a hit on their hands (Wayne's World, the first and not the second). But more often they have UXO (It's Pat comes to mind rather quickly). This time it's Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man. This film is somewhere between a hit and hopeless. It was very funny for the first 20 minutes and then, as usually happens with the SNL parodies, it starts to slow down, until finally ends long after it should have. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows Leon Phelps, a radio DJ with a night show called The Ladies Man. He answers any questions concerning sex and relationships, as a rule, in a rough way. Everything seems to be ultimately reduced to suit. After pressing the button, the station manager, Leon, along with his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons) is fired, and you need to find another job. With random blue, comes a letter from one of his former ladies. In a letter offering him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem is that the letter was not signed. So Leon is necessary to find all the women he was with, to find the woman of his dreams. But sometimes, like Billy Dee Williams says in the film, the woman of your dreams is standing right in front of you. There is also a sub-plot about a bunch of guys who have a wife / girlfriend all slept with Leon, and they want to first figure out who he is (he has a tattoo on the part of his body), and then kill him. Leading this bunch of guys have a surprise! With Will Ferrell SNL. Firstly, I thought that the sub-plot was very inaccurate. Singing and dancing stuff was just useless. I normally Will Ferrell, but then it just never clicked for me. And the other guys were just schlubs who got involved, and in the end, all agreed that their wife / girlfriend cheating on them, really their fault. So back to the main story. The story is mostly centers around Leon and sex. So what it boils down to is that if you do not like the character of Leon, you will not like the film. His voice, his manners, his dialogue is what carries the film. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought that it was a particularly good actor on SNL. The only thing I ever really loved out of it, it was a womanizer scenes. But best of all those that they tend to participate in a guest host (remember, one of Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. Within about 5 minutes, they were pretty funny. So, for about 20 minutes, it is really funny. What I thought was a good character in the film, it is that he stayed in character throughout. He never deviated from it just wanted to sleep a person. To the right at the end, where there was this transformation, and it is always present, to tie things. In addition, it was pretty good to keep Leon in Leon, and without changing it into something less oil than it was. There is not a lot of substance to this film if you could not guess. But, as I said before, I found the beginning of the film to be very funny. Some real laugh loud moments, everything revolves around sex and brutality. The problem, of course, with this film, and most of the other SNL spin-off, is that these characters that should only be displayed for a few minutes at a time. Stretching the concept very difficult to 80 minutes. This difficulty is obvious why they need podagovore, because without it, this film would be a little less than an hour. If it was good, that's good, but if it was not good, he must be sad. <br /> <br /> In general, The Ladies Man was not as bad as the SNL and other films, but it WASN «t as good as the others. These were some funny moments, the first 20 minutes was pretty good, but the rest of it was delayed. There did not need a sub-plot, the sole purpose of which was to extend the film. The bottom line is, if you like Tim Meadows and his character Leon Phelps, you will be able to watch the movie. If it annoys you, do not even bother to go. If you just want to see Tiffany Theissen at some good revealing clothes. <br /> <br />
