As small as it may seem, I actually delayed my view the "barbarians" several times just because VHS cover (as well as the image pattern is displayed on the website) looks so incredibly gay! Now I wish I had seen it before, because the film is not so much gay ??. just a bad, bad mannered and extremely fun! It is almost unbelievable that Deodato, director of «Cannibal Holocaust» all people, was the man responsible for it is the comic available-in on modern popular Sword & Sandal fantasy movies, especially movies Schwarzenegger Conan. The film offers a spectacular type of "one-time-on-time" of the voice-over narrator introduces us to Ragneks. Their founder was once traded a tower of pure gold for only one magically powerful ruby, which will allow them to travel in freedom and access to each country as entertainers. In other words, Ragneks travel a bunch of circus freaks! Their happiness suddenly coming to an end, when the greedy Kadar kidnaps the beautiful queen Ragneks' Canary and is constantly trying to locate the ruby. Meanwhile, in some fun waste of time, two orphaned twins Kutchek Gore and trained to become a muscular warriors, and they inadvertently ready to fight each other to death. Instead, however, they run away and plan to release their queen. In fact, the plot is not half as bad as I first feared, but still the same fun provided Beefcake brothers on screen chemistry, wildly clumsy dialogues and, of course, is cheese fantasy monsters as dragon with magical cute eyes, a sort of werewolves, creatures and zombies, that randomly appear to jump out of the swamp. Soundtrack and makeup effects are great, and our all-powerful director Deodato supports awfully fast. acting ability barbarian brother is much better than I had anticipated, besides the fact that one of them continuously produce gross burp sounds. The supporting cast of cool, as well. Eva La Rue has never looked more beautiful, as a witty wild girl Cara, Virginia Bryant really fascinating, as Richard Lynch says several times, and excellent Sheeba Alahani makes his first and only appearance in the film as a vicious witch with hair in the shape of a donut ( I'm not kidding!). And last but not least, the "barbarians" stars everyone's favorite Eyes Hills creep Berryman as the appropriately named Dirtmaster. I know, the displayed picture looks more fun than advertising campaigns for a musical version of the rise and fall of the villagers, but the "Barbara" is really a must-see highlight the Italian operation.
