LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle miracle of the film, the work becomes more profound because of its understated script writer / director ismaël ferroukhi allowing natural scenery of this "road trip" of history and exquisite acting star Nicolas Cazale and Mohamed Majah carry the emotional impact of the film. Ferroukhi vision is very skillfully enhanced cinema Katell Djian (sensitive mixture Travelogue perspectives and horizons tightly photographed duets between characters) and scores on Fowzi Guerdjou, who manages to maintain some beautiful themes throughout the film, paying tribute to the many local musical variations of many strange film reviews. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazale) lives with his Muslim family in southern France, a young student from the western friend who does not seem to be following the direction of his religious heritage. His elderly father (Mohamed Majd) decided the time had come to make his pilgrimage to Mecca, and being unable to drive a car, asks for Red reluctance to leave their personal needs, to bring it to its final religious duty. The two set out in the tender vehicles traveling through France, Italy, and then through Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. Along the trip Red begs his father to visit some of the interesting sights, but his father is still focused on the purpose of the trip and the Red annoyance is left to struggle with the demands of his father. On his pilgrimage they met an old woman (Ghina Ognianova), which attaches itself to the two men, and ultimately should be left Reda, a Turkish man Mustafa (Jackie Nersisyan), which promises to keep the father / son duo, but instead leads to a split receiving Reda drunk in a bar and disappearing, and a countless number of security guards patrol the border and customs agents who delay their progress for various reasons. Tensions between father and son install: Reda could not understand the importance of this pilgrimage, so abundantly trials and failures, and the father can not understand Reda insensitivity to religious beliefs and his father's needs. Eventually they reach Mecca, where they are surrounded by crowds of pilgrims from around the world and a sense of the importance of TRIP is preferred Reda. The manner in which the story comes to an end touching and rich sense. It took a religious pilgrimage to recover the gap between youth and old age, between father and son, as well as between the call and the adoption of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this film is extraordinary - even more so because it feels as if the camera is just "happens" to catch the beauty of the many points of stops along the way without having to increase their special effects. Nicolas Casale is an excellent actor (necessarily see it the most recent and currently showing the film "grocer Son») and its nuances carefully the role, which brings magic to this film. Another great film from the film movement, is a gentle story brilliantly told. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
