If you want to be cynical and pedantic you could point to the fact that the opening, when the RAF Lancaster bomber was fatally shot on May 2, 1945 is unlikely, as the German defense was as lively as Adolf Hitler in the day, but it not a film that should be considered cynical audience, and I believe that the character was killed just in the last hours of the war adds poignancy. In fact, you have lived through the Second World War, in order to fully evaluate the intelligence, beauty and soul Powell and Pressberzher masterpiece. Scenes sky painful whistle, if you look today? Again, you have to watch the film context, when it was made. Team RAF bomber lost 58,000 people during the war, the same day that the United States lost in the «Nam, but for a shorter period, and far, far less active fighters pool, there are no atheists in a fox hole, and I doubt that if you would have lost a relative during the conflict, you have to watch the material atheism as a reasonable deal. When a young driver Richar Attenborough looks in awe at the sight below his many war heroes have cried openly at this stage as they remembered a lot of lost comrades who did not survive the war. Also bare in mind that, despite the loss of several million people from 1939-45, it seems very few people from Germany which pass through the pearly gates. Obviously, the Nazis did not go to heaven <br /> <br /> The plot itself, where a dashing pilot Peter Carter arguing for his life before the heavenly court, would not have much appeal to me, if it was not for the subtext, you see matter or life and death is very politicized and visionary film that mourns the end of the British Empire, as it replaced the American ambition. There is a small thing, that appear in the film as being made by people who know American history and culture. One is the ethnic composition of America, even today, many Britons believe the United States the vast majority consists of white Anglo-Saxon Protestants, when in fact only 51% of Americans "White European". rightly film contains a scene where many different races to confess, "I am an American," as Peter implies for Abraham Farlan, in Anglophobe, which was the first revolutionary killed by British forces in the American War of Independence. With regard to the "special relationship" between Britain and America - What special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know its history, when it comes to Britain and America. They obviously know that their future is also <br /> <br /> So remember to watch this film with some of your mind in the past, and some of your mind at the moment. It's amazing, beautiful, sharp and intelligent, but above all it is a film that would not work if it was done in the last 40 years. Can you imagine, if the story was created in 2003 and revolved around a British soldier killed in Iraq?
