After "Dirty Shame», I never thought that I was going to see another movie by John Waters. This film was really so bad that I was convinced that all his films would be so. But if the DVD of the film was examined in a popular magazine, and they said that it was a great movie, I decided to give it a try anyway. Only a few days later, he was shown on television. I taped it out of curiosity, and now, when I saw him, I can tell you that it is "Pecker," sure, it's much better than the "Dirty censure." <br /> <br /> In this film, we see how the young "nobody" from Baltimore does not become a sensation in the art world of New York City. He sandwich shop employee who photographs his amazing family or things that he sees on the street as a hobby. If he holds his first "exhibition" in the store, where he works, his paintings were seen by the gallery owner, who loves painting, full of suffering and strangeness. His pictures are sold for huge prices, but when he sees his family, friends and strangers react to his success, he decides that he will no longer go to New York, they would come to him if they want to to see more of it, and they do, but what they get to see it, greater shock than they could imagine ... <br /> <br /> it is not hard to understand why I loved this the film is much more than "Dirty censure." The first reason is that this film is the real story. This film really has something to say, and not just intended to shock many people as possible. The fact that they make fun of the world of art, which considers all of the usual, like art, because they do not know what was actually like, it's not just funny, it's not so far from the truth some day. I believe there are many people who feel about contemporary art since. No one understands why they make such a fuss about it, but apparently, we all have to love it. The second reason why I like this film because it was a much better acting performances to offer. I'm not saying that everything that you see, that's fine, but at least the characters have some meaning, thanks to performances of various artists such as Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... <br /> <br /> In general, this is not a great movie, but because of his criticism and some good jokes - that will never go too far - it's a nice film. This is certainly not the best comedy ever, but I liked it much more than the "Dirty censure." I give this movie 6.5 / tenth
