Prior to that, not a small black and whiter urgent topics of criminal violence did not make it to the US screen.There had a lot of the fact that Hollywood and the product code is not hidden to the rebellious 1960s. So it is not surprising that it would take a little independent company, as the filmmakers Ida Lupino to raise this topic. As a result of well-intentioned, but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising, as the director of Lupino had to work with the requirements of the Code in order to get the movie released. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, Ann Walton (Mala Powers), the main problem after the attack, not the way others can see it, but how she sees herself. And it's a heavy load it carries. Will she ever be able to again apply to men? Will they look at it as "damaged goods" (after all, this is 1950)? Not surprisingly, she runs away and not deal with these troubles at home and at work, even when family and friends are generally supportive. In general, this is the first part of a serious and well done. Chasing inflated to make any action in the story, but then it movie-- notice how inconsiderate neighbor does not respond to the buzz of the horn close to the end of the Chase. If they were the cries of alarm states, and not the absence of a neighbor in response to raised interest while complicating the issue. <br /> <br /> second half largely given Production Code sentimentalized face Rev. Ferguson (Todd Andrews). It was he who (to quote a phrase) that "gives her the courage to face life again." There's some attempt humanization him-- it's Anne or her dilemma, that he is most interested. However, his gentle presence and understanding comes across as too beautiful and a little too Hollywood. Fortunately, the end avoids the usual Hollywood excuses, emphasizing only hope for a happy resolution for Anne, but not its authenticity. <br /> <br /> Give Lupine ton of credit to deal with this topic in the first place. Given the overall results, I think she had a thing as honest with this theme as it has been resolved. I am also waiting for today's viewers are treated mildly interesting mainly because of the excellent performance of Powers, which brings with it a purely human drama. Nevertheless, the film works best at the moment as a document of its time, and a cultural overseers of the day thought were suitable for adult viewing.
