I love this movie. Directed by Michael Powell once he said that it was his favorite film, and this is mine as well. Powell and Pressburger created a seemingly simple, superbly crafted story - the power of love against the "powers that be" However, his deception is the complexity of it, "is it real or is the apparent 'premises In principle, it could be argued,.. it is simply a description of the consequences of war on the young, poetically inclined pilot during world war II. or is it? the question never answered one way or the other. in fact, he never even asked. this continuous humiliation is part of the attractiveness of the film. <br /> <br /> innovative yeah photography and cinematography even includes some nice touches that indicate the interests of the creators of the film. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a cinematic version of Richard Strauss's opera, Der Rosenkavalier, the young Viennese aristocrat of the 18th century. This is reflected in a brief interlude in which conductor 71, dressed in all his costumes, holds a rose (which is silver in the sky). Music has even dreamy quality <br /> <br /> All the acting in the first year. - David Niven is at its most charming, and it has excellent support from veterans Roger Livesey and relative newcomer Kim Hunter. But, in my opinion, the film's charm comes from Marius Goring as a conductor 71. It is, of course, has the most interesting role, filling each of his scenes with his innocent insouciance, film lighting. It is a pity that some of the conductor 71 in the scenes were left on the floor of the room. It is also a pity that the comedic talents of Goering rarely seen in the film, except for the great videos of the TV series The Scarlet Pimpernel 1950's. This is definitely the most memorable role of his film career. He is the perfect backdrop for a relaxed style Niven and his virtual overstatement contrasts so well with the severity of the other characters. Oddly enough, in the mid -1940s, Niven also played a major role in relation to other heavenly "messenger", played by Cary Grant in The Bishop's Wife. Their acting style was so similar that I found the result is sad, unenergetic and disappointment. In a note, according to Powell, Goering desperately wanted the role of Peter Carter, initially denying the conductor 71. It is good that he gave up and gave us such a wonderful image. <br /> <br /> In the film, "commissioned" to smooth tensions between Britain and the United States, its overdrive point until the end, but it is disarming in its gentle reminders of the horrors of war -. many victims, both military and civilian, the need to "go" when faced with death. There is a noticeable lack of the second world war "enemies" in the sky, but the civil flight of uncertain origin. Powell and Pressburger would be more apparent in their image, but it was not necessary. The film could not serve their diplomatic goals as had been hoped, but his originality continues to inspire filmmakers and audiences, so on both sides of the Atlantic.
