Some unsuspecting films carry a message that resonates within a few hours and days after viewing. This is the case for CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL Viaje DE CAROL), a beautifully made film from Spain in 2002 based on the novel "A Boca de Noche» Angel Garcia Roldan, who also adapted the book as a script. The war and its consequences is not a new subject for movies, but if the topic of the war plays in the background as a fine driving force for the development of the characters (especially children) who must face in adult life under the influence of adult games, the result of a different and more delicate examination the arrival of the age of the film genre. <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Spanish American boy from New York, who with her seriously ill mother Aurora (Barranco) returns to his home Aurora in 1938 in the midst of the Spanish Civil War , house that has been left remaining, her father Don Amalio (Alvaro de Luna) after his wife's death. Carol's father, Robert (Ben Temple) is a pilot who joined the Republicans against Franco and rarely with his family. Aurora has a past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez), to marry Robert, and Alfonso, in turn, married the sister of the Cold Aurora Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who remains sidelined for all but her grandfather Don Amalio, until she meets another of her age, but her "class»: Tomiche (Juan José BALLESTA) and two of his friends in the first resent Carol but how things are going and Carol Tomiche relate what feels like the first awakening of love. If Aurora dies of his illness, Carol has to live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter, Blanca (Luna McGill), but refers to his grandfather for the support and the best friend of her mother and teacher Maruja (always radiant Rosa Maria Sardis) to understand the discrepancy between classes and senseless war, which keeps her beloved father of her. Through a series of incidents and Carol Tomiche learn the rigors become adults face more injuries in a short period of war, than most of us experience in life. The ending, though sad, uplifting, like a trip Carol maturity is complete. <br /> <br /> The film is based in Galicia and Portugal, and contains some very beautiful setting, removed with a gentle sensitive lighting filmmakers Gonzalo F Berridi and enhanced scores of Bingen Mendizabal. Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line that separates the pathos of pathos, and choosing to concentrate on the story of the children involved, it makes an even stronger statement about the futility and cruelty of war. Exceptional cast: clear, young star Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by fine veteran actors as adults. This visually stunning work with a strong message and should find a much larger audience than it does to this date. grady Harp
