Opening curls left me purring with delight at their ingenuity - a modified version of the logo archers, introductory disclaimer, then, as the camera pans over the cosmos. Strange to think that 'It's a Wonderful Life "was released in the same year. No great coincidence: in the 1940s, have been inundated with the heavens and the earth-movies; but glowing nebula wool and coyly angels competition look ragged, something best glossed over, when placed near vision. <br /> <br Junge Alfred in /> He continues to look great all the way through as more and more bright ideas have emerged on us. I'm not a big fan of mixing colors with black and white as a whole. One of the two visual schemes almost always looks ugly when placed next to the other. Not so here. Powell dissolves the color to black and white and black in color, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, simply changing the palette. And color photographs and black and white could stand on its own. <br /> <br /> As for the story ... it may be the best scenario Pressberzhera, or at least it would have been the conclusion was a logical consequence of the previous event. In addition, it is dense, but with more going on than I can possibly allude here. Was the heavenly material real or perceived? (Or both? Maybe Carter invented a fantasy that was how it happened, though.) Everyone says that we are to either ask or answer that question, but I do not understand why. I am sure that we intended to ask a question. The film even gives us a clue as to the answer - in fact, the problem is that there are too many clues, and they seem to be primarily directed in different directions. The fact that others have yet to occupy our attention, but also does not mean that it should not occupy us, as well. There is, as I said, a lot of things going on. <br /> <br /> Consider the scene in which Abraham Farlan (Heaven prosecution lawyer) plays a radio broadcast of a cricket match, and scornfully says, `the voice of England, 1945." Dr. Reeves (protection) recognizes the exhibition with great embarrassment and then produces one of his own: a blues song from America, which Farlan listens as if he has a lemon in her mouth. Reeves looks smug. <br /> <br /> snobbery? Well, I do not understand why this is pathetic condemn blues music - and it's not what they do Powell and Pressburger, anyway. As the song plays, we get a shot of the American soldiers, listening to him, some of them nodding to the beat at home. They do not find it mysterious. There's something valuable about the song and neither Reeves nor Farlan knows what it is. Reeves, probably knows as much. All English viewers (and all Australian, Indian, and so the audience as well) know, do not say that there is something valuable in the broadcast cricket too; and that while Reeves understands that he can not explain it Farlan - hence the broadcasting blues, which shows that people can understand each other without sharing understanding everything else. It's a clever scene. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I found David Niven bit cold, without the charisma he purchased later in his career; but even so, I do not think the film captured my heart so quickly after the beginning of the action, as this one did.
