Do not Mystic Pizza to win an Oscar for this year? This film has never had a chance because of the casting, but perhaps now people can understand why I felt that way when you exit the theater. Only «Wargames» left me feeling as broken after leaving the theater with the feeling I got an idea about our future. History has shown that this is exactly what happened <br /> <br /> casting pop culture Cuisinart 1980 :. You get Arnold Ben Richards, straighten fugitive offered the chance to "run" for their freedom on the game show with the same name as the movie; Richard Dawson, Damon Killian, considering his role as if he were the owner of the family Feud with rivals using real guns; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and combine wrestler Professor Tanaka as "Subzero" as "stalkers" who kill "running." Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) show while "future dancers" nothing else than the Laker Girls. This film screams plot a good reason for the action: Ben Richards intends to prove his innocence, but agreed to be running when he is told that his friends will be set free, "the 80-ies." instead, they joined him as "participants." Maria Conchita Alonso as Amber Mendez is the standard by which to judge correctly Salma Hayek in the 1990s. <br /> <br /> The cost of production on the film was a bit poor, lines were cheesy, and (at the time), the story seemed a bit far-fetched. I remember thinking when I left the theater, we are certainly moving in the direction of the film, but anyone could see how far we would go there, and how quickly? If Running man has been listed in the TV Guide, most people would assume it was just another re Lithium show pushes the envelope of today. The government influences the media has only worsened, and simplified down American future public surrender all their freedom to "national security" is completely frightening. Ben Richards played brilliantly by Arnold as one of the few remaining puffs against governmental tyranny, that the rest of America is too willing to accept in exchange for good television and some parting gifts for spectators. <br /> <br /> film was way over the top, perhaps even over a cliff to his time, but as Back to the Future III, then "Yar," he seemed to be plunging himself was replaced finished in 1987 tracks in 2006 and beyond, and this film will go in the future, as one of the most prophetic of films of our time. Tragically, like Wargames, the academy is not ScreenPlay gave this brilliant recognition he deserves. "Serious" actors acting seriously, being so pretentious that you want to quit can win more Oscars, but that does not make them better than the films of "the common man" counterparts, such as this one. <br /> <br /> It is absolutely necessary to see.
