Arnold again in the 80s showed that he was the king of action and ships in this action-packed film about a brutal game, show that survives is not a participant. But as the slogan says Arnold still play! The film begins in 2019, in which the world economy has collapsed with food and other essential materials in short supply, and there was a totalitarian state, controlling every aspect of life through television and the police state. This is the most popular game show Running Man, in which criminals have to survive against the "stalkers" who live to kill them. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Ben Richards (Arnold) is the leading helicopter mission to monitor the food riot continues. He ordered his superiors to shoot them, refusing to get it knocked out and thrown into prison, at the same time, they killed people without his help. The government blames for the massacre Richards earned him the name "Butcher of Bakersfield." Eighteen months later, Richards, along with two friends, William Laughlin (Cat) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre) breakthrough detention areas they worked. They make their way to the Metro, headed by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic Richards quickly identifies as the "Butcher of Bakersfield" and refuses to help him, but his friend convince him. They want to join the resistance, but may have to go live with his brother and get the job done. He soon discovers that his brother was taken away for re-education and the woman's name Amber Mendez (Alonso) picked up his apartment. Knowing who she did not help him, but he assures her, but bursting at the airport police after she knocked him. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the running man feels difficulty in finding a good new blood to kill stalkers out there. Damon Killian (Dawson) show host and one of the most influential people in the country see Richards escape frames and able to get his show after his capture. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friend in his place, so he signed a contract. You will love this part. But he soon discovers that they would join him as well and make sure Killian knows that he will be back. Runners are starting to make there way through the area and fight the characters that are remembered, Sub-Zero, circular saws and many others. In the end, Richards joined Amber, who suspected it was created, but was captured and thrown into the game, too. Together, they are underground and make there way back to Killian and give him a farewell sends. <br /> <br /> Running Man is still one of the great Arnold movies from the 80s. The film, apparently, some based on the book by Stephen King of the same name. Some say that the book is better. I'm sure it's not, and I do not care, anyway, I loved the movie. As in all the films of Arnold the actor is that you would expect from the classic liners of Arnold and even Ventura gets a couple. But, without a doubt, Richard Dawson is a standout in this film. Being a real game show, it is easy to forge himself and was able to create a character who was really conscious. Himself the whole movie a few tears on game shows and Big Brother is watching you. Keep an eye on them and make fun of the old show, "hate boat" among others. In addition, the cast was great, except for Arnold, Cotta and Alonzo do not forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all the reality TV nonsense that goes on it almost fits better, but I'm sure Hollywood liberals like to do it in a film about the "Bush of Evil." New DVD was mostly poor to meet additional stalker to be united to repay one. Some, like the ACLU was able to get some where communism to DVD and funny garbage that should not be anywhere near the cinema Arnold all things. Blasphemy! In general, for any fan of Arnold especially we who grew up in the 80's at it, you can not miss it. Its one of the first I saw back in the 80s, and it's still great to this day. Futuristic world and great humor. Overall, 10 out of 10 stars is certainly one of his best.
