Since the mid 80's films of all Arnold, who would have thought that the most important running man is today. Scary and surprisingly realistic story about the reality show was crazy. It could have been far-fetched then, but not now. Not when you think about it. At the present time, reality show, or scraping the bottom of the barrel or desperate to raise the bar. If the next one is not a moot point, as the latter, it is hopeless. How long will it be before we really see a show like The Running Man? How long before we "court appointed lawyers theater" or the entertainment division of the Ministry of Justice? There is so much satire and intelligence in this film, which can be passed in 1987, which is desperately trying to see again, given the current state of a TV show. <br /> <br /> The greatest message of all, "You're lying. It is no secret that the government and the media are working in collusion. And the masses believe that the media tells them to believe. This is a very scary situation, and if a more accurate representation of the truth do not arise, we can easily take tough show how the running man in the near future. It is no secret that the reality show is not very realistic. He edited and modified before broadcast, and that's just what the network wants to see you. Usually, it is far from the truth. <br /> <br /> Although a little differently than the book by Stephen King (end reversed) scenario actually corresponds to the typical formula Arnie. Yes, he has numerous and very banal urgency and he said: "I shall return" (which he never said that often in any case, if you think about it) in the most paradoxical, but while he was still a million times better in the role of then Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren would be (these two were considered before Arnie believe it or not). <br /> <br /> director is nothing like Dave Starsky itself (Paul Michael Glaser). It can not be artistic, but still strong enough to generate excitement and his use of neon and fluorescent colors give each individual set of rather cool look. Andrew Davis (not a director I particularly like) sticks before Glaser, although regardless of who governs, the film is still overshadowed by the extremely serious 80-feel. <br /> <br /> First of all, the assessment of Harold Faltermeyer (remember, it?) is incredibly outdated and robs the scene of any infinite integrity. And the fashion sense of the film too excessive to convincingly set in the future. In addition to the dated feel, the only other thing that bugs me is bad set shootout, which takes place as the culmination. <br /> <br /> This new DVD is a zillion times better than the original release. Gone reverse Letterbox picture. In its place a completely new hi-res 1.85: 1 anamorphic transfer. The colors sparkle and literally jump out of the screen. New Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES soundtrack too weird. There permanent use surround channels with greater effect is bass and strong and powerful. Definitely one of the best re-masters, I have seen so far. Two intriguing documentaries, trailer and "Meet stalkers" trick included in this set of 2-disk, which comes in quite a neat case of a miss.
