I'm still new to the Krimi genre and the only one I saw before seeing this one has been before, and somewhat disappointing "Dead eyes of London," which is not entirely a matter of great hope for the rest of the genre for me. If I saw this first, however, the feeling would be different at that time as a college girl killing a strange and rather stupid attempt to click a crime; it is very fun to watch, and it's really hard to hate a movie that throws so many weird and wonderful ideas in the script and manages to pull it out with style. The film starts in the laboratory where the mad scientist has invented a new and a very toxic poison that kills its prey and makes it look like they died from a heart attack. The poison used by the mysterious criminal mastermind who breaks common criminals from prison to carry out their murder, using this poison (and then they are put back in jail). As the name implies, it is about a college full of girls, which provides most of the victims. There's also a mysterious monk, dressed in a red robe who marauds around the neck with a whip to break <br /> <br /> Of course, with a plot like this. it's not quite a serious matter and the director clearly knows that since there are so insincere vibe to the film, which does not bode well with the plot. The fact that there are so many different sides to the story, unfortunately, this means that things are not running smoothly; although it is not a big problem, as things are kept ticking over nicely throughout the film and there are always going on enough to keep the audience interested. The atmosphere is excellent and the color scheme of the display is too big to watch. Of course, the film is based on a novel by Edgar Wallace and clearly a person has a lot of imagination; locations that are used as well, and while the lair of a killer deck with a variety of wild and exotic animals can not be unrelated to the story, it helps to give the film that extra "something". You can not expect that the conclusion is quite makes sense, after all the things that happens in this movie; but the reason for the murder of some sort makes sense and is a satisfactory way to the climax of the film. In general, college girl murder mystery is a great little flick, and one that is highly recommended!
