Hydrocyanic gas, killer wearing a red suit and hood Clansman wielding white whip, and the murder of a college school girls at the hands of the convicts paid recruited a mysterious mastermind who keeps his face hidden within the office, aquariums containing fish and turtles. Inspectors at Scotland Yard, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his superior, Sir John (Siegfried Schurenberg), certainly have their hands full with this case. All this seems to be centered around the student Anne Portland (Uschi Glas), who, when she turns 21, to make for a great wealth. Girls who are exposed in the same room with Anne, but the reason for their murder remains a mystery SY excellent must themselves be seen. Employees of boarding girls all seem to have something to hide, and some faculty members are victims of killers in a red robe monk disguise, talented enough to really strangle the neck of the assailant with a whip. Two prisoners by order of the mysterious person to use the newly created toxic gas created by a scientist who was killed early in the film during what was supposed to be a monetary exchange for its creation. It's a clever scheme, where the driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner) meets a convict (.. hiding in a barrel), which helped the corrupt jailer. Taken blindfolded to a secret mastermind room, he gives them orders about who to kill and how. Revealing this operation is a top priority for Higgins and Sir John for that will lead them to the truth, they are seeking involvement in the murder and why they occur. Under suspicion are girls hostel director, the author's brother, sweaty, incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, gardener, surveillance, and Bannister. Some of these are red herrings, until they are removed by throwing the viewer for the cycle each time until the real mastermind was found. The ending has a few twists. <br /> <br /> From the movies I've seen Krimi, College GIRL MURDER are the closest to this beautiful Giallo killer, intricate plot brings a lot of surprises and potential suspects, and repels fraud between adults and college girls in hostel. I think you can also see the influence of James Bond in this film Krimi with the secret lair of the villain Mastermind alligator with him (.. which is not used), a fake Bible / water pistol when open, lights the gas in the face of frightened victims Greaves Royles Royce which has latches that cause the flaps to darken the windows, without revealing the passenger in the back seat, and peep hole, designed to track the girl to his room and while swimming. Many might consider Sir John responsibility for his clumsy, funny behavior and how it often undermines the ability of Higgins to get to the truth (.. maybe making fun of British know-all inspectors who deal more harm than solve) ..I felt that it was used as a means of comedy, in particular, with his attempts to psychoanalysis suspects and potential victims, often a lack of understanding of what he is told. Higgins, using the skills received during his years as a researcher, rather than follow the tips / facts, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. Capable of directing robust Alfred Vohrer, who keeps the pace humming at a good speed, and the script is full of interesting characters and sinister content..the that so many adults surrounding the hostel suspects, any of them could be the one wielding the whip or by calling the shots from behind executions murdered girls. I would say that this could be one of the best (if not the best ..) Krimi genre examples, because that keeps you guessing, always one more ace is sleeve..the discoveries found at the end of a pretty -Opening eyes (.. and you even get a literal opening of the real mastermind pulling the strings on top of that).
