This is probably the most fast-paced and action-packed German Edgar Wallace series «Krimi», a cross between Dr. Mabuse films of the past and 60s pop thrillers, like Batman and the Man with UNCLE. He reintroduces outrageous villain from an early movie that wears the habit of a monk and a stylish break the neck of the victim with a curl of the death of the rod. Set in the chic school girls, filled with depraved professors, middle-aged, as well as with Copeau caressing them hot to trot secretary at every opportunity, it is, of course, return to those wonderful times politically incorrect. There's a definite connection at a later Wallace based on the film other than Giallo «What happened to Solange?", Which also applies to student be corrupted (and corrupting?) Senior. It is appropriate to the theme of the monk, the master-mind of the villain uses the Bible mined here to deal with some of the blows of death, and also supports the reptile-flicker prison to entertain his captive audience. <br /> <br /> Alfred Vohrer always been the most playful and visually striking of directors of the series, but the ominous color cinematography is the real star of the show. The Monk is a mad scarlet hood and robe, tastefully offset glossy white whip, while appears on the purple background night. There's also a voyeur friendly turquoise pool that looks great both as a luminous environments for students and couples as a dark background for one of the murder scenes. Brand "kicker" hide map "Ende Airport" somewhere in the set of the last scene is also very memorable here. And there is a subtle and brazen voiced appreciation for music lovers of retro. <br /> <br /> Fans of the series will surely be missed frivolous nature Eddie ARENT in these later films. Instead, the chief inspector Sir John takes on the role of jester, making sure that he has mastered the psychology of crime after taking some night courses. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski also went on to bigger and better things. In krimis I lost some unusual subversive charm by this point, and was now working on a much more egregious level of pop culture that will make this absolutely accessible for the uninitiated spectators.
