Another Pokemon movie hit the theaters, and again, I hear the same old, «Pokemon dead, blah-blah-blah." Detractors franchise could not be more wrong. Children still play the card game, they still watch the show, they are waiting for Game Boy Advance games, and they want to see "Pokemon 4th movie.» <br /> <br /> It said: "Pokemon 4th film "introduces us to two" legendary "Pokemon:. Suicune,« the north wind "of the representations, and Celebi, the forest guardian (and the star of the show) Celebi transports himself and the boy named Sam 40 years into the future, to date, where Pokemon trainer Ash, his faithful Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty travel through the Johto. Ash and Sam become fast friends when they discover a mutual love n member kemonov (vintage Pokeball Sam screw on the top of a beautiful moment). Together, they decided to protect Celebi from the villain of history, Rocket agent team aptly named Vicious, who will receive the capture Celebi for their own purposes. Will Ash and Sam can protect Celebi by Vicious' dark balloons? Where Suicune fit into the picture? is Jesse, James and Meowth will have a large part in this film than ever before? and who is Sam, really? <br /> <br /> As with the first 3 movies, when you go to the movies, thinking that you are automatically going to not hate him, no matter what, simply because it is a Pokemon (or just because your child / niece / nephew / younger brother / and so on, "pulling" for you in this), then you'll hate it, because you have decided that you want to hate him. It may be, but blindly trash "Pokemon 4th film" simply because it's a movie Pokemon, especially without seeing it, that's just silly. Even non-fans can enjoy this film without knowing every detail of the world Pokemon. I'm not saying that you will become a fan of Pokemon because of this movie, but you can really enjoy, if you allow yourself. <br /> <br /> In contrast to the first 3 Pokemon movie "Pokemon 4th film" applies to Miramax, which I heard he is also working to ensure the rights to 5 Pokemon movie, which was released last summer in Japan. Miramax claims that some gag-aggressive marketing strategy of "Pokemon 4th film", but everything I've seen so far is weak Limited Edition, which does not include the normal Pikachu short in the beginning, I was really looking forward to this time . I hope that Miramax will need to put the Pikachu short, called "Pikachu exciting shelters," at least on DVD / VHS release, unless a future wider release of "Pokemon 4th movie." I hope that the current version is only the tip of the iceberg for this very interesting film.
