In the late 30's and early 40's were the golden age of adventure movies that with the growth of the budgets during the economic recovery, changes in screen entertainment as well as a production code of steel in life and generally carefree optimism again. Although most of them were rip roaring Swashbucklers about wildlife, the superman, and often openly misogynistic Feats heartthrob like Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in focus, scope and tone. <br /> <br /> Part of the Ganges secrets Dean is a division of labor in their teams writers. The original story of Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most experienced and well-known writers of the golden age of Hollywood. However, the actual scenario was the work of Joel Sayre Giol and Fred, both of which, Guiol especially, had an experience in a comedy. What we get from these four have a story that is well-balanced and interesting, but also expertly seasoned comic touches. Most adventure flicks this time, at least in part comedy, usually involving one or two comic relief supporting players, but they did not use laughing as Gunga Din does. Here, all the main characters can be objects or persons responsible jokes. We see that the sinister threat of bad guys suddenly dissipated, the scene dissolves into a light-hearted fight. The first major battle scene is a mix of action and impartial jokes in the style of silent thugs Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., then what Flynn and power machines largely failed to replicate. By the middle of Gunga Din action should be sure to take a break and have a lot of Talky scenes for the story. However, constant forays into comedy ?? such as needle-punch routine ?? do it "slow" part tolerated. <br /> <br /> The producer and director George Stevens was a natural when it came to this kind of thing, he cutting his teeth in the Hal Roach studio, and almost exclusively directing the comedy up to that point. It was his first full feature on the action, and it does a surprisingly good job. In particular, its use moving point of view shots to make the battle scenes more exciting. He also brings something you rarely see in action films of this era ?? feeling of real terror and fear. He sets it to those harsh and anticipation mountains dominate many of the shots and dwarf characters. Image of an abandoned village and sectarian shouting asphyxiation "Kali" is really catchy. This aspect of the fear of playing in all the other emotions that are at work here, making us worry about these cute characters, and does more comedy relief of tension. <br /> <br /> A real touch of genius in as the eponymous hero is introduced to the audience. We are aware of Dean visually as it is visible in a number of scenes to any of the characters actually refer to it orally or apply to him. Because of this, we have the impression that Dean is not an important figure in the shelf, but it is fast becoming a prominent character, and the most important thing for us, pretty one, as we see it, risking their lives and gives water to the dying. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors all in vain without a capable cast. Do not be afraid, because Gunga Din has a first-class one! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were perfect for the material, as their best roles, usually found somewhere on the spectrum between drama and comedy. Grant, in particular, in his best, to a large extent true, but only occasionally intruding into that over-the-top and whooping Capering that its trade mark. Douglas Fairbanks Jr. not quite up to the level of their heavy companions, but it is not by no means bad. And of course, Sam Jaffe, cursed his appearance ever play these shriveled little eccentric, but who else could play them with such dignity and humanity? I'm not going to bash the swashbuckling adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and many of these paintings are absolute classics that I absolutely love. But Gunga Din does what even the best of these thugs could never achieve. This will not only dispense with the dashing male lead cliched or cocky girl, he successfully combines action with comedy genre and severity, so that some photos done before or since. And it's amazing.
