I would give this film 10/10, but in its current state, I can only go to the top of 8/10. Edit post code (read: kill). This film deserves a 2-point reprimand in <br /> <br /> With my very limited knowledge of the history of cinema, Baby Face, apparently one of the two films that finally broke the camel's back and brought full of anger and fulfillment of the production code a game in 1934 (I do not know what the film was another.) as a result, the film in its original incarnation is never allowed to be re-released after 1934. He was crushed and edited down, and no original version is not known to exist today. The best thing that we can see today, version, TCM (Turner Classic Movies) shows, but it's clearly edited in a few scenes, and has a very disappointing "happy ending" slapped on the end. <br /> <br /> all the above, the film is still pretty damn cool and very fun to watch. Barbara Stanwyck, as always, absolutely amazing and beautiful. She is so beautiful and powerful; she just has the whole movie! She plays a woman who has been used by people all his life, starting with her father, who pimps her to the local steelworkers Erie, as well as a local politician in a quid pro quo ", if you have not closed my liquor I'll let you sleep with my daughter. When his father dies in a fiery explosion near Flick began, smiling at Stanwyck's face is priceless. <br /> <br /> After the fire, Stanwyck letter Erie with her maid and heads to New York. It sets its sights on the skyscraper and literally begins to work its way to the top. Starting with the personnel clerk in the personnel department, she sleeps with him, to get an entry level position in the bank. From there, she sleeps with a man after man after man (including a very young John Wayne) with each new person to help her land a higher paying job on the top floor of a skyscraper, with stronger male bosses diploma sugar hats. Stanwyck stops at nothing in her rise to the top. It's great fun to see her and her maid in a fancy dress and flats as Stanwyck works its way up the career ladder. Stanwyck is the final fatal, manipulating, she-fox in this movie! If you watch this movie, I recommend to stop when you see a symbol of George Brent (Courtland Trenholm) die in the hands of Stanwyck in. Skip the remaining 3 minutes or so! "Happy end" slammed to the end of the film for post-code the audience insults the intelligence audience and lame beyond belief: Board members sit at the table expositing nearly a million dollars in donations Mr. and Ms. Trenholm to the bank and how they live happily ever after, but poor in Erie , the former VP Trenholm now working in steel mills - cut to exactly the same frame steel plant, which we saw at the beginning of the film - «the End» PUH-LEEZE -.! HOW LAME film originally ended George Brent succeed in their suicide attempt. I think that the end of the overall solution n Astra film is much better than hit the post code ends <br /> <br /> Of course, I hope that the printing of the original version of the previous code Flick discovered during my lifetime (update:. The original was found and should be DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). By that time, while I enjoy the TCM version and turn it off in front of the lame post code ends.
