A preliminary version of 1933 in «Baby Face» would be the perfect introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Mentoring Professor Nietszchean, Lily Powers rises from the life of easy virtue in Speakeasy father to quickly move up the career ladder at a large bank. Since each rung of the ladder is the executive with his brain below his waist and his ethics locked in the safe, the film has no victims except the child Lily, which was destroyed by abusive exploitative father. Destructive relationship with her father, Lily suggests a hidden motive for men forward without regard to their fate. While Lily cynical and obvious in its approach, the target man she willingly betray his wife and the groom to trade jobs for sexual services. Perhaps the failure of the bank in 1930 borrowed less economy than morally corrupt leaders distracted ambitious women. <br /> <br /> The plot moves fast and entertaining camera moves from window to window up facade of an office building and Lily rises higher and higher. Barbara Stanwyck enjoyed harsh annoying roles, and she is in top form here. Sentiment does not burst when it is ready to rise to the next level. Only her African-American trustee, Chico, Lilly receives affection, trust and loyalty. In more enlightened times, the fresh natural beauty Theresa Harris, who plays Chico would have people throwing fur and penthouses at her. Stanwyck often excessively made up and set out stiffly in comparison to Harris. However, despite the tough demeanor Stanwyck in obvious tactics and artificial make-up, she manages to leave a mark deceived and seduced men, including Douglas Dambril, Donald Cook and the young John Wayne. <br /> <br /> The predominant version with «Baby Face» is a 76-minute cut restored. A modified version of the film's release shyly turns away from the hard facts, the more cut restores and makes apparent. Maybe Daryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under a false name, is designed lesson quotes from Nietzsche, whose views on women have been controversial. Nevertheless, in spite of the lectures and consultations, so as not to be defeated by life Alphonse Etiya, Lily grab for power and money, is likely to have her education and her father than her professorial teacher. Nevertheless, philosophy is the only distraction. Short, fast-paced and entertaining, "Baby Face" as a contemporary in his morals, as "Wall Street." Substitute Gordon Gekko for Nietzsche, and Lily could announced its guiding philosophy of being "greed is good."
