This one is considered a key film Pre-Code ?? by a director who later made musical biopic Zholson STORY (1946), but also paranoid fiction Invasion U.S.A. (1952)! ?? and it has one of the best early roles in Barbara Stanwyck. <br /> <br /> It is supported by a fine cast, which includes popular actors and appreciate the nature of the performers of the day ?? George Brent Douglas Dambril, Edward Van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at one point addressing Stanwyck with title moniker derived from the popular song that is heard constantly everywhere) in the first category, while in the latter, Robert Barr (the father Stanwyck etc. ), Donald Cook (as its most tragic conquest), Alphonse Etienne (as her elderly teacher ?? more on that later), Arthur Hall (as slutty policies) and Henry Kolker (Cook boss and father-in law, which Stanwyck and lures). Interestingly, the scenes in which appeared after Walter Brennan were removed at his own request, if the film got into trouble with the censors! <br /> <br /> provoked crackling that is usually hard-boiled dialogue and realistic Anton Grot sets, descriptive contains unexpected overtones of Nietzschean philosophy, which is served in our small-town character intelligent Etienne (Stanwyck complain to him in the early stages, that she was not brought up "ball of fire", which, of course, is contrary to it later ?? comedy directed by Howard Hawks and co-starring Gary Cooper ?? from the name!). Under the auspices of Etienne, she quickly begins to blossom in essentially soulless character is determined that nothing will stand in your way to success; symbolic image of its growth the growth of the firm in New York, she eventually used to remind the same pungent one ?? relating to the lust of an ambitious statesman power ?? in October by Sergei Eisenstein (1927)! Sociological, it is also interesting that Stanwyck constantly seen stuck to the neck of her black maid / companion <br /> <br /> The first two-thirds of the movie are stunning. First, I found the last few stages of frustration ?? because I was expecting to get her answer Stanwyck drop in late-entered character George Brent, when he ignores her ?? but, like the others, he quickly under her spell! On the second view, however, this aspect is felt less sharp ?? as it is obvious that Stanwyck was affected by the deaths of two of her selfish behavior has caused, and that her stay in Paris softened her (even if she is trying to cling to it with hard earned wealth as much as possible). <, Br /> <br /> Released on DVD by Warners as part of their FORBIDDEN Hollywood COLLECTION VOLUME 1, the film is presented in two remarkably different edits ?? recently unearthed Pre-Release version and tamer theatrical release print. Among the most important frames cut from the latter is a dialogue that refers to life as a vagabond Stanwyck at the age of 14 years (although he had heard in the accompanying trailers!) While many other scenes were cut (ie, censorship of content ): a violent fist fight developing between Stanwyck and Hohl after she resisted his advances; seduction on a railway carriage; a scene in which Dumbrille surprised Stanwyck by Cook; shooting, and then suicide (only shots heard in the shorter version); Stanwyck think about their conquests while the phonograph plays (again, only Brent appear in the version released in the cinema), etc. Tha latter, then, uses an alternative is required for some scenes ?? and it includes an address map of the city, which is absent in the more complete version; However, we also get obviously stuck-on happy ending (version Pre-Release suddenly finds a very effective open note) and also unconvincing instructive letter sent Etiem in Stanwyck in New York, which, basically, has the function to substitute all references to Nietzsche!
