«Baby Face» is a melodrama starring precode very young Barbara Stanwyck, almost unrecognizable George Brent and Teresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to the city to make a good ... or should I say, to find the time. Father Stanwyck was pimping her for one reason or another all her life in a gloomy, depressed, dirty, Erie, Pennsylvania. After dying her father, an old type of a father who knows that she has gone through, and really cares about her future, she advises her to go to the big city and take advantage of it - and not easy ones - and take the high road in life (Please note that I saw censored version and director - is part of the film was remade for the censors.) She and Chico (the Harris) in New York, where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) solves a lot of the low road on smooth and get her where she wants to go much faster. In the most famous scene of the film, the camera moves us up the ladder, taking us from floor to floor, Lily sleeps his way to the top. She finally pens a big man himself and is able to quit your day job. The problem should be, and she was soon involved in a huge scandal. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck wears a lot of makeup, and for most of the movie Cool as a cucumber, she seduces one man after another, with no regrets, and it's great when you play the innocent victim. In one scene, she is sitting, looking at the king's ransom values ​​while wearing a black dress that looks like it was adorned with diamonds at the top. Then she asks Chico for another occasion, and filled with more jewelry, as well as securities. . All in <br /> <br /> One day of work by Theresa Harris was interesting talent - it can be to play down or glamorous, and was a talented singer and dancer as well. Here she sings or hums the theme of the film, "St. Louis Woman" in all things. She worked literally dozens of films and very good here as a friend Stanwyck, her best work, which is in the era of pre-encode. In a bizarre by-product code, negros are often given less to do in the movie after it has been put in place. <br /> <br /> films pre-coding can be more sexually open, and therefore, although they are 70+ years old, it seems to be more modern. Even if these films do not have a moral endings, Baby Face learns its lessons - like how life is, after all. There were a few endings of the film, all with the same message. The one I saw was added to the scene, but, apparently, there were two other endings that did not pass the censorship. (There was no code, but there were always censors.) Anyway, it's a neat surprise. «Baby Face» is an important film in the history of cinema - it must be seen.
