I am going to see 2 of the film as a whole, because I feel that is how it should be borne in mind and watched. When I say "movie" I'm talking about the parts 1 and 2 together, when viewed one after another, as they should be. <br /> <br /> Thank you John Anderson, Steven Soderbergh & Benicio Del Toro. <, Br /> <br /> This film is a refreshing, bold, rough and this film. And listening is new style of filmmaking. A lot of fake drama. Many Edema track. Nha Faux documentary style. Only clean shots and try to stick to the facts. I read John Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" and recently completed a biography of Fidel Auto, and it helped my ability to absorb the film properly. But I must say that it is exhaustive, the penultimate and excellent biography of John Anderson, who gave this film a correct historical backbone. Anderson was a consultant on the film (or the film 2). What makes this movie in this is that it is clean. A lot of swelling music or slow-motion photography to enhance the drama, and more importantly; no fake documentary shaky cam. Total square boom and straight shooting style. Type of camera used makes you feel right in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro should be given all the accolades for this, I have never doubted him, Che throughout the film ... not once. He did an excellent job, and I respect him for that forever. Some people complain that the film deals with only 2 pieces of his life, but not all. But I think it's one of these beautiful aspects of this film: it does not try to be everything. He does not try to "tell a story". human life is too multifaceted to try to say in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the most delicate beauty of this film, it resists this temptation, and remains focused on the intent to enable us to get a sense of CHE, HIS Educational militaristic mind and strength around it. It focuses on 3 slices of time: Battle of the over throw Batista, U.N. speech Che Gorilla and training in Bolivia. "The Motorcycle Diaries," said his young hand man, and I welcome the S. Soderbergh to focus on other aspects instead. I keep referring to the book of John Anderson and the film remains true. The only weak point for me is casting (not performance) Matt Damon. In the film so loaded with real life performances, American (Matt Damon) plays a Bolivian is awkward stretch - he does well, but after so much care in casting, it was a site. Small and completely forgiven. The reality that the rest of the cast gives you, and particularly strange work Benicio Del Toro, put the film's at the top of my list. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film went almost directly to the video to say something about how the Cold War ethics that would never allow a "revolution in Cuba" to be the fact that it may have at -prezhnemu at work to keep this story quiet. . If not clandestine killing, then the effects of propaganda did the right thing, which is biased this topic <br /> <br /> This is a must see film, and John Anderson's "Che Guevara: Revolutionary Life" is a must read if you want to, to start to get an idea of ​​the early effects of the global mind set on the expansion of international / financial political chess moves in the '40s,' 50s and '60s, which are located unfair pressure on our South American neighbors, and the effects it has contributed.
