Perhaps the most brilliant thing about Che: Part Two, as we begin to integrate it with the first part in our minds that there is no explanation as to why Che decided not confided escape from Cuba after the revolution, Sun hint of his experience in the Congo, Sun figuring why he chose Bolivia as its subsequent installation for the coup, not a hint of political decisions he made as a young man on a motorcycle in South America, which gave Salles seen familiarity. Che extraordinary attention is paid to meeting the volunteers who accompany his guerrilla group. Nevertheless, it is hardly an attempt is made to allocate them as individuals, establish relationships involved. He is quite unreasonable. Che drives inseparable doctrine, not to leave the wounded behind. But I do not feel that he is deeply concerned directly with his people. This notion. <br /> <br /> In Part 1, in Cuba, the rebels welcomed people from villages, were given food and cover, with the support that grows up to be a victorious revolution. Here in Bolivia, not much understanding is obvious. Villagers expose him. They protect the government forces, and not his own. If he explains in the one-sidedness of the state medical system, its audience seems uninterested. You can not lead the people into the revolution, if they do not want to do. Soderbergh reveals US patent military advisers working with the Bolivians, but do not blame the US for the collapse of Che. Che seems only misfigured his fight and where he would like to have it. <br /> <br /> In a demonstration both wars, Soderbergh does not build its fighting scenes like action with concrete results. Che men to attack and attack. They exchanged fire with the attackers far. There is generally a cut to the group in the aftershocks of battle, its death toll has not stopped. This is not a war movie. This is a rather silly driving around one person to endure. There's no complicated cinematography. Soderbergh looks firmly on inflexible devotion to Che. There are excellent sporadic visceral shots, but being small, they are more powerful, such as POV shot of Che during his final blow. There are plenty of areas where these people live within a few weeks at a time, and the overwhelming effect of tenderness, Guevara himself, who has a part-time malaria. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the producers of the film, gives a champion performance, not least because he was modest. He is not portrayed as a cutting edge, like most of the epic heroes. In Cuba, it occurs in the conquest, in Bolivia, it falls on the reverse, and sometimes really difficult to distinguish for the tangle of beard and hair. Del Toro shows not so much the identity as a ratio. You may think that the movie is too long. I think that is the true cause of its width. Guevara case in Cuba and Bolivia in particular has not been a sequence of episodes and sketches, but undertaking staying power, that could actually be called insane. In the end, Che, in whole or in part is a commercially-coming film, one where its director begins to understand the limits inherent cinematic biography and work gradually within these funds.
