Part II or formerly known as guerrilla, is also a great achievement, but not as interesting as Part I, because that is where we are starting to see what might have caused the fall and death of Che Guevara. Once again, I am impressed with the causal, that both sides have in their interconnected stories. We are reminded again and again that the main character, Che Guevara is an Argentine. Some men in the army of Fidel decided not to take orders from Foreigner and now that Che decided to leave the comfort of the revolutionary victory to continue in Bolivia, it does not get much respect from his new army and the natives either, just because he is a foreigner. <br /> <br /> how technically is, I think, that Part II would be more useful if, before anything else, as soon as the map display would show some highlights of the preliminary fee just to refresh your memory about their heroes and that he burned himself to do to make the audience understand why his method successfully in Cuba, but they do not work in Bolivia. Obviously, at the present time in this segment, that Che not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, he has to deal with a bunch of men, whose hearts are not completely in it. It is said that love is a revolutionary ingredient for .. well, they do not give a damn what a lot about the country, so it is difficult to sell. It's excruciatingly painful and difficult for Che to get others to buy his vision. <br /> <br /> I like one particular scene that illustrates the state of deterioration of the Che, a scene in which his horse will not go no matter how much Che tries to direct it, and then his temper got the better of him, and for a moment there, he forgets that he is a doctor, and he becomes this desperate soldier who kills his own horse. His army, as a horse that does not want to be controlled. But at the same time, the film drags, it relies on a small cameos from familiar faces that you recognize just for short fun and, for the most part, you get battered left and right on one obstacle after another, but it is possible that the intention of the II of, if so .. then it certainly works. Ovation in the cinema, which gives us the first person at the time of the last breath of Che. This movie can not respond to questions about why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined he could pull it off, even Wen odds were against him, and why he wants deep in South America to have the same fate, and that in Cuba, but the film CHE story worth talking about.
