It surprises me that I actually have the courage to see the bio film or clicks. «Che: Part 1 and 2" Why? Because when my parents are Cuban exiles ever learned, I've seen this movie about this despicable mass murderer of the Cuban revolution, I would have grounded for life. Hey wait? I am an adult, they can not ground me not to MAS. Directed by Steven Soderbergh, and newcomer Communist (sorry, Stephen, but I had to take Soder footage here) divide the movie in two partes at the commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara's revolutionary life. "Che: Part 1" is as Che in the mid-1950s joined the crew guerrilla Fidel Castro in his revolutionary quest to overthrow the regime of President Batista in Cuba; which, as we all know, it was a revolutionary success for them but a huge partisan disaster for many Cubans, as it appeared to communism. "Che: Part 2" is trying to revolutionize the Che T-shirts Industry pitching with his terrible face to producers bearbado T-Shirt. Well, I CHE-chat a lot of crap in the side of the road! I would say "Che :. Part 2 "focuses on Che at the end of the 60s trying to bring back the revolution, this time to the impoverished Bolivia, but far different results In fact, Che ended up being dead meat enchelada when he was captured and killed by Bolivian police in 1967 Soderbergh does not include the interval between the time of these two cases in Che's life, when he commanded the despicable La Cabana fortress prison in Cuba, where the mass murdered many Cubans who opposed communism. that is, if I think that Soderbergh executed cinematic injustice Sun pack azvayuchy spectators as brutal Guevara really was. I decided to see "Che" in the hopes that Soderbergh Sun praise him, but instead of being present as disturbed, he really is. Unfortunately, Soderbergh did not last and unfortunately decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero, which he was not. he was a sick man, thank God, now is probably at the bottom of the barrel of the devil. Now I have to be re objectivist spectator and I must admit that the performance of Benicio Del Toro's Che was very commands, and worthy of merit. And Demian Bichir was haunting dead ringer, Fidel Castro, in his hard work. But the rest of the cast of "Che" is mainly composed of mediocre performances the actors portraying the guerrilla soldiers. And just as I admire Matt Damon, why Sodebergh throw it into a revolutionary mixture of Spanish-speaking cameo performance of drawing the Bolivian delegates? Soderbergh does not present this biopic, which is basically "too much talk and not enough action" for 4 hours and 30 minutes. We had too many Che already, even posthumously those funny t-shirts, so why do not we give too much more about it? But I think if you have Del Toro for the horns (as you did here Steven), I believe that it is your saving grace does not fully comply «Che: Part 1 and 2". *** Average
