I have come to see of Guerrilla, the second part of Steven Soderbergh's biopic of Che Guevara, not having seen the previous film, and no more than a cursory knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was rather the fear that it will be as serious history lesson continued and unrepentant love letter to the fine revolutionary. As it turned out, this film far surpassed all my expectations. <br /> <br /> Guerrilla works surprisingly well as an independent film. The history of unsuccessful attempts to carry out the revolution Che in Bolivia, is under military control, is a compelling tragedy. The initial impetus brought the arrival of Che incognito guerrilla warfare, lost misfortune follows misfortune. Chances up against the revolutionaries. US support for the Bolivian army, the hostile conditions in the tropical forests of suspected local residents and failing health of Che are just some of the difficulties that beset the nascent revolt. <br /> <br /> drawing Soderbergh's Che largely uncritical, but this film is not hagiography. Refreshingly dramatic style, with subtle and effective soundtrack Alberto Iglesias adding the quiet drama of many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the film, but very few close-up of his face, and we are pleased to see that people are struggling with it, and sometimes against it, too. Where Soderbergh wants to demonstrate the advantages of Che we see it in small episodes, such as a loyal minister who blames two brother partisans, if they question the leadership of Che and emphasizes the sacrifice that he made in the care of the cubes again to fight for the revolution. <, Br /> <br /> direction for wonderful. Part Two feels tightly edited, despite the narrow focus and is able to communicate a lot through the images without having to spell things the narrator to the audience. At the beginning of the film we see several short videos lavish parties in post-revolutionary Cuba, immediately furnished us ideas as to why Che to donate their old lives to fight again in another country. In the future, the image of partisans marching through endless rainforest stands out as a very beautiful scene and helps to create a sense of the enormous challenges faced by this small group of revolutionaries. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the film is the distance between the viewer and the Che, which, although it does not allow us to evaluate the context of a riot and the surrounding people, makes it hard for us better as people understand it. However, Benicio Del Toro quite convincing in the title role ?? to such an extent that it is difficult to remember that you are watching an actor, not the man himself. However, watching Guerrilla as a standalone film means that we give very little idea that the formation of Che's thoughts, words and actions. It is hoped that this is more to the fore in the first part of Soderbergh's biopic (I can not comment on that until now), and, of course, the strength of the second part makes me look forward to meeting a prequel.
