I sat through the two parts of Che last night, back to back with a short break the bathroom, and I can not remember the last 4:00 passed so quickly. I had to psyche yourself for the week ahead, because I have a real "thing" for directors, producers and editors who continue putting on the wind, over the long quasi- epic before us, and I feel that, in general, 2 to 2, 5:00 on the right to the film. Since 4:00 seemed to go beyond my tolerance, and I was very doubtful about the enterprise as a whole. But I will say in advance that it is beautiful ?? I would say, lovingly ?? I made the film, and I'm very glad that I have seen. Directed by Steven Soderbergh should be congratulated with the clarity of his vision. The fight scenes Zing, as if you were dodging the bullets themselves. <br /> <br /> If there is a person on the planet who does not know, Ernesto "Che" Guevara was an Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro overthrow Fulgencio Batiste by Cuban Revolution in 1959. When I was a kid in the 1960s, the image of Che was everywhere; on the bedroom wall posters, T-shirts, on magazine covers. The image of Che to be one of the most exploited more than ever. If the well-known image must hope that Che was a very handsome man, the embodiment of revolutionary romanticism. If he was butt ugly, I have to wonder whether he would have ever been so popular in the public imagination? Of course, die helps young. <br /> <br /> The films were made about Che earlier (in particular, the remarkable motorcycle diaries in 2004, which was shot in unbearably cute Gael Garcia Bernal as the young Che tour in South America, and who see the endemic poverty, which is formed by its Marxist policy), but I do not think anyone ever solved the whole story from beginning to end, and this two-parter ambitious project. I hope it pays off for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine what instant commercial success can not be at the top of his mind. <br /> <br /> The first film (The Agentine) shows Che Castro meeting in Mexico and costs of their travel to Cuba to start a revolution, and then travel to New York in 1964 by the UN resolution. Skillfully captured black and white images look like a modern film, but they are not. The second film (Guerilla) picks up again in 1966, when Che arrived in Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. The second film takes place almost entirely in the forest. As far as I can see that it was filmed mostly in Spain, but I still think that it should be quite debilitating for the film. Benicio Del Toro well as Che, the part he seems born to play. <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt that Argentine (ie part one) it was much easier to look more "interesting" in the strict sense of the movie, because it is sublime. They win; The revolution will be successful. Che was in his element, leading a motley group of peasants, workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause. The second part is much more difficult to watch because of the inevitability of defeat. In much the same way that in the recent Valkyrie - at the same time a good movie - was an exercise in the eyes of heroic failure, so I felt the same about the second part of the Che (Guerrilla). We know that at the very beginning that he was dying, we know that it crashes. It's frustrating, because, as the story is told, it is obvious early on that inciting revolution were convicted in Bolivia; Che is regarded as a foreign intruder and unable to connect with the indigenous peoples in the way that he did with the Cuban. He persists, which is unpleasant to look at, because I felt that he had to know, if we refuse and go to another, perhaps more successful enterprise. The film does not romanticize it too much. He kills a man, he performs, he fights with his asthma and costs played a long time after he had to give, and went on, he leaves his wife alone to raise five orphans. <br /> <br /> But on the whole, a great exercise in the classic film. One note; I watched as the US trained Bolivian soldiers are moving in droves to pick off Che and his small band of soldiers, one after another, it reminded me of the final at the Butch Cassidy. I almost turned to my husband and said so, but hesitated, thinking that he would find such thoughts are banal and absurd. When we left the theater, he turned to me and said: "Do not you think that as the end of Butch Cassidy ????????????"!
