Many reviews I have read, shows that the majority of people tend to like the first part better than the second part. I feel just the opposite. Part of the first toyed with too much trying to find different ways of showing the face of Che Guevara through the different types of films, different places and sharply back and forth between the interview and the Cuban revolution. For the most part it was built exactly, but somewhat distracting. The second part includes Che in Bolivia, and, together with geographical location, rules and changes in the structure. Gone are the spatial jumps and switching between stock, to "documentary realism" and treatises. Instead, we are now literally trapped with Che in unsaturated, sparsely populated landscape where the only people who exist far too burdened with their lives for anything but survival to be one of the options. I would argue that it is a dark twist the life of Che that is the real reason why most people prefer the first part of the second portion <br /> <br /> Change geographical location also means, for me at least, that Che :. Part One and Che: Part Two, in fact, the other two act structure into three acts, initiated by The Motorcycle Diaries. The Motorcycle Diaries Che is a transitional age (or more correctly, the coming-of-ideals) in Argentina, Che: Part One of its military leaders in Cuba and Che: Part Two of his falling in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate his life (we miss his experience in Guatemala and, more importantly, in my opinion, it after the Cuban revolution of punishment), but they create a very detailed study in the controversial aspects of his character and nature as a worldwide character. He symbolizes idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression and revolutionary deficiencies in third world countries after the Second World War and they were detained in activities such as, um, in the CIAs intervention. <br /> <br /> But, once again, all that is projected on the screen, in this case through long scenes of dialogue and speech, but in a much more intimate, suffering the image of Che at the end of its thread and its life. Again, the rules have changed, and in this case it is difficult to say whether there is a chance of success at all. The number of times the camera shows a man literally sealed between a rock and a hard place and unsaturated shaky long takes involve the audience in the narrative of people, prisoners in a hostile landscape, existential hell, where revolutionary convictions ultimately end up taking the second level to despair persecuted people are starving to death. It's just not so easy with a movie to watch, but it is very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
