Following directly on where the story ended in the first part, the second half, which sets about telling inevitable decline and a much darker side of the human heritage it as such. In direct contrast to the first aspect, the second part is the transition from Che honor and glory of the country's revolution, Che ?? fighting liberator of the country in which he has no prior ties. Changing the setting is not only aesthetic; of the spring and autumn shades of gray in the wooded comes a change of tone and the heart to function, replacing predecessor optimism with a cynical, beating and bruising of reality in accordance with the new whole struggle. However, as Che himself would go on to say ?? such a struggle it is best to say exactly how ?? struggle. While the first part, of course, helped document that the initial surge of power that the revolutionary guerrilla acquired through just that, the second part takes a lot more sophisticated, callous and gloomy segment of life and ambitions of Che, and gives it an assertive image that simultaneously bitter and tragic in a tangible, easy to understand manner. <br /> <br /> while the tone of the film in some ways really lose and differ very much from the first part however, is still in the same documentary approach a month ago that avoids melodrama and manufacturing as much as possible. This is somewhat distant, cold approach to tell the story and struggle of Che, of course, turn off some viewers; in fact, I still remain reserved about whether there is, the function itself was to be named in honor of one person ?? if anything, the fullness of Che, taken as a whole, provides a story that goes beyond a simple biography and documents instead of fighting men together those who helped carry him along the way. Under no circumstances should anything Soderbergh tries to draw a portrait of the humanist is similar to what is done with Hirschbiegel Der Untergang half a decade ago (sorry ironic contrast); Che is a slow moving, restrained and meditative approach to telling the history lesson that just happens to be narrated by a man who ?? arguably- conducted the whole affair. <br /> <br /> However, moving from the lush green landscapes of Cuba and moving away to the dark, breaks Bolivia background for the second part, the story inevitably gets a clear contrast tone that does not feel too inconsistent to its predecessor, but It is doing enough to give it its own guidelines. Here, the basic structure of the first part repeats back ?? there is an initial struggle, a battle that killed comrades and recruiting people to replace them, all the time we can see some glimpses of human movement. However, as any vague idea about the real story behind the feature is to know part of the second is destined to end up much more destroyed and disturbing note. This difference, combined with the similarity with the first part, make a compelling and memorable whole; by all means, as it may be to digest one of their own (and prestige Soderbergh to achieve as such) and used as they are, but taken as a single statement, Che provides exactly what he intends to achieve. <br /> <br /> in fact, everything that made the first part of the treat, it was one month prior to this time, there is clearly still thin exciting performances from the main cast to a slow building, structured real battle scenes ?? the drama inherent in the characters on the screen as well as vague and indistinguishable, but with a feature such as this, the second part once again proves that the rejection of these elements does not necessarily hurt a movie if there's enough story and a reflection from the other elements to keep the viewer He engaged. In fact, while writing this review, I was in a quarrel over the fact that not just add a paragraph or two in my original review for the first part, and a review of the names on the whole, but I felt that to do so will only serve those frustrating, who can get to see the fullness of the two films in a row. <br /> <br /> With that said, I can not rightly rightly decree Do not Che to the problem of attracting audiences to its sprawling four o'clock plus run time, but when you view both segments I can at least demonstrate the ability each part to do so. With reflective, confusing scenario in conjunction with the infinitely fascinating photographs and performances nuances that do justice to the characters in the film, without attracting attention, Che Part of the second just as convincing and useful, like its predecessor, but this time with a tragic but uplifting, affirming a conclusion which is suitable for film history pages <br /> <br /> -. in review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
