The second part picks up ... not where the last film ended. Within the framework of a quasi-epic conventions 4+ hours events Steven Soderbergh's two Che story told as a classic "Rise" and "Fall" scenario. In the second part, Che Guevara, leaving his position as a bureaucrat in Cuba and after an unsuccessful attempt in Congo (mentioned only in passing in the film), goes down to Bolivia to try to start another revolution through the jungle-style, speech is not quite, as a well-planned, in general, probably because of the notorious growth of Che as a communist and revolutionary, and partly due to the participation of the American side of the Bolivian government, and, of course, that Castro WASN »t really around as a backup for Che. <br /> <br /> How is the second part of Che's sad, but in some ways wiser than the first part. Which makes sense, because Guevara should endure the low morale of his men, changed from the outside, permanent error, grunts and nearby farmers, and ultimately, fencing, a large military force. But what is even more unfortunate that Guevara, no matter what, do not give in. You can consider this as an incredible force or fatal flaw- can be both-, but it is also clear, as one begins to see Che, if not fully rounded, somehow a nice character. True, he killed, and killed, and felt justified in all the way. Still, she starts working for the viewer in the sense of the original level of self-pity; sequence, where Guevara's health is deteriorating without drugs, which leads to a shocking stabbing horse brand as one of the most memorable and satisfying any film this year. <br /> <br /> Again, Soderbergh's story team is strong when, on occasion, a bit sluggish (of course, because of the large time), as well as one or two scenes just feel totally awesome (Matt Damon?) but these minor obligations. Going this time to approach direct color camera, it's almost like a purely militia-style paintings of the war, told with great care for the men in the group, as well as Guevara as the Lord over this group, and how things are being depleted down the final scene. And as always, Del Toro is located on the top of his game in each scene, each knowing beat this guy, so it's good for better and worse-, it's about as close as possible to translate as much as possible. In general, these two parts make up a large package of Che: the story as a drama in the style of an exciting, good for the audience, even if they do not know Che, or better, if they do not think highly of him. It's special. 8.5 / 10
