Oddly enough, the most discussed in the American film festival in New York in 2008, 98% in Spanish. super-long controversy the film has begun to Cannes. Were notified love-hate, and considerable doubt commercial prospects. As a consolation star, Benicio Del Toro, won the award for best actor there. I'm talking about Steven Soderbergh's "Che," of course. This is the name he was going to this version, shown in New York in Cannes in two segments 2 hours plus without opening titles or end credits. "Che", of course, is appropriate, as Ernesto "Che" Guevara in almost every scene. Del Toro's impressive hanging safely through thick and thin, from the days of the glorious victory in the first of the month to a humiliating defeat in the second part, an attractive and Simpatico in all its various forms, even under the guise of the bald, graying man enter in Bolivia, This is a fantastic performance; one wishes it was better setting. <br /> <br /> If you are patient enough to sit through more than four hours with a break between the two sections, there are rewards. There is a genuine feeling in all - fortunately, Soderbergh decided to star in Spanish (although some of the actors, oddly enough, in the English segments especially wood). You get a good outline of what guerrilla Che style, was like: teaching, set Campesinos, morality, discipline, hardship and fighting - and the gradual morphing from a company doctor Che full duplex full military leader. Using the new 9-kilogram 35mm as RED "Digital high-performance camera", which only became available in time for filming included DP Peter Andrews and his team to create images that are a little cold, but sometimes still sing, and always sharp and smooth <br /> <br /> The film consists of two parts -. Soderbergh call them two "films" and plan to release it on the market as such. First is "The Argentine", which shows the direction of Che in the jungle and the city of the fighting that led to the fall of Havana in the late 50's, and the other is the "Guerrilla" and refers not place effort Che almost ten years later in Bolivia initiate a revolution fruitful mission that led to the capture and execution of Guevara in 1967, the second part was the original film and was written first, and I think the first shot. Producer Laura Bickford said that the second part of a thriller, while one part more of an action movie with big battle scenes. Yes, but both parts have a lot in common - too much - because the two spend most of their time following the guerrillas through rough country. Guerrilla depressant, since the absolute Bolivian revolt was condemned from the start. Cuban artist, who tried to lead it did not receive a warm welcome from the Bolivian Campesinos, suspected foreigners, and the thought of Cuban communists like wicked tyrants. There is a third part, a kind of festive black and white interval of Che speech at the United Nations in 1964, and an interview with him at the time, but it is between the cut in the first segment. The first part also has Fidel and much more optimistic, leading as it does to victory in Santa Clara in 1959, which led to the fall of the Batista dictatorship in Cuba. <br /> <br /> During the "Guerilla" I keep thinking about how it can really work as a quality European-style miniseries, which can start with a shortened version of "The Motorcycle Diaries" Salles and going to take us to the fateful meeting with Guevara Fidel in Mexico and recruitment in 26th of July movement. There may be a lot more of his many journeys and diplomatic missions. This is far from a complete picture of a person, his childhood interest in chess, his lifelong interest in poetry, books that he wrote; even his international fame only touched. And what about his harsh, cruel side? In fact that Soderbergh is most interested not in Che and the revolution, and guerrilla warfare. Lasting impression that the 4+ hours to leave it to slogging through the forest and the jungle of the wounded and sick men and women dedicated and idealistic cease arbitrary rich case. Someone mentioned reminiscent of Terrence Malick's "The Tin Red Line», and let, meandering, episodic fighting a similar approach; but "The Thin Red Line" has a stronger character (hardly anyone goes to strength besides Che), and it is a really good movie. That's impressive, but incomplete and ill-fated efforts. <br /> <br /> This 8-year-gestation, difficult to investigate a labor of love (how much more Ocean to come to pay for it?) Vanity Project, too long for a conventional theatrical distribution and too short for the miniseries. Radical editing - or a significant expansion - would make it somewhat more successful, and as it's a long tedious, especially in the second half <br /> <br /> It is understood that it could be cut off Thrust. down, although it is not clear what form the resulting film would be needed - but with a bit of luck it might be pretty good.
