Accurate passing all of the revolution in Cuba to his secret entry into Bolivia, the second part of Soderbergh's Che Guevara image is that a tragic hero. As Che ?? Part of the first, it is quite chaotic guerrilla war escapade through the scenic mountains of Bolivia, probably destined to disappoint more people than it will be to organize, why the film (and especially the performance of Benicio Del Toro) so loudly praised in Cannes? <br /> <br /> James Rocchi, for example, he called it a work of art that is "not just a story of a revolutionary," but "a revolution in and of itself.» The Guardian, Peter Bradshaw called it a "masterpiece of the shortcomings." I'm coming back to its original contention for the first part ?? that the value lies particularly in the figure of the hero. And in an age when there is an overabundance of characters poor role models, may not be beneficial to see a much honored, even if stripped of some of the less sweet episodes of his life? This is a psychological character embodied a great Scottish essayist Thomas, producing, in his seminal book, Heroes and Hero Worship. Characters can be real or imaginary (or somewhere in between). But if you really inspire us to a higher purpose, a higher purpose. Compare this with unrealistic "heroes" of the standard western speaking, if a person feels the trials and tribulations until almost believable rewarding ?? As a rule, eternal love or material wealth ?? as if by divine intervention studio. These characters have an excess of moral courage ?? Sun Lost Ark dare-devilishness or James Bond super-toys. They rise and give to others grow to be the best that they can be. In the first part of the Che is a success. In the second part, it fails. This is not because of moral courage, but because a) not all good plans can be successful, and b) to be a human, mistakes are inevitable. <br /> <br /> intellectual clarity Guevara spoiled when he equates the conditions that justify the armed struggle against the conditions that make that the armed struggle in a position to succeed. This is a serious miscalculation. <br /> <br /> In the mountains of La passes, breathtaking color. There is an air of authenticity mise en scene, which is sometimes lacking in Che - Part One (the US does not allow Soderbergh shoot in Cuba.) The visual treats are enhanced by maximizing the natural light and the ultimate in flexibility and realism offered with the innovative RED camera. This high-quality digital movie camera with a 35 mm film and the convenience of pure digital. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs only 9 pounds. "Shooting with red as hearing Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. «RED see, I see ... So naturally, so beautiful, that is tuned to the natural phenomenon ?? light. "If Che ceased with the successful Cuban revolution would be enveloped him with an almost mystical invincible. What he fails in Bolivia shows not only that he has human limitations, but that his moral values ​​that are remembered, not a political triumph. Critics say ?? and with some justification - that its armed struggle inspired far less noble characters to reach poor dictatorships. Its development tactics of guerrilla fighting is not good or bad in themselves (and has since been used for both). <br /> <br /> But for all its praiseworthiness, the film seems to be often lacking in dramatic tension and narrative. We stumble from one adventure to another, knowing that he would eventually meet his death. I found that looked at the clock and think that it might be shorter. But the work, which took place in this ?? interviews with people from all sides and even get one of his former comrades Guevara to coach actors on the details of the Bolivian operations ?? make the film a commendable achievement. This may not be a high-flying entertainment, but it demonstrates the integrity of a substantial piece of documenting history. <br /> <br /> There is also another very important point is the "hero" Che figure here. We are talking about failure. This is when you are trying everything possible, even if you do not, your efforts will not be wasted, because it can give others hope and moral courage. One could cynically call him a "martyr" complex, and it will be found, of course, many religious leaders as well. But Che did not "sacrifice" himself. He does what he does best, at least it is not inattentive ability, and therefore is a good example. Success or failure in any particular case, it is just details. <br /> <br /> With a long-standing and illegal US blockade of Cuba (all in the name of "freedom"), I would like to write that Che Part 1 and 2 are too good to be wasted on the US, but it was to invite the assertion that the film sought so earnestly to avoid. It is hoped that many viewers will have the skills to see Che without politics and bias that inevitably generates. Whatever was his shortcomings, he rehabilitates Soderbergh on populist nonsense Oceans 11. <br /> <br /> But if you have not heard of Che Guevara or seen part one, or if you can not get past the phrase "murderous Marxist" without foaming at the mouth, I would struggle to imagine that you get from this film. The same can be said of many who have, and can.
