Now, however, I am not an avid student of the genre. In fact, I tend to always shy away from Westerns, because, despite their critical cachet as a varietal history of America (or any other), they seem to me to turn in all the tedious retreads or "shoot up the Indians "," big firefight "or" Hey, let's form a posse! "in other words, it always seemed to me as a genre rooted in and tied to an agreement that he left very little room for surprise or originality. (And yes, I have seen at least some of the so-called "big men" and unforgivable blame them in this negative assessment - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine, and, of course, sad [but profoundly stupid] clint Eastwood -Sergio teamups Leone in the 60s) <br /> <br /> But when I saw this movie on TV - as part of the commemorative Jimmy Stewart weekend after his death - I finally got it :. I realized, at least in theory, that the Western myth has to offer as a serious topical absorption (away from all action and thrills). This push-pull between the illegality and order; American West represented freedom, but also the prospect of wild, indomitable. Respectable folk can get hurt out there. Which, of course, mean that there may be - can only be - it was not intended for respectable people, and that the only residents are to be immoral and quirky, those who dispensed justice strictly revolvers barrel, and where the kill or be killed will ever be the law of the land. In such circumstances, of course, the real heroes are those who are evil and free spirit enough to be there in the first place (and so reject the "society", at least as it appears on the east coast), and still have enough sense of justice, to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is simply not correct. Fishing and exploring the discrepancy between law and disorder in the main character himself, I think (after watching the film), the highest and the true purpose of any Western. Unfortunately, it is often not as white caps completely white, black, completely black (and let's not even start talking about the Indians, c) and have a valuable little shades of gray in between. <, Br /> <br /> Not this. Jimmy Stewart plays a blatant prediction hunter who goes after the miners in front of him in the wilderness of Alaska in prospect for gold. He is joined in this his lifelong friend, played by Walter Brennan (possibly Western cliché character, to put an end to them all - but nevertheless pleasant here, as always) - and no one else. Stressed they are for themselves, and while Stewart shows its patented charm (come, we could never really do not like the guy, and now can we?), We were left with little doubt that he was basically self-centered, very interested in nature : none of it, or "oh my gosh gee" humanism "Gosh" is not allowed to come through. Or, rather, it has to be earned by the end of the picture, in the way I described above. He must confront lawlessness in themselves, and weigh it against the need for order and justice, which are so clearly lacking in the border city, which serves as the starting point of the miners on their gold dust trail. This city is tightly controlled by his evil sheriff, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntyre in one of the best "bad guy" performances I've ever seen. He comes on with such charm and humor, and has such a relaxed and interesting contact with Stewart, he actually takes some time to recognize that it * is * a bad guy - so that when it finally sinks in, he does it with double force. In addition, the way to create the type of Breezy (if necessary protective) camaraderie between McIntyre and Stewart, the film plays with the notion of how they are similar in temperament, in fact - and as far as the moral distance Stewart should go to the end of the film. <br /> <br /> I will not go through all the twists beret - to see those for yourself (as well as reliable and beautiful landscapes of Alaska - filmed on the spot, mind you, not a cheap painted frames that the studio was). What is key here, as far as the story focuses on the character, with great dialogue and character interaction replaces shootout much of the time - although the film has just enough action and adventure to prevent it ever be static (read: «Talky»). Definitely one of the greatest performances I've seen from Stewart, showing he could play the traitor, "man to man" just as convincingly as upright and honest guy in the neighborhood. In any case, in fact, his "everyman" quality gives more power to it the characteristic that makes it seem less mythical or bloated - -like, say, Eastwood or John Wayne - and more three-dimensional character. His relationship with Brennan played well: understated, but still touching (with a weak supply of George and Lenny from "Of Mice and Men" - a very different type of "western») <br /> <br /> I am. certainly more westerns to see, but it now has for a loved one, and the measure by which I will judge all others. He deserves to be better known and understood than that.
