From the filmmakers who brought us March of the Penguins, I believe that he came with a lot of expectations and Fox child. From the harsh winter the South Pole in a gorgeous wilderness in France, the story is now becoming part documentary and part of the tale, which tells of the friendship between the two titular characters, by Renard fox and his friendship with a child who christened it plays Bertille Noel-Beuneau. <br /> <br /> story openly pretty simple, but sometimes this film would look like a lot of Japanese films in which children different animals strikers friendship after the development of trust, and as they walk to stick to each other when dealing with relevant competitors and the like. Here the child meets elegant fox near their home in the mountains, which provide a lot of beautiful photo postcard perfect shots that an operator would have to go into overdrive to capture. <br /> <br /> But while we indulge in wistful scenery, the characters do not get to set the level of trust from the very beginning, and we have to wait a few seasons in the past and 45 minutes into the film, before they equalizers found in food. The child tries hard to hitting the link in order to curb the creatures for her own amusement, but the fox, well, like other concepts, of course. While I thought the story was pretty weak, in contrast to the March of the Penguins, which is that the interpretation of the human story of what is happening on the screen, what took priority here has been documented elements of the film, tracing the life and times of a fox and both predator and prey. <br /> <br /> Between the two, more tension and drama were given the last, especially when it comes to traditional enemies, like wolves, and have given these sequences were quite intense, especially if the child has been involved in it. Otherwise, it was smooth and pretty boring, as the two of them go about their play with each other, in frames, you know, have undergone some changes in the magic of the film. Were surprisingly dark moments in the film, which was not really suitable for children, in the same hall, witnessed by his roaring their eyes suddenly, so that parents can take note and do not let your baby to disturb the rest of the movie lovers. <br /> <br /> in the movie, I would prefer it to be fully documented ala March of the Penguins, but I think, as it is resented, probably was meant to warn us not to meddle with nature, and that some things are just should not be, and should remain so. Decent movie that was based on the power of chemistry between Bertille Noel- Bruno and many foxes who played Renard.
