The Fox and the Child's latest film from March filmmaker Luc Jacquet's penguins Frenchman. The film, which boasts only one person in the cast, the young actress Bertilla Noel Bruno, tells about quite rare, although it would seem plausible relationship between the child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> part-documentaries about nature, and part fairy tale, the film focuses on L'Infant, child who is on his way to school one day comes across in the way of a wild fox in a beautiful place, perhaps France, although the exact location never mentioned. Over the coming weeks the child will review place where she found her fox the hope that one of these days she will see, said the fox, who she begins calling Lily again. And so on. Days turn to weeks, and then the summer fades, turning to fall and then winter, promting some lovely cinematography deployed, white winter landscape. After all, spring comes around again, and a young child finds her fox, and whether or not to make friends with the animals. And so on. <br /> <br /> I was little, without waiting for the fox and the child. I saw penguins March and was just in awe at the film industry contained in this film. Luc Jacquet is extremely talented, and really rare director, and I was waiting for some wonderful, breathtaking cinematography, broad prospects and brilliant shots of wildlife. It was delivered in spades. But then, Jacques has a screen of letters credit, and anything about the film before the screening, not knowing I was expecting something a little different than what had previously been seen in the "Martha". A fictional story. <br /> <br /> A child and a fox A story is simple. Young, seemingly lonely child lives in a house in the middle of nowhere and goes to school, it would seem, at her every day, seemingly without a care in the seemingly perfect world. Without a hint of an adult in sight. Brilliant. Thus, it makes friends with fox. <br /> <br /> In a film like this, you have to fire up their own minds about the film and put yourself in your target audience. This film, which is aimed directly at children between the ages of, I would say, six or higher. Or families who fancy the trip to the cinema with their breed one wet Sunday afternoon. Not 31-year-old man who gets pleasure from films such as the recent, brilliant sought and the like. But I, as a newcomer to the London critic, I put myself in the place of an excited eight-year-old girl is 95 minutes or so the fox and the child. Now I have a few problems with this film. The 31-year-old man, and a true lover of all things cinematic, I loved the wildlife and landscape photography. It is visually stunning. Direction of animal characters brilliantly executed - as good as you'll find in any of the effort Attenborough. As sensibility, short attention spans eight years, I loved the first half an hour - then I lost interest. It's a little repetitive in places and quite harrowing and bloody scary for young children, in particular, it is quite dark end. The 31-year-old man - I was a little scared in places. Weakling. <br /> <br /> So, it is not a movie baby. It's not quite an adult movie, and I felt a little let down. This is a good family film. It Depends. It can be educational, and the film carries a message. It's definitely not a film that I paid hard-earned green to go see, and I racked my brains to try and recommend it to a specific type of film goer. It's hard, but I know that some of them will go to see and fall in love with this movie. It's very European in feel and, of course, if you're a fan of wildlife themed movie, give it a try. Unsure? Well, I would wait for the DVD to a wet Sunday afternoon at the. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
