I really wanted to love this movie, and I do not think I was terribly disappointed. As a teacher of American history, I felt an obligation, almost, to see this film and how the story went, it was not bad. Of course, there were a few mistakes here and there (especially with the schedule - the film appeared only last a few months or perhaps a year - no more than six years of actual combat), but the general spirit of the film and the battle sequences were excellent. Unfortunately, the film also included a rather nonsensical plot involving hard to believe a romance between a poor patriot and wealthy loyalists. For the most part, it does serve to distract from the overall plot and just seemed "tacked on" - as a plot device in place of a real honest to goodness romance. In fact, a large part of the novel were as dumb cliché "love fist glance," it was kind of annoying, the more I think about it. <br /> <br /> However, in spite of this novel, the film is really interesting and inspiring --- plus, in many ways, it seems as if much later film, a patriot, was copied from the movie Griffith! !! Both films follow the exploits of the evil leader of the fight for the British and using terrible and evil tactics against civilians - and both have a secret intention of using it as a "springboard" to launch their people in America !!! The only significant difference is that the film is set in the north and patriot was in Carolina. It sure would be nice if Mel Gibson and others have recognized their debt to Griffith story ideas. It just does not seem that it is likely that these two stories were created independently of one another <br /> <br /> PS -. Although I like this film and some other films of Griffith, he deserves to have more time to "burn in hell" for his having white actors portray all black servant in the film is sick and fanatical thing that Griffith made in so many of his movies -. especially in the birth of the nation I have to believe on the basis of this and the way it reflects the Blacks, he was a-OK with slavery and was completely apologist of this "ingenious institution" (do not be mad at me - it means as sarcasm ).
