This exciting tacky'n'trashy distaff "Death Wish" copy star lush and exceptionally well secured brunette babe higher Karin Mani, Billy Clarke, top-notch martial arts fighter and one woman wrecking crew, which opens a huge ten-gallon drum malicious chopsocky whup-a ** in no sort of counting scuzzy robbers, rapists, drug dealers and members of a street gang, after some unpleasant low-life criminals attack their favorite great father. Stunningly sensual Ms. Mani sinks her teeth Feel butt stomp tough chick of the triumph of passionate aplomb, winning jerky guy with an infectious joy and exposing it to smoke BCI in several completely gratuitous, but valued the nude scenes. Unfortunately, Mani is extremely irritating chewing on-marble harsh and strident voice, that this apparent murder on the ears (my favorite moment regarding questionable deliveries Mani her dialogue is when she smiles, "Do not mess with the girls in the park, it is not good! "after mashing a few despicable bullies. only the next film role attraction Karin was in the" punitive Angel ", in which she makes a really terrible full frontal nude scenes, but does not have any lines.) film most sensational sloppy sequence vysvya tlyaetstsa when Mani gets briefly jailed for contempt of court charge and shows it is much significant material group prison shower scene. Of course, lascivious lesbian assistant Mani cell tries to seduce her just to achieve its unwanted rejected with severe Beatdown! Ironically, lesbian forgive Mani and becomes her best friend while she is behind bars. Given the additional galvanizing shot at vigorously penetrating rough'n'ready hands on the direction of Edward Victor, funky-Rockin 'accounts, lovingly plump, acting on the game (if lame) throw, constant pace of living, many pull-out-all stops -The exciting action scenes and the rough picture of Howard Anderson III of, this is a very nice operation down'n'dirty mine is very important viewing for hardcore fans carefree low-grade low-budget Grindhouse movie trash.
