In 1930, Europe had a real shock when Luis Buñuel "LAzh Dor" was released, causing riots in Paris when on the screen there, with the result that it was banned for something like forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe was received from the shock, she turned back to his ear with a «Ekstase», Symphony (varieties of) love. The film starred a young, unknown German actress named Hedwig Kiesler, who would later change his name to Hedy Lamarr, when she moved to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler, like Eve, a young bride who had just married a cold, distant unloved husband (actor Emil Jerman), only to discover that she had made a big mistake. One divorce later, Eve free and fancy free, and is one day, swimming naked in the lake when she discovers Adam, a handsome, young engineer (played by Aribert Could), which takes real liked it (she, it). After a wild night of passion, the former husband of Eve is again hoping to win Eve ago, only to find he now has a rival. I will not spoil what happens. Czech director, Mahato (who directed the original film adaptation of "Madame X», another parable in a romantic obsession) directs from a screenplay by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek slides and Machaty, from the novel by Robert Gorki. velvety cinematography of the film (which reminded me of the Avant Garde photographer, photography Man Rey era that goes to some impressionistic use of light and shadow, a lot) is Hans and John Endroshina Stallich). busy editing the film is Antonina green fodder and art direction of the film, which is on a beautiful, almost Art Deco look is Bohumil H). If I have any strangeness about this film is the score by Giuseppe Beccia that goes on over the top, melodramatic feel to it, which gets old fast (some themes are repeated over and over again, wear is welcome, quickly --- like some David Lean of the use of certain musical themes, especially in "Lawrence of Arabia" and «Dr.Zhivago»). A few years ago, completely new restored print was made of the best raw material fused from different European existing publications available, restoring it to the point that it is possible the closest version of what it originally looked like before the Vatican denounced it as " decadent "(yes, yes ... as the Church had never done anything wrong), and Hayes office cut it into pieces when it was released in the US in 1936, in" Hayes Bureau "approved the cut (as well). Minimal dialogue in German with subtitles in English ( This was supposed to be mainly visual experience.) Not rated, but contains that famous nude skinny dipping scene on Hedy Lamarr (tasteful, mind you) and some suggestions of sexual content (the same way), it is unlikely to earn the rating PG -13, at the moment. It is necessary to see if you have any interest at the beginning of European cinema, or Avant Garde / Experimental film
