I can not comment on this film without discussing its meaning for me personally. As a child in poor health prevented me from ever in the movie. I first encountered the film at the end of the Second World War by Roger Manvilles Splendid Penguin books «Film», which brought me so much pleasure as my health began to improve, I would like to buy another copy to reread today. My acquaintance with a number of classic films such as Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (wonderful documentary Grierson in), Metropolis, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari and ecstasy; first came across this book, and then at my university art-house cinema. Ecstasy suffered Vatican anger, for connivance desertion Eve Emile, her subsequent divorce, and short swimming she took naked, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial questions and discuss the film as a triumphal, extraordinarily beautiful, visual ode to love - this view is shared by many users of IMDb. A very lonely young man, when I saw him, I readily agreed. Barely another opportunity to see Ecstasy have arisen before the introduction of home video - it has become a cherished memory not bother at that time. Just recently, I finally Ecstasy added to my collection of home movies and found that this assessment is very superficial. Ecstasy more parable of the continuity of human existence, against which man lives irrelevant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw in his aggressively agnostic products are used for the term 'The Lifeforce. <br /> <br /> Ecstasy reflects young bride married to a middle-aged man whose sex urge is no longer strong. Disappointed, she returned home and divorcing him. Soon after, she feels a strong mutual attraction to the young brave man, whom she meets while riding with. She makes love for the first time, and this is the preferred experience. Her ex-husband could not face rejection and gives the young man a ride in his car, meaning that the train passes will kill them both at level crossings. But the train stops time and, apparently, the driver is taken ill wake up in a nearby hotel, where he later committed suicide by shooting himself. After these exciting menopausal sequences, soft, predictable and almost inevitably ending emphasizes that while the individual lives of exposure as the joy and tragedy, all together life continues to bear all of us forward in the stream, and just a way of contributing to this flow, we we can be truly happy. This story is banal, acting is not more than enough; and usually such a film would disappear in the trash, like most of his contemporaries, for a long time. What gave him the ecstasy of classic status is an exceptional film, a lyrical account of continuous and very carefully loving direction, combined with something random, but in a cinematic point of view is very important - it came immediately after the introduction of sound and probably planned as a dumb film. This subtitle and its director used the influence of short verbal sequences that accompany some of the sub-titles, and sometimes breaks down in the bill, which is so lovingly carries the film forward. This makes it not only almost unique, but extremely useful for viewing. The parable of the story emphasizes the time, but so subtly that only upon reflection after viewing can become fully aware of this. For example, the names - Adam and Eve; compulsive behavior Emile on their wedding night, which shows that triviata become the most important in his life and his eventual suicide of the predicate, since it does not have adequate targets to maintain it; continuing series beautiful sequences which show the erotic imagery (bee pollinating a flower, the lock key input destructive necklace in virgin sequence Lovemaking Eve with Adam, etc.); and the final sequence after the suicide, which could be removed in different ways, but they serve to praise the value of individuals performing certain types of work, which have a positive impact on society, as well as the creation of a new life, to maintain this society after we tell myself. <br /> <br /> In 1933, a film that I would rate it 9 - even comparing it to modern works, I would not reduce it below 8. For me, this film will always remain a "must see", (although you I can feel that my background comments above indicate some shortcomings in this judgment). Unfortunately, in North America, current estimates of the film have been distorted by extreme 1930s a reaction to very short and relatively insignificant nude scene Hedy Kiesler, she was difficult to live down in Hollywood (some critics, who clearly did not see such classic films as hypocrites, hula Back to God's Country, bird of Paradise, or some of the early works of DW Griffiths and CB Demi, even mistakenly referred to this as the first appearance of a naked actress in a feature film). This scene was probably part of the original novel and the film would be very little different when the director was chosen to rewrite it <br /> <br /> Two further thoughts. First, a Czech film, released in 1933, there is your final message to the hard work of generating positive benefits for society, it must have seemed very superficial viewers, when a few years, their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression and was nearly destroyed for at least two generations (I do not remember these sequences are screened only after the war, when I first saw this film - they were removed from the copy I saw then?). Second for me its main message today is that thing real beauty is often very transient, even if their memory may stay with a friend for life. We should all be grateful that today, some of them can be captured on camera and look again at our convenience.
