I can understand how the fans of director Roman Polanski may love this movie and I can understand how some of them can completely hate him (Ebert was one of the few who could not understand why people do not run out of the theater). After the first show, I'm not sure that I could fall into either category, but as someone who can not get enough of Kafka and strange dark comedy paranoia Tenant effective enough for its duration. Or maybe, not- is one of those cases where it might be a masterpiece if it was a half-hour episode of Twilight Zone, with Serling delivery codes Terkovsky (or to whom it may be (?)) Korch his bed in bandages. This is similar to the treatment of the convict hero as repulsion was, however, one could argue that there is more ambiguity, more of a feeling of surreal character goes through steady disintegration and localization (and, frankly, better. Lead-free performance) than the Tenant <br /> < br /> today, the Tenant does have an intriguing premise, the kind that one bus is not speaking about other people: Polanski is a Polish immigrant in Paris, which takes the apartment, which was recently acquired quite Simone Choule, which jumped to its close erts from the window and died shortly thereafter. But the rest of the inhabitants are conserved to the maximum in terms of noise; after Saturday night's Terkovsky with a few friends, there are complaints about too much noise. It will not happen again, Polanski good-natured, but a little nervous tenant says, but there is no peace, even in the cabinet or chair movement. Soon complaints registered against another tenant, but from him? If he could register a complaint? It's not so much of mistaken identity, but there might be no peace with yourself and the people around them. As the downward spiral continues, Polanski ratchet tension (and, dare I say, black-comedy laughter) showing Terkovsky the midst of a terrible dream, one of the most powerful scenes from Polanski period- and to find teeth in the wall, not to mention the bathroom across the road (which, I might add, always cinematic Lynch-pin horror and surreal madness). <br /> <br /> But somehow, the film never really feels all that essential aspects of its over-design as a potential mind f *** machine with tenants Terkovsky only seeming not be what they seem for some time: there is not much suspense, when they learn that they do not really have to get it, making a self-paranoia. At least once or twice I thought to myself, and "why Polanski to take a leading role for itself? It does not mean that he is not a bad actor, and he appeared in several films and plays, which are not of is its own direction. However, aside from the large to find uncomfortable and tense, like a church, or in short a kind of flipping, if he thinks that they are in fact, to get him to kill himself, his less awful transformation than insincere, test yourself to see if he can pull it off, he was not quite done. Despite Palanga ki work on it is good to look meek and exhausted Terkovsky, I could see at least a couple of other actors who could pull it off with greater subtlety and affecting the face. By the time one see him in clothes, it is worthy to crawl between and true camp, especially when it comes to a climax at the end of the double (which, of course, is of little surprise). <br /> <br /> and there is still a treat for movie-buff and fan of Polanski see the supporting cast to try and dig in a far more ambiguous character (Winters and Douglas make it the best, even if they have to strain through a limited marks), and unexpected moments, like Polanski and Adjani become hot and heavy during the film Bruce Lee, or if it gets really drunk, or in a nearly random scene where he slaps a child next to the fountain, quite brilliant in their own right. This is a very good film, and one that could possibly stick to my attention, if too much coffee after midnight. But a substantial movie? Not exactly.
