One thing I am sure everyone who saw the film agree that it is very scary. Other films in an informal trilogy Polanski are horrible too, but they are all different that makes them terrible, but they are about to deal with one and the same thing, they all deal with the mind. Definitely people are very vigilant terrible, every one of them shivers down your spine that made me unable to sit. Again, if you've seen those other two films, I'm sure you'll find it's pretty terrible, because you start to expect the typical features of Polanski, what do you think you have caught on, he knows it and will keep teasing you with simple things personally each time would slowly encircles Trelkovsky I would bracing himself for the jump, maybe it's just me, but he felt he was going to do it, although it was pretty thin, not to build from the music in those moments. <br /> <br /> This action was quite good, mainly that with Polanski, of course, the other characters in the movie is not all that much time to outshine the lead. Polanski really prove himself as a great all-round film-maker, he can not only manage and write great movies, but he really can act too. I do not think there is any other person the best that could have pulled off the character Trelkovsky, Polanski settled directly on perfection. I like to see movies where the director is also in addition to the main cast, I really emphasizes its fantastic flexibility and talent that I respect a lot. <br /> <br /> One thing I do not like this film as it was done in English. For those who do not know, it's a French film, funded by the US, as well as to make it more commercially successful it has been done mainly in English. There is a part of, it is very obvious, there was dubbing, and I do not know why it is, but 3/4 of the time, when there is the dub, they are not full of the kind of person to do the dubbing. There is a woman in the film, which, when it says that it is obvious that this is the dubbing, but they got the most annoying person to do voice-serious pain has ears to hear her voice, she had a loud high-pitched voice pitch I heard at the time, it almost seemed fake, but I do not see what the point was, it was quite small in nature. I honestly would have preferred if they had left him, he was shot, his part in French and part in English, because the dubbing in this film was the pain and was not there (two completely different films, I know ) a high level of another movie that did a similar thing, which was, The Good, the bad and the Ugly. I understand that this is not a big problem, but if you understand it, it gets annoying, but I'm sure you will not sit there for a long time trying to lip read what they actually say, no matter if you know French. <, Br /> <br /> What's so special Polanski that he will let you think you know it, you know his style, which in some aspects that you do, but in reality, you can not see what's behind this angle. This film is much more open to interpretation than in the other two films mentioned, which I think really enhances this in particular. I personally believe that this is the best of the three, I'm not sure that is going on, but they are all pretty similar in terms of greatness. The ending is fantastic, it is so easily depleted on it for a long time and not getting anywhere. I choose not to think much about it, just to have his own opinion, and leave it at that. <br /> <br /> I'm rambling, and I do not really give a clue about what makes this movie so great, I do not think so I quickly do it here. If you like Repulsion and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee you will enjoy this film, to say the least. For those who are too bored to have seen anything, then I recommend you check out this movie, if your looking for something that is pretty awful film, which is pretty reasonable, especially at the end, and if your looking for something that has to do with the mind, paranoid, even though it is better equipped for the repulsion.
