Here is an example of the film which was not well received when it was made, but whose position seems to increase the time. "Lessee" pretty interesting job Polanski, one of his first European emigration. It is located in Paris, and, as in many other films exiles city, its streets, especially in September and the building in which the action takes place, play an important role. It's just that Polanski chooses the main character is not to be an American (as in "wild", for example), but the Poles, as well as himself, going west. There is actually a lot of personal comment in this film, made on what should have been a time of crisis in the director's life, and the fact that he decided to play a leading role (and does so brilliantly) can also be seen as some kind of exorcism. <br /> <br /> It's so circular story. Character named Trelkovsky rents an apartment in an old Parisian building that is inhabited, that seems to be the first team is well sorted grumpy old man or just funny neighbors. Previous tenant tried to kill himself by jumping from the window of the apartment, and Trelkovsky only has time to visit her in the hospital before she died, and met her young and beautiful Stella friend (and spectacled Isabelle Adjani in his first role after Trjuffo 'L'Histoire d'Adele H.'). Soon the neighbors do not seem to be what they are, this is a conspiracy to make him mad, or get him to enter into life, and the role of the dead girl. He struggles, tries to escape, comes into play and ends in a circle, and it becomes gradually. Circle. <br /> <br /> This is not the most believable story, we may have seen or heard, but the strength of the film does not live in this story, but in the details of psychology, in the slow degradation of the mental state of the characters in a constant balancing game between reality and mistake . To some extent, this is not what happens on the screen, that is important, but, as it happens, reminiscent of the classic "Knife in the Water" made more than ten years before the end of the period of the Polish Polanski. There are many details that have never been explained, but it is a mystery how movies should be, and this is actually how life is sometimes. claustrophobic feeling of slowly infects the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphic details in the latter part of the film is not well made and English spoken dialogue (the film was made in English) almost neutralize the overall atmosphere. However, it is waiting for the final blow to the stage well worth the patience. <br /> <br /> This is not the best movie that made Polanski, but there are many good parts, he shows his hand and style director, and was a significant step in building their careers.
