Anthony Mann westerns with Jimmy Stewart slowly gaining for this director position with John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best director in the genre. He certainly knows how to give a measurement of a good guy Stewart - movies Mann has a rib Jimmy slowly showed the audience. The Winchester 73, this ratio Stuart to his brother, and he spins it into a figure of vengeance. Here it is, "I trust only myself" attitude, which leads to a complication of one after another. Even before the film begins to correct it (as Jeff Webster) kills two of his hired cowboys who helped on the cattle drive to Seattle because of some dispute (we are never clear about this - or they wanted to keep the animal drive, or they tried to steal livestock) <br /> <br /> he meets his match in Skagway, the port it must reach in order to take. his flock in Dawson. Skagveya Boss is the so-called law of people named Gannon (John Makintay ) Resembles the real boss in Skagway "gold rush" of Jefferson "Soapy" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bing would get the same run as Gannon in the conversion of all the possibilities in the chance to earn . money flock Stewart broke a public hanging - so (as a penalty fine) herd confiscated (to be sold later for a profit Gannon) <br /> <br /> Stewart is a partner with Ben (Walter Brennan -. which oddly won his last Oscar plays judge Roy Bean). They also joined Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen), as well as to meet two women, refined Rondo Castle (Ruth Roman), and Renee's friendly Wallonia (Corinne Calvert). Rondo works in close collaboration with Gannon, but Jeff helped earlier to escape the authorities in Seattle. However, it has the same "I trust only myself" attitude toward Jeff. It does offer him a job, to get the material for themselves in Dawson. He, Ben and Rube to go, but at night (while others sleep), they come back and steal back the animal. Renee stands and warns them that Gannon and his colleagues followed. Jeff Gannon takes quite a long time, a herd of cattle that will be displayed at the Canadian border, but Gannon points out that, as Jeff has to go back through Skagway Gannon can wait until he does to hang it. <br /> <br /> reunited party Rondo and Jeff split the path to take to Dawson, Jeff chooses a longer and safer route. After he was right, they walk in his footsteps and reach Dawson only to find that wickedness was there an element of danger to society in connection with the mines. Herd sold Rondo and Jeff, Ben, redneck, and Renee start exploration. There are two groups soon in the city of Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson wants to build a decent city. But the Mounties will be establishment of the station in Dawson for a few months. Another centering around "dancehall" controls Rondo, colluding with Gannon, which has a broad circuit of claim jumping using its gang shooters (Robert J. Wilk - really scary in one sequence with Chubby Johnson and J. C. Flippen, Al jack, and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to stay away from both of them, and his head with his new wealth and Ben on the ranch they wanted in Utah. But will they get there? And Jeff will remain neutral? <br /> <br /> The performances dandy here, including Stewart, as a man who is ready to face all comers, but otherwise is fairly calm. Brennan plays one of his patented old codgers, whose love for good coffee is surprisingly bad results. Flippen is drunk in the first, but the tragedy and responsibility shake it in a better mood - and one who has a chance to strike at the heart of Stuart verbally, using his own words against him Stewart. McIntyre would achieve stardom on television in the train replacement Ward Bond, but his work in the film Mann show their abilities as a villain (for example, its trading post opportunist who Outsmarts themselves in Winchester 73). He is said elsewhere on this subject, in fact, mean-spirited - but he has a sense of humor. An interesting mix of Roman and opportunistic people, whose fate is determined by its the best feeling. And Calvert is the voice of conscience and the border «Gigi» know that she is more than a young girl, but hopefully a woman <br /> <br /> The best thing is the backdrop of the Canadian Rockies -., How beautiful in its own way as the use of Monument Valley John Ford. Mann has certainly done first job directing this film speed, and the audience will evaluate the results.
