Basically it is a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). She takes an instant liking to Jeff in a brief meeting on the deck Skagway, and a long look as he hides in his cabin, and authorities are looking for him on a charge of murder. They know that they have something in common, except for attracting animals. Neither trusts the member of the opposite sex, apparently, because both were married to spouses who cheated on them. Gradually they learn to trust each other as they travel from Skagway to Dawson. But Rondo clearly has a close relationship with the corrupt sheriff Gannon and involved in some questionable practices in her castle in the cabin Skagway. In the end, she has to decide between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, naïve young French woman also takes immediate liking to Jeff, but receives only offensive brush off instead. Nevertheless, it remains with him in his travels from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Along with Rondo, she nurses him back to health after Jeff Gannon left to die by the arrows on it a gold claim. Walter Brennan as Ben, is a long time buddy Jeff. It does not have a meaty role, but serves to soften the sharp corners of Jeff. His death is symbolically opens the door to replace the female companion for Jeff. <br /> <br /> John McIntyre (as Sheriff Gannon) makes probably the most charismatic city of the wicked boss that you will ever see on film, exuding charm and humor to keep pace with his abuse. It is clear that he sees something of himself in Jeff, repeatedly stating that he was going to like it. He makes a plausible incarnation of the infamous soap Smith, who spent his last years in Skagway as one of the main crooks of his time. <br /> <br /> Jeff is the quintessential anti-hero, a loner (except companion Ben), who does not want to push his neck to the other, even if he knows that this is one right person for the job. In this regard, it closely resemble the iconic Burt Lancaster in "Veracruz", for example. Thus, Jeff not only turn down the job Marshall Dawson, he was convinced to leave Dawson after Gannon gang move with clear intentions to take on all this is not enough legal claim on gold, while the disposal of some miners and assuming that everyone else is doing a hasty exit with Dawson. Even Ronda believes she and Jeff to make a hasty exit from Dawson, while they are still alive. Then, Jeff has a sudden change of heart, apparently, still nursing a desire to avenge the shooting of Ben himself. He changed from anti-hero to hero in a leading exile Gannon gang from Dawson. In this respect it is different from the nature of Lancaster, who never reform (but Jeff has really changed, or simply handing out to avenge the wrongs committed against their own interests?) <br /> <br /> The main problem I see with this story 2 the principle of women. Obviously, Ronde care as the right of women to tame Jeff. Despite the fact that it is clearly characterized as "bad" girl, Jeff has a checkered recent history themselves by shooting at least 5 people in the US or the Yukon, and stealing cattle back to Gannon. Ironically, shortly after Jeff varies from anti-hero character, Rhonda makes such a change in the management of the street, to warn of an impending ambush Jeff Gannon. She died as a result and Jeff asks her why she did not just look out for yourself (it supposedly simply abandoned faith!). <br /> <br /> It is understood that Corinne Calvert, like Rene, just does not make a reliable substitute for the dead Rondo, as Jeff. However, apparently the result of dividing the scenes is that they come together, although Jeff never explicitly gives her a kiss or a hug. Her image is as good as a naive young woman a few compromised his work in the cabin Ronde bumping miners weighing of gold dust, dust repelling spilled on the floor and restore it later. I am also very wishy-washy about her relationship with Rube Morris, the average age of the miners, the followers of it around and working with her lawsuit. (He did not her parents). <br /> <br /> Another problem is the amateurish handling weapons fight between Jeff and the gang Gannon. If Gannon had any skill at all with a gun, he had to kill or seriously injured Jeff under this plank, before Jeff did the same with him. And how much jumped right hand Jeff suddenly becomes well enough to shoot a gun with apparent ease? I also wonder what Jeff and friends do to help rescue the avalanche victims. They were too far away to get them out alive from under the snow. And why do not the majority of the pack horses and mules Rondo also covered with an avalanche? <br /> <br /> You see a lot, probably nameless but familiar faces among the miners and Gannon gang. Sequences shot in Canadian Rocky Mountains provide a spectacular backdrop for the action. All-in-all, a very interesting western, with most of the major drawbacks that are concentrated in the end. Without a doubt, this movie has some great liberties with history and geography, especially of the passes in the Canadian Yukon, which was actually much tamer than the US Skagway.
