Riveting drama, scripted by William Mastrozimon based on his play, in which Farrah Fawcett plays Marjorie, attacked in his car rapist Joe (James Russo). She manages to escape, but the police informed her that there is nothing that they can do. She understands, however, that Joe did get her purse, and he knows where she lives. If its residents Pat (Alfre Woodard) and Terry (Diana Scarwid) is excluded at work, Joe to pay her a visit in order to finish what he started. After Joe demeans and degrades it in various forms, she gets a chance to strike back at him and puts him. Knowing full well that it is in another, "his word against your" situation, and that no rape is not technically happened, she has no intention of taking it easy on him, until he recognized Pat and Terry that his intentions were. <br /> <br /> the film ultimately comes down to a showdown between the two rivals. As is, Marjorie shows such ruthlessness that one should be surprised if it does not become as sad as her nemesis. Fawcett makes quite a commendable job, while Rousseau's really wonderful how lecherous creep, which is doing everything possible to manipulate the situation. With only two characters on screen for most of the running time, the film has an intimate character, which suggests that it will work even better on stage. Director Robert M. Young does not shy away from the ugly and more exploitative elements of the situation; the film does get uncomfortable to watch at times. And until then, Marjorie top, everything changes so that it will no longer be so easy to encourage her to go on the blood, and one hopes that a patent may force her to see "reason. <br /> <br /> limbs "I felt that was a very good movie, at least, maintain interest and a fairly high level of intensity. Woodard and Scarwid both penalties in the support (Scarwid has a great time when Terry reveals himself to be a victim of rape), and the pace is consistent. Of course, dialogue is not always very sharp, but the material is convincing every step of the way. <br /> <br /> 8/10
