Certainly is a disturbing but riveting film adaptation of the play by William Mastriosimone (who adapted his own play on the screen) of a woman who attacked her car overnight on the potential rapist on the way home and horrified when she realizes that the man I got my purse and he knows where she lives. After her roommates go to work the next day, the guy appears in my house and tried to rape her. The story takes a surprising turn when at one point, the woman turns the tables on the man, and able to overpower him; but when she realizes that there is no way that the attempted rape can be shown, and the person is arrested, he will just go out, she decides to leave him prisoner in the house until she can not take from it a confession. Far-fetched? Maybe. Disturbing? Definitely, but there are surprisingly claustrophobic feeling about this film, especially in the middle of the only woman and her attacker, you can not help but to feel fully part of what's going on. I did not see a play on Broadway, but I have a piece like this works best on stage, but this does not make the film any less riveting experience. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses to make the role on Broadway, was awarded the Marjorie role in the film version and provides a tight and deeply moving work as a victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics have found work Fawcett to be on the same note, but for me, Marjorie woman completely stunned by what she went through, and work performance for me. James Russo, in the performance of his career, is the mucosa and alarming as a potential rapist who finds Marjorie much more difficult task than he had anticipated. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid roles as neighbors Marjorie room who come home after Marjorie defeated man and tied him up and stuffed them in the fireplace upon their arrival. And it is the arrival of roommates who have a history to an unexpected level, because they did not see what we saw Marjorie walk and therefore think that it should call the police and allow them to deal with the guy. Not for the faint of heart, but if you can stand it, immersive cinematic experience anchored lead performance that will surprise you.
