This review owes its existence solely to the review. We take a weekly television magazine to see what comes up, and properly decide what we are going to look. Helpfully, there are brief overviews of most of the films scheduled to be shown on the five main terrestrial channels. In addition to prose, every movie is released rating of 1-5 stars. 5 is not miss (superior to 4 Excellent!), Up to 1 standing for the poor. We have learned from extensive experience that, with rare exceptions, the stars are awarded for gross taste, foul language, offensive content, promiscuity, horror, blood and guts, and especially kills the hero / heroine only when it was all about how to live a long time happily ever after. (If this is not done, the film defamation as "predictable" - the worst insult imaginable) <br /> <br /> amazing new Girls were given only one star, thus suggesting that he was a candidate worthy of our time and attention. This was confirmed by the reviewer described the film as being "really horrible story," and "stupid, just stupid." We have seen this, and my wife and I was glad that we did it. TV magazine reviewer also said that the film "is not remake of War and Peace", to which we must accept. Reading the reviews IMDb for this title in a day or two later, the desire to pick up my pen (so to speak) to add a negligible amount (expressed harf'pen'uth (accent on the first syllable), for the uninitiated) became predominant. <br /> <br /> Why do we have in this film? Well, it's just a matter of taste. we like attractive characters, believable relationships between them, interesting situations, courtesy and respect, good wins over evil, and so on. We have to like integrity and person Holly (Lindsey Haun), her mother (Virginia Madsen), Ditsy (Barbara Mamaboli), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joanne Boland) and two male professors who are involved in this story. So if the story line includes "Wicked Witch of the West" in the form of Angela (Barbara Mamabola), provided that it plays a role with some conviction. We appreciated the friendship drawn between the two roommates, one having the material impugned education loving single mom, and others They have all the material advantages, but getting a bit bats ovsky time and love. Is it any wonder that Ditz felt as she did about her mother Holly? Is it any wonder that Grant should take a direct interest in the Hall, considering the manner of their first meeting, dazzling smiles Holly and her lively temper? I think these issues and events is plausible, but it is necessary to pretend that science and other circumstances are realistic for the story to make a difference. <br /> <br /> My wife and I are very blessed without having any significant musical education. This allows us to enjoy the sounds made by instruments and voices, without our critical faculties intruding excessively on our listening, and thus spoiling the experience. We enjoyed both the classical pieces and pop that came over well on television, and we were not impressed by any lack of talent. In addition, it did not matter that the classical vocals Holly were dubbed by someone else. <br /> <br /> We enjoyed the movie enough to see on DVD. The average price of delivery, we paid for the drive for movies in our collection currently stands at £ 4.9484 (rounded to four decimal places). Brave New Girl was available from a reliable supplier in the Amazon Marketplace for £ 1.3516 (rounded to four decimal places) above that figure. Such a purchase increase the average. Why should I be offended is a mystery to me, but it is evidence of our enjoyment of this movie, which we have placed an order anyway. I sentenced this movie IMDb 7 stars out of ten, one being docked for receiving overenthusiastic audience performances, one for Britney advertising and one for something else I can not remember right now. (If it did not fall, this review is a hymn in honor of the use of parentheses!)
