(SPOILERS In the first paragraph), the anti-German sentiment of the film seems to be hurt by now, but it is a brilliant example of a great military propaganda time. This was done because, when DeMille was still a great director. (Ignore all his subsequent Best Picture Academy Awards, he never made a very good sound film.) This film lacks comedies most other Pickford films, but in fact it was a film DeMille, Sun Pickford years. Discrediting the Germans can be compared with the way the "Patriot" in 2000 did the same with the British. The only good German film was reluctant villain who had the ironic name Austreheim. They even had to take Pickford ill-fated trip on a luxury ship that gets torpedoed by a German submarine. So they get stirred up over the American war? The sinking of the Lusitania, or watch your favorite Canadian imports sinking America in it? All throughout the DeMille film runs a hero from one species to another terrible disaster, nearly escaping death, hypothermia, corruption, violence, executions and explosions coming from just the right place to keep it whole. The way she is saved from execution no more plausible than the way people in the "Jurassic Park" were eventually rescued by velociraptors. If I was more trusting of such propaganda, I would punish myself for that part-Germanic origin. <br /> <br /> It was a good movie? In addition to the comic town of Americans abroad to think they are untouchable ?? that seems to be a joke, even if ?? You might not be entertained. You will find that this is more than a little melodramatic, and obviously one-sided, but the first thing that popped into my head after watching him that it was many years before the false portrayal of Potemkin massacre revolution the language of cinema, as well as potential movie to promote. It made me wonder: what happened DeMille? Somewhere between the appearance of the sound and the "Greatest Show on Earth," he seemed to have lost their ambitions. Ben Hur kinds of expensive, but not arrogant. In the proposal, the film 1) Film historians 2) Silent film buff, 3) fans, Mary Pickford, or 4) fans, Demi, if such a person exists.
