This first-class western story about the gold rush brings a lot of excitement, romance, and James Stewart on the screen. "Distant Land" is the only one of the five Stewart-Mann westerns, which is often overlooked. Stewart, once again, puts a new perspective on the ever-present faces he had five Stewart-Mann westerns. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is indifferent, always looks at himself, so he was surprised when people are nice and friendly to him. Oddly enough, it does carry a bell on his saddle, he will not go without them. This shows that he can just take care of one person-his sidekick, Ben Tatum plays Walter Brennan as Tatum is the one that gave him. Man, once again, puts a new perspective on the constantly present the people he put in five Stewart-Mann westerns. It shows violence, excitement, plot twists, romance and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, the wind in the city to get rich quick Dawson, along with gold and partners Calvo Flippen and serviceable, but the excellent Roman and mercenaries. They can not escape, because the crooked sheriff, Mr. Gannon (McIntyre) and his "deputies" will hang them, as the only way out through Skagway that city Gannon. But in the end, McIntyre comes to them, but do not collect the Stewart and / or a fine that he allegedly owed to the government. McIntyre that there? He is there to deceive the miner from its claims and money. People are dying. Sheriff Dawson deemed to need and Calvet chooses Stewart, because he is good with a gun. Stewart, however, refuses to work, because he plans to get all the gold that he can, and then pull out. He also refuses to him because he did not want to help people, because the law and order always gets someone killed. So, Flippen selected instead. Miner was killed because he was trying to get on one of the men Gannon, pure evil, fantasy mustachioed bandit by the name of Madden, carrying two devices, Wilk played. Flippen Madden tries to arrest and to see that justice is done, but it can not stand on it, so that it becomes a town drunk. A man named Yukon replaces Flippen. Stewart and Tatum are beginning to pull out, but are ambushed Gannon men. Tatum was killed, and Stewart was wounded. Stewart finally realizes that he must do something, or Gannon will take over Dawson, create your own rules, and it will be his city, as well as the Skagway. The audience also understands that Stewart should do. Another thing is that the audience understands that Stewart is the only thing standing between citizens and Gannon. If Stewart leaves, Gannon would have over the city. If Stewart remains and continues to nothing about this is not done, the citizens will be killed one by one, ruthlessly and senselessly. This is where the big stage. Stewart enters the cabin. It has a sling on his arm. Within seconds, a gun in gunbelt, hanging on a post beside his bed, close the gun, Stewart in the background, just inside the door. He looks at her for a few seconds. He throws away the sling. Sling lands on the back of a chair and falls to the floor. It is symbolic because it is throwing away his old life, consisting of not caring about anyone but himself. He enters into a new life, to help people when they need help. That ends the film is a weapon-blazing, furious show of good versus evil, and really feel-good feeling that everything will be fine.
