Definitely spoilers in this review! I love ** ** American Gothic, and have done since I first saw it late at night when it first aired on Ch4 in the UK when I was 14. Comparisons made Stephen King is just about right. It is a small town of supernatural horror, but with fantastic layered characters. Best of all, and why I love it so much, it was the courage to never be in black and white! Lucas Buck although without any conscience often works, he says, giving people enough rope to hang themselves with. His manipulation only works because of weak morals of others. Caleb, although generally thoughtful, nice, insightful boy can sometimes show a hidden dark side, which is inherited from his father. None of the characters is not entirely good or bad, even with the angelic Merlyn showing angry is, through reckless revenge in the plague of the Sower. Not only that, but with Gail, closest to the maternal figure for Caleb, not only to sleep with, but fall in love with Lucas, in spite of all that she knew, made me realize this show just go out there and do not ask sorry for that. I'm a huge fan of Buffy, but if this show were trying to go really "dark" in the next season she failed miserably, because he lost it humorous side and not fully commit his idea. AG shows that you can have a morally bankrupt character in the heart of the show, and there are still hell laugh doing it. <br /> <br /> I can not even think about why it was canceled, I'll just get too angry at the absurdity of it all. So much garbage on TV and good, original shows to get her legs around and stamped on. The emergence of DVD, at least I can see the show in it's entirety! Yes some of the visual look outdated now, but horrible strange atmosphere provided good enough story lines. Actors also all give such wonderful performances, he more than makes up for some odd camera work. <br /> <br /> The only reason why I think that someone might not like this show is that it is not like X-files in which there are cases to "solve" or lost where there is huge unresolved issues. It's pretty obvious from the get go that Lucas Buck has some evil force, and that the show is all about the struggle for the soul of Caleb. So this show might upset people seeking a goal or an unknown "truth" to be found. Yes, there is some mysterious unanswered aspects, with some such as the truth about Gails parents get solved, but in contrast to the Lost and the show The X-Files is not about trying to learn more "facts" about what is going on at the IMO. It's all about the characters and the way they have to confront the moral choice in a twisted world of the Trinity. Personally, I would just get such a kick to see Lucas turn any situation to their advantage. <br /> <br /> In general, the main thing I have to say, check it out. I'm pretty sure that the majority of fans of fantasy / horror will love it. Furthermore, even if it has been canceled all the characters have an arc and there is enough in the final, to give a small sense of accomplishment. Just hanging thread I felt was Dr. Matt. Having it will not be in the final episodes of strange. <br /> <br /> I would do anything for a second season, but at least there is a full 22 episode, and perhaps, given how stupid some TV Execs, I think I should be glad it great show was made at all !! !
