At this time, Blackadder longer uterine (or even particularly close to any such thing) ... instead, probably the butler of the Prince Regent, which reflected Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McInnerny that presence is very missed, and that hole never filled ... his character had an innocent charm ... while he was clumsy and a complete moron, we can not help but serve him, that's not entirely true of his replacement) as an unbearably insane (which he apparently was, according to the page Trifle), not to mention the blatantly and totally threatened. Edmund can now do just about what he likes and does it. Why is he so upset and angry (to be honest, it gets frustrating at times)? Yes, his master clown, they are always there. He does not seem to have enough money, nor is it in any kind of danger. In the second series, the Queen was mischievous and childish, and to cut off someone's head - or to marry them - on a whim. It is not simply do not have enough at stake for any conflict to be exciting and interesting. There are no comments yet, and even a bit of satire. Too often, it seems as if they thought the story was funny enough in itself, so they just list it without bothering to actually turn the facts jokes or gags. And I can not tell you how many of them I knew before they were made, literally more than a minute away. This is usually not a positive, if you know the punchline before it is delivered. Baldrick is unchanged from last season ... it's still pretty pathetic and stupid, which leads to the "bad" humor. Frankly, the number goes through the roof. Do not get me started on the gross-out stuff. Sarcastic, verbal wit can still be great, although it has much less than before. I'd say that was pretty funny and ridiculous about half of the episodes, while the other three do not really get me in them at all. I was disappointed by how predictable some of the sites and their development have been ... I've seen a lot of these coming a mile away. Some of these materials is trying too hard to be funny and winds across as incredibly forced. It continues with the tradition of the early «II», to allow time to work plans. The theme is the worst of the bunch, the sequences loans less creative. In general, it is by far my least favorite of the four. I recommend to fans of the franchise and the British comedy in general. 7/10
