Unfortunately, in such cases, how many different conflicting stories, each trying to throw the blame on others, it is almost impossible to get an accurate picture of what actually happened. This film is a victim of such circumstances. Authors (too many of them) decided to take all the stories and give them an audience to allow them to decide which version of the truth they are better. As in real life, actually, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and viewers are left with a total felling have failed (eg, decaffeinated coffee, or sex without a climax). Whodunnits with whodunnit not, as a rule, care and makes you wonder why someone did not do the research before they put it out there. At least, it promotes the film as a fiction, if that is what it is (and it does). <br /> <br /> That is not to say that there are some great performances here. Kilmer (as Holmes) does an outstanding role bringing some humanity to what is otherwise questionable personality. Kilmer, and real life lovers and friends, who were consulted in the movie, let the audience see a selfish, restless man who, despite his flaws were many and great, loved and cared for many people (other than itself). Kudrow as Holmes' wife, only gives a glimpse of the dramatic actress, she may be, but it is very noticeable and memorable glimpse. Bosworth character was not as emotionally complex as it could, and it was necessary to show more internal conflict, believing that eventually happened between Don and Holmes (she turned him within 6 months after they fled to Florida ). cheeked Bosworth performance time is annoying, sometimes touching, but does not show any of the core real Schiller must be possessed. The rest of the characters disappear into the tree which is a pity. Lucas is an excellent performer who could sank his teeth into the role if there was fleshed out for him. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable in his role as drug dealing biker. <br /> <br /> The fault of this film does not lie with this cast, but the writing. Too many cooks spoil the soup, and the kettle, filled with so much promise in the end leaves you hungry. Story and characters may be less sympathetic, but that the film of this kind are not they? Other films, such as 1989 Drugstore Cowboy, starring Matt Dillon (who was reportedly asked to take this role and refused) worked with a similar theme and mastered it to such an extent that you felt kinship with the main character in the film's end, despite what he has done. Van Sandt could give James Cox and his team a few lessons. If someone has worked to try to find the truth, it would be an intriguing plot. As it is, you will find accompanying documentary Wadd tastier (2 DVD disc) and much more informative. You will see from the DVD, that Holmes was not a bad guy, but not a very good either..as are most people.
