John Holmes is so well known, it is notorious (as the three Amigos would say). It Rashomon, as the story of the events related to the Wonderland murders in the early 1980s in Los Angeles. History collected from retelling of several participants. There is a story from the point of view of one, namely David Lynd (played by Dylan McDermott). He is a member of a robbery at the place of Eddie Nash (Eddie Nash is a notorious drug dealer - and it is assume that the same character played by Alfred Molina in Boogie Nights) and to a large extent in the drug scene. There is the prospect of John Holmes (played by Val Kilmer), which makes it to be a pawn stuck between the two kings (with a heavy case of cocaine traction). There is also a patchwork memories of John's wife (by Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth), which fill in the gaps between these two stories. This is basically the same timeframe that we look at all versions of each character. The only thing missing, the prospect of death. <br /> <br /> Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights reflects John Holmes as a slightly heroic character, the tragic yet comic Carmen. He is a caricature of a real person. He was more or less mixed up kid who got what he got through his "great" talent. Director James Cox makes a comedy by and makes this episode in John's life into a nightmare for all to watch us. Detailed information about the real-life murder makes this film even more terrible. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer took what he had learned of Jim Morrison, from the door, increasing productivity on the Salton Sea, and then further enhanced, which will bring us to the deterioration of cocaine through John Holmes. all the actors to pull off very realistic pramalo Application's cocaine addicts. Performance Josh Lucas stands out as one of the best in the film. He plays Launius Ron (I think this character is suppose to be the same as the character Thomas Jane from Boogie Nights). Ron was a gang leader, liked John Holmes have around as a novelty and had cocaine cravings, as sharks are blood. cocaine use seems so realistic that make one think. do they really use Splenda ?? <br /> <br /> Where is Boogie Nights chewing dads feel to it (many colors and 70-nostalgia), Wonderland dark. The action fast and furious, with lots of jumps. This irritable and grainy. There's no comedy, just endless tempo as if the director is trying to put us in a nervous, fast pace, a sharp peak of cocaine, to make us feel what the characters feel. This graphic film. This is one of the most intensely violent scenes I've ever seen in a movie. It really shows the killing themselves (through the eye, John Holmes, on the ground, and then from the point of view of third parties). This is because the graph, it looks like the police evidence of an offense. I had to take a break after this scene and remind yourself that it's just a movie. This film is definitely not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those who are interested in other aspects of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
