Recently I got into the habit buying any interesting DVD, Criterion that the company produces. I believe that even if I do not like the movie, the criterion usually provides sufficient additional material to compensate for any shortcomings in the actual film. I read to them, and I buy the ones that are the most interesting for me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my last purchase, and I must say I was not disappointed in the film. It's fun, funny and romantic. All of this is perfectly fine. The songs are excellent. If I understand French, I'd probably sing them, and sing them all day. It works very well for this kind of movie. American musical classic Hollywood era relied more on song and dance than real characters and stories, but in the Le Million, characters quite well developed and the story, while nothing is being extremely great, not at all lacking. I loved the design of relations, especially relations between the once best friends Michelle and have success. Romantic moments is also very well developed. Direction is almost perfect, with some very memorable moments. Perhaps the most perfect scene of the film takes place immediately after the lead a couple has an argument. They hide on stage in opera, and opera singers sing a line pair, Michel and Beatrice, interprets their own situation. This is certainly one of the highest points in the history of cinema. The scene was able to make me laugh, I have to win with a very sweet romance, and make me grin just as the director was clever. I give this film 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for anyone who has the same faith in the Criterion, what I'm doing, and plans to buy it. Among the Criterion disc belongs to today, Le Million has fewer functions. All this is is a photo gallery (not all that useful, you can flip through it once) and a rare television interview with René Clair, director. This part is of some interest. He was one of many filmmakers who started in silent films, and if wireless phones for the first time being, he said, that they were the death of the film. I think that most of the films savvy people realize that these directors in mind when they said that, but it is interesting to hear him explain. Also, if you read the description of the film on Amazon.com, note that they were wrong in one important aspect: not every line in the movie sings. In fact, it contains more songs than a normal music. It's actually much more similar to the film of Chaplin or Buster Keaton and the Marx Brothers. I drive my criticism is not so important. Heck, the criterion has the right to smack me around taking these complaints. The fact is, their people are likely to have spent hundreds of hours to fix the film, which is only 20 (currently 21) People voted on IMDB, and only about a hundred people if it will ever be a movie. Heck, if you look on the website of Criterion, Le Million nowhere to be found. I have no idea why not. This is what they really should be proud (of course, their website is amazingly awful). They did an excellent job on this film. Bravo! They deserve all the money that I can stand to give them!
