Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), exchange students in Japan, which is just starting to do some social work, go to the aid of the elderly, deprived of the floor unconscious woman, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after her previous caretaker, Yoko (Yoko Maki) It disappears. Karen soon finds out that something is wrong in the house of Emma, ​​and she tries to "see how deep the rabbit hole goes." <br /> <br /> Maybe it's a delayed impact on the success of M. Night Shyamalan movies, but at a slower pace, understated horror of the recent trend. In some cases, for example, in Hide and Seek (2005), the approach works surprisingly well, and in other countries, such as White Noise (2005), stimulation can kill a movie. I do not like The Grudge exactly the same way as a shelter, but it's still a very good film - it earned 9 out of 10 from me <br /> <br /> The discontent has some significant differences. Other recent examples of this trend, however. Firstly, it is well known that this is a remake based on the Japanese film series that began with the Ju-On (2000) (in particular, it is very close to the first half of the Ju-On: The Grudge, aka Ju-On 3, with 2003). Second, as in many Japanese horror films, the slower is not so much in the field of realistic drama, with both surrealism. As is the case with a large percentage of European horror Dissatisfaction should be regarded as nightmares. <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Shimizu, also director of the five Japanese entries in the Ju-On series to date (five currently in production), and writer Stephen Sasuke mostly do without linearity and is not too concerned about the logic or plot holes, when it comes to the horror of the stories. The idea instead to present a fabulous sequence of scenes with dream logic, which focuses on the atmosphere, horror, supernatural, and for many viewers - repels. How well the film works for you will depend largely on how well you can adapt yourself accustomed to this different approach to film-making (although admittedly, some apparent gaps are filled with the previous entries in the series on Ju-). Traditionally, American audiences find flaws leaving the plot threads hanging and the abandonment of the "rules" for the "monster." More poetic, metaphorical, surrealistic approach to the film has not been made in the mainstream <br /> <br /> US However, even if you're not used to it, it is necessary to try to suspend your normal preconceptions about the film and give Discontent shot. It is well written, well directed, well acted film, filled with unusual properties, such as the history of weaving a large number of "protagonists" (that is done here is better than more episodic Ju-On 3), a good movie, slim design production touches (check clothes Gellar that match the color and texture of the exterior of the home of Emma when Gellar first approaches), and beautifully effective material horror. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that more slowly walks that your average horror film of the past, Shagan usually enhances the horror and no shortage of strange events to keep fans entertained horror. Supernatural premise of the film absorbs, and on the basis of an interview on the DVD with Shimizu, who pushes me to pay more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore. Although most interesting subtexts is likely to arise in connection with a deeper knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to wonder why so many Japanese horror movies are frightening for children and adults that look like a scared child. <br /> <br /> I deducted one point for the film is slightly deflected in cliché territory mystery / thrillers with "that's what really happened," retrospection, but even that was quite well done, and if not, it would be 10 of 10. <br /> <br /> Now, when I said that all of the above, let me conclude with a mini-rant: it's not that I am anti-remake, but it's funny that the American distributors and studios believe that we need to remakes of foreign films to make them to appropriate for consumption. The original versions of these movies just have to play in US theaters in wide release. There's no need to present an almost identical film, but only by replacing the white American actor for Nebel and foreign actors. So, discontent is a great film, but ultimately, I would like to see something original using this talent, and refers to the latest foreign films horror - not only Japanese, but also Indian, Chinese, etc. .-- in my multiplex. In the hope that someone with some pull in the studio reading this, it is also more cost effective to do so, because (1) you can completely avoid the cost of production, but simply to make the internal distribution of transactions, of which you make a profit, and (2) you can make money out of fans, like me, that would otherwise take DVD-discs of foreign films in the foreign works, or even smuggled versions.
