They say that the films and shorts by David Lynch will not appeal to everyone. Neither will DumbLand, maybe more than ever. I have a feeling that the country is dumb as people come through it will be a true sign of "I know" or "what the devil." This is not true of surrealism, but absurd from the point of no return. In addition, it is very, very, very silly. But this stupidity can be born of ironic intelligence to this, that the manufacturer knows so well how childish and disgusting it is, and this self-consciousness is a plus, not a humiliation. <br /> <br /> It's just a bunch of crudely drawn shorts- species which may not even make it to the judge and Hertzfeldt animated show (which, I might add, Lynch here has much in common with both the directors in their work- focused to goof with an IQ of 20, which is constantly trembling, for fear of his wife and child, who looks like a cross between a gingerbread man and / or foreigners. episodes include small situation as faulty treadmill, the seller who can read Gettysburg address, watching the sick brother-in-law of the ant yutsynatsy and just lie on the couch with the noise all around. All the time, Lynch continues to experiment, because all the time he was better or worse during a period of five years, he has made on and off Inland Empire. <br /> <br /> One hand, he's going back to the roots of his very first short, six Figures Getting Sick six times, using repetition as a means to the end. sometimes it works well painfully, and sometimes not. sometimes, as with the episode of the meeting around the house doing nothing, as the teeth are bleeding and a fly buzzing around, absurdist kind of waxes and reduction without much good effect. Even the episode as a friend of this guy coming up funny anymore, so for comparison Beavis & Butt-head (both laugh like idiots, and equally passionate about killing things like fish and sheep). What eventually work as Lynch shows mad front abstractions in a rough way imaginable and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> In the closer to surrealism in the "ants", the guy accidentally sprays bug spray (only called "Kill", one of the very cheap, but fun poking Lynch in social conventions) itself, and It provides for the ants in the musical chorus, solo included. And one of the most excruciatingly funny that I've ever seen a film director is to "get the stick", where we see a Man, encouraged his son received a stick, which hit in the mouth. Soon neck breaks, eyes pop out, and once said stick is removed, it does not follow the movement of rolling over like a manhole cover. Other aspects emerge as cracks in unexpected, and is depicted as on cheap paper with a push to shock with complains tongue (mostly from human as well as from "grandparents', which in one of the votes for Lynch characters is the deepest of all), and a shaky quality, it is like the cream of the crop from the (early) Hertzfeldt. <br /> <br /> And yet, I'm still not sure if something is a stupid country, I would put in someone's hands, if they have not seen much of Lynch has not mention anything of it. There are a few small dots on society, made through complete exaggeration, which may or may not be in the form of Lynch closer than we usually think, those in real life. Overall, however, there is not a lot that should be read into it, so I would say that more than half of who sees it will hate it with enthusiasm. Those who dig pits rising less animated comedy, get ready to have a blast.
