Dominique (Nicky) Luciano has a "Hulk" T-shirt and pulled on each day to perform their duties as a garbage collector. He uses his physical strength in picking up trash one and dragged it to the city dump. He was reading a comic book story of a hero and a fighter and likes to fight, Going WrestleMania with his twin brother Eugene on his birthday is an annual tradition. He gently said to many people, it comes in contact with during his days. He is reading a comic book, which he finds in the garbage can, with a young boy, he often passes the time on the garbage route. Unfortunately, Dominic has a reduced ability to use your mind. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> disability Dominic came as a result of a head injury, which he suffered a traumatic brain injury (TBI). This injury left him slowly, although it did not change its basic characteristics as a strong man, which helps protect others. Dominic is actually more able to live alone than it may seem at the beginning of the film. He lives with Eugene, who is studying to become a doctor. Dominic is the main source of income, while Eugene from the study. Eugene must admit the fact that he should continue his education in another city, and that he should move away from Dominic. Eugene is also developing a novel that begins to separate him from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> The film is dedicated specifically to domestic violence, and how it can affect a person, a family, then society as a whole. The strain, which is exacerbated between Eugene and Dominique as Eugene realizes that he must eventually leave Nicky exploded on the night of the birth them. Eugene yelling at Dominic and throws him against the wall. At this point, Eugene must confront their own fear of being like his abusive father, a father who protected him against Dominic, and he himself became a victim of violence. This event cemented the love between two brothers who have since become best friends. Although they needed each other, they both have to independence and the ability to grow and develop relationships with other people. The fact that they have to leave was very real emotional stress. However, by the end of the film, Dominique can say goodbye to his brother and wish him success. Eugene could leave his brother's safe to say that he began to make a social network of people who care for him and help him with his independence. <br /> <br /> If Dominic witnesses abuse his friends, he is forced to come face-to-face with the cause of his own injury. In this state of extreme stress, Dominic is almost completely eliminated. Then he goes after the ambulance to the hospital, to see what happened to his friend. After he learned that the boy had died, he faces a tough father who, frightened by his response, he said that he did not see anything, he knows nothing, and say nothing, and that if he would kill him. Now that his own life was in jeopardy, he goes and find a hand gun that Larry used to kill rats. He goes after the boy died and at gunpoint, kidnapped the child from the family's grief. He runs away from the scene and hiding in the building. When the police surrounded him, Eugene is in the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then displays the cause of disability Dominica, and they bring the child back. Abusive father then has his own gun threatening to kill Dominic, but Eugene stops him and Dominic tells the crowd that he had seen his father to give up his son down the stairs. <br /> <br /> In a climactic finale, the question dysfunctional behavior comes into view. Although Dominic instinct to save a child can understand, we can also see how devastating this answer. Dominic put the child's life and your own life in grave danger. Large social consequences of these events are not directly involved, but shows through movies that end. Despite the more optimistic end of the picture, a different sequence of events could only have probably occurred in which Dominique was accused of kidnapping and possession of firearms. It's pretty hard to believe that it went completely unrecorded. In addition, even if Dominique entirely charged, there may still be a stigma against it within the community, not that there was not one before these events. Instead, the film shows that we must be able to recognize problematic behavior and act to curb it. <br /> <br /> Dominick and Eugene, was released in 1988, the same year another film, Rainman, received 5 Academy Awards, while Rainman was the achievement and has helped increase the visibility of a person with disabilities can argue that Dominic and Eugene spend more valuable lessons for society. Taking into account, Rainman showed that the main American society might be able to learn and take care of the "scientists" when "the Savant" is the successor of a large estate. Dominick and Eugene show that people with disabilities may be able to take care and help save a member of the American society. Post independent persons with disabilities may be too strong for 1988. Hopefully someday society will see the strengths of people with disabilities, and not as a threat but as an imperative for the forces of society.
