I collect horror of all, and I have seen good and very bad - Zombie Bloodbath this video with a low budget. Of course, bad acting, the plot is basically a mixture of all the movies about zombies thrown together and the quality is low in some places. The point, it seems, will not be in the fact that it's still entertaining and really a lot of fun. Effects range from as someone here said, bloated zombies that look like the KISS, rejects really good, with some strange latex work. But the reason you buy a film with the name as it is for gore, and this movie is awesome in this area. The effect is very good for such a small film. Someone called his party a movie and it is. 100% fun movie party. I have heard from various web sites, that it is actually "rough" film, which received total output, but the actual "cut director" comes to DVD, and it's very good quality. I will buy it and judge for yourself. <br /> <br /> The story is mostly plant Nuclear power is bad and makes the zombies. Gov't closes it hides the plot and sanctions house to be built on it. Some plants are still underground, and they're the undead to come and attack the zone. Several actors do a great job, there are some fairly simple social commentary, which is insightful and true, good music, great lighting, some effective suspense and tons of blood and gore patients. One guy gets attacked and taken out from the bottom all the way, if you know what I mean. Then it intestine pushed from its mouth. Another broken in half, as in the day of the dead, and they did a great job on this issue. There are a million Gore fun, and it's almost all actions. I say stop being a hypocrite, enjoy life and get more films like Zombie Bloodbath and meat market. Two great epics alive <br /> <br /> OK -. UPDATE !!! I just got a lot of DVD, and that's what I thought: <br /> <br /> significantly better image quality, and this time I was able to see the actual CUT directing the film, and it is much better than the movie. I liked it, but now I see that Todd Sheets was actually trying to do with this. And comments also helps hearing Sheets to talk about the film in detail, he knows that this is a bad zombie movie, but it does show respect for all people that are involved. In addition, the letters have a great sense of humor and some are obedient to the integrity that others may learn in the field of cinema. Behind The Scenes Zombie Bloodbath is pretty fun as well. I felt that it was almost as interesting as the movie it was made for. There are some great interviews and behind the scenes footage, mixed with news about the film from some of the major attractions such as CNN, FOX and MTV. Overall, a fun little film that is very rough around the edges, but still made me laugh, and enjoy the ride! I saw a lot of DV movies, and some shooting movies, and many of them are pretty boring, but it was definitely not. While the new DV tape technically superior, they're just not as much fun <br /> <br /> PS - I have heard that they are now recast it on a big budget ???
