Just got my copy of the DVD and two-disc set is not yet perfect, I found the overall experience to be a fun way to spend some time. I have to say, right in front, I'm a big fan of zombie movies, and I really think that the wonderful people who made these films must be too. I also have a soft spot for people who are trying, sometimes against all odds, to live the dream. Again, these people do it. Is this some kind of award collection of amazing movie? No. Not even close. But for what they do to their poor budgets, should be advised of these films. For me, the bottom line has always been in me entertained? I had a good time with this film? And here is the answer to both was, "Yes." The first in the series is also the raw. It begins with some kind of a nuclear accident, and the people melt or something. Cut to a few years later and a new residential settlement built on the site the old reactor. Some kids do videos get into the hole and are trapped in the lower levels of the object. They are saved, but the hole is not sealed, and people from the opening start lumbering out of the hole. Soon the whole city captured by the undead. and the fun of zombies. They are by Prahali Noah rot makeup cheap slap on the white face of ever, but they are fun. The whole film culminates in clashes between the final surviving area and the undead, with our heroes come to lower the reactor level to remove the flesh eating zombies ~ d and seal the hole forever! pretty cheesy, but I think it should be. However, it is moving very fast, it has a bucket heinous consequences, and really trying to have some type. Actions uneven, but a few good performances shine through and one should definitely listen to the following comments. I went back and watched it again, that and found it was a good bit of information about the trials and joy that the crew and the cast felt a movie. Directed by Todd Sheets seems quite proud of this, his first film, but do not have illusions. He knows that this is a bad zombie movie, but it does show respect for the people that are involved. In addition, the letters have a great sense of humor and some are obedient to the integrity that others may learn in the field of cinema. Behind The Scenes Zombie Bloodbath is pretty fun as well. I felt that it was almost as interesting as the movie it was made for. There are some great interviews and behind the scenes footage, mixed with news about the film from some of the major attractions such as CNN, FOX and MTV. Overall, a fun little film that is very rough around the edges, but still made me laugh, and enjoy the ride! I saw a lot of DV movies, and some shooting movies, and many of them are pretty boring, but it was definitely not. While the new DV tape technically superior, they just do not have fun! Overall, it's a solid, if slightly flawed release with lots of extras and the tone of the baked and splash. While not breaking any rules of the grand movement of decisions, I discovered that the series will be cheerful and always laughing, so I give it to establish a firm recommendation. Todd Sheets did not try to make the rewards of art are the people he is trying, sometimes against all odds, it seems to make fun of a zero budget, splattery horror and to that end, he succeeded in a shovel.
