So, Todd Sheets once said that he believes that his 1993 shot-on-video Z-epic Zombie Bloodbath be his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how is not true this statement is. I mean, what makes this one that much higher? Well, again, Zombie Rampage does not include a guy mullet, now does it? <br /> <br /> For one to understand why zombies Bloodbath actually considered worth a pancake, we must remember that in the '90s were like a bad horror fans. Ten years, that's all but said goodbye to the B and Z-movie, as we knew it. Technological progress, clumsy tendencies, and the internet will cancel the mysterious charm of great unit package golden years in s.o.v. in. And there is something vaguely reminiscent of the quality of schlock was too self-conscious for its own good, basically defeat the purpose. Fortunately, not everything is changing with time. Enter the zombie BLOODBATH. <br /> <br /> And I think this is the part where I explain the same exact room from 500 other zombie movie in the last 40 years. Okay, so, kind of at a nuclear plant accident infects everything in sight, turning them into flesh-eating zombies that are coming in waves, causing some of the most heinous, more humorous scenes Gore-90s. The first 20 minutes from the bustle of the most uncomfortable conversation sound you could imagine. Dialogs that allow you to know that this is not just a low-budget zombie flick, this Z-class Disasterpiece, buddy. many hysterical, non-existent action to go around, and that goes triple for Mr. Mullet. This guy is really the highlight of the night. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets seriously considering zombies BLOODBATH be higher than the Zombie Rampage, amuses me to no end. I mean really, how full of jokes on the film, but then again, so Redneck Zombies, so obviously, Todd Sheets company awsomeness. By 1993, the film is a bad thing, no doubt, will be a full burst of parody, but Mr. Leaf stands on his own, that gives us some good old schlock fashion, as it should have been unaware, ignorant and pointless . God bless Todd Sheets. For those who are looking for amazing next 90-B-Horror, Darkness Leif Jonker should be at the top of the list. As for the zombies Bloodbath, if you gorehound who miss somewhere around 1990, the 93 will be the perfect time to pick up. 8/10
