One of my most favorite so ridiculously lousy-existing it-very-attractive el cheapo and screwy nickel'n'dime independent functions being horror, scary pleasant miracle, which was released terribly fertile operation Crown International Pictures equipment so it can play many bad double accounts on many drive modules in the 70s, and eventually came to be reused like crazy for a few small temporary secondary cable stations throughout the 80s. Naturally, I first saw this nice abominable filth on television one night fateful Saturday night, when in my early teens and had a deep, though very irrational abiding fondness for her since. <br /> <br /> meteorite falls from the sky and crashes into the calm waters of calm lake of the country, thus causing still dormant dinosaur egg to hatch. Of course, Dean child immediately grows into a giant swaying, groaning, gnashing of teeth, prehistoric monsters with stupid flippers, a long neck and a huge mouth full of small sharp jagged, stalagmites as chompers. Our Southern fried male cousin of the Loch Ness quickly starts chowing down on various hapless locals redneck with the previously quiet and sleepy village of the spa town. It is to Drippy tall Sheriff Richard Cardella, with the assistance of painfully idiotic Hayseed comic fraternal fishing guide duo Glenn Roberts and Mark Siegel, an evil gal pal Casey Cobb and terminally bland brake scientist Bob Hyman to get to the bottom of things before oversized voracious Jurassic throwback ruining the tourist business, eating all the campers and fishermen that provincial village makes your cash away. <br /> <br /> Director / co-writer William R. Stromberg shows amazing slides and thoroughly ignorant incompetent when it comes to stimulation, atmospheres, tight construction of the narrative, and especially eliciting sound, trustworthy, acting on his hopeless of all fingers rank amateur society to the level of theater actors. Performances are equally appalling: Cardella is too soft and wooden cut it as a solid heroic lead while plaintively Dopey Redneck comic antics and Siegel Roberts provoke groans slack-jawed disbelief - you do not laugh with these two terrible robbery pile as much as in them, in particular when the unbearable imbeciles find the severed head bouncing up and down in the murky waters of the lake. Better yet, clumsily integrated sub-plot regarding the reprehensible criminal on the loose-leads to bilge up scene spectacularly clumsy supermarket, which degenerates into silly fun mini-slaughter, when the young lady shopper interrupts stick-up artist in the middle of a robbery! Next car chase as much screwed up as well; so limp and unimpressive put that one feels more relieved than scary when the monster suddenly emerges devour vicious fugitive. In addition, a funky herky-jerky stop motion animation of the dinosaur David Allen is a true angular section, designing specific raw charisma vile reptilian entities and the general presence of the power of the screen, which makes it all terribly distressed human characters seem like a pathetic unworthy nobody bothers compared . And as for the incitement of imprisonment, where the sheriff takes our Beastie nonsense with a bulldozer, the operative word for this exciting confrontation laughter all the way.
