There is not much more I can say about this film than all the comments on the first page, with the exception of - Jesse says - "it's the berries." All the pages of his commentators have written eloquently - almost like the dialogue in this film. It may just be one of those illusionary things that we hear so much about this, but it is usually done so that the actors that deliver the line: a beautiful script. Maybe Robert Redford did keep strict reigned on the actor / actress during the shooting of this film, so that the beauty of the story is not lost. <br /> <br /> I also went to church when I was very young and in my late teens. The pastor spoke very eloquently and quietly, as did the Reverend Maclean in his church. This in itself is a very different picture, which is drawn in the Southern Baptists - not a saint rollering in my church. It was a big church with a lot of different programs to keep their flock busy - the most inspiring, perhaps, was the music department with its huge chorus and almost classic hymns. Also, on Sunday evening, the community was almost entirely of young people. Do you even know that was once safe to go to church on Sunday evening? What a pity that it was after all! Watching "The river runs through it" very much like to hear a beautiful sermon in the church, whose members are fully engaged in life. As it has been so beautifully written, a sermon for this movie is an open-space beauty of Montana - however, are not as missile silos there, too? Fly fishing or any other activity which involves family members closer to each other for a happy life - and a deep understanding of one another - is a blessing. Although you can access some of the shadow aspects of life, too, the simplicity of the story paints an indelible impression on the heart, if you let it. Speakeasies prostitute and balanced just a collection of old-fashioned, community picnics as this movie contains - in heavy contrasts in modern families, taking their child to Disneyland for squeal and leisure trips, calling it "the day together." There will be a note wrong with this, but, as the "river", some of its silent beauty could not do anything but make life richer. This is the third film I saw where Tom Skerritt (?) Play the parents, all different styles and brilliantly acted. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt, mostly undiscovered talent "Thelma and Louise", except, and "Meet Joe Black," and all suffused with members earned numerous awards. Little stories beautifully narrated receive a 10-c- 10 from me on any movie with violence, swearing, ugliness and "action." I mean, in particular, "Crash", and most of the films "Arnold." What is the savior of the film world.
