(There is not much in the way of thieves, as this is not a plot to show, but still, I think, I will describe some of what is going on so ...) This is it. It is the most pointless movie I've ever seen. There's just no words to describe this film, though "weird", "funny" and "ego trip" pretty close. the opening half an hour or so, really, really weird music videos, it is absolutely no plot or continuity, besides MJ falls into any of the previous ones. One of the highlights of this part of the "film" in the section where MJ flying carousel plane because that seems to be half-arsed intro connection rejects and sections cut from Yellow Submarine (dear lord, you could not make this up). <br /> <br /> Then, just over an hour remaining, the "film" starts with a lot of claymation (some of them really creepy) spotting our "hero" and chasing him seeking an autograph. Obviously, this leaves our still silent (songs discount) are somewhat worried, and he manages to temporarily lose them. Lucky for him, because it means that it may indicate a falling star, and, again, I'm not making this up, turn into a claymation rabbit. It uses the cunning disguise to try to get past them, but, for reasons I can not remember right now, they see through it (oh no!) And terrible chase begins again. Cue another song (big shock there). <br /> <br /> Shortly after the end of the hunt, MJ-rabbit that brings to life until it burst from the police (in the middle of the desert), because it is apparently illegal to jump there. <br /> <br /> rest of the film is just as strange, highlights, including MJ cleaning bar size Smooth Criminal, including human pictures with his finger, not only kills the guy, but burning his shadow on the wall, a la weapons of nuclear fission. Another good point when MJ, seeing Mr. Big (Joe 'what the hell happened to his career at the moment? »Peschi) to steal one of the children, he was friends with magically creates a machine, and in another moment of violence that pepper the film, seemingly at random, opens fire on anything that moves. The final point I should mention, when MJ, surrounded by Mr. Big and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people working on it and they are wearing a sabotage unit, not gangsters, I believe they are. How did he get out? Why, it turns into a robot, complete with a weapon and a shield. This is the third of the four changes that he does, almost always, when backed into a corner and / or on the run. <br /> <br /> This film is quite, quite surreal, with little in the way of the story, and there is practically no continuity.
