Mr. Michael Jackson's artistic phenomenon. His short films, that is, music videos are simply the best. I do not care if I get a smart feature of science fiction from this person, but I do not care to get a medley of his crazy dance, screeching scream, cool choreography crowd, and some bits and CGI animation. There also should be some uninterrupted video. All that I have mentioned here. Dumb story and over-the-top "Vanity Fair" is not a problem, when I witnessed Mr. Michael Jackson in action. For me he will always be the ultimate king of music videos (not the "King of Pop", which sounds moronic, especially for us, Russian, because "pop" sounds like the Russian word for "donkeys" and Manchester United, of course, not "King of donkeys "). I can re-look their best music videos (which are artistically beautiful) and I never get tired of them. <br /> <br /> My first impression of this film was" What is ...? "(Bits different video, some painted images, which are alarming jumps from one topic to another, the lack of a cohesive story line, some kids fooling around, etc.), but as I watched it till the end, I could say that it was great and really nothing, as everything else is not on TV at the moment. What I like it here is that it never shows any embarrassing material and can easily watch the children. <br /> <br /> Without Mr. Michael Jackson universes clips would be pretty poor. Even the best classic videos of other artists may not be suitable very close to the vibrant hyperbole MJ musical madness and artistic quality. He knew how to get the audience of all ages, and he knew how to remain a man of moral principles. <br /> <br /> When I see the right DVD edition with Mr. Michael Jackson videos I know he deserves to purchase even if some of the clips have already appeared in some other previous version. «HIStory I», «HIStory II», and "Lunokhod" everything is fine, but only the "Lunokhod" is more like a movie (with a solid «Smooth Criminal» theme of "paparazzi" theme, and some bizarre jokes and twists). <br /> <br /> As a supporter of Sun MJ I can still give this "movie ... like no other" solid 9 out of 10 (I've never been impressed by «Smooth Criminal» and certainly has the main complaints are as follows: initial segments of the film could be released while the main "campaign against drug Manchester United" have been given a "sky-rocket insanity and stress", and there must be more "moonwalking" itself, of course). Thank you for your attention.
