Ah, Lunokhod I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, was actually the first's Thriller music video I've ever seen, apparently. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson was like a God to men, while women filed into a swoon at the sight of it before actually fainting before seeing it out of sight, I'm sorry, Michael. But Lunokhod was made that was made a tribute to the success of all time, Michael is right when he issued his famous bad album, which was a record, was the first album to have 6 top ten singles. Michael is an incredible artist, there is no doubt that he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to action, or to keep the story straight with his audience ?? . Not so much <br /> <br /> We start quite simple: Music Jackson's life, career, success, and mania, which was the biggest star of the 80's in the world of Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson 30s style gangster who uses his authority as a crime figure, in order to protect children. When Jackson was admitted to a number of children, we cut it to play in the field of children and their dog. The dog escapes, and in search of him, Jackson and the children uncover the lair of Mr. Big, Frankie Lideo, bandit minions doing drugs with the army, who want to get the entire population of the planet Earth is addicted to drugs, starting with children. Mr. Big finds Jackson and the children, but they run away; Jackson says the kids to meet him at the club the 30s, which is haunted nightclub abandoned since the 1930s. The history goes back to the mafia attacks on Jackson, and it turns out that Jackson actually magical gangster that draws its strength from the meteors. As one passes by the club, Jackson turns into a sports car and mows down several henchmen Mr. Big in. The story picks up on the children in the club 30s, and especially the children are afraid, but when Jackson is a terrible atmosphere transforms the club and the kids are back in the 1930s. The club is now filled with Zoot suiters and swing dancers. Jackson participates in the dance-off with other club members, acting as a music video for «Smooth Criminal». At the climax of the song Mr. Big besieged club and steals one of the children, Katie. Jackson stands them back in the lair of the Great and ends surrounded by his henchmen. Mr. Big is mentally torturing Jackson, threatening to give Kate a highly addictive drug. While Katie is possible simply to take the points and Joe Pesci rid injected, Mr. Big decides he's had enough and orders his men to kill Katie before finishing off Jackson, but not before shooting star flies by. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kill all the soldiers in the Mr. Big. So, ummm, you want more of an oddity? See a movie. <br /> <br /> Lunokhod will enjoy the first half hour, seeing the success of Michael and all his hard work really does its supporters to re-evaluate it. Is this mainly to untwist the album? Yes, I love how he spends the first 25 minutes praised how amazing it is, then we go to his song called «Leave Me Alone», which is a kind of hypocritical, not that this is not a great song, only a small turn of events, then, when we miss the crummy act, the story was incredibly weak: villain spells his name aloud, and Michael and Kathy are spying on them, lol, Michael transformer suddenly, a great plan monster villain to make the kids high? In addition, the villain of some massive beam gun that would make Marvin the Martian blush. But if there's one new thing that it is incredible that the film gives us a new video for Smooth Criminal. This music video goodness, this choreography is the installation of this song, it's sleek style, Michael always goes above and beyond perfection and Smooth Criminal was incredible. I loved the rover as a child, I still watch it for fun and to this day, but it's not the best film in any way, it's pretty silly, but it's all good, if you're a fan of Michael Jackson, as well. <br /> <br /> 7/10
