SAPS AT SEA, obviously, a pun on the film, Gary Cooper, SHOWER AT SEA. The name aptly describes the stellar team of Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. walking on a sea voyage, to calm the nerves Olli just run into escaped killer Nick Granger. How to play Richard Kramer, the offender is both funny and scary, which makes it an excellent contrast to the comedy characters boys. Despite the existence of a strong, Cramer never upstages boys tribute to Stan and Ollie stuffing charisma. That is as it should be, because the boys have to be the protagonists in the film. <br /> <br /> This charm Laurel and Hardy of the person who they are raising the average material. For SAPS AT SEA has its slow spots. For example, as the previous commenter said, a bit where the doctor (very excited James Finlayson) tries balloon called "spirometry" on Ollie, do not have enough punch. The script is very sporadic, with the first part, which takes place in the boy's apartment, little or no relation to the second part, where they go to sea. But on the whole, the film is very enjoyable entertainment with quite a short time of operation, so that it does not wear is appreciated. <br /> <br /> There's a certain sharpness of view of the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and producer Hal Roach. I have not seen all of the Laurel and Hardy films after 1940, but the ones that I've seen do not measure up to even the weakest products Hal Roach. In these later films, Laurel and Hardy, it seems, in a strange environment, devoid of scenic fellow players as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately and zealously musical Leroy Shield. They are also not well-intentioned and optimistic bumblers we know and love, but in the later films are either stupid or annoying pathetic losers. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy movies are now generally available to the public. Even in a small recording as SAPS in the sea, you can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedian. This is because Hal Roach, for the most part, allowed Stan Laurel, the guiding force behind the team, complete creative freedom. After Laurel lost its autonomy in other studios, the team has lost much of its uniqueness.
