This is my third comment here trying to connect the two legendary movie comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is the year 1940. This date is that the former was their last film with his longtime home studio Hal Roach. To name the value of the latter later. In addition, the last time Stan and Ollie were working in the lot Fun, this is also the last time they will appear with such familiar players that support Charlie Hall and James Finlayson, appeared in most of his films. This is also the last time Art Lloyd will serve as a cameraman and Marvin Hatley-composed his song, which will be called «The Cuckoo Song (Cuckoos Dance)" - their evaluation. And it would be a very last time Stan Laurel will be allowed to take full creative control over what goes on tape. If there is more gag loaded structures than usual in the L & H film, it's nice to know that most of these gags are really funny. This includes most of the audio and visual effects, the latter provided Roach longtime staffer Roy Seawright. In this, Ollie has «hornophobia» from working in noisy factory horn, so the doctor prescribed Finlayson going out to sea for his vacation. Oli does not like to ride on the boat so Stan suggests they just rent one that is docked so that they do not have to go anywhere. Once they find the one they want, we find that the convict Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) just ran ... I'll come back and say that it was a good finale for L & H longtime home, as one would hope. It's fun mainly from beginning to end, and knowing that this would be their last for a man partially responsible for their teams up really badly, when one thinks about it. Oh, and I have a couple of last words: this is the final form of the film as Harry Bernard, who plays a harbor patrol after several years of meeting Stan and Oli as a police officer, and that Ben Turpin, in the cross-eyed comedian, who was born in New Orleans, which a couple of hours of my current home town of Baton Rouge, whose second L & H is the appearance of the previously "married" the boys in our wife. The last performer is especially true comic moment. Well, I have a 1940 Stan and Ollie was their last film released from the Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year that the comedy team, both born in New Jersey, will make his first shot at what would be their home studio, Universal. The director of this movie will be the same one that is sent to L & H in the fly tandem in the previous year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. ps It was during this survey that the head script Virginia Lucille Jones got into an accident involving rolled carpet. This incident caused Oliver «Babe» Hardy, to send her roses in a hospital ward. They fell in love and married on March 7, 1940, he went to Babe's death in 1957.
