It follows the block-HEADS fool at Oxford, two films that are hard to top. Not that SAPS at sea bad film - this is the last good comedy (if not insist on JITTERBUGS or other of the later films), Laurel and Hardy did. It's just that it's throwing-off of a short film, without the insane destructive crescendo block manager or a strange look "real" Stan's personality in a fool revel in Oxford. After 57 minutes, it is shorter than the other two films a little, but it's actually not a bad starting point for this. He has plenty of time for him to hit the right notes. It's just not as special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie's work at the factory, which produces horns. I suspect that there was a bit of influence of Chaplin in this sequence (one recalls a similar incident conveyor in the modern era, only four years ago). Ollie nerves finally snap, and he goes on a rampage. He goes home and (of course) his neighbor in the room does not help Stan - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument (you have it - the trombone). After beating poor professor, Olli has problems with incompetent janitor / engineer (Ben Tyurpenom in good appearance short), and then to his physician (Jimmy Finleyson) and its nervous tester (balloon that inflates as you push air from the stomach Olli). Finleyson announces that it is a bad case «horniphobia», and Ole needed vacation with a lot of quiet and goat's milk. They end up going on the ship, but Stan and Ollie do not know anything about the navigation - so they plan to sleep on the boat. Unfortunately, the goat is eating the rope until it breaks down and the ship sails. In addition, unfortunately, on board Richard Kramer, who escaped a dangerous criminal. It will not be a relaxing vacation. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (like a fool) would be three short, one factory, one in the apartment, and one on the boat. Everyone would be successful is short, and they all make a funny film - but stitching together parts of the show. There are some very interesting moments in the film - the discovery of how the inability to Turpin causes various misadventures with water taps and stoves in the apartment; "Can you help me find a basement" occasional remarks Construction Manager Charlie Hall, when Stan and Ollie run away from him and asks directions (asks Stan - "Of course, you can not miss it - it's down," said Hall, who understands that stupid comment, he just made); Kramer and mistreatment of his two hostages slaves. He calls Ollie "Vertigo" and status "Duffy" (an allusion to the Dean Brothers Team St. Louis Cardinal 1930 - see Dan Dailey in Honor of St. Louis.). Kramer has to prepare his boys some food - and they do synthetic food (boot laces for spaghetti, for example) to get his patients to be depressed. If he realizes that they have done, he makes them eat the food themselves. Their reactions are brilliant. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not on par with the top line of Laurel and Hardy films, but it's a good film, in general, and a good conclusion, the best years of their film career (1927 - 1940), when they were with Hal Roach. In just a couple of years before there were boys and Roach had serious problems with the production cost (our relationship, where Stan was the producer of the film), artistic tasks (from SWISS MISS scenes were cut meaningless), and contractual arguments (leading to being an ally to Harry Langdon in Zenobia). Stan and Ollie to strike back with a bat twos, where production was not Roach, but Boris Morros. In the latest deal on two paintings from Oxford fool SAPS AT SEA concluded the arguments and problems - and on a high note guys left Roach. Unfortunately, they have not found any subsequent attitude of the film with the producer satisfactory, as it were.
