Spider-Man, in my opinion, the best superhero ever, and this game is the best superhero game ever. While this may be somewhat easy, you have to play it a few times to get all the costumes and comic bit that makes up how easy to get through the game. It may seem difficult to control at first, but once you get the hang of it, you will be web-Rigging, like himself, Spider-Man. <br /> <br /> bosses, while the levels of some easily are fun. The first boss, Scorpion, incredibly easy to beat, that should not be so, because, as the comic book fans know, Scorpion is one of the most dangerous villains of Spider-Man. The second boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The third boss Venom, which, in my opinion, the easiest boss in the game, which certainly should not be. Fourth boss again Venom. This time, it's a little more difficult to beat, but still easy. Fifth mystery boss, I think it's exciting boss battle in the game. It is also one of the toughest bosses, but again, is still pretty easy. Next boss Carnage, which, you guessed it, it is easy to win. But Carnage actually kind of fun to fight. Seventh Doctor Octopus boss, who, like all the other bosses are easy, but not as easily as the others, because he has a shield. The eighth and final boss exclusively for the game, never in the comics or cartoons. I will not spoil it for you, for those of you who have not played the game, but the boss is the only boss in the game, which is not so easy. It took me 4 or 5 tries to beat while the other, I beat on the first or second attempt. <br /> <br /> In general, a very good game. I gave it an 8 out of 10. The reasons why I did not give it a 9 or 10 is that once you get all the costumes and comic book covers it becomes a kind of boring (to get all that stuff will take some time, though), it is not exactly in accordance with the comics or the cartoon show, the boss is too easy and they had to use the Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin boss, I think it would be interesting to compete who are flying in the air! They did not use them in the future to this game ever! Well villain Green Goblin in the upcoming Spider-Man movie, so we hope that they will make a video game based on the movie.
