Jacknife war movie that just about as far away from the war, as war movies get. It can hardly be classified as a war film, because the only way that any war has an impact on the story or the characters in his memoirs about him, and even them we hardly ever shown. This creates a very interesting questions about life, especially that the slogan of the film says that only one of them actually live (and by the way, even though the subtitle refers only to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert De Niro), it shows all the three characters in the film). Megs and Dave were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs is back Dave take on a fishing trip that they were planning a lot longer than you might guess. <br /> <br /> DeNiro delivers excellent performance nature of Megs, who we really are not sure if we wanted to, or if he really is as nuts as Martha thinks he is. Dave recalls March several times that Megs is not his friend, just someone he knows. There is a great scene in the beginning of the film, where Megs left to grab six pack of beer out of the car for breakfast, and it is just a corner of the room when Dave says it. Megs pauses for a moment, and then goes into the room with a huge smile and a greeting. It was not until later that you realize how Megs must have felt when he heard that, he was the one to remember what they planned to do that day. It reminds me of the old fakeness, `Sure, let's do this" thing that people so often say to each other, never having had any plans to do such a thing. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris delivers excellent performance, like Dave, who never got over the effects of the war on him. Even after many years, he could not get over the death of a friend during the war, blaming himself this day for him, and thus suppressing the life of alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. All he wants, he says, for people to leave him alone. This is not a man who lives his life the way he wants, whether people really leave him alone or not, he is a man trying to forget that he is still alive, in order to separate themselves from the world of the living as much as possible. <, Br /> <br /> His sister March reminds me of myself at least from the point of view of my roommates. I have two roommates that are 21 and 24 years, and both act like they still live with their mothers, waiting for their masonry just leave when they leave the room for a while. One particular on (older friend, quite unfortunately), has absolutely no idea how to take care of themselves, I am surprised that I did not wipe his chin while he eats. March should do the same for his brother, whom she waits on her hands and feet, and he staggers through life from one to another hangover. March and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life, and none of them can not get out of it, unless something major changes, and Dave is the one that needs to make a change. <br /> <br /> I usually complain about the romance in the movies, where she does not belong to just about the same as Roger Ebert complain about those miserable tensioners, red digital display. But in this case I do not think romance that develops between Megs and Martha any adverse impact on the rest of the film. On the contrary, it made it even more interesting, since it was not predictable. The problem with romantic podagovorami in Bruckheimer movies and whatnot, they are so predictable that you just wait for the obvious end to come and hope that something interesting is happening on the road. In this case, however, it is not so obvious that something is going to happen between Megs and Martha, because we do not know enough about Megs. March may be right about him, that he was one of the crazy war buddies Dave, and that he is not a man, that it should meet. Dave, of course, encourages the idea. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) After a few years after this movie, DeNiro made Cape Fear, where he plays a deranged criminal revenge against the lawyer who landed him in prison, a symbol that, in retrospect, makes it is very easy to think that, maybe, in the end Jacknife Martha realizes his mistake, get rid of Megs, and she and Dave do, because he saved her from a terrible relationship, and then he decides to clean up his act because he has done something good for her. I half expected it to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs wound up together and even more pleasantly surprised when Megs Dave asks all the questions about what they planned to do after the war ended. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it is slowly moving drama, but Jacknife entertained along the way and has a huge payoff in the end, surprisingly manages to be juicy without being bad. There is almost an excess of emotion at the end of the film, which hardly fits into the rest of the film, but it is so good that it does not dumb down anything that the film made up to that point. Each Party shall provide excellent performance, and this is one of those rare films that just about makes you want to stand up and shake their fists in the air in triumph.
