The combination of reading Novella and viewing of this film inspired by my wife and I to a new level. I recently thought about the statement of the artist Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspirational books; He states: "You and I were not designed to breathe the fetid air traffic five hours and I do not think God had a banal television programs, media hype, buying useless, and pollution of the soul as when he created the universe .. .. "I did not see" a river runs through it "for several years, but after considering the statement something Kincaid drew me to watch a movie with the spiritual eye. I watched it and saw a whole new world for the film, and it inspired me to read a book (a must read). I've always been disappointed in Southern California, but somehow fell into the materialistic society. The movie really puts in perspective, we need to truly experience God's creation. The combination of Macleans stories and my desire to move back to the north-west has driven me to move to Montana. I want my future children to be able to rome landscape, to fly with me, take a ride in anything but an open land and serene lakes, set in the mountains. A place where you rarely worry about crime. I look around SoCal, and all I see is the shopping malls, roaring rude people in their MERCEDEZ Bens, mile vehicles on congested freeways, gangs, racial bustle on the brink of violent eruption, and all are skeptical of each other's intentions. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the film is very inspiring with brilliant acting and deep story about tender joints close. There is a lot of deep thinking in this film. The scenery is worth seeing alone and actually helps to relieve tension. You have to finish this film a relaxed yet full of insights to your own life. It takes a compassionate, intelligent, and a spiritual man, to really understand the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema as a director achieves its goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, decoration, angles / movement etc. Then this movie is probably not for the crowd, which thinks "Fast and Furious" is the biggest film. Of course it was interesting but shallow <br /> <br /> The result :. This film helps us to understand that life is not about how much money you have or what kind of things you possess. Most likely it is about your relationship with family and friends and you share experiences with each other. QUALITY NOT QAUNTITY
