"Italian" is one of the great or near great films of 1915, which are available today. Year was a turning point for the feature film, especially in America: Lois Weber, "Hypocrites," DeMille «The Cheat" and, of course, D. W. Griffith's "Birth of a Nation" is setting new benchmarks for the art. In addition, this year, the Russian director Evgenii Bauer made two of his best paintings, "After Death" and "Dreams." French serial «Les Vampires» also has its supporters today, although I do not agree with them. The appearance of a feature film under the direction of Europe, mainly in Denmark, France and Italy, but the dominance of the market and, to some extent, the art moves across the Atlantic in 1915. <br /> <br /> The most important artistic achievement "Italian "is stunning and often innovative cinema. There are some spectacular sunsets, mobile frame, including a short over his head at an angle shot of the Italian race to buy a wedding ring and another shot of him holding on to move the car, and, in general, there is a reasonable use of different perspectives and expert lighting throughout. Especially strange shot close-up of the Italian enraged as he slowly approaches the camera for extreme close-up, with reference to D.W. Griffith's "The Musketeers Pig Alley» (1912). He was so angry with his entourage even starts to shake around his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the filmmaker seems to be unknown. Director, although initially without credit in the film, as it is now known, was Reginald Barker. Five or so of his other films, made for Ince also available today, but pretty unremarkable. "Civilization" (1916), in which he worked, was a big production, but deeply flawed film. By the way, I think that one or more of the various filmmakers who worked on "civilization" and photographed the "Italian". <br /> <br /> In addition, all products are very advanced at that time. Venice and New York, as it turns out, in spite of the film is shot in Los Angeles (for idealized Venice) and San Francisco (ethnic slums of New York). There are ample memories, though perhaps one or two too many. I especially like the clever framing the story as read in the book of the character played by the same actor, George Beba, who is also leading in the interior, the main story. Read the story below briefly framed by opening and closing at the beginning of the end curtain draping, a la the theater, which is reflected in the internal history during the climax of revenge in a child's room, with opening and closing of the window covering. Parallel editing in the chamber and dissolves the iris and are handled professionally. In addition, Beban and Clara Williams, like his wife, played his part well. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, "Italian" has several drawbacks. the early moments of a collision of the film comedy, and disgarmonichen with the last part of the harsh and heavy melodrama, though environmental changes from an idealized Italy naturalistic New York work well ?? mainly because it is supported by lighting and photographs. Severe dissolution of the American dream in this film is enhanced stunning photographs, must be bitter to the classes of immigrants who are disproportionately film publicity population then. Character Corrigan had a predestined; a brief introduction of the company for another policy seems to be insufficient for their subsequent central Italian. In addition, the filmmakers were either medically or negligence NAIF not explain the lack of breast-feeding a baby and unfounded faith in the healing power of silence for another child. Apart from the weaknesses in the plot, "Italian" is exceptionally well done.
