I read a short story by Norman Maclean, but the film did justice writing Norman Maclean. My husband usually re-read it from time to time, and I'll read it and a scene of the film keeps coming to mind. We have a lot of video Redford movies ?? C, and we watched "The river runs through it" many times. Redford is a part of «famdamily», he is always there. We never get tired of perception Redford Norman Maclean's writings, and the beauty of Montana. The scenario is very similar to my own upbringing, my father was the same as his father's calling Mr. McLean. According to "Where the River Runs Through It," "Methodists are Baptists who can read," line, which, by the way, not in the short history, but I think it's funny line! My husband and I are well-read Baptists! <br /> <br /> I heard the state of film criticism that the pace of the film is too slow. I do not agree. As one searches the inner world, is the type of movie that will make you contemplate the beauty of nature in the three / four beat of the metronome. The photography is outstanding! The acting is great. I love the scene where Norman and Paul, the boys said, and wondered whether a fly fisherman or boxer can! Then, as adults Paul played Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is the "perfect guy" who needs help with his alcoholism, but does not accept it. The same applies to Neal Burns, who uses a worm as bait, he needed help, but would not accept the fact that he needs help. The scene in which Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and whole family had to wait forever to say grace! Finally, after several hours, they all kneel down around the table to say, "Grace," and they all leave. But oatmeal left on the plate! That scene where the two love birds and their tattoos on their posterior! This is ridiculous! Sunburn! Drive back home where Jesse Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to go on the train line! Wonderful dialogue when Norman offers Jesse, because he wants her to come with him to Chicago! <br /> <br /> himself Redford does an excellent job as narrator. I could not help comparing the young Brad Redford (Barefoot in the Park). Appointed director, producer, actor, a visionary who deserves to be praised for its progress not only in the movies in the United States, but also worldwide. I'm glad I live in nineteen, because I have seen the beginning of the black-and-white television, cinema and all the technology and special effects, to be able to watch videos at home and live in the same century as Redford, because I had the opportunity to see him work. Radford does not require any special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. River I means that the line that separates life from death, memories and reality. Redford shows the hand of the Creator so great and a river runs through it.
