Coonskin may be my favorite Bakshi film. Like the best of his work, it is in your face and without hesitation at this for a second, but unlike some of his other works (even when it is at its best it was before and after Coonskin with heavy traffic and Wizards), it is not very uneven, despite assurances to the contrary. Bakshi taking on stereotypes and perceptions of race, of course, but also that he is doing what appears to be coasting operation of the film; almost blaxploitation, although Bakshi entirely stop just there. If it was only with Flick blaxploitation inventive animation may be sufficient for a substantial feature. But the goals are higher Bakshi: throwing these absurd and exaggerated images of not only black, but the Italians / mafia, homosexuals, Jews, New York general types of urban neighborhoods in Manhattan in 70 years, it does not seek to do anything realistic. The most normal looking creation in finding addresses 'real', in fact, a naked woman painted red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> In mocking the stereotypes and conventions and terrible forms of racism (ie, "tar -rabbit, baby," a joke, but a joke, plus a black face), we look at the grand abstraction degree. And best of all, Bakshi does not take himself too seriously, unlike Spike Lee with the film as Bamboozled, in delivering his message. That's why, for the most part, Coonskin fun part of the job, where some of the images and the things made and sudden turns and, of course, scenes of awkward behavior (I loved the scene where three animated characters are spoken in real life white couple in tuxedo dress and how to look "colorful" and the like), is simply too much not to laugh. This is not just an image, that in itself is incredibly "over» -stylized, but the script is sharp and this is the key to Bakshi at this time, given that there are quite a cohesive story line of improvisation and madness. <br /> <br /> Using the first live-action, the animation, and then two extremely clever approvals (ironically, that Bakshi later went on commercial form with cool world T in here made with less money and rougher Territory), Papp and Randy waiting outside prison walls for a friend to run, and dads tells the story of the brother of the rabbit, which was brother bear and preacher Fox to go to Harlem and be a great time of hooligans, with a rabbit in direct opposition to Jabba-at-homes -Esquire character Godfather. This is obviously a take off on the Song of the South, with its deliberately light-hearted story and animation, here dismantled and shown how rotten and offensive it really is. <br /> <br /> However, Bakshi reraised all in combination forms; animated characters stand behind and move together with live action background; when violence and arrows and fights happening is as bloody as it can get for 1975; if a dirty cop in the bar and under the influence of drugs and put a black face and clothes, it works this way, of which not even Disney can reach from the dam; boxing match with his brother Bear and the opponent as the climax shot in the wild delayed; archive footage to come on from time to time old movies, some with and some 20s, who simply tasteless. <br /> <br /> As Mel Brooks or Kubrick or, more recently, South Park, Coonskin Bakshi function as entertainment first and then the second thought-provocation. It's also a daring filmmaking on an independent scale; everything takes a long time to mount and infinitely deformed designs for the characters (although they are all based on the theme of the piece), all thoughts are in a scenario where its B-movie plot opens up so much more for interpretation. To call him a racist misses the point; it as a challenge Dr. Streynzhlav of nuclear devastation or Confederate States of slavery. And this is one of the best satire ever made for me.
