After finally watching Disney songs of the South on MySpace, I decided to see response Bakshi to this film-Coonskin-Video Afro, which I linked to Google Video. In this case, during the live-action sequences, Preacherman (Charles Gordon) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) with him to pick up the popes (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas, years before he added his middle name professionally Michael) and the second two escape from jail. During their attempts, Dad says Randy story of Brer Rabbit (voice of Thomas), Brother Bear (White), speakers and Fox (Gordone) and their adventures in Harlem. As expected, many of these efforts Bakshi, is a combination of animation and live action that provides a unique point-of-view from the writer / director, who is sure to offend some people. Another fascinating cartoon character Miss America, who are great as a giant in every respect a white blonde woman dressed in tight red, white and blue stars and stripes, having a hold on the little black man and has him shot in one the most sexually violent ways that it was amazing to me is ridiculous! There are many such scenes permeate the picture which is another relatively frontal anatomy Brothers Bear also provided plenty of laughter from me. There's also a segment of the woman says her child to "cockroach" she was friends with someone who has left her that came in contact with that part of the imaginary to be a tribute to comic book artist Herriman. I also auditory version of Grover Washington Jr. was captured from the "Not a lot of Sunshine" heard as part of the score. The most convincing part of the picture Scatman saw himself portrayed with his head in the silhouette of the opening credit sequence singing and scatting to the song, which has it with the N-word in a satirical way. When I saw the VHS cover this movie years ago, he is depicted Brother Rabbit in the brazen operation before that was similar to the following Warner with the slogan "This film will offend all." This is quite a warning for those who think that all cartoons are intended to children. Nevertheless, I would definitely recommend Coonskin amateur Bakshi and every form of animation.
