Stunning realization occurs when some event happens !! Let it be a show of fireworks, witnessed the robbery, carefree devastating hurricane everything in its path, or, for that matter, any other exciting appearance !! In the case of McLean family, however, Wake was the fact that there was no more complicated than their daily lives..Montana in the early twentieth century was a Wednesday, which was rough and tumble ... McLean family consisted of four people, the father , the minister, who was forced to raise his ideological family properly. His wife was one that feared God, and obedient. Both boys were, well ... Boy !! .. What else can you say? ... Brad Pitt starred in the film before it was actually !! Brad Pitt and his acting performance in this film was, to put it mildly, a great !!! .. His brother, Norman, was a type of cerebral, he was touched by the emotions that were true, and motivated by a set of values, the Missoula, Montana agreed !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was an eccentric on the displacement, and lived on the edge ... You would think that Montana did not have anything like that in the 1920s, but somehow, gambling, drinking, and violent clashes, It was as much a part of the floor, as well as his fly fishing rod !! Fly !! Did I say that? Parenthetically, it was the core theme of this film !! Recovery fly served cohesive connection homogenized soulmates McLean brothers, and to a lesser extent, the father !! I would like to describe the action in this film is incredibly believable and cinematography went beyond the sensational .. Let's just say, who sees this film will want to live in Montana .. Spectacular filmography Blue Blue Mountains and streams seized the youth and foaming the brothers McLean had a life ... Rarely in the movie, you witnessed what feelings immediately call a persistent vitality, to fulfill all that may be, that someone wants to accomplish..The McLean brothers lived a full life, and for better or worse, the father I knew that this would be the only way in one of them could be the people !! ... Robert Redford directs this film, and tells the story of McLean through the prism of his older brother, Norman ... Norman gets offered a position at the University of Chicago at the age of 26 years, and marries a woman, he will always be in love with this ... the film also shows is that the younger brother, Paul, who reached in accomplishme nt alone, being the epitome of a great fly fisherman !! Seedier side of life is dominated by the existence of a younger brother, and has an insidious form of fear for family McLean !! Since most human flaws go, MacLean family made light of the turbulent waters, (literally) and, thus, found unity in the family, putting blinders necessary !!! <br /> <br /> At the end of the film "The river runs through it" is an epigram life eyes .. older brother to Norman Maclean, stoicism is a prerequisite for perseverance in his honorable years !! Such a fate is largely due to the fact that reflecting on his life tantamount to boredom for people who have died! The fond memories of his brother, his wife, his mother, and his father, must now be considered philosophically !! For Norman, his life has been relegated to the stubborn facts that determined his dubious look and erratic determination! Something as simple as the statement "This is your life, and how you live it" dark memories of joy, sorrow, regret, and love, he has given, and has been the recipient !! Best to put in the last sermon he heard that his father will give his father said: "We can fully love someone, not quite understanding them" .. If you agree with what happened in your life or not, it happened yet less! Norman Maclean must come to grips with the fact that his life was fragmented misunderstanding! Norman MacLean became frail octogenarian, who polarized virtual conclusions in my life !! Turbid water scenic rivers Montana serve as vicious and sketchy before finalizing his years on earth !! Undoubtedly, a very prolific statement "that sounds complicated, really very simple," relays the very jaundiced message in this film ... Simply put ... people and places that were important in the life of Norman, currently only a bitter memory .. .. just painful intellectual rumination of events that worsen ghosts waters of beautiful streams and rivers of Montana ... what, for the whole family McLean, "all merge into one and a river runs through it"
