There's a legion of Mick Garris haters out there who believe that he could not direct the film quality of horror, if it was. And Sleepwalkers (.. The script is written by Stephen King) is often used as an example of this. Like sleepwalkers, although I am fully aware that Harris simply says F # ck it and lets all hell break for about fifteen minutes or so of the film. Forget character or plot development, which in any case needs them. We are talking about the violent mayhem and carnage, as a mother and son pair of "lunatics" (.. cat-man Shapeshifting creatures that suck the life out of innocent virgin females, moving from town to town, living a nomadic way of life, a truly powerful ) set them swung at a teenager who does not give up without a fight. Before all is said and done, many will be killed, as the mother will not tolerate the possible death of his beloved son. <br /> <br /> Harris waste little time creating those which will be carried out as a teacher (Glenn Shadix), suspecting a beautiful, All American caster Charles Brady (Brian Krause), to be someone completely different from who he claims gets his arm ripped off, and his neck is broken in. Charles leads a pretty virgin in his arms, drawing their energy, in turn, is "feeding" of his starving mother, Mary (Alice Krige). Fresh new target Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick), and it seems to be easy to Pickens, but it will not be so, and if Charles was seriously injured in the fight (.. thanks parliamentary cat Clovis), Mary will reap revenge on all who gets his way. Mary, whatever happens, will get Tanya to the goal of "refreshing" of her dying son. <br /> <br /> Like many teenagers, I was in love with some of the actresses that I have seen in the movies. Such as Dolenc, I was killed Mädchen AMICO. She's just adorable in this movie, and I love the way she bites her lower lip, which reflects a clear desire to Charles, not knowing of his ulterior motives. I just knew that Mädchen Amick is destined to become a scream queen, but it will never be so. Too bad, because I would have welcomed it in the genre with open arms. <br /> <br /> Krige yummy as a breach, damn sexy but vicious and mean bitch, who destroys all the police and the poor father of Tanya in one fail swoop, in less than ten minutes or so. It permeates the one in the back with the cops! She bites her fingers poor Ron Perlman, before cracking his hand (bone protruding ..), knocking him unconscious with his own elbow! She tosses her mother Tanya through a window after breaking a vase of rose on the face of her father! MP stabbed in his ear Charles (Cops kebab!), Fall in pencil for extra impact. Poor Tanya pulled hair from her home, Mary, brought to Brady's home and forced into an impromptu dance with mutilated monster! Sheriff threw on the palisade, and we see a cat fight with lunatics unlike humans. We see Mary and Charles's ability to "dull" himself and his car, using the power of invisibility. Writer Stephen King even finds time to include the director and his friends Horror in the sequence at the crime scene with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper, as employees forensics, Joe Dante, John Landis as a photo expert. <br /> <br /> The film is shot in the cheek, tongue-in-let-it-all-hang-out way to the music properly forging the equipment home. We are talking about ultra-violence, simple as, with some abnormal behavior and jet black humor compliments directions Harris and King scenario. Incestuous angle lunatics a little shake, and in your face. Without a lick of complexity, it is closer to the vein of his own crazy MAXIMIMUM OVERDRIVE King than his more serious work.
