Batman and Superman. Iconic. The best part of a hundred years. Who does not know these two? There must be countless fans who would die to make a film about them. Collor went ahead and put together a trailer of the film (which does not exist and is not created, much less this command). It is possible that this is the most going for it as it is polished. Throughout cinematography solid. Spot- editing. Production values, even with the costumes are more like their comic counterparts than those of feature films with the participation of these characters are quite high. It looks pretty "Hollywood", this trailer. Physical types are suitable for, as far as I can see, each sign. Line intelligently written. Shots are well thought out, beautifully achieved and effectively. However, it does have problems, and despite looking good, it does not quite match the energy and skill of Grayson (who only had a balance problem-reeling too much back and forth between short and trailer, as well as unbridled passion leads the inclusion of too many characters and ideas). Action is, perhaps, the most obvious. This ... is not good. Even some of those who have only one line and / or unlikely to appear on the screen even manages to failure in the delivery of good performance. Actors cast in the part, seems to have been chosen more on how much they look like the characters they play, what their talent. Then there is a letter. Indeed, the plot, well, that minuscule amount is (and this character is combined, is about some evil plot ...) is good. There is a problem in the characterization. While most of the characters seem to fit, two-faced, well, about the same as a cackling madman (which is quite simple, as I understand it, is not that character), he was in Batman Forever (with your work at drawing every element of the universe Batman compared with efforts Joel Schumacher can be considered the biggest insult to the fan). In addition, entering this character in this will cause a comparison between the trailer and the film (to be honest, Collora almost * begging * for it with a similar original show) to be made, and, let's face it, it loses each respect. Michael Antonik definitely does not have the screen presence, Tommy Lee Jones is doing and make-up (which is, in the above find essential) is not as strong as in the film (if he was not good in the film is another question). The sad thing is that while Fiarela (John, who created Grayson) seems to be much more in the comics, and get them their depth, better (not to mention having the ability to come up with a convincing story ... Grayson was enough material for half a dozen feature films, or more), Collora, seems to be one with access to the funds and the one who is more likely to have contact (in the presence nya-indie credit on his filmography) actually have a chance to ensure that the actual function of his trailer. I'm going to look for other work in Collora. But Fiarela is one of two, whose work I will definitely be most interested. I recommend this to fans of the characters. 7/10
