I heard about this movie while watching VH1 «100 Most metal moments." On the segment, Gene Simmons (who played a cameo), and several other interviewees discussed how completely awful this film. Unlike most people, I often check out interesting films that have a reputation for being ridiculously bad, than, say, a movie masterpiece. The advantage of having this kind of attitude is half the time I find out that the movie is not as bad as people have said, and I ended up enjoying it much more than I originally expected. It has been my experience with the "Trick or Treat". Now, it's hard to make a film about a teenager who receives messages from the dead heavy metal stars, playing one of his old records in the reverse direction without the ridicule of people in the room. Of course, it is certainly a strange room, but one that has never been done before! Give filmmakers points for originality for Pete's sake! If you want to buy a DVD, without having prior knowledge of the movie, do not be fooled into thinking, Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars. Nevertheless, although the thankless role Simmons, Ozzy has a funny cameo as a reverend (that's right, Reverend !!), who opposes the heavy metal. On the one hand, it is amusing to see Ozzy with short hair. And another thing, you can not help but laugh at the irony. Of course, this is a cheap shot, but effective. The acting is pretty good. I found a convincing performance. teen characters are terribly cliched. So expect the usual array of jockeys and botanists. And in each of these films, a beautiful girl, a decent person, who has a liking for the alienation of the protagonist, but it continues to go with her boyfriend Jock. Why is she going with a complete jerk in the first place? Because the story needs an obstacle. No other reason. But I can not deny that one of my guilty pleasures is watching evil jocks in these films are coming down, so I was an outcast in school. The film kept my interest for the most part, but the third act is too conditional and made me roll my eyes, it would be a predictable situation for others. But in general, the film is not really bad, and definitely worth a look for a rainy day. (7 of 10)
