Undoubtedly, the best heavy metal horror element made in manic headbangin 80s, which admittedly does not sound like a lot, considering how totally awful lot of other records in this amazing little fright film subgenre as "Hard Rock Zombies", " Blood Tracks, "" Terror on Tour ", and especially wicked Jon-Mikl Thor starring bitch" Rock'n'Roll nightmare "tend to be. that aside, this is one more deserves props to downplay excessive splashing and without the need to shout special f / x spree in favor of focusing on adolescent character high school, which are displayed with greater sharpness and credibility than the norm for teen- in the mid 80s target scarefest. In addition, the film induced sardonic parody of both ridiculously bloated 80's heavy metal nonsense and nauseating smugness with anxious Killjoy conservative Stiffs that They claimed that it was the devil's music very clever and funny money (the famous Greed Decade heavy metal god Ozzy Osbourne has a hilarious bit as bland anti-metal TV evangelist!). <br /> <br /> Mark Price (hopelessly dweeby Skippy on "Family Ties") gives a surprisingly strong and winning performance as Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer, causing socially awkward and persecuted heavy metal fan who constantly pesters to the arrogant jerk preppie bullies who make up the majority of students at Lakeridge High school (cruelty spiritedness and the standard of higher education is nailed with a painfully precise accuracy). Eddie takes life for the worse when his rock star idol Summit Tek (clearly tapped out an image of Tony Fields) is killed in a fire at. Hip local disc jockey Nuke (KISS frontman Gene Simmons in a cool cameo) catches Eddie with the latest, unreleased album Summit, which used to be played back resurrects the evil spirit CURRENT back from the dead. Sammy urges Eddie to incite it at all unsightly scum that make the lives of poor Eddie's notorious Hell, only to have a good-natured, Eddie reluctantly be used-to-be partner. This is Eddie, using markers good girl Leslie Graham (likeably of attempted lovely Lisa Orgolini), to stop Semy before things get too out of hand. <br /> <br /> He knew how laudable aims with diligence and sensitivity of character actor Charles Martin Smith (who also appears briefly as a teacher of the school botany), the fight was written by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Soysson and Rhet Topham and skillful acting cast uniformly up-to-tobacco is unmistakable sleepers even supplied with several fine "jump" moments (galling attack at the rear of the grotesque dissolute chatty mutant rate things as a specific peculiarity), stirring «Carrie» sequence c Thiel High School slaughter dance, gently used the installation of Halloween, the place to be right shows how truly ugly business, and a solid central message that you should not do the specific hyped man of his character strictly calculated posturing against the establishment, said a staff member makes to qualify F .About. h, that special status.
