Best film about the Battle of San Antonio, Texas, in March 1836, was the 1960 John Wayne epic Alam. The setting for one shot as a director producer who temporarily financially tied it, Wayne revealed that he was talented in making the film beyond its icons as acting skills embody the West. <br /> <br /> I said in the review of this film the other night, and I said that Wayne and James Edward Grant (writer) to address some issues that were barely mentioned in the previous films about the battle. They bring in the question of slavery. In addition, they finally discussed the contribution of the local Mexican land owner Seguin as an important leader in the war for independence at the same level with Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there is one weakness (though well hidden) in the film. Wayne has worked hard to throw it properly, thinking of many people, for the leading role in it. But he did not properly handle the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio de Santa Anna. The role played by a little-known actor Ruben Padilla (on this board, its flow shows only three credits in the list). Padilla had no spoken dialogue (even in Spanish). And while he's got one of the last shots in the film, it just shows how quiet tyrant, watching the burning body of Americans and their allies. <br /> <br /> Despite a few bad choices in the casting of the telefilm (Alam: Thirteen Days to CLORY), this is the best film that shows a person who was (from 1836 to 1854) is the leading stuffed up American politician. Raul Julia was a great stage actor. I was lucky enough to see it in production (in the late 1980s) and MAN weapons in Manhattan, Sergius. He was never boring, and usually the first course of its action. <br /> <br /> Here we see a selfish monster at its worst. Nothing is acceptable that does not correspond to the wishes or activities of Santa Anna. This may be a failure as a medical orderly in the army to bring the subject he asked quickly, or it could be the folly of these "foreign rogues" (as he saw the Americans) on Sun knuckling down to himself, "Napoleon West». <br /> < br /> Santa Anna was president of Mexico, five or six times between 1830 and 1855. he claimed that he first got involved in the overthrow of the president, because the president did not live up to the country's constitution, but it was the power that kept him going year per year. it is a sad comment that he was a leading Mexican historical fig nd in these two decades. No politician or military leader will not rise to override it, until Benito Juarez did in the late 1850s. Initially, he claimed great liberal ideals, but it is once admitted that the Mexican people were children, who needed a guide for a hundred years before they could manage themselves (and, hence, it sounds like Gilbert Roland in crisis to talk about the people he helped lead to Jose Ferrer). The amazing thing about him was he was able to keep coming back. His policies were a disaster. While we know of his attack on the Texas (crush the revolt there), he tried to expand in Guatemala (and probably saw himself as a control much of Central America). He will win the Alamo, but at a high cost of living. Its mass murder of Colonel Fannin at Goliad unforgivable (one can make a case for the destruction of the Alamo defenders who have fought to the last, but Fannin shown). Then disaster of San Jacinto, where his army was destroyed (it failed to take adequate precautions to follow the American troops). He was taken captive and humiliated and forced to sign the surrender of Texas. Houston had been kind to him, the troops would pull it <br /> <br /> for lost a leg in the battle against the French in 1838. In addition, he could not hurt most of their wars .. He refused the forced surrender of Texas but could not militarily excessive it. Instead, he will defeat Mexico in the war 1846 - 48 against the Americans, which led to the Mexican session. The United States was "decent" enough to pay Mexico $ 15000000 in the south-west, but Mexico lost half its territory. He will be president for the last time in 1853, in time to give a terribly bad administration of Franklin Pierce is one moment of glory - Santa Anna sold the border of Arizona and New Mexico (hereinafter the «Gadsden Purchase») there is no other President of Mexico in the United States (even Porfirio Diaz) ever to cost his country so much (Diaz did sell overseas business interests, but he created the economic muscle of Mexico does so). He was exiled in 1855 and settled in Staten Island. There, he managed to make his most creative work: he introduced chicle to the United States, and it has become a chewing gum. Some of the achievements! <br /> <br /> Julia Santa Anna spent under a cynic and a schemer, who became the best purchase agent of the land of America. He is not going to stand in the opposition, and he jumps into the violent frenzy at any time. Most of the time, his chief aide, Colonel Blake (David Ogden Stiers, here born British officer) has its own language - he does not want to be in front of the shooting as it could be. But secretly Stiers less fascinated by his boss. In the end, when one on one with the recently widowed wives of dead defenders of the Alamo, Stiers believes what they are saying to the world that Santa Anna really likes. And they did it!
