Trick or Treat is a perfect example of Hollywood jumps on the "backwards messages in metal music" bandwagon that Tipper Gore and her Wives Washington plunged into the mid-80s (other, less successful records in this mini-genre include the horrible black rose and -durnomu GATE). I was a sophomore in high school when whether treat joke came out and could not wait to see it. It seemed to disappear from the video store before the end of the 80s, but I finally picked up a cheap copy of the DVD some time ago, and he brought a lot of pleasant memories from the metal back on the same day. Any metal nerd teenager can relate to tests Eddie «Ragman» Weinbauer (Marc Price "Family Ties") in this film as he is pursued preppie "beautiful" people in my high school for their heavy metal fashion and musical taste, Eddie favorite rock star samy flowed (that looks like Tommy Lee of Motley Crue), who was killed during a hotel fire in the beginning of the film. Eddie inconsolable until he receives a test pressing of the final, unreleased album Saogo from radio DJ (Gene Simmons of Kiss in a brief cameo). Eddie soon discovers that this LP, when playing in reverse, allowing it to communicate with the spirit of the undead themselves Saoy Curr! Soon Eddie Semy give tips on how to get even with his preppie cats, but if the message is injected into scariness ( «Waste'em ALL ... NO false metal!"), Eddie tries to destroy the album, which leads to Saomu back to life through Eddie stereo speakers. Same raids on the big dance in high school, Eddie and takes to the stage to rock the crowd and break up some hapless "false metalheads" before Eddie comes to save the day, and the girl of his dreams. (SIGH) No, it's not that big a deal in 2006, it was not even scared in 1986, but the joke or treat is a movie that will bring a smile to the face of any 1980s Metaller and has a kick-ass soundtrack kind of cult band Fastway. Well worth looking for if you ever hit your head or have a taste for horror movies B-class (or both like me).
