I must admit that it was always difficult to look at Antonioni film from beginning to end on the first try, and even for this, I ended up watching it in three parts repeatedly. In the end, I realized it was probably better because it made me stop thinking in conventional terms of the plot and just enjoy the scenes one after the other. <br /> <br /> The first part seems to be much more fragmented, which is not bad, it just takes more effort to follow. If it gets in the desert scene, all the efforts paid off in full. Stunning cinematography only part of it that actually makes it all the unforgettable, as the landscape is made in the overwhelming presence, silence and his band, the sense of sadness and freedom, as it melts, and contrasts with the two young characters. Desert dead, but at the same time, he feels less distant and alien than urban scenes in the first part. Dance between the aircraft flew over the car and the girl makes a series of great shots. Love scenes in the desert just beautiful, it is hard to imagine such an approach from the movie of our time. There is certainly something very stylish and learned about them, but at the same time they are able to express the feeling of natural, spontaneous innocence, which is very rare these days. All this feels free and untrained (also thanks to the understated actions), but it is the result of obsessive attention to detail and form, which comes to a climax in a series of explosions at the end is really fascinating sight. He just leaves you in fear <br /> <br /> I do not care about some of the common objections: boring - well, yes, it is, if you want all the films to follow the development of the classic plot and packed. with twists of action, but then, when all movies were so, it would be really sad and lonely pretentious - maybe, but if this kind of ambition associated with real skills, depth and style, pretentious it's a compliment. The "political" criticism makes the least sense to me, I do not see any reason to approach a film like this with the ideological blinders or worse, patriotic requirements. It's just defeat the purpose. Maybe it is true that, as noted by the previous commenter, Antonioni consider these young "hippies" and the policy of protests and riots with the police with delight a foreigner, but I think it adds something, rather than directly from the film. It is not true that hippies did not exist in Italy at the time (think in 68 protests, as in France), even though they were obviously different from the American counterpart and in some ways even more militant. But his interest in the film was not a narrowly political. These events appear to be more than an excuse for a film whose appeal is universal, timeless quality. <br /> <br /> A special mention for the sci-fi movie. Among other things, this film, along with Easy Rider, probably one of the most important early predecessors of modern "artsy" music video, and film soundtrack concept, which will stand on its own, but unlike the first, it uses music to a much a more subtle way, mixing it with the landscape, rather than action. <br /> <br /> If you want a traditional story in the movie, do not worry. If you want to be stunned, patience, and you will not regret it.
