If this film was made, hippie thing has gone mainstream. counterculture ideas were well organized, so such a great film could be made. However, it does have something to say, and that's saying is really beautiful. In addition to those, who are you waiting for just jerked off material, this movie is given credit for its beautiful scenes (which in itself is more than enough to see the film) of the total. The soundtrack to this film, which actually became more popular than the film itself, is another plus. Pink Floyd "Careful with that ax Eugene" fits very well with the explosions, the lack of music in other scenes gives the film a nice quiet mood. But. It seems that the messages have been overlooked more than anything in this film. If you do not understand that, as seems to be the case most of all, I'll give you a few tips: Man is part of the "reality of the group" (tough guy, what ever his name is Marc?), He leaves this group, saying something like:.. "I am ready to die, but not from boredom," he would later go on adventures with the stolen plane, probably look for some action if he is in the air, Dark Star Grateful Dead (from the Living / Dead album) play ( I think). this song contains the phrase "we'll go to you and I as we can," it is at least not heard in the film. (Perhaps by stretching it a bit too far, this means that it is important to quote?) On the plane, he checks the girl (Daria), who goes to his car to the conference (for a typical suburban families to live in a super-relaxing place in the desert, where everything is so simple and nice. for the whole family!), diving down, nearly hitting a car. He landed the plane, and joined the girl on her way to Detroit. They stop at Zabriskie, where they enjoy each other as human beings and nature. Later the family with a big car (the type that you sleep in) and speed boat shows visits from Zabriskie Point, my father said something like "what a waste of driving all the way here," and the child is sitting in the car, grinning. I felt "it was not much better than on TV »-attitude. Daria takes Marcus back in the plane, which is currently being painted in a psychedelic style, with an identifying number is changed to" no war "on one side and" no words "on the other." Bucks sucks "is also written on the plane. Mark takes the plane back to where he stole it from, to as Daria, before he leaves, or something, "I do not take risks," one of several hints that he did not care too much about his fate. (This is because he has the feeling that the environment that surrounds, not give him anything- «I wonder what's going on in the real world") at the airport he was met by police, shoots him, even if he had just returned the aircraft, Daria hears it on the radio, but decides to go to a conference in fancy mansion. Here, she feels like a stranger after her adventure with just killed one. She loves fresh water tech stone larger than a swimming pool. Inside the house, the audience once again hint of anti-materialism She's looking through the glass wall, with his hands on the glass as she was trapped. Business men are considered to be arguing, one side strive to make a big deal, while others are afraid of losing money. Daria goes out and looks at it, visualizing it erode. Once home, a few other things, undermine, such as a TV. She smiles, she is happy, has within it destroyed what it after a meeting with Mark to look at how negative <br /> <br /> In summary :. Mark, obviously the experience of "the reality of the group", is not very useful, since they just sit and talk, without taking any action. He clearly has a bad feeling about the way they are, and it seems that he feels that there is no point fighting it. He wants to leave. It helps to Daria, who "in mind, but not at work" sees his point. Where his sense of what is misfitted that led to his death, it is hoped, Daria uses ideas in a way that will more constructively. In the film, you will see how the city (LA) polluted commercial (too bad you have to show business to make a point), you can see business people, thinking that is the future, and so on, and you see people future unhappy with these and other situations, which is part of the modern sve in. <br /> <br /> I just saw this movie once, so I did not catch all the glasses, but of course I have a feeling that this film has to say, and I find it strange that this film can be called meaningless. When you say that the point is too obvious, I can understand why this movie is probably going to address the post-hippie radicals "dripping" anti-establishment thought. Despite the fact that there is a lot to say and his message is still needed today, largely developed in the same direction as it was oh yeah sixties. Zabriskie Point is a really great movie, which tells the story of a perfectly normal young men (not far from the hippie tripping around on tiptoe acid, digging all) looking for what they perceive as real, disgruntled usual. And this is done in the really beautiful.
