I was told that it was one of those "either you love it or hate it 'films. Well, I loved it. Obvious hippie era, dated and easy symbolism and all. So I probably have no taste at all, when it comes to Antonioni, but also La Notte (done exactly ten years ago), my favorite among his films so far. Made for two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point, was supposed to be the great American epic Michelangelo. But, apparently, it was a disaster. I really can not understand why. Before watching, I read that it was pretty boring, so I braced myself for a very slow movie - even though I love my slow film. For my taste, Zabriskie was not tedious moments in it. While watching, I made a mental note about how Europe was on the part of the director to make such frequent use of billboards in virtually every urban scene, huge billboards, dwarfing any human form in sight. This recurring visual element, it is obvious there is to emphasize that the way a person breaks consumerism in American society. But then I looked L'Eclisse right after that, which is located in Rome in the early 60s, and noticed that Antonioni often include billboards in it as well. In the end, the masterful use of landscapes, architecture, and inanimate objects in each frame, with or without human beings is a trademark of Antonioni ?? this is the way that it causes psychological conditions of his characters, with more or less low power and great visual effect. It is almost unrivaled in this skill. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point, which starred two very attractive potential customers who were supposed to be a big star 70's, but never did. Mark Frechette, whom I had seen in good WWI-set Francesco Rosi in Uomini Contro, was a very tragic life and died at the age of 27. According to his biographies, he donated his $ 60,000 profit from Zabriskie to the commune. Mark roles Daria Halprin, apparently, also the wife of Dennis Hopper later, a stunning natural beauty and attractiveness of the young Ornella Muti ?? one of those luminous beauties, who do not need a piece of make-up to turn heads. As Frechette, she only graced a pair of little-known films and never become a star, but at least she did not die tragically. In particular, Zabriskie Point has one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed - the one who brings home a sense of youthful mischief, how little I've seen - and much cleansing ending. This may be the most banal sequence ever filmed, as its symbolism goes, but I can not see how anyone can deny its beauty and great sense of emotional release. Never explosion looked so good and so poetic. This seems to be an explosion that restores order, and not resulting in chaos.
