There are not too many times when I see a movie and go, "so what?" But it was one of them. Maybe after watching Zabriskie Point I felt the same way Woody Allen felt seeing 2001- he just liked the film after watching it three times in two years, realizing the cinematographer was ahead of him in what is happening. Michelangelo Antonioni, one of his few attempts at creating in US movies (after the Red Desert, he Blow-Up, this film is China, and the passenger, all filmed outside of his native Italy), I felt that he almost tried to learn on the ways of the country through its own media skills. The results show that it is not enough money to present images, feelings, shades, colors, sounds and visual representation of the age. "The work of the director, to see," Antonioni once said. What would this mean that he will not disappoint for fans of his post-fifty works (I'm talking about the post-fifties, as I have not seen any of his films on behalf of L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> what he is doing is a lack of a point, at least, the view point that it can bring in the bloated and The Eclipse. You get the feeling that these characters around which topics released in their minds, but in this case, the characters and the actors do not bring great conviction or purpose. Antonioni, coming from the school of hard knocks, neo-realist film, it is doing what it can with its mostly non-professional actors (those who are looking for the most like real actor enslaved in the role of corporate characters), but the two stars Mark FRECHETTE and Dar ' I Halprin, it seems as if Antonioni by directing them. Perhaps that is the point. Split the story in three acts, fortunately not too confusing, since Mark avoids its existence around boiling, dangerous town life occurs in CIRCA LA area late 60s, and Daria is sent from Los Angeles to get to Phoenix to some business meetings. They meet by chance on a plane Mark (as he knows how to drive, maybe a bit of background information there?) And a car Daria meet, and they spend time together in an existential form of a groove in the desert. Besides stylistically fascinating when a bizarre sex scene, most of this act is not very interesting. <br /> <br /> The two wires fair enough to look at, but what attracts them to each other out of curiosity? Ideas that come forward (part of a script co-written by Sam Shepard) is not too revealing, for one brief moment, when the drugs are brought up against the reality of the exception. The film is then sent to the third act, and Marc decides to do the right thing, when catastrophic circumstances, and Daria comes to her boss the place, only to be disappointed in full (without taking into account the infamous last five minutes or so of the film). Although the film received its time telling his story, I did not have so many problems with the way I did that story attracts only a certain kind of viewer. I understand and share the feelings and doubts and fears, as well as the confidence of the "anti-establishment", but perhaps not quite Antonioni is fully aware of it himself. In some scenes, he as a director and editor (and often bizarre cinematography Alfio Contini) find decorations and backgrounds more instructive and fix than people in the foreground. Not to say, the technical side of Zabriskie Point without attracting much (this may make some feel drowsy, as Antonioni is probably much more as a documentary filmmaker, theater director he is said to Francis Ford Coppola). <br /> <br /> deserts, sky, city, and even face close-up shot with eyes filmmaker in love with the art of getting things in the frame, resulting in us. The soundtrack is also convincing, with the main impact, including the sweet song Rolling Stones at one point, and then crushing, surreal Pink Floyd song (renamed from "Careful with that Ax Eugene, one of his best pre-Dark Side) as a result of the explosion sequence. If only the performances were not so one-sided, I would find it to be on par with Blow-Up or Eclipse. This unconventional genius, on the one hand, and on the other boring take on what was a hippie / radical movement in the late '60s. But hey, what can be boring for the Americans, such as myself was born in the eighties could not be otherwise, outside the United States, for example, say, Italy. It asks not to be discarded after one viewing.
