I know this is an unpopular position on Zabriskie Point, but I loved this movie. I know, I know - I legitimately can be called a fanatic Antonioni. I like L'Avventura, La Notte I love, I love L'Eclisse, I love the Red Desert, I like swollen, and I love Professione: Reporter (aka The Passenger). The only film by Antonioni that I do not like the only one I ever gave less than 8/10 (and one of only three that I gave less than 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse is the other two though I fully admit that I have to see them again), it is prohibitive, which can be called a fairly terrible movie. However, no better than a terrible film, if you catch my drift. So, if you're not a fan of Antonioni, you should only logical to ignore me. If you're even a casual fan, though, and you're wondering whether or not /> spit, which is usually despised even supporters of Antonioni, this particular film, the name of which, when it is said, is often accompanied by <br /> <br general worth a look, then the answer is YES. <br /> <br /> So, the reason that people tend to hate it because 99% of the movie watchers care only for the narrative of the film. Well, that's not entirely true. If the film is strange in a certain aspect, for example, action or cinematography or direction, and just decent in his narrative, commentators film could very well love it. But the film may be the most bizarre visual masterpiece is lame or illogical plot - that's another thing that ruined the movie for many years: the logic - they absolutely hate the movie. I actually agree with it in some respects. How can I not like me, and I want to change my opinion, it's really hard to love a movie, whose story I perceive as poor. However, other people tend to chafe at the free stories. This, of course, something that should attract viewers from Zabriskie Point. I could connect the history with you, but you probably just think it was pointless. It is, in fact, but to me that just made every effort fantastic and beautiful. I would actually compare it favorably to 2001, that is my favorite movie. Nonetheless, 2001. quite coherent in comparison with the chaotic descriptive this film. <br /> <br /> What Zabriskie Point in the shovel of this mood. Music helps a lot; Assessment includes many acts of the day, including Pink Floyd. The mood seems like the mood of other masterpieces of Antonioni, filled with loneliness and desolation. In addition, the freedom that comes from it. The best sequence in the film, when the leading man and a woman (called Daria, I know, but I do not remember his name) to go in his car near the historical marker on the desert road. There, behind a stone wall, which was built to cars sliding out, the ancient lakebed. It is basically a rocky desert, and the two go play in it. Installation is extremely beautiful. The woman says: "This is such a beautiful place What do you think.?" Man: "I think he's dead," There's no inclination to whether it is good or bad is very similar to the sentiments expressed in other films.. Antonioni -. characters are constantly wanting to disappear or become invisible Instead, David Locke, the protagonist of The Passenger, fed up with journalism, we have a young hippie patient policy of his friends - he thinks that they talk too much and do not act, they feel right, or at least he says he does. I bldg aetstsa, more like he just wanted to get out of the situation. <br /> <br /> The film is also simply amazing visually. Antonioni all identified only a few shots, but his visual style is always building. I like Passenger more than I Zabriskie Point but Zabriskie Point may be his ultimate achievement in this aspect Well, it may seem strange -.. L'Avventura and Red Desert surprisingly beautifully I think it's a movement of the camera, which is particularly surprising here. He obviously made a lot of money on bloated, which was the largest art house hit of its time, the largest ever at this point. He spends his well here, especially with its air arrows. One of the greatest episodes in the film involves a man who stole a private jet men dive bombing Daria in her car. <br /> <br /> The only thing that can be rightly criticized this film policy. They, of course, indulgent. Not that hippies were lenient, but this vision Antonioni hippies - there were not any in Italy, of course - it's weird and, well, filtered through the eyes of a foreigner. There's a pretty child's criticism of advertising, but this criticism, which still exists today. I say, you can not people just ignore it? What does this hurt? You go to buy things you do not want to, because the billboards? There is also criticism against capitalism. Daria, secretary, working for a company that steals land in the desert - land that she and a man uses for itself - in order to cheap suburban houses for the families. Rod Taylor, a very underrated actor, best known roles were in The Time Machine and The Birds, plays her boss. The ending, which I will not spoil - you have to see it - almost insultingly cheap. I can, however, understand the treatment of police officers. Not that I despise them as a whole, but they were terrible at the time. They can still be terrible at the moment. They have always had too much power. <br /> <br /> These hackneyed arguments against the American way of life is still not affect my opinion of the movie a lot. I find this filtered view of America is extremely interesting. I really do not think that hippies would not agree with Antonioni. 10/10.
