Saur If not done anything like this before, Iberia will be a milestone. Now it is still worthy of inclusion in honor of the great director and a great cinematic conservative Spanish culture, but it made a lot like this before, and while we can welcome the wealth he has given us, we have to pick and choose favorite and highest showing among such films, which include Blood wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El-Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salome (2002) and the Tango (1998). I would choose Saur in 1995 Flamenco as it is the most unique and powerful cultural document, which pales next to Iberia. <br /> <br /> Iberia conceived as a series of interpretations of the music of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909), and in particular, his entourage «Iberia» Piano. Joseph Albéniz was a great contribution to the externalization of the Spanish musical culture - its re-formatting for non-Hispanic audience. He moved to France in the early thirties and was influenced by French composers. His entourage «Iberia» is a creative synthesis of Spanish folk music with styles of Liszt, Duke and dEndi. He traveled performed his compositions, which are a kind of excellent standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenized as Ravel's Bolero, but to move in this direction. Naturally, the Spaniards seized Albeniz, and in Iberia, performers rethink their work in terms of a variety of more ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is tamed and diluted form of Spanish music and dance culture in comparison with ECHT Spanishness pure flamenco. Flamenco, leaving the Andalusia region, is deeply felt amalgam Gitane, Spanish, Arabic and Jewish cultures. Iberia simply peninsula including Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; the concept itself is more diluted. <br /> <br /> Flamenco Saura is a non-stop intense ethnic mix of music, song, dance, and that the noble fashion peacock embellishment, which is the essence of Spanish style, both male and female lead himself or herself with pride that borders on arrogance and elegance and panache - even bullfights and bullfighters walk full of it - in a series of electrical series without introduction or conclusion; they simply. Sauro has always stressed its cooperation with the entertainment choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In 1995 he threw Flamenco any excuse in history and just have singers, musicians and dancers move on and off the big soundstage with good lighting and screens, flats and mirrors located filmmakers Storaro, another Spanish filmmaker important collaborators. The beginning and end of the sequences in flamenco, often rough, but the atmosphere, marked only the roar and rustle of shuffling feet and a mixture of voices. Sometimes the film continues to feed, if the performance is over, and you can see Dancer bend, sigh or laugh; or someone just suddenly says something. In Flamenco, more than any other musical films Sauro This fascination, the intense interaction of singers and dancers and rhythmic clapping observer participants to shout Ole impulse that is "history" and creates magic. . As Saur really done magic, and perhaps it is better so when he fell down a traditional story <br /> <br /> Iberia is not in the same style, with some of the purest musical films Sauro: no narration, NO dialogue, only short names to specify the type of songs or region, starting with the pianist playing ALBENIZ music and moving gradually to a series of dance sequences and a little singing. In music, flamenco, the main element is the unaccompanied voice, and that voice is the most unmistakable and unique contribution to world music. This applies to other songs in other ethnic groups, but nothing is not equal to its unique raw hoarse ugly-beautiful cry that challenges you to do anything but listen to it with the very close scrutiny. Then comes the spikes and feet stomping, followed by dancing, in combination with other elements. There is only one song of flamenco in Iberia. If you like flamenco Sauro, you'll want to see Iberia, but you'll be a bit disappointed. Style is; some of the great voices and music and dance there. But the source of the concept and Iberia condemn it in less power and make it less rich and intense cultural experience.
