I was lucky enough to catch this film, finally, on the Turner Classic movies today, it is one of the films that have won an Oscar (for special effects) in its annual month of the Oscar movies. <br /> <br /> knob and broom easily sequel to the early success of the film Mary Poppins. This film has also been a great success and Oscar winner (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). Mary Poppins has BEDKNOBS David Tomlinson in it, in roles where he learns about the education of children. It's a great mix of live action and animation. It is set in the last period of British history (if not the Edwardian - Georgia World 1912 in London, England this coast during the "Dunkirk" Summer 1940). He even old Reginald Owen in it, here, as in general Zemessarde, while earlier it was Admiral Boom Mary Poppins. Oddly enough it was the ultimate role of Owen. <br /> <br /> sequences Home Guard (not too much in the film) reminds one of the British series DAD'S ARMY, dealing with the problems of the local militia in the early years of the war. This period is also well offered the appearance of three Rawlins children as orphans of war from the explosion in the Blitz in London. And (in typical Disney fashion) in the music room, "Portobello Road" various members of the British army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (complete with metal drums still!)) Is a Scottish and local women's auxiliaries in a suit. <, Br /> <br /> All of this, oddly enough, this is a plus. But the biggest plus is that for Angela Lansbury, her performance as the price rose hips, finally, is this: it is the only real musical lead. The characteristic of an acting career, Lansbury never got a real musical career role it deserves as aunts Mama MA in music, which was released shortly after BEDKNOBS made. She was singing in parts (in Gaslight its short on balloon BOYS, and in the picture of Dorian Gray and yellow BIRD, and - most importantly - the support and finally Harvey Girl with a final reprise IN Atchison, Topeka and Santa FE). But only here does she plays the lead female role. So if you hear her singing with David Tomlinson, you may be able to understand what we have lost, if she did not play Mama Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The rest of the actors are very good, Tomlinson immediately after learning that he can rise to the occasion after a life of relative failure. Three children (Cindy o'Callaghan, Roy and Ian SNART Veyhill) actually show a more interesting side to their characters than their predecessors in the Edwardian Poppins (Weighill, in particular, as something promising opportunistic thinking blackmail Lansbury, knowing she was a witch). Only strange waste (possibly due to the cut scenes) is Roddy McDowall as the local vicar, who in only two sequences of the film. With its possible role as a disapproval of the enemy magic, he had to have most of it. It should also be noted, John Erickson, a German officer who conducts a raid at the end of the film, only to discover that he is faced with something more powerful than he could have imagined in the British countryside, and Sam Jaffe as a competitor for the magic formula, Lansbury and Tomlinson seek. <br /> <br /> As for the animation, the two sequences under the water in the lagoon, and in the wild soccer game ever drawn well worth seeing, with Tomlinson drawn into the latter as an arbitrator, and becomes quite struck in various fees and battles. As I said, it's pretty thin sample of the best work of Disney.
