It's great to see Roshan Seth (strict father in 1992. "Mississippi Masala"), which once again takes on the role of the father and head of the family, and much more, such a long way, established in 1971 in Bombay, India, in addition, the close-knit family settings, the subject matters include lost and found in friendship; the sudden death of a friend (like a calm smiling face each other in the presence of death in the prayers felt peaceful - so Gustad Noble, character Roshan, similar to shown); pavement artist chain of events - the "wall as a toilet turned into a temple ?? shrines in thunder and ashes "was once prophetic and philosophical. It is packed full of life lessons in various aspects of changing relationships: between father and son; mother and son; father and little daughter; little daughter and the father and mother; old colleagues; long lost dear friends; even person to person, which one innocent dull "fool". <br /> <br /> Despite the tone of the film era, this colorful film is rich in substance and strength of the story in the texture layers with humor and suspense. For a director who is not an Indian (Sturla Gunnarsson is an Icelandic), he made a political Indian / Pakistani film. It falls into the bone marrow of life that the depicted Pars Roshan Seth, whose performance is such nuances, subtleties and joy. (. There sing, too) The rest of the cast is equally strong from Om Puri mysterious each other; Soni Razdan transferring wife; Vrazhesh Hirzhi argumentative eldest son; Sam Dastor old office assistant; Ranjit Chowdhry pavement artist; to superstitious "witch" neighbor woman; unbeguiling «fool» man; and long ago lost its sincere friend - a world of many faces and perspectives. Gunnarsson Director makes a sensitivity in the treatment of this time period and provided well studied with more attention to detail. He has good fortune to have Suni Taraporewala (1992 "Mississippi Masala" 1988 «Salaam Bombay!») Wrote the script. It is really worthwhile trip movie, to take part. <br /> <br /> Through the Cultural Studies (in the style of a road movie), Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" Icelandic stay of the Japanese youth, who went around the globe in search of a particular place, to pay their last respects to their parents, diligently following memorial rituals of the dead. This demonstrated a deep respect and intercultural attention to family ties are warm heart in this day and age of cyber.
