Released just before the acceleration of production Code in July 1934, an all-star musical Paramount Mitch Leisen is leeringly suggestive -Some even claim misogynistic- and very interesting. Two murders occur at the premiere of "vanity Earl Carroll" (one on the stage!), But it does not stop the manager (Jack Oakie) from the date of the show, as the lascivious police detective (Victor McLaglen) is investigating. Everyone has something to hide, and Gypsy Rose Lee, probably seen the backstage murder mystery before she wrote «The G-String Murder" as decoupling similar (though more comfortable, here). Gertrude Michael as evil diva, stops the show (more than one) with its exotic number "Sweet Marijuana" and Duke Ellington ends with a short «Rape Of The Rhapsody». Hit song "Cocktails for Two", was released from the film. Classic is highly recommended quaint and bawdy camp! Here Louella O. Parsons in "Los Angeles Examiner» May 17, 1934 <br /> <br /> pirouette Earl Carroll hand-chosen beauties of at Grauman United Artists screen in a fig leaf, but not much else. But on September Morn himself has never been better shape than those charmers that are made to please the eye, especially the eyes of a tired businessman. But do not think for a minute the girl Mr. Carroll, IA Naturelle, the only attraction. Believe it or not, Murder on the vanity is a musical comedy thriller, if you know what I mean -a murder mystery included in the musical show. All this happens on the opening night at the time the game is still under development and the search for a killer. Only the path of the unknown, the police threatened to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen something new to the police. He is constantly trying to find the killer, he keeps his eyes fixed on the choir beauties. murder mystery well except for isolation, which is pretty flat. Perhaps the faulty line. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the maid, about the same as the melodramatic heroine in ten, twenty, thirty and shows. Without any valid reason, she tariff endless close-up in a big dramatic scene. She Ensembles well, and this is a positive relief to get away from the inevitable overhead shots. Beautiful costumes; in fact, it is the music that Paramount can truly feel their merit. As for Carl Brisson Well, he will be in addition to any show. It looks good with a lovely singing voice and an easy, guaranteed way he kept his press agents argue for it. I would also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the leading lady in the show. Gertrude Michael, how deep villianess eyes, gives an interesting, if rather a false image. Jack Oakie, as a director, it's the same old joker jackpot, but we would not have changed it. Jessie Ralph excellent seamstress. Others in the cast are Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritsch, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. Screen game Kerry Wilson and Rufus King, and the direction of Mitchell Leisen. Music Arthur Johnston and lyrics Sam Koslow. In the appendix to the murders on thrusting, there is a cartoon of Mickey Mouse, the primary newsreels, and two-reel, wrong direction. <br /> <br /> I do not agree with Lollo at the roundabout, it is a pleasure when supersonic-top. Why she blames the director? She was unhappy with the story ends not overclocked, it was put? And what is "ten, twenty or thirty show?" Notice the swipe taken at Busby Berkeley and his "air shots". As difficult as it may be to believe today, the audience was tired schtick Base "to the May 1934 Mitch Leisen said," if you show a stage show, which is to be in the theater, you have to stay within the proscenium arch, and not do routine Buzz Berkeley to set the scene, it was a great d «<br /> <br /> Q:. do not you think spectacular effects Berkeley justified with this freedom ML: it seems that they have done, because they are restoring all of his paintings and none of my own, but I personally do not like.
