I have read a lot of comments about the film and how it's so hard for people to believe that this is a continuation of Henry Fool, and despite the fact that, technically, I think Fay Grim should be seen as a completely different film. Just because it is an extension does not mean that it should be a direct continuation of the first, and I liked so much about it. The whole point of the movie is to change the direction of the first, which makes sense, because the film is not called Henry Fool 2, it Fay Grim. All that aside, the movie, I thought it was so well made and thought it really surprised me. I expected to rent another almost released, right on the video tape, and must endure 2:00 bad editing and almost difficult to follow the story line (aka Parker last chat on video features in Oh in Ohio), but it was so remarkably well focused, that almost does not seem that I absolutely loved. There are so many nuances in making the film and writing, I long to see in the movies, but never do. The cinema was brilliant because of its simplicity, and really makes the film seem to "Grimm" in all -. In terms of installation Drawing been so good together, and who said that this film is not as witty as Henry Fool must watch over and really listen, I almost can not even explain how actually it was fun and appropriate. and well, Parker Posey, who could complain? the scene in which Mutt and stinging spoke in the darkness was so exciting and emotionally. and I thought that the spy-ness throughout the film was so much fun and spot on (in hindsight, because I agree that sometimes when you kind of felt lost). The main thing that struck me so much about the film, and I think that the film point, was the love and innocence of Parker on the jester, who was so captivates and turned, yes very . quickly from denial to open passion last five minutes of the film were quite obvious that there are things that were not excellent, but nothing is perfect;. some actions were poor, and sometimes I think that some of the new history and dialogue on terrorism It became a bit difficult to follow, and with it, and le in the end, not even you got it against the fact that at the time may have slipped out of your understanding. (This may also be due to Goldblum tendency to speak very quickly) Overall I would say that this is probably one of the best films I've seen this year; stylistically pleasing, smart and witty letters, speeches, which were so impressive I have now got a new respect for some of the actors, and genuinely touching movie, and do not forget that a complete departure from the loser. What was the point.
