Generally speaking, Fay Grim is a very interesting thriller involving the two most relentlessly pleasant names in American films, firmly beautiful and elegant passionate Posey and endlessly charismatic and inevitably hilarious Jeff Goldblum. They have a lot of scenes in the first half of the film, where we see those two voracious present with the summer off of each other, even radiate with charm when Goldblum rolled unashamedly epic info-dumps Hartley. However, if it was necessary to disassemble Fay Grim, one could see a lot of cases in which countless scenes may have been squeezed so much more rewarding than they brought in existence. <br /> <br /> This type of shot in-joke is a continuation of Henry Fool Hal Hartley, who was made a decade earlier. It has the name of the character of Posey forced CIA agent Goldblum to find the notebooks that were valuable things missing her fugitive husband of his predecessor titular anti-hero. Available information in them, which can recognize the security of the United States. Fay makes Paris the first to get a hold of them, but it becomes covered by a bona fide celebration spyware stamps featuring everything from car bombs to mixed helpers After Girls double-crosses on the triple crosses. <br /> <br /> The main appeal all of this for me is that this is a new approach to the sequel of the film about a scavenger and struggling novelist in a small town. In the original Henry Fool, Posey played a simple woman who leads a very simple life. Hartley's talents do not reach the height of many other independent starting from the 1990s, but I admire his wild creativity in creating unintended Nearne sister with her, giving her a stunning predicament, as he did with his brother of his character, played by James Urbaniak in Henry Fool as it is caught between whether she still loves her husband and vast refugee problem, but effective plans Goldblum. <br /> <br /> Hartley, however, that simply riding a fragmentary idea. His story, though complex and labyrinthine, though in the form of a spy movie, it seems as if the very capricious. The reason why I did not miss mainly because of the speed with which the story unfolds, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of the cast Hartley is that I can not become like the others. It has nothing to do with how obscure they are compared with the relative star power of these two masters of charm, but with the way they do not seem to hold their own next to them, although, of course, Saffron Burrows approaches. Most of the scenes that are not related to the Posey Goldblum or too easy on the feet, stringing us along with info-dumps we have no other choice but to listen to or to be completely lost in the ensuing sequence of scenes. They removed almost completely tiled corners like Hartley compensates irreconcilable feeling of lack of material. <br /> <br /> Lee Aiken, however, is playing the teenage son of Fay and Henry, it has a certain lure him like a wise years, of course, much wiser than any of the adult characters. Maybe Hartley is understood that, maybe it's just the presence of Aiken. The problem with the movie Hartley is that you never know that there was something, and that just happens to be there. According to Scorsese, "Cinema is a question that is in the picture, and what is not." The man must be able to trust that what we see is a conscious decision of the director to remain in the finished film.
