Well, this film is about several things. Firstly, this film about a disgruntled student who brings a gun to school and shoots approximately 9 students. One student survives and is in the hospital with extensive head injuries. The main character, that some people, who believe in the "singles / Goth", despite statements of the film it is not to be so. It seems rather mysterious, but was also the only unharmed student in class prosecuted. She questioned, because of the history, knowing, arrows and having recording being on the phone with him at night. Anyway, it is very short and distant man, who seems to despise society. However, due to some at first inexplicable events, she spent about a year of school, failing a class. She has the desire to pursue higher education, but the principle is almost cons of it in the only possible way it can go to spend time with the survivors, a girl in the hospital. <br /> <br /> These two wires are almost completely opposite and they're pretty, that on a social level. While Alicia quiet, inwardly disturbed, anti-social "goth" girl who spends his time alone (despite the fact that she seems to read quite often, several of the cabinet / closet of a bookworm), the other rich girl, the popular "bubble" a girl who seems to always incredibly optimistic and trapped in his own fantasy world, oblivious to the world around us and its realism, in order to survive. I feel like these roles in an excellent job representing the most "flocks" in the modern highschool, but more importantly, show how two completely opposite of girls who do not know each other in the end, each one open anything. While the injured girl learns a deep, meaningful truth about it once sheltered life and the world around them, Alicia discovers that a complete rejection of society and locking everything inside is not always the best. <br /> <br /> A lot of people will be looking for a connection between the two girls and see one of two things. Or snobby, hateful girl who wants it the rest of the world to suffer as she does, taking it out on an innocent girl, or stories, seemingly trapped, fantasized about a girl who meets an outcast in society and recognizes not only the judge, but it really can be one of the smartest people she's known. In other words, people may see this film as a focus on Alicia teaching another girl a lesson about life, not about this. <br /> <br /> This film is about a few things. Although this is all that I have said, it is also representative of how people deal with large, which changes the life of the disaster. In fact, this film is not very symbolic, but instead is incredibly straight forward with the message, as long as you're not afraid to open your mind and heart, some emotions you may not be familiar with so beautifully drawn. <, Br /> <br /> as a whole, this film is one of the best I have ever seen. Actions are brilliant, storyline and presentation of deep and meaningful, and emotions that pass through the exit of the film will not only apply to anyone, but maybe crying. This movie is definitely painful, and very effective, and if I ever felt any film can change a person's life ... it would be the first thing that would change my. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie, if you want a movie that is moving and convincing, while incredibly exciting and REAL, look at it.
