Maybe I would have liked this movie more if I was not so attached to the characters in Henry Fool. For those who have never seen Henry Fool, I would not worry. As Hartley jokingly said in his introduction to the film in the TIFF format, the film abounds with exposition and explanation. <br /> <br /> This film is very heavy in the plot that keeps the film moving. There are plenty of humorous moments and the movie certainly has humor trademark Hartley and rhythm of the dialogue. In general, technically well-made film, and is sure to satisfy fans of the new Hartley, who are just beginning to explore his work. As for the older fans who loved his early work as a trust and a dilettante, this film can go either way. I have mixed feelings about the film and the later films Hartley as a whole. That Hartley does best gripping stories in small situations, focusing on the intimate and unique way in which the characters interact with each other. In his late 90s onwards, his films are expanded in terms of subject matter. The media in these matters, Religion in the book of life, and now in the fight against terrorism Fay Grim. I do not know when Hartley talents suitable for such a large object or if he is able to do it justice. <br /> <br /> Strangely, the film can still be reduced to an intimate relationship, a simple love story about a woman who goes to look for her husband, whom she loves. The only problem is that I have seen Henry Fool, and everything seems incredibly out of character in this film. You can say that this film was written shortly after Henry Fool was completed without any intention in the future. Anyway, a terrorist plot feels tacked convenient through the use of books Henry recognition as a MacGuffin (in Hitchcock sense). Fay's motives for staying, Henry seemed to be motivated exclusively the needs of the plot, but not that be true to who Fay was a man in Henry Fool. <br /> <br /> I think I'm a little disappointed in the film, because it is not true to the characters in the cold, Henry, and he does not really work as a straight thriller. There's too much irony and wryness approach to Hartley, such as a big topic as terrorism. It somehow works and does not work at the same time. All I could say that you would either love or hate the film, depending on your take on the work of Hartley and how well you know the work of Hartley. Supporters Henry Fool, seriously warned for disappointment. For the rest, welcome to the world of Hal Hartley, and enjoy the ride.
