Fay Grim is, on its face, a story of espionage and intrigue said with a nod and a wink. Later to its unusual Henry Fool Hal Hartley creates an amazing blend of film noir and hardboiled spy thriller that begins with a knowing smile and a big dose of laughter and turns into a spicy and warm, as any film I've seen this year. <, Br /> <br /> Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, involuntary Mata Hari is torn between the love of her exiled husband Henry Fool and dubious intentions magic CIA. As a Fulbright agent, Jeff Goldblum is a master of wit and sarcasm, in a role that seems to be based on his abilities. He has never been better. James Urbaniak brother Simon Fay, imprisoned, but is known for its wildly popular books of poetry. His love for his work and his sister brings push passion to oppose the harsh nature of spyware that eventually inhabit the world of Fogo. And Lee Aiken is a hyper 14-year-old son of Fairy. While that may not be necessary. understated style Aiken amazing "old soul" for someone his age. <br /> <br /> The entire film was shot Dutch angle, faulty style made famous by Orson Welles and is mainly used in horror films and psychological thrillers to give a sense of foreboding. in Fay Grim, using the style of the opening credits of closing intriguing at first, deceptively reasonable next. For just as the viewer begins to fall on a completely synchronized comedic elements of wit and brilliant script Hartley, that something is happening. the film takes a dark well etc. zivna consolation turn these characters magically becomes pretty in front of our eyes. What began as a dark comedy turns into a romantic drama and masterful transition. Slowly sweeping changes exciting action, and we are absorbed directly into the vortex. <br /> <br /> in the end, the sharp dialogue Hartley combined with amazing performances perfectly matched ensemble cast makes delicious cinematic cocktail. told with the luxury one can write, produce direct, edit, and even compose music in Hal Hartley crafted a smart, sexy tale of espionage with tongue slightly in cheek planted. Fay Grim, one of the Dashiell Hammett, Raymond Chandler one part, and one part of Ian Fleming, shaken and perhaps stirred as well.
