Land is never a strong point of the film, Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but "Follow the Fleet" 's script only mediocre. Fred and Ginger has come off all right - they play «Bake» Baker and Martin Gray, dancers, whose personal and professional partnership ended when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, their love-hate relationship raises some fascinating comic moments. But for most of the film, they take precedence over the tedious story about Sister Gray Horses (Harriet Hilliard), her love for a sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), pampering Bilge with another woman, and an old schooner that Kony, inherited from her father . Although Hilliard is quite charming, the story is uninteresting. <br /> <br /> At the same time, "Follow the Fleet" is endowed with an exceptional score by Irving Berlin that gives the star a lot of chances to show their talents, Aster receives two good solo from "We saw the sea," and "I thought . for the best to lead the group, "he sings expressively and, of course, dancing electrifyingly - sailor and makes it look a bit more boyish and athletic than usual. Rogers sings throws «Let Yourself Go», and then doing a solo tap dance to the same tune. <br /> <br /> The three duos really save the film, despite the fact that they all fit into the storyline with silly excuses. Fred and Ginger win the dance competition, making a vigorous routine to another reprise «Let Yourself Go». Later, they sing and dance, "I put all the eggs in one basket," as if this is an early rehearsal rooms, flubbing choreography to comic effect. In the end, the film finally figures out how to get Fred and Ginger in evening wear for a romantic duet - this makes it a part of the show-in-the-show. The situation is far-fetched, but the song "Let's Face Music and Dance" is one of the most beautiful things tortuously Berlin never wrote (this is reminiscent of Cole Porter), and dancing to match its elegance. Quintessential Astaire and Rogers. <br /> <br /> It is sickening to sit through most of the dialogues Chapter "followed by a fleet" again, and, in fact, it is not necessary, because the plot rarely scatters musical numbers. But I could see the songs again and again.
