If Hollywood is to be believed, being in the Navy is not nothing but a bludge. Although the sailors could complain to the chorus of ocean homogeneity, it seems that their oceanic duty not at all, and somehow Fred Astaire is enough free time during the day to offer dancing classes fleet potential romantics. Such a world Astaire and Rogers. Previous film Brand Sandricha in «Top Hat (1935)," completely ignored the Great Depression, which then bringing America to one knee and presented the audience with a glittering world of the rich and famous; it was an optimistic view of the film to life that may have contributed to his success. In addition, there Sandrich deliberately forgets that life is a naval officer is difficult and draining, and instead substitute duty sailor with a range of eye-catching light musical numbers. <br /> <br /> «Bake" Baker (Aster) Gray and Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partner Whose relationship broke up after the last rejected a proposal of marriage. After baking returned from several years of service in the Navy, he said, Sherry, as a dance hostess in inexperienced Ballroom San Francisco. While the two former lovers on turns trying to woo and repel each other, gray simple music teacher sister (Harriet Hilliard, looking really quite enough) gets a complete makeover and is trying to charm a surface sailor Bilge «Bilgey» Smith (Randolph Scott). There are many conventional eccentric comedy shenanigans, some moments of mistaken identity, and even paddle preparation monkey who steals every scene, it's at. Especially amusing is the scene in which sabotages Bake listening to artist in order to create a window for his estranged girl; Unfortunately for them both, it is unfortunate Sherry, drinking soda and loses the ability to sing. <br /> <br /> "After the Fleet (1936)" was the fifth victory of cooperation between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and the third (of five) in which Sandrich directed pair. Irving Berlin wrote the music and lyrics of the film and each musical number pleasantly lighthearted and interesting, even if they are not as memorable as in «Top Hat (1935)," "swing time (1936)" or "dance BE (1937). Aster He is trying to escape from their typical rich man of provincial person, without much success, but it's hard to imagine a performer without a boy's carefree charm Nia, which can only accompany be far richer. The side plot of the novel between horses and Bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars, and Harriet Hilliard (wearing a brunette wig to avoid a collision with blond hair Ginger) has several emotional solos, including "Get behind me, Satan," which was originally written for "Top Hat".
