What an entertaining movie. Astaire and Randolph Scott in the Navy. Astaire Ginger has to woo back to San Francisco, while Scott needs to be convinced that Harriet Hilliard worthy to be his wife. Everything works fine. <br /> <br /> It is sometimes argued, and I can understand why that Scott's romance with Hilliard is unnecessary and slows the story down. Especially painful is singing about Hilliard juicy love songs. I could have done without her singing well enough, but I found that the novel is quite touching. Hilliard is part of the movie as a music teacher, wearing a pair of glasses, no makeup and ugly clothing known to man or beast. Not surprisingly, Scott does not avoid her until she takes care of herself sexually under the care of her sister Ginger and fitting Lucille Ball. The problem is that after her conversion, she looks like the same irreversibly simple woman, as before, only with a glossy piece. It's tough enough for a home guy. But, at least, a person can become rich and powerful and popular, it may collect a woman in any case, even if it looks like JoJo boy dogs. But that ugly woman to do? The same way to romance is not open to it. Henry Kissinger was the fans. Or Margaret Thatcher? It must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in the culture tough as ours. As a kind of a footnote, I should point out that Randolph Scott, rumored bisexual Hollywood gossip, who needed some nonsense to chew, and it's kind of funny that it has the following line in the film, when he wears comfortable Hilliard from - - "Women do not interest me, sister." The film is likely to give more time to Ginger Rogers, than any of her other films with Astaire. And it is amazing. She is beautiful, sexy, talented actress and dancer, and the script gives her good comic lines too. "Let's kiss and make up," says Aster. "Let's just do it," she says, "that will give you something to work with." It is also the only film she made with Astaire, which gives it a solo while listening. (Choreography by Hermes Pan.) Her performance accidentally torn Astaire, who slips some Alka Seltzer or something in her water, and she hiccups through her room, belching too immodest for that time. <br /> <br /> As a dancer, I would have made a terrific circus elephant so my opinion should be taken as an amateur, but I think they are equally dancing together any they put on film. Their first, during the dance contest, «Let Yourself Go,» is the most wildly riotous any I can remember. The only dramatic duet, "Let's face the music and dance," must be the best among them. The last step, they left the country. <br /> <br /> I like the film, for reasons with personal resonance. I remember his first once a theater in downtown San Diego, near the shop called "Seven seas" that served the sailors. I was in uniform at the time and was impressed with the treatment of Astaire and Scott maritime career. what I am mind, here we have this frothy musical comedy, which does not belong to absolutely nothing of historical reality, and yet, in contrast the majority of its other teamings, in any case, to pay their dues. ship Jumping, Aster calls for "water taxi". I just took a water taxi on the bank itself. The uniforms of the correct period (in contrast to, say, those in the "About the city" ). and they are properly hat to two finger widths above the eyebrows, and will turn back. and there are two cases in which Astaire runs into problems with maritime authorities, and they are treated very seriously and thoroughly believable. The officer stopped Astaire leading jazz band during the inspection and report to the captain, "They played when the call came, sir. I am sure that there is no breach of discipline was not intended to "This is something that the officer -. A good officer - would say, and nobody laughs <br /> <br /> The show gets a little repetitive from" Follow the Fleet "of time was made so , instead of Fred's high. society and the tuxedo, they turned it into a chewing gum swabbie instead. It was a good idea. And the dance number to the concept.
