Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, Hollywood premiere dance team, usually dressed to the nines and gliding thought exaggerated Art Deco set in the 1930s. Nevertheless, they are a little more worse for this 1936 outing, the fifth part of their ten musicals together. This time Aster refuses his top hat, white tie and tails to become chewing gum sailor "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays dance hall entertainer Sherry Martin, who was a partner in the bake - dancing and otherwise - before he enlisted. Thus, in contrast to the false identity of gimmicks and romantic hesitancies prevails in most of his previous pairing, they already time from the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Director Mark Sandrichem (who directed five of their mating), the film is a narrative similar to the 1935 "Robert", in which they are found, except for one of the two pairs mentioned in the storyline. In fact, Randolph Scott plays a different actor in both films, this time as adultery crewmate bake "bilge" Smith. He is not a partner Irene Dunne (who for obvious reason for the suspension of the follow-up), but Harriet Hilliard. Only married to Ozzy Nelson in real life, and decades before Ozzy and Harriet Hilliard plays spinsterish sister Gray Horses, falling hard Bilge. The silly story, she gets a makeover young bleached blonde Lucille Ball, and there s classic three-way shot Hilliard, Ball and Kewpie doll magic Grable front of a mirror. <br /> <br /> Speaking of history, the fact that there is no one counted Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor and goes something like this ... Baking and Bilge are on shore leave in San Francisco, where they end up in the dance hall with their noisy comrades. Bake Sherry finds work there, while working at Coney Bilge first when it comes as a dowdy maiden, and then appears as a glamor girl. Romance blossomed both pairs. Horses and Gray steamer inherit from his father, but they needed the money to keep it afloat. Several misunderstandings occur in both respects, but it works when they turn steamer to the theater and put on a fundraising musical revue. This is about as ridiculous as it sounds, but it does provide a good opportunity for some memorable Irving Berlin tunes and a trio of Astaire-Rogers dance <br /> <br /> The first two are casual in tone. - set dance competition to the coffeemaker «Let Yourself Go», where they show off mercilessly to win, and the ship's routine physical comedy set toe-tapping "I put all the eggs in one basket." Nevertheless, their last dance is a classic return to the formalities with a beautifully melodramatic piece set in a stunning location "Let's face the music and dance." It is interesting that this film contains not only a dance solo Astaire, but only time Rogers has ever had a solo dance to her in one of his movies, energetic tap routine is again set to «Let Yourself Go». Dressed in a cream satin sailor outfit, she also sings the same song the most charming closer to the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Acting wise, Astaire and Rogers in the typical spicy comic form here. While Scott plays his role with his trademark eye cock courage Hilliard extremely vague presence, and as the former vocalist, she performs two songs in Berlin disappointingly timid manner. Despite this, the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers in the prime of life to make this important review. 2005 DVD has some good extras, starting with thirteen minutes short film "Follow the Fleet: Sources of those dancing feet," about how to Astaire and Rogers joined together There is also a live action «soundie» titled "Melody Master:. Jimmy Lunseford and his Dance orchestra ", a poultry-themed cartoon titled« Let it Be Me »and the original theatrical trailer.
