Hundstage is deliberately ugly and worried about the study of life in a particularly boring suburb of Vienna. It comes from the former director of the documentary Seidl, who takes a very similar approach to documentary material. Nevertheless, the film turns from the normal types, and presents us with characters who are best described as "extreme" ?? some of them are very lonely; some extremely strong; Some very strange; some extremely crafty; some very frustrated and misunderstood; and so on. The film combines several series plot less episodes that intertwine at times, each following the characters for a couple of days during the afflicted Viennese summer. Very few spectators will come from the film feeling entertained ?? the intention is to point out the many things that are wrong with the people, a lot of the ills that plague our society as a whole. It is a reflection film and its conclusions rather exposes a whole. <br /> <br /> fussy old widower fantasizes about his elderly cleaning woman and wants her to perform a striptease for him while in the clothes of his late wife, Nightclub dancer maintains a constantly jealous and aggressive behavior of her boy-racer boyfriend. A couple mourning their dead daughter can no longer communicate with each other and seek solace by having sex with other people. Abusive people oppress their women, but she will forgive him again and again. Security trader is desperately trying to find the culprit for some vandalism in the workplace, but ends up picking on an innocent scapegoat. And the mentally ill woman holds hitch rides with strangers and insulting them, while they do not throw her out of the car! The lives of these disparate characters converge for a few days during the intense summer heat. <br /> <br /> Despair in the film significantly. Many scenes are characterized by long, awkward silence, which is twice as effective as a whole passage of a dialogue can be. There are other scenes in which dialogue and on-screen events will leave you reeling. In particular, the scene in which the seller reserves the female security Hitchhiking at the mercy of a vengeful guy - be beaten, raped and humiliated (fortunately, all off-screen) for some vandalism she did not do - get turned sour, almost evil taste. In another scene, a person has a lighted candle clutched in his rear end and forced to sing the national anthem at gunpoint, all as part of his punishment for being against his wife. While we might want to encourage that this thug gets his comeuppance, we both left shocked and alarmed by the nature of his punishment. Indeed, such contrasts could act as a summary of the film - every moment of carelessness are balanced with a moment of coldness. Every scrap of hope contrasted with a sense of despair. For each character, you might want or feel sympathy, there are others that do not stimulate anything but anger and hatred. We might want to turn away from Hundstage, to reject it as an exercise in misery, but it also points to some uncomfortable truths, and that is to be welcomed.
