This film should be rated as one of the most disturbing and arresting films in recent years. This is one of the few films, perhaps the only one that actually gave me goosebumps: even Pasolini's Salo, to which this film bears comparison, affected me like this. I have seen echoes of the film by filmmakers like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask myself, that this was the film that made me feel like I did? I think the answer would be that I was watching a horror movie, but one that defies convention or even reverses the specified genre. As a rule, in a horror movie, scary and frightening things will happen, but on the margins of civilized society: abandoned buildings, deserted hotels, castles, gifts, mortuaries, etc. This treatment of the subject in horror, I think, a kind of defense mechanism, the principle of darkness and opacity functions as a kind of projective space for the viewer's desires and fears. Thus, from this perspective, Hundstage not a horror film; this is quite normal in society, and therefore it does not apply to dabble in theatrical horror film. But what do you see the movement of some of the key themes from the horror genre, particularly in relation to the body and its disorders, stages of fear and torture it can be put through. What Seidl makes use settings for each day, the middle class society as a stage on which the broadcast replays of the game of sexual aggression, loneliness, absence and violation of intimacy and integrity: it is the theme you would find in horror, but is subject to the principle of light and transparency, which there is no salvation. It is through this bias that Seidl's film strength resides. Hundstage dealing with these issues, depending on the daily to reflect their daily repetition, not as a place of limbs and catharsis - a step you would face in horror genre he said. One important point of reference here Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder was also a way to mix the political from the personal in his films, melodrama tactics, which allowed him to understand the serious moral and even political problems, such as racism, domination, desire, issues relating to property ownership and sexual control, and fascism capitalism, etc. Seidl's tactic of creating mechanisms everyday society the subject of his film puts it in close proximity to Fassbinder; like that of the German ally, he has his own kind of political vision of society that he feels it is his duty to put forward in his films. During the workshop at the Festival Gothenburg Film this year, in which Seidl was a guest, he was asked why he had so many cases violated, conquered women Hundstage, but no cases of women do not resist, freeing himself. Seidl said that some may consider it as immoral to show violence against women, but he felt that it would be immoral not to show. Artistic statement as well as any, I guess. Thank you.
