To make it short and do not spoil all that this film about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), car thief who confuses the large delivery of stolen cars (50 in total). He then threatened to be killed by a man who gave him the order ?? ". The goal is now to get 50 cars stolen in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), in ?? retired "booster, as well as brother Kip and a couple of old friends Randall. As you can see, it's the same old, big brother, "is to get Lil 'brother' from the routine of trouble, and of course, the thief Randall best there ever was. Of course, as in all other films there are also a few setbacks and surprises you would have never thought about, but sometimes it is predictable too, so there is nothing fantastic story. <br /> <br /> You are probably wondering why this is about 51 times HOT STUFF, since there are only 50 beautiful, fast, tough and expensive cars to be stolen. Well, the other hot item in this film Sway (Angelina Jolie (who is a big star (believe me))). It is not only a very convincing in the role of car theft, but it is quite hot. OK not hot as pretty, but hot as hell of cool and sexy. She was very believable in this role, probably because it is some kind of a wild woman in real life, too (do not believe me, read her biography) and sex of the well just see for yourself man. I only know that she is playing the kind of girl I like this film because it is not too mainstream, slightly alternative view, and it even comes with a tattoo. <br /> <br /> OK only cons I felt while watching this film was the fact that there is not a lot of action, there is a completely unrealistic scene, the story only in the order, and that there is not a lot of jokes. Hey, but after watching the film, I must say: WHO concern. Why do I have to say that is good, because it was still entertaining; there were a few interesting car chase; good music; some scenes Bruckheimer (where the combination of music and line actors make your eyes go wet); good actors, who are doing their job; beautiful cars; One cold, wild, sexy lady (yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and last but not least very nice and cool tools to improve the cars. So here are some downsides, but still pretty good and interesting film. In general, the best way to describe this film is that it is a general film OK with cool ?? Feelgood ending. <br /> <br /> As for Nicolas Cage, and ?? He's actually one of my favorite actors in the genre of action at the present time, after such good films as The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and, finally, this. In addition, the actor had so many good action / thriller in the last few years and are successful? Well, no one !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he's one of my favorites too. One thing that is true, although to Mr. Bruckheimer film cells is that they continue to deteriorate. Rock, was a clear 9, Con Air 8 was good, and it is good, of course, is 7. Not that bad sign. Does not this show that his films under Bruckheimer continues to get worse and that, perhaps, Cage should think more before he takes part in the film, and it is likely to have to make a few smaller films? No, it does not show us that, as almost all the films of Cage have been successful in the past few years, for 8 mm and Bringing Out the Dead apart. 8mm was not great, I admit that, but it's never been wine Cage and the story seemed good to me. On the last film, I can not say anything, because ?? I have not seen it yet. One thing, though I know for sure if Bruckheimer would have asked me for these three films, I would say yes to all of them. I would say yes Rock, because the story was great, because you can play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would say yes Con Air, because there will be a lot of action in it, because the story was good, because you have to act together with John Malkovich and Ving Reims. In this one, I would have played a major role, because I have got a great Paycheque, I would be able to ride some steep and fast cars, and because I was able to kiss Angelina Jolie (can not wait to see her in that Lara Croft outfit). This one was a good selection of Mr. Cage and it is certainly worth a look at the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
