It's a clever episode of Twilight Zone, which was the comic, not strange or tragic. Buster Keaton Woodrow Mulligan, a janitor from 1890 America, working in the lab. He constantly gripe about the problems of life around him: the meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb unheard of!). He always yells after crazy speeder (bikes - cars have not yet appeared). Pain in the end, he sees the helmet as a scientist device and places it and trying it out. Suddenly he in contemporary America. In the beginning there were seven minutes of silent films. Now all this noise, they all say, all sounds, all the blows. Keaton is only a few minutes, when he realizes that the world has changed, and not for the better. He works in the Stanley Adams, a professor of Rollo, who understands that Mulligan from t. 1890 (he mentions President Cleveland). Rollo always wanted to live in this charming quiet life. It helps to get a Mulligan helmet repaired, and they go back in time. Rolla bored after a while, due to the lack of scientific equipment which it can use. Mulligan put sends to it, and sends it into the future. But now Woodrow quite happy with a quiet, simple age he lives. He found pleasure. <br /> <br /> In the past fifteen years, Buster Keaton often on TV (many times for Allan Pound on hidden cameras, where he could help set the vision gag tricks in public). He made several films, as well as (primarily curiosity happened on the way to the Forum and RAILRODDER). But sometimes he appeared in TV shows and episodes. He is in his element here, apparently consulting the director (the director of the old comedy by Norman McLeod - he sent the Marx Brothers in HORSE feathers) on the tricks he could do. Look, Stanley Adams, and Adams it is time to collect it when he grabbed a pair of pants he needs. In terms of time, he reminds one of gags, which he did in the 20s in films like Sherlock JR. The episode really shows Keaton in excellent condition for a man in his sixties. <br /> <br /> Advent Jesse White (here as a repairman, all things) is always welcome. But look at the "Professor Rollo." Stanley Adams was a well known figure in the film and television since the 1950 years before his tragic suicide in 1977 Plump, with an unkempt appearance and heavy, thundering voice, his most famous drama role was as the promoter of the fight in REQUIEM film version for heavyweight (he Anthony Quinn wants to be a fighter, dressed in a suit like an Indian). His most famous television appearance was as a space trader who enters the starship Enterprise crew in Star Trek is fluffy, fertile "Tribbles" little creatures (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams always worth watching (as Jesse White, and, of course, as Keaton), which enhances the majority of productions he appeared. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end to the first performer of the character speed.
