Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ends in jail for car theft, and there he gave the plan a robbery of Lifer in prison; so he should get out of jail, fast. He tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson), to find a man who will make your time in prison for money. But nobody wants to do the time the crime Cosimo and yet everyone seems to know a guy who will do it. Shortly poor boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) bases from the details of this so-called "ideal work". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was very funny, and from my point of view I would recommend it to everyone. This film is a remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti». I have not watched the original Italian, so I can not judge or compare these two films. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy for myself, about four people trying to rob money from the store in the same building. Each gave his part of the brilliance of this movie actors. Really a great film for those actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (large), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (large), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito, and finally George Clooney gave his share in this project. <br /> <br /> Maybe, say that this film is a comedy only, is not fair. It's more than that. Because of a difference. All the thieves in this film are very small requests, if they ask what they will do with their money? This is mainly to secure their future in a very modestly. This fact goes beyond comedy soul that criminals. And not only them, but also the police Babitch, submitted as one damaged; So filmmakers Rousseau presents us what criminals and police alike. In fact, everything in Collinwood are; and not only in Collinwood, cause all the people chase money on legal or illegal ways. I do not like all the films were spectators in the end, love and warm for thieves. But this one is an exception. You have to love them all. Riley with a small child and wife in jail. Toto with his trousers. Cosimo with his line: "Your mother is a whore!" And all the others. They're just like the characters in my favorite comic book Alan Ford. They are all trying to make money, but they're just out of luck. But all they did one good deed: they gave money to Riley, so that he can get his wife out of prison. They are all heroes in my eyes, cause a lot of "honest" people will not do it.
