Having first watched the movie 14, I remember that he was surprised when he heard the word "shit" (sh * t) for the first time ever on the still Soviet television (I bet that was in fact * of The * first time in history ?? someone wants to add this stuff section :) ... What open courage and freedom, I thought! Over the years, I am more and more impressed with the film, and incredible actor, but my feelings turned to a kind of mixture of pleasure from this part of cinematic art and the bitter realization of the concept which is diametrically opposite of my 14-y.o. Impression: helplessness. There's an air imminent disaster looming over the entire film, primitive degenerate tide (embodied Sharikova) sweeping the life of the best minds of mankind approaching in their field ... This is a great metaphor for the Russian revolution as a whole, inspired intellectuals ashamed of their advantage and in the hope of "update" the lower classes, only to unleash the power of mediocrity and get swallowed up by it ... the finest and talented parts, packaging is really sad thoughts in a brilliantly satirical and elegant form. Symbolically enough, the film marked the end of the Soviet-era tradition of cinema to Hollywood tsunami knocked them ?? for good, it seems, according to the most modern Russian films (most of them labeled "blockbusters" in prerelease !!! :) trailers and posters. <br /> <br /> It's funny that episode of "shit" is entirely in contradiction to the above comment Efenstor again coarse language of the current generation ... of what I have already said that it may seem that this may be the film , which showed the way for this, but it was not. A soft word by modern standards, it was too rough then, and only roughly enough to show the true nature of all Sharikovs ... By the way, Efenstor weeping again, this is sooo naive contrast to be intelligent and use the rough vocabulary, especially for Russian-speaking, where one militant word may have values ​​that adopt proposals in translation! But I join unfortunately, that all the meanings in conversation today during the teen can be expressed cusswords. I feel that this is a bigger problem than their choice of environment, which is most effective for the task :) Well, the film and the book is much food for thought that could change them, or those who might have the luxury look.
