This film (yes, this film - he was executed as a two-parter, but both parts together came to just over 2 hours) is one of the invisible masterpieces of world cinema. Very well mannered, and at the same time absolutely savage denunciation of the Soviet regime and the type of person who flourished under him, the film is a faithful adaptation of the same name has long banned the book by Mikhail Bulgakov. Sets are flawless, and director made the brilliant decision to withdraw in monochrome Sepia, adding a feeling of authenticity, where the late 80s blurry colors of the Incarnation will have all but destroyed the film. I'm not going to say much about the story that deserves to be discovered by the viewer, but the true performance material Oscar; Special mentions go out E. Evstigneev, who plays an old professor with such presence, ambiguity, and good wisdom with a little word or gesture, he ends up stealing every scene he is in. Secondly, of course, is the essence / balls that are played in horrible perfection V. Tolokonnikov is much more terrible character than Hannibal Lecter, because it does not only exist in the real world - the whole country were fleeing people like it throughout history, and all that is necessary. <br /> <br /> while socio political allegory, it is worth noting that the film is also filled with humor, albeit dark - there are a lot of open comedies that have not made me laugh as much as this film. Moreover, when the fun of this movie, the feeling is not only one of the fun, but the understanding and agreement that is always a plus <br /> <br /> There is hardly a complaint I have with this film. - the only minor flaw tons intellectual / bourgeois snobbery, I sometimes caught by the "enlightened" characters. But this is a minor quibble. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this film seems to have been overlooked by Western licensing companies. It is a crying shame that one of the all-around best films out there languishing unrestored and untranslated (should not be incredibly difficult - although all the cultural references and revolutionary terminology necessarily disappear in the translation, the main themes of the film should be accessible to all). While we expect our fingers crossed for the Criterion edition, I consider the creation of the English subtitles. You see how it works.
