Well, after reading a couple of reviews on Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to clear up some misunderstandings that it is a direct rip off with Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water. The only part that was a robbery with Nadia that the suspension with Nadia and pendant from Atlantis are so many similarities in terms of how it is used, the origin and how it is generated from the source of life, there is no doubt that up. If you want to see how Kid and Nagy dressed so, then you could put that against Disney also (it was kind of Wierd for Nadia and Kido to wear these clothes bikini style adventure science fiction, not to mention they are both moving in a similar style, too). As a supporter of the anime, I agree there is some degree of copying, but it is only the small details, and even though not many of the ideas are original (as encryption design on the wall in Laputa, an ancient mask of Princess Mononoke, the similarity of vehicles to submarine garfish in Nadia, etc.) ... the story itself, I believe that it is very original, and it is rather strange that Disney could pull it out without the use of captain Nemo (the main character in Jules Verne 20k leagues under the sea, which It is also the main character in Nadia). As for Mylo and Jean wear these glasses in the style ... As shown in the novel "Lord of the Flies," points is a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think, Mylo, Jean, the protagonist of the Stargate and a dozen other "smart" characters will look childbirth unsuitable for the role, as they went in without glasses. As for submarines, as well as submarine fight (with these wide explosion of the torpedo, which actually resembles what makes the Nautilus), I want to say that it is a necessary element for any of them, if Atlantis was involved in the plot (after how this sunken city under water). As for the crew, which has some similarities charactistical and the crew of the Nautilus in Nadia, it can be a job, but I do not feel any copyright infringement there as an individual character were completely original to me. As an anime fan who appreciated Nadia as the # 1 Best Anime I've ever watched even now today. I have my doubts about Atlantis, when I first saw the preview. But now, when I watched the movie, I was once again rebuilt my confidence with Disney and have high hopes for their future films after Atlantis. In general, the best Disney film even without me shaking to the sounds of their songs in the middle of the movie, and that's a plus that they have reviewed their bad scripts, to make it even better. In addition, it is surprising that they actually represent the bad guys look normal because doing it too bad at the beginning (I was wondering who the bad guys, and only the blonde type resembles the look of a bad character from the point of view of how Disney , it draws aka the bad guys do look very threatening)
