After watching his two silent shorts, "Elena and her men (1956)" is my first feature film from French director Jean Renoir and I really enjoyed it. However, I have not watched the movie for the Renoir, but the stars Ingrid Bergman, who ?? at the age of 41 ?? still radiated an unmatched beauty, elegance and charm. During the early 1950s, after her scandalous marriage with Italian Roberto Rossellini, Bergman temporarily dropped out of the public good. Her next five films directed by her husband, were not successful in the US, and I suspect that the latest release of Renoir did little to enhance the popularity of the Bergman with English audiences {however, she was again her former success of the Oscar in the same year, "Anastasia (1956)}. She stars as Elena Sokorowska, the Polish princess, which sees itself as the guardian angel of sorts, resulting in success and recognition of promising people around the world, before immediately abandon them. while working her charms to assist political aspirations pavazhanag and General François Roland (Jean Marais), she finds himself falling in love, she could not escape from. It is vaguely political film works well as either satire or romantic comedy, as long as you do not take it too sur ' ozna;. it is purely lighthearted romantic fluff <br /> <br /> The film was shot in the vibrant Technicolor, «Elena and her men" look chic, as well as a flurry of bright colors, characters and costumes Polish Princess Bergman is dreamy and. several self-centered, but not in an unpleasant way, but hardly received high woman Little or belief. She persuaded the team clumsy government conspirators to convince General Rollan make a coup, deliberately using his love for her, to satisfy his own crazy ideas, as a "guardian angel." Perhaps the only legally virtuous character of the film is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, the husband of Audrey Hepburn), who ignores all the other selfish motives and pursues secondary Elena for love and only love. This Renoir is proud to say that the true French best. "Elena and her men" also tried, with moderate success, to expose the shallowness of the upper class French relations through clumsy philandering Eugene (Jacques Zhouano), who can not make love to a slave mistress without a groom walk in on them. For these sequences, Renoir was clearly trying to sort of madcap humor that you might find in a Marx Brothers movie, and the film itself is so relaxed and laid back that energy just is not there.
