First of all, I really liked this movie and its message, for daring to live a full life. Very poetic, with touching and funny and sad scenes, very much alive, it was a pleasure to watch. Here are my "off", though: the film was too long, and at some point, he kept adding more and more additional conflicts, so that he began to lose the storyline. I do not agree with the other comments though, that it is impossible to have so many people with "strange" problems in such a small village. I think it was absolutely real! There are incredible dramas that take place all over the world, we just do not know what it is about the people we meet only superficially. I did not like the ending, which was so loaded with symbolism and extremely forced. This left a bad taste, as it was too much. I do not like the fact that so many big issues were sharply mentioned in the group (if some blame others before any other of the main things people would simply more "ashamed" to announce everything to nothing in front of everyone, even if these people are a group of closely cooperates with). And: to defend himself in a human being a strong instinct. So why on earth Daniel allowed himself to beat and never fight, even to protect themselves? I mean, he was not weak, he could at least try to protect themselves during the attack, but he just drove me crazy to see that he does not do anything. It was as if the narrator is trying to force to bring across the message as "violence is not necessary", but then he decided to do it was not good. I'm against violence but the character loses credibility when he stays still, despite all the attacks. And: Gabriela ... why on earth a woman who has spent years with a man beating her, go to that person when he was arrested and saying, "I do not wish you any harm you've just done everything possible ,. as we all do. " Oh, that's messed up so much! Is it going to be a saint or what? It would be normal for her to be bitter, but not so much "holy" and, therefore, not a man. Was her work with Daniel and the music is so great that it made her forget all the s ** t, what happened to her? Oh, please. Thus, it was moments spoil. Nevertheless, I still think this is a great film as a whole, surprisingly enough, given my discomfort because quite a few things. Watch it !! ;-) "
