Renowned international conductor Daniel Dareus (Nyqvist) has a heart attack, with its busy busy professional life and interrupts his successful career with early retirement. He decides to return to his home town in the north of Sweden, where his mother left when he was seven years old sensitive boy bullied Horses and other classmates to live a low rate of life. He buys old school and invited to participate in the choir at the local Shepherd Stig (Niklas Falk), but reluctant and shy, Daniel refuses in principle. Nevertheless, it is linked with the community and feels attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with the past with a local doctor. His music opens hearts of the members of the choir, which affect their daily lives: slow Torah (André Sjöberg) has the opportunity to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), the wife of Stig, releases its repressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes a stand against her abusive and violent husband; gossip and disappointment Gray (Ylva Lööf) open their hearts against Lena; fat Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) crying enough against jokes businessman Arne (Lennart Jackel); Even Daniel begins to love people, and Lena, as the love of his life. If they are invited to take part in an important competition in Vienna, Daniel finds his music opens the hearts of the people that make it a dream come true. <br /> <br /> «Så Som I Himmelen» touching and sensitive film, with a very beautiful story. It's impressive how the director Kay Pollak and the writers failed to develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes of work. Performances are top-notch, supported by an excellent score and at least two amazing moments when Gabriel sings the song at a concert, and of course, the last concert in Vienna with the audience, jury, and all involved in music, and Daniel makes his dream come true. As in «TEOREMA», a stranger changes the life, not only the family but also the conservative society. In addition, as in many European films, open the output indicates that Daniel was indeed dead, at least in my interpretation, to achieve peace with the success of his music. My eyes became wet in these two pictures. . My vote is nine <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A view no Paraiso" ( "Life in Paradise")
