2004 heart warmer Så som Kay Pollak, I himmelen / How in heaven contains all the stereotypes of the Swedish humanity and inhumanity managing to be called a crowd. It contains a large amount of ammunition for the cynical critics, error-spotter continuity and saccharin-plaintiffs, managing display colors of life in a small community well. The film also runs the gamut posts proverbs about "finding your voice" and "just do it, in spite of his fear," without completely removing the coma throat cynics. <br /> <br /> Her success as a crowd pleaser comes from two facts. First, a short film about strangers bring new life to the rural Christian communities provide many opportunities for exposure of hypocrisy at the same time allowing the repressed characters to break out of their hairshirts. In the same year, and with the same Swedish Breeze, the Queen of Sheba pearls did it, and Babette's feast also comes to mind. Secondly, any movie about small communities, taking on the entire world to strike a chord person in our increasingly self / self-focused and impersonalized world. structural similarity of the film with the likes of The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and clear day shows its outstanding claims. But this formula is life left in it yet, and it seems to be because people have forced movie messages that cause a sense of community almost in spite of themselves. <br /> <br /> Stranger burned maestro Daniel Dareus in search of self-re-opening. In the city he visits, or, more precisely, to revise it without the knowledge of the citizens, the place of his childhood. He hunted relentlessly classmates here, allegedly because he was a sensitive musician with no desire to drive a truck. Here, he takes the job Cantor / choirmaster, in spite of the usual suspects of artists and outsiders. Location, of course, inhabited by a wide range of recognized types whose character arc can be predicted: a broken heart, blonde girl is so beautiful, it almost burns; that the mobile phone bell local businessman; a woman whose beauty is lost amongst domestic violence; steel pastor and his wife less severe, which at first glance directly from Ingmar Bergman. Also in attendance: jealous, anxious virgin (Sioux) (check); geriatrics, whose soul still sings (check); older couples who may have repressed desires to each other since kindergarten (check); Fat man, which specify the function that we must not laugh and say "fat" (check); intellectually disabled boy who is able to sing well «A» (check). <br /> <br /> The film Pollack is not all warm Fuzzies, however. It distracts from the "let's get on the show, despite the setbacks and moral opposition" subgenre. It includes violence and the ending, which may well be a metaphor for death after reaching creative nirvana. The violence of the film largely depends on the male anger and repression, but never delves deeply into why the school bully, which grows in wife beating as it is. In addition, a small town pastor so closely adheres to the didactic, black and wearing a super-Protestant stereotype that his secret indulgence in magazines little girl is not surprising. His repression and hypocrisy only there, chatting relationship to psychological reality. Perhaps unexplained photos boy lost son might one day saw over his shoulder, holding a secret. <br /> <br /> possible, these holes are editing functions like a series of continuity failures and inconsistencies that may be noticed e.g., unexplained reappearance of SIV in the chorus (twice) after moralistic outbreaks. In fact, none of the hitches in the film for a long time and everything seems to be solved within the scene. Apart from some uncomfortable love scenes, the film is 127 minutes rarely drag, but there is a feeling that things can be left on the cutting room floor. <br /> <br /> The film is a solid three-star fare, despite the holes that can be selected there. This is simply because in the world of technology-oriented film and materialistic self-interest, any glimpse of the human community, deep down, welcomes for any person, even cynical.
