This is a very exciting BBC-TV mini-series, which is loosely based on the mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is really more of study to sort characters in the story, which lasts for five hours. Thus, it is an ensemble piece, where a large variety of brilliant British actors and actresses can show their talents. The actual characters you see in fact, "the kind of people one does not usually occur," people are so dull and unattractive, it is difficult to admire them. For example, the main character is a young husband (the one whose wife disappears), which does not work and the implicit interest in finding any. He lives on handouts from his parents-in-law. He was in the army, but not the slightest glimpse of any ambition or any interests in life apart from doting on his small family. He plays David Oyelowo, who is brilliant in the part across as very nice man, though his only work for five hours, loving and sorrowful, he does great, so one wants to calm him down, so he so obviously a good guy. Outstanding performance in the series, of course, Penelope Wilton, which operates round circles, and everyone else in the story. It's just incredible. It reflects a very unsympathetic woman, really the only character in the story is too well known to all, namely, irrational, hysterical, self-centered, thick, gruff, blindly blindly loving and hating, old idiot woman. Alas, unfortunately, we know only too well of them. Wilton is one of the best actresses in the UK (see my review of it in the «Half Broken Things"). She takes a character that could be two-dimensional and four-dimensional makes it. It is beautifully maintained old about Patrick Malahide, who plays her disgruntled husband, and the couple have set a high standard indeed for all young players. McTeer, dramatic actress when younger, became much less sympathetic type of person, now that she's older, already hardened in some way, and puts one off, but it redeems itself in the last stages of history, showing how a brilliant actress, she can be, if she has a chance to pull off one of the most compelling and original drunken scenes that I have ever seen on film. The big surprise is the mysterious character Sarah, played with great depth and originality of the actress Sarah Smart. It takes a character that could be unbearably boring and turns it into a deeply mysterious and intriguing people on the net current of magic, which we wonder tirelessly for five whole hours. It is so good that we end up wondering about Sarah Smart, honest. I believe that this is what happens when you are really doing their job properly, that people wonder where the character ends and begins the actress if she knew herself, that is, and many do not. It has some deeply unnerving tricks with the eyes, which are unstable and let us know that she was upset, but we're not sure how or why, but we eventually found that she was extremely violent and traumatic childhood. Her mastery of ambiguous facial expressions extraordinary. Rory Kinnear strangely convincing as seemingly hopeless guy who lives with his mother and not up to much, but who turns out to have hidden depths. (I believe that most people have hidden depths, but we want to plumb them, that is the question.) His mother played very well Margot Leicester. Superb execution given Drayzek Lucinda, who plays snotty, indignant teenage girl from the kind we all Dread meet, but who in the decisive moments of the collapse in helpless tears and turns disastrous, with all his arrogance just a pose. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda friend and her younger stepbrother and stepsister. Younger brothers and sisters can be very dim indeed, like the characters in the story (they do not seem to be able to say something very clearly, being a bad witness the disappearance), with little to recommend them, but their sweet nature, but transmitted to excellent effect, Lee Massey as a boy and as a girl Anthony Tyler. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we do not get to see much of her, which is a shame because it is such a good actress that she is wasted here. One could go on, but you have to draw the line somewhere. Series pan out to be surprisingly spectacular images from the depths of all these essentially uninteresting people, caught up in a web of intense anxiety and uncertainty.
