Nevertheless, the final program of the Second World War, World at War is not only long, but also very informative. The series consists of 26 episodes (each episode lasts about 45 min.), And includes the events leading up to and following the war. Most episodes of the war in Europe, and there are a few episodes of the war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information about the wars in Africa, Burma, Germany Atlantic and home fronts, the United Kingdom, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is one episode, which is dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with a new episode of Germany (1933-1939), and indicates an increase of the Nazis in Germany and the German territorial gains before the war. Series episode ends Remember; The impact of the war in the postwar world. Remember, this is a fitting scene to finish this wonderful program. Each episode begins with a brief introduction, and then with the opening credits. Captions are accompanied by a strong musical theme. There are plenty of fitting pieces of music throughout the series. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The footage is fantastic, and since it was collected. In addition, some of the shots in color. The information provided also makes episodes of memorable and interesting. <br /> <br /> The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). Commissioned in 1969, it took four years to produce such was the depth of his research. The series was narrated by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and revered 20th-century actors). A series of interviews leading members of the Allied campaign and axes, including eyewitness accounts of civilians, enlisted men, officers and politicians, among them Albert Speer, Doenitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill MAULDIN, Curtis Lemay, Lord Mountbatten, Alghero hiss Toshikazu banks Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Jung and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says in the "creation of the world at war," he tried to interview do not necessarily survive the big names, but their aides and assistants. The heaviest items to find and persuade to give an interview, according to Isaacs, was adjutant to Heinrich Himmler, Karl Wolff. The last witness admitted there is a large-scale punishment. <br /> <br /> Himmler World At War is often considered to be the ultimate television history of the Second World War. Some believe that this is the best example of the documentary form. In the list of the 100 Greatest British Television Programs drawn up by the British Film Institute in 2000, voted for by professionals, World at War 19 th place. The program has everything a viewer needs to know about the war. After watching a few episodes of the series I liked it so much that I tried to watch the remaining episodes, one after another. I've seen some of them several times. There are two other remarkable documentary series that I know that may be of interest to the viewer. One of them is called The Great War (1964), which is about World War II, the other called the Cold War (1998), which is about the Cold War, obviously.
