Music and gloomy delivery Laurence Olivier set the tone perfect for this remarkable documentary. This is still a must see for lovers of WW II, the descendants of the participants of the conflict, politicians who think things will always go their way, if they are expanding their foreign policy through the deck of an aircraft carrier (you've heard that George Bush?) And someone else interesting or need to know the Whys Whos and how some aspects of the conflict. In approximately 26 episodes in chronological order, but one can see from the sequence, since they are more or less self-sufficient. There's sure to be a new understanding for a new audience because of the sheer volume of submissions. Actual footage of battles interspersed with interviews of those involved in the story. Many of the interviews with other thread-like bodies, that is, the staff at the main hero, soldier, captain, secretary, an eyewitness and the like. You get a real advance taste of what war is. <br /> <br /> At the moment I watched the DVD version of the original television documentary. I highly recommend it more worn, gaptoothed, VHS priced offers available on eBay. I paid $ 120 Cdn five 2-sided DVD discs. This new release includes bonus material and in full screen mode. Menu is easy to follow, is the first choice of which episode you want to view, and then selecting what you are given the opportunity to various leaders in the episode, or play an entire episode. Understandably, with such a comprehensive presentation there is a small amount of a navigation menu, but the impact of what you see, do not decrease after 30 years, more than that, 60 years after the end of the war. <br /> <br /> I remember watching the first broadcast on Buffalo PBS station just before moving to London in 1975 and wanting to chat with the time that I could have a copy. Now my wish has finally come true. <br /> <br /> See this movie. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and appreciate the sacrifices and challenges to overcome those from America, Russia, the UK, Canada and all other countries and peoples involved in the ultimate victory. What an eye opener.
