This great feature is very thin storyline and colorful characters and a very steady pace. it also includes a portion of the device "Reap the Wild Wind", as well as the Cecil B. Deille ordered, and his son Anbthony Quinn directed the film from its preparation, which can hardly be a coincidence. it works in both cases, I have to report. Unusual setting tells the viewer that Barataria, the island is controlled by Jean Lafitte built on piracy, but during the war of 1812, and to the fact that he always refrained from bothering the United States courts. Now, General Andrew Jackson was accused of protecting near New Orleans with only 12,000 men against 60,000 British imperial redcoats and 60 ships. LAFITTE men want him in the side with greater force; he wants freedom and a pardon for his men to give way before such a strategic place for the landing of US troops. There are other factors in the storyline; pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack the US and other ships to do so in spite of the orders of Lafitte, leaving the boy alive, not knowing what they missed witness. If his testimony finally comes out, Jackson can not give what asks Lafitte; but in any case, Lafitte and in the mist of his support, pirates and defeat the Englishman Jackson and he swims to any fate awaits the person who had the genius and destiny but not a state. Acting this colorful and beautiful film physically skillful accurately. Yul Brynner is one of his best roles as the Pirate King, Inger Stevens beautiful; the girl he loves, Charles Boyer has a lot of good lines as its adviser, of Lorne Greene powerful rival, EG Marshal Governor, and Claire Bloom charismatic Bonnie Brown. Others in the cast include Ted de Corsia, Dambril Douglas, George Matthews, Henry Hull as adviser to Jackson, Bruce Gordon Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries, and Leslie Bradley, among others. Music by Elmer Bernstein is very catchy, and in 1938 rewrote the script there was only a little freshen up. Brilliant cinematography was the work of veteran Loyal Griggs, set decoration was applied Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, with a lot of decoration Sam Comer i Roy Moyer and costumes by Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley made elaborate hairstyles and Wall Vestmor complex makeup. The film contains quite a bit of good dialogue adventure levels and very strong climactic battle scene. Charlton Heston, and Andrew Jackson, is ready to play the role of the senior general, and later discovered that the person was young during the fight; but it is often effective, gray or not, particularly in its communications with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. This is an exciting and well-mounted entertainment, which looks exactly the same as if C.B. DeMille has completed its production; it is beautiful and almost very fine film.
