If my expectations were not exceeded, they certainly met. "Nancy Drew" and works as a mystery and comedy. He pays homage to the books it was based on and replaces them simultaneously. The film begins with a close-up on a bookshelf and animated credit sequence, reminiscent of the books illustrations. He then begins to immediately lampooning book. Writer / director Andrew Fleming, seems to understand the idea of ​​a teenage girl regularly breaking the crime ring in a small town funny, so he does not consider the idea of ​​a religious. He makes fun of Nancy Drew's ability to do something, for example, an ace every class in the school knows who baked treats ideal for conversion of any enemy on your side, to make a bird house with twelve flying buttresses, and even perform an emergency tracheotomy in the party. Nancy'd always be in perfect style, if she lives in a nice 1950 instead of the current day LA And she drags "Detective Kit" complete with fingerprint dust, flashlight, compass and magnifying glass. The absurdity, of course, but I remember access Hardy boys at any time before CSI equipment, being a little too comfortable, as well. And if perky pipsqueak private investigator a little younger than his literary counterpart, it's just a comic exaggeration of the film. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the film is treated more seriously. Nancy and her lawyer father to move out of their small town in Los Angeles, where Nancy digs in a cold case involving the murder of Hollywood movie star who lived in their new home a few decades ago. Nancy is looking for clues in some pretty practical ways, such as surfing the web sites such as Google and the videotapes and watch old movies victim. If she does something a little more unusual, you have to admire the ingenuity of the girls. Emma Roberts is undoubtedly cute baby playing pint-sized amateur sleuth beautiful. It makes too perfect girl is quite nice, if not quite real. Tate Donovan as great as the father of the girl is too perfect, Carson Drew. He is the ideal father figure, without being incredibly perfect, and he exercise reasonable care for his daughter, when she gets into danger. Less pleasant is taking Max Thieriot at Ned Nickerson, Nancy's boyfriend. I preferred the image of George O'Hanlon Jr. in the 1970s television series starring Pamela Sue Martin, as Nancy Drew, in which Ned was a shy, awkward child with a small crush on Nancy. The character Corky (Josh Flitty), twelve with a crush on Nancy and much less annoying than Ned Max Thieriot in. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seems appropriate cast as Nancy Gal friends Bess and George, but they only make a short cameo in the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Speaking of cameos, Chris rolled (the SNL), Eddie Jemison ( "Ocean's 13") and Bruce Willis all of sudden make guest appearances, which only goes to show you can never guess what movie Bruce Willis will appear next. <br /> <br /> film does not live up to a certain potential, It is mentioned earlier that a new home in the Tree of heavily mined, but Nancy and her father made a stumbling traps within a few minutes after that. In addition, Nancy describes a cold case she was going to investigate the murder, what's going on an extravagant party, which should bring a lot of potential killer, but it faces a number of suspects. And although there are some moments of real suspense during Nancy's adventure, business solution comes out of nowhere and in the end all the possible plot thread tied too comfortable, and someone cares done something is. Cost Ralph Salei adds suspense film, but modern songs teenager woven into the soundtrack is lame. Nevertheless, I really enjoyed this movie, and while the film is aimed primarily at teenage girls, people of any age and gender can enjoy.
