«La Maman et al l Putain» is beautifulest film of all time. And what is most touching about this may be a link between reality and art in the movie has been directly inspired by Proust's "A la Recherche lost time». <br /> <br /> In fact, "La Maman et al l Putain" and "In search of lost time" shows the same story to tell, one of the failures of love, which is repeated endlessly. Name the first woman ever Gilbert and the other woman looks like a twisted and deformed counterpart Gilbert: Veronica as "a whore Gilbert," beautiful as the night, while Gilbert was clean, and the "beautiful as the day." After the failure of his first love, second love begins, but this one, as it was already doomed in the first. Veronica takes the place of Gilberte in the life of Alexander in the movie. It gradually overshadowing her, first from time to time, Gilbert was still there comes a time when Alexander was waiting for Veronika, then completely. This shows that it's the same sad story is repeated, the same "wrong woman," Alexander says, which is infinite. - and changed for Proust, the highest point of love, which makes its existence, but also underlines its illusions <br /> <br /> Art is what causes the transition between what is outside - the illusion of love - to what is inside, it was true, and that the study of this truth. For example, if Veronica notices a strange way of doing it Alexandre bed, he replied that he had seen him in the movies, and then the film, "is done in order to learn how to live, how to make a bed." Alexander wants to live as he was in the movie, he wants his life to be art. <br /> <br /> This concept comes from the art of Proust, whom Eustace shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. «La Maman et al l Putain" fighting against the concept of art «principaly political" - see for example the review of ironic political film Alexander. As Proust says: "Art does not care about all these proclamations, and there is only silence," First of all, the art of introspection and this is also why the realism or naturalism rejected:... Art must transform reality there Proust writes: "I open an illusion . realism, which is a lie "This is why" La Maman et al la Putain "does not hide its artificiality, emphasized by the way the actors" speak "their text:" the more you seem to be artificial, the higher you go, "said Eustache <br /> <br /> St. Eustatius and Proust both share the idea that the artist phenomena is «Translater» with inner truth. But Alexander was not able to succeed where Eustache. «La Maman et al la Putain» tells us about the failure of the character to be what it is. You can SENS tragedy occurs when you go further into a film that gets boring. you can see it in the person of Alexander, who looks more and more like a living dead. you can see this by the fact that the scenes are getting longer, and that after a while, nothing happens outside. At the end of the movie when you see Alexandre letters and Veronica asking if he writes his life, you can guess that it is not so, that even the literature failed. The end of the film shows the symbolic death of Alexander, who splits the severity of reality. And in this tiny room nurse, Alexander looks more like Albertini than Marseille. <br /> <br /> In order to explain this failure, we can say that Alexander is a reader of Balzac. In «Forme et al signification", Jean Rousset explains that in Proust, Balzac readers that Swann and Charles, unable to any artistic creation, because they are stuck in reality, they mistake the art. They see reality in art and "does not know about the changes that necessarily exist between the life of the artist and his work, between reality and art." And this is Alexander. He argues, for example, that he "loves a woman on parallel reasons, because she played in Bresson, for example." It's like Swann, who falls in love with Odette, because she looks like a woman. <br /> <br /> Botticelli's "Life may not be my calling." This idea is really from Eustache, who committed suicide, even if he speaks Alexandre. Nevertheless, there is a difference between Alexander and Eustache if Eustache absolutely Alexander, Alexander, as a double without art, a horrible vision of the artist, which crystallizes out of his fear <br /> <br /> According to Veronika fallow. the end of the film, Alexander condemned to the illusion. This death, which remind me of the last shots of the film, represented by Jean-Pierre Léaud, as well as endless Pucking Veronica. Or maybe this is hell, which describes the end, as in the Sarte in «Huit-Clot", and not as in the final release of «Le Temps retrouvé». If Eustache had read Proust, Alexander could never finish the book, always outraged life and Veronica, when he tries to read it in his apartment or in a cafe. "La Maman et al l Putain" is similar to the back of the double "In Search of Lost Time", which tells how Alexander did not become an artist, and "A la Recherche lost time" says Marcel becomes a writer (Genette). <br /> <br /> If, as Baudelaire says, the artist says, "in the light of the reality of his dreams", his nightmare that Eustace tells us in "La Maman et al l Putain".
