In what could be seen as a coup against the sexual "revolution" (I use the quotes deliberately for this word), Eustace wrote and directed the Mother and the Whore as a poetic, cursing directed against those who can not seem to get enough love. If there is a message to this film and I hope that the message will come only after the fact that even this function, Ben-Hur length should predlozhenie- is that in order to love, to be honest, there has to be some level of happiness, present truth. It is possible to have two lovers? Some of them may try, but what is the result when no one can actually have what they really want, or feel that they can express even say that they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth in the relationship, that Alexander (Jean-Pierre Leo) has with women around him? He was twenty-something pseudo-intellectual, and not with any imaginary work and lives of women, Marie (Bernadette Lafont) a little older, and usually, if not always, his mistress, his last opportunity to the love of -life it left him, and then as soon as he picks up a woman he sees on the street, Veronica (Francoise Lebrun), which may have reminded him of her. Soon, that unfolds the most finely sticks love triangle ever put on film, where the psychological pull strings with the most severe words and slightest gestures. First, we think that this may be all that is with Alexander, but we were wrong. Women are so essential to the question of love and sex, they have to be around to talk on and on, for the fact to sink in. <br /> <br /> We have said that part of the sexual revolution, the theory, if not quite in practice (perhaps it was, I can not say that was not alive at a time to see this first hand) that freedom has led to the absence of restrictions. But Eustache point, if not quite the message that it is practically impossible to have two options: you can not have people like you and expect to enjoy a final communion, arriving to "f *** s" as the characters are again and again. <br /> <br /> Mother and strengths of whores, as far as with the theme expresses this fear by promiscuity, lack of monogamy, but also stimulates the intellect in talkiest talk you've ever seen in a movie at the same time, we see as the character of Alexandre, who probably likes to hear himself say it about a film seen, or something bad from the past, Eustache makes it so that the film does not pretentious- itself, although it may appear but Be it a pretentious, what lies beneath those who hide their internal defects that they should use if they end ahunku, one in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought that films such as PVA / Sunset were Talky relationship clicks, you have not seen it. But as Eustache bites in the dialogues of the characters are sometimes trivial, or "deep," or sexy or open, or sometimes very (or slave mode) emotional, it's never, never not interested or sad. On the contrary, for those who can not get enough of * good * Talky film is exceptional. Although his style is not to call for the arrogance that came with its predecessors in the Nouvelle Vague ten years in advance, the new wave of touch-Eustache is with the characters and then displayed on them. <br /> <br /> This is the realism with a spike relationship with things at the time of biting and sarcastic, crude oil, and without shame in the expression. All three of the actors are so glued to their characters that we can never think of them as "fake" or emotions occur at all in the melodrama. It's almost too good in terms of naturalistic / realistic, but Eustache material there is no other way around it. Fortunately Léaud chip provides a wreath in his career period, and the two ladies, especially Labruna as "whore» Veronika (a claim she denies dramatically in the climax of the film grades in one unbroken shot). And, as another touch, every so often, the director plunges in a quiet moment of thought character sitting on, listening to records, and in contemplation or quiet agony. This is probably the biggest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who has dedicated his film Broken Flowers to Eustache and has one scene in particular that is fully raised (with love) in the approach to the end of a Parisian. <br /> <br /> Sadly, before I saw Broken Flowers, I've never heard of this movie or Eustache, and purchased it became quite challenging (not available on the US DVD, VHS and so rare it took many months tracking in different libraries). Not a minute of that time has been wasted; Mother and the Whore really beautiful work, one of the best French relationship drama, perhaps even only one of the most strikingly conscious, I saw the country as a whole. It's complex, it's sweet, it's cold, it absorbs, and it is a very long time, perhaps too long. It also meets at the level of the form, which I would compare with scenes from the marriage; real discoveries about the human condition continue to occur 35 years after the release of each film.
