This is a refreshing breath of air, if the film actually gives you a plot with a beginning, middle and end, the good, intelligent mystery, with an attractive heroine for all ages, who captivates her wit and charm. Andrew Fleming's film is really a modern miracle, the return to the good old reliable speaking of stories, which was the norm in Hollywood. He removes the over-reliance on special effects, which are currently held for fun and gives us a great movie, with a very capable young actress and a talented supporting cast. <br /> <br /> The film is based on an old book, but it was given updated enough to put in this century; however, the props can be different, the heart is still a good mystery, and there is a clever one here, one that connects the old traditions and nuances of today's youth. Emma Roberts is an old-fashioned girl who believes in good behavior and respect for others; details of which are sorely lacking from modern films. She was still good enough to get the attention of boys, but she also knows how to present poise and self-esteem. She gets her medal by working and not afraid to show a bit of cunning, if necessary to achieve their goals. <br /> <br /> Taking a vacation to California, our heroine is drawn into the mystery of Hollywood actress who was a victim of foul play; Suddenly she was "visited" her ghost, and it sets off a series of events that could solve the puzzle or lead to something terrible to himself. What makes the film very interesting are the small details, as she discovers that her ordinary world is nothing compared to the scene of California, and it is well presented, without resorting to unnecessary vulgar language or anything graphic or explicitly sexual. In the end, the director has sufficient control to make it all very suitable for all types of audiences, from young to adult audiences. This is a film that deserves to be seen, appreciated and enjoyed the film, which is a rare and thin, and he is not afraid to be classified as fun! five stars
