Unfortunately, Eustache (1938-1981) belongs to as many as only the leading manufacturers of French films are currently unknown to those whose films are hard to find, and are not produced in the international DVD. Since we have a good old-fashioned video store in Tucson, I had the opportunity to observe the 3 1/2 hour marathon blockbusters, enjoying a period of ten seconds. <br /> <br /> as we are talking here about one of the most talked about (and most controversially discussed) films of all time, let me tell you my impression that endless dialogues, originally characteristic of early «Nouvelle Vague» with Rivette or Alain Resnais seems almost ridiculous in this film. Dialogues mainly monologues, mostly, the longest of which says Jean-Pierre Léaud. The most characteristic feature is the fact that two people speaking Crossroads is practically zero. Léaud, or his character, Alexander, happy to tell more about themselves than about the subjects he seemed to say. Therefore, one can hardly speak about the relationship in this film. Well it is possible that the director was a brutal satire in mind the anti-idling once so hotly debated political and sociological ideas, but Alexandre type of person there at all times, we find it already in Petronius in "Satyricon" that work is really great similarity with " The Mother and the whore. " <br /> <br /> Alexandre not only personal, but it has developed its own kind of metaphysics about the absence of action, at least acting in the sense of social responsibility, which it is part. He mocks the people who work at work at 7 am c'clock when he was just busy having your last drink before he goes to sleep in the apartment of one of his friends from any money he lives. He can not say one sentence, Sun quoting one of the leading thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre, who soon shows on the French intellectual café «Aux Deux Magots», where Alexander also sits all day, should serve as an excuse for the lifestyle of Alexander and his colleagues, because they suffer from the existential crisis of bourgeois sickness, however, intelligent speech Alexander seems rather pseudo-intellectual, and he smiles and sentences quoted late, and a dictionary of quotations, than from its actual reading relevant books. <br /> <br /> It is true: this film requires an extremely broad knowledge of European, especially French understanding of existential philosophy and there consequences for the movement of revolution 68 students, but if you have this knowledge, what you will enjoy 215 minutes of their life, staring limited in TV and cried laughing, you probably have not done this since a long time.
