Jake Speed ​​is a film that lacks one thing ?? charismatic presenter. Unfortunately, this is something that really infects the entire movie, and it's a shame, because at heart it's a nice thriller with enough witty script and interesting, if derivative room. Although this is probably the genesis can be traced to the success of the trilogy of Indiana Jones ?? the film actually plays a little more like "Romancing the Stone", though in the opposite direction. This is not the author of romantic fiction adventure time led to the adventures of the character is very similar to one of his creations is a fiction character of an adventure (which happens to be the chronicle of his own adventures) leading an ordinary woman on one of his adventures. <, Br /> <br /> If a young woman disappears in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by attractive Karin Kopins) gets involved with pulp hero Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and his sidekick Dennis (Dennis Christopher), and which are to be real and very imperfect people in an adventure that takes them into the heart of the civil war torn African state, and ultimately into the hands of the two brothers magical evil Sid (John Hurt) and his ridiculously camp brother Maurice (Roy London). This is the story ?? this is not a labyrinth, and it is not difficult, but the story of what he says, does not require a large depth. <br /> <br /> sequence of actions are attractive to begin with and it is certainly true that the heroic trio belongs through its paces (or caught in the fighting between government and rebel forces, or when falling into a pit full of lions) and Of course there are some pretty funny lines. However, the film does not seem to be trying to find the end and, unfortunately, the sequence of actions that are very attractive to begin anywhere and eventually become a little tedious and insipid. This, however, may not be such an issue when it was possible to like Jake speed, but because of the performance of Wayne Crawford has become increasingly difficult really care about what happens. Now I do not know when it was stretched a bit thin, he was also the producer and the author of the film whether it is simply not a good actor (as I have not seen him in many other ways), but he never convince as the fraudulent mixture Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. <br /> <br /> It's a shame, because most of the other characters play their roles well ?? Kopins funny and convincing, and her character shares some interesting banter with Jake (unfortunately, this is not convincing). Dennis Christopher ideal as archetypal sidekick and John Hurt plays the role of cAMP appetite ?? almost as if he was in the sixties Batman episode. He walks on his few scenes growl ridiculous Cockney accent put in a performance that almost belongs in another movie. Sid Sun Moriarty (shown as a nemesis Jake from some of their previous adventures / book), but it is always fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​is trying to channel the spirit of fun in movies like "Night of the Comet" (Crawford film production several years ahead) and almost succeeds, but misses ?? which is a shame, because Jake was would be nice to watch for a bit more adventure, and may have been better served by the TV series. <br /> <br /> I would recommend this curious appeal, but in the end it leaves a bitter taste, because most of the elements were there, to do something really good.
