Comedy often have the unfortunate reputation of having little real depth. Arms and the Man, shows that the concept is false. Game Show full comedy drama, combining entertaining story with a true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> At one level, weapons, and Man is a success, and a few unique, romantic comedy. Young, melodramatic, and surface Raina comes from a military family is deeply involved in the war; her fiancé and her father are both military. She's in shock, one night with the arrival of an enemy soldier. She saves him, knowing that she will keep the incident a secret from his family forever, and soldiers eventually leaves. Of course, after the war was over, the soldier returns, forcing each of the main characters to rethink their values ​​and their relationship. <br /> <br /> It's quite interesting how Shaw layers of meaning in a fairly standard plot of a comedy, Shaw unable to comment on the class structures, on the absurdity of war, and even the nature of love. And, of course, he does it with Shavian wit and which satisfies the plot. There is so much here to think about is that I think a lot can be missed in a single view. Arms and the Man is a wonderful comedy theater, and certainly one of the best works of Shaw. <br /> <br /> «Arms and the Man" as a fun and reflection film, which is still relevant today, more than a century after it was conceived. Show mocks popular theory about war and love, and combines military satire mocked about love and family structure. The game has a shimmering wit floating humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example is the application of a dialogue Shaw Captain Blyunchel to Serguis: «I am a professional soldier, I fight, if I must, and I am very happy to get out of it if I did not just you. lover, do you think it is a struggle with entertainment. " In fact, as the son of a Swiss hotel caretaker, Bluntschli there was no reason to go to war, and it was this absurdity that Shaw questions the patriotic feelings. The show explores the whole concept of war and the military on both sides of the fight and in the end shows that the feeling in both camps are no different. <br /> <br /> In the dialogue and sarcasm used for general concept of life is interwoven with gentle assurances movement history to the fantastic finale. End where all the characters are happy and lovers are changing shifts and love is something that emphasizes the essence of this drama as a comedy. This is a film that maintains its image with a versatile and still relevant today, when the concept of war and patriotism, love and marriage has changed dramatically. Show "Arms and the Man" has to remain relevant as long as there is love and war.
