Doyle never wanted to resurrect Holmes, with his death, together with Professor Moriarty in the adventure final PROBLEMS. However, financial considerations forced him to desire (in 1901) to write the Hound of the Baskervilles, which is still considered to be his best novel Holmes and perhaps his best novel. But it was the "Memoirs" of the great detective, written before his death. Just over protests from his public led Doyle to resurrect Holmes fully in the adventure of an empty house, published in 1905. <br /> <br /> This is not something new short stories (and last novel) is very bad, maybe three stories really scary, but very readable even horrible. Some of the more recent (as The Adventure of the Solitary Cyclist) really well. But the production of non-uniformity (particularly after the story in its latest BOW (1917)), are becoming increasingly apparent. He repeats the past storylines, and it shows a very negative aspects of Holmes. In the history of adventures of three gables Holmes shows mocking sarcasm on a character that people of African descent. <br /> <br /> SPOILER COMING UP: <br /> <br /> The Adventure of Charles Augustus Milverton deals Holmes tries to recover incriminating letters from Milverton, extremely successful blackmailer. This is an interesting example of how Doyle would make a very readable story of the plot of the minimum for a little detective work in a fairy tale. Holmes is hired to try to negotiate with the Milverton on the purchase of the letters, but did not get it back no matter what! Milverton proves not only do not want to consider a smaller amount for the securities, but is ready to defend itself from Holmes trying to find their identity. Later, we learn, Holmes got in a household Milverton for caring maid while disguised. At the end of Holmes with Watson goes to burgle Milverton house. He and Watson in the house, if they believe that Milverton waiting for some new business deal in his study (some information that can be used Milverton). Carefully hiding, Holmes and Watson look like a woman comes in who is the victim of collateral damage from past activities Milverton, and a blackmailer who shoots to death. Holmes and Watson are able to burn the collection of Milverton in compromising documents to escape from the house, and then open (for themselves) the individual woman. The police (under Lestrade) do not know who these two mysterious men seen work from home Milverton are, and they are so heinous activities Milverton (they have never been able to bring something home against it) that it is obvious that the murder It will never be solved. <br /> <br /> tale is not one of them spectacular with a real detective work involved as the Speckled Band or SILVER BLAZE. This is a story about the mood at the end of the action - the question being Holmes and Watson get the documents, or they will be caught Milverton? This is not one of the best stories, but in fairy tales as the volume is very well said, and interesting. <br /> <br /> At the time, he wrote Charles Augustus Milverton, Conan Doyle had the experience of the police in relation to its activities sometimes as an authoritative amateur detective / Crusaders. The artist was found dead in his studio in London, and Conan Doyle began writing their opinions about how the murder was committed. Then he stopped - apparently warned his friends in Scotland Yard that the murder not bare looking. The victim was a homosexual, and police were confident that this spat lover gone awry. For the sake of the victim's family (this was in 1905) Doyle issued interest in the case. Thus, he was aware that sometimes the British police acted with restraint on matters do not seem to live up to its full sounding. - limitation to Lestrade who killed the criminal Milverton in history <br /> <br /> Given the description of the story that could be told in the usual hour long version of the series. But the drama of a master blackmailer spent some time showing the victim of a terrible dilemma Milverton (Victorian / Edwardian England) encountered. We see a promising young aristocratic officer to kill himself, faced with the influence of the homosexual because of the extravagant demands Milverton, all at the beginning of the drama. And it's not just homosexuals. Men and women of good reputation in heterosexual marriages can be blurred identification of illegitimate children or past relationships immodest. Indeed, in this story, a woman who kills Milverton is revenge for the death of her husband (known nobleman), destroyed by a blackmailer. <br /> <br /> Milverton played well in his poisonous languor of this wonderful actor Robert Hardy, who, even when faced with sudden furies unleashed it makes no difference (he looks like he is just angry woman shown from his home at the moment) . Brett and Hardwicke do very well in them Holmes and Watson role, as one would expect. <br /> <br /> How serious was the loss of the nature of the rumors or hints in 1905? In 1898, one of the heroes of different imperial wars, and the leader of the last victorious charge at the Battle of Omdurman, which destroyed Mahdist army (see Four Feathers) was Sir Hector MacDonald. He was Governor of Ceylon in 1903, when he suddenly, unexpectedly resigned. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself in the hotel, waiting for some kind of hearing. It later emerged that "Fighting Mac», often considered the most popular commander of the army in Britain, were caught with sleeping arrangements with a hometown boy. Milverton would eat it very quickly ... or his colleague from real life to.
