"Renaissance (2006)," has been established for over six years co-financed by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom in the amount of about 14 million. ?? The end result is a stunning achievement comics animation style, an aesthetic similar to what we have already achieved Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller «Sin City (2005)," but the film used motion capture with live actors to put their face and move in fully animated format. Presented in a stunning black and white, the film looks as if it has been raised of the pages of the graphic novel on which it is based, and the futuristic city of Paris looms menacingly over us. Directed by French filmmaker Christian Volkman, in its full-length debut, "Renaissance" draws considerably from other sci-fi films of the genre, and the tech-noir story is not that we have not seen before, but from a technical point of view, this is perfect. <br /> <br /> in the year 2054 the city of Paris is that the destroyed metropolis, full of dark alleys and deserted paths, the recent installation of modern technology simply offering a thin mask deplorable degradation of the darkened buildings. the largest corporation of the city, Avalon, achieved wealth by providing citizens with the promise of beauty and youth, as well as the research department of the company is constantly striving to invent a great tool to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (voiced by Romola Garay in the English version, which I watched), a brilliant young scientist who mysteriously stolen after returning from work, and so it falls to the legendary detective Barthélémy Karas (Daniel Craig), to reveal her current location. Perhaps a key to a woman's disappearance is Bislane (Catherine McCormack), tempered older sister Ilona, ​​whose creditworthiness is questionable, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), a dedicated doctor who loved Ilona as his own daughter. <br /> <br /> terrible, dimly lit city of Paris recalls Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner (1982)," and some of the technology, it looks as if it could be borrowed from Tom Cruise in "Minority Report (2002)" {which was, coincidentally, also established in 2054}. However, despite this knowledge, Volckman created a fascinating world of his characters inhabit. Combining classic film noir and science fiction, the result is an attractive collage of harsh lighting and dark shadows that I must warn you, sometimes it becomes difficult in the eyes of the viewer. Dialogue little banal nye times and history, although attractive, nothing amazing original {for the final, which I thought was a bold turn to the usual formula, except} offers, but "Renaissance" is designed to work better as a visual treat, and that it is a success in this respect it can not be denied.
