Every second of the movie is great. And that's why he earns 7, because the plot is not particularly crafty, and remembering the past 90 minutes, I never felt any excitement or investment in the characters. Anyway, luxurious image and frame were made some scenes (the car chase, for example) is more pedestrians than they should be - not that they do not look pretty and has a very original design, and sometimes new perspectives - but they are no kinetic movement and close-up shots that are part of the language for any normal action / thriller. The first hour of stretching forward, and the dialogue feels very edited and slightly unnatural - people are waiting for each other to finish and do not always react in a natural tone, which would have been a problem recording dialogue each person individually. In rare cases, the emotion in his voice does not quite match the on-screen; something that really should have been avoided. The futuristic architecture is very attractive (lots of glass walls / ceilings / screens other than the smoke / mirage / special effects) and a pretty car, but again - it is more an exercise in graphic design, without having any real impact on the story. I would argue that the whole purpose of the use of hand-drawn animation (instead of actors / CGI), to really push the limits of imagination and design; to do something that is too difficult / impractical in other environments. Although the animation in the Renaissance, of course, stunning and incredibly well done, I never felt that I saw something that was not done before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French CGI film also suffers from the beauty of the imbalance on the history and pace. To be fair, some of the amazing and attractive French films also sluggish pace, and kept the arrows look to human eyes or rain on Paris stone can cause a lot of excitement - but the animators have to understand that while the animation brings unique strengths, it also has disadvantages compared with the technique of real life. Perhaps it would break from the "film noir" rules that the film wants to follow, but I think the filmmakers also missed a glaring opportunity to explore their future society a little more - social strata, fascist grip of corporations, etc. . <br /> <br /> I have no problem recommending the Renaissance to anyone who loves a stylistic design and / or animation (fans of "Manga" in particular), but I would not do my other friends who love to sit through a movie it. Take luxury visual effects, and it is just an average movie.
