Imagine a classic noir plot lines intertwine with the hyper-stylized black-and-white visual of Frank Miller's Sin City. Then the picture is dark, science fiction thriller, Minority Report like Steven Spielberg or Richard Linklater's A Scanner Darkly. Consolidation of the above would be an appropriate way to describe the dark and atmospheric to take a visionary French filmmaker Christian Volkman in the future in his film debut. But even though the work in this Volckman definitely take reference from the aforementioned films and those who like them, a simplified hybrid does the Renaissance, the end result Volckman, in justice - the film itself is a much more complicated piece of work than <br /. > <br /> Genre Hybrid usually hit and miss affair, especially under current conditions, with a well of individuality, which is increasingly exhausted. Thus, the Renaissance flattering as a cinematic experiment, at least, with its unique interspersing of rough nihilism neo-noir detective fiction and dystopian allegorical terror sci-fi drama, which serve to compliment the story to each other in a strange fashion convention fitting. The script is smart and intriguing one (although one gets the feeling that many of the lines in the script would be much more efficient in their original French than the English translation, - the name of the film becomes much more bitter) control, to stay one step ahead of its audience all the way to end. While many elements of the plot will seem quite familiar to those who frequent such science fiction thriller, the script throws unexpected turns in exactly the right moment to keep the audience in suspense, making it a truly exciting work. <, Br /> <br /> Volckman film really stands out in its visual component, and stunning black-and-white animation film easy to identify - perfectly moody and stylish, it goes to show what a great aesthetic effect of a simple use of two colors can be . With great More paid to the composition and appearance of each shot, and excellent use of very intriguing noir shadows and angles to emphasize the emotional tension of the scene, the film is straight out of a comic book by Frank Miller, but with a twist, the end result being consistently visually lush. <br /> <br /> english color rendering are also given added credence to his very fitting array voice casting. Hoarse voice, Daniel Craig is absolutely perfect piece of casting for the grim, stoic cop Karas and Catherine McCormack strong presence as the mysterious woman whose sister it is investigating the disappearance. Despite the rolling English accent, Romo Garay does a great job as a mad sister in question, and Jonathan Pryce suitably menacing as the head of a shady sinister mega-corporation Avalon. shrill voice of Ian Holm as a strong choice as a mysterious scientist, and Holm makes a strong impression in his short scenes. <br /> <br /> All together, The Renaissance boasts a visually stunning, unique and compelling futuristic thriller, just as intelligent as it is entertaining. Although the plot may seem familiar to those who frequent such fare and sometimes faint line may inhibit the film from being moody masterpiece it is set to be a great animation itself is easy to carry the film through his occasional doubts. For fans of any genre film or interwoven rough graphic novels by Frank Miller, or those who want to evaluate a skilled intention, a little less than usual to take on action-packed thrillers, the film is without a doubt worth seeing. <br /> <br /> - 8/10
