One of the reasons, Pixar's survived so well and was so successful that while their films are technical marvels and visual mosaics, they have a story to match their style. And often very moving style that: affecting, charming and between generations. That's a lot of anime (broadly speaking) and many other animations are not consistent with their technical virtuosity with real content, I think (and I could be wrong) partly because any manufacturers do not bother with character and plot and focus too much on sound and image, or an explicit effort that goes into creating some animations are so huge, so decomposed that they have no power to create a truly engaging story. <br /> <br /> The same can not be said, Renaissance. There are flaws in the story, but I'll get to that later. The same disadvantages, however, are not reflected in the visual - Renaissance cattle short of stunning. Ultra-high contrast image (sometimes as high contrast, there is nothing, except for one person or a visible light beam) is always impressive, is always a joy and incredible detail to behold. Paris Futuristic display dark causing the blade and the brave new world; dark, muddy, rich enough, and even clean, but shrouded in intrigue, corporate malfeasance, obsessed with beauty (the capital of the podium in the end) and masking poverty and neglect of his passes with plywood maze monumental complex architecture. <, Br /> <br /> This is an interesting environment, it is not original, but nice all the same. Film touted "motion capture" technology, and incredible attention to human design and the details give the image black-and-white photographer will die. Not that part prevents entertainment, because Christian Volkman craft some excellent sequences of action: in hell for-Skin Care Chase a couple of terrible (LY shaped) kills a few fights in the dark and the other language in the gloomy apartment, place great, too (I I want to visit a night club). While the central character of Karas your regular off-the-Regiment maverick policeman, two other female characters (which sister) are the real engines of the film. On the basis of the war-ravaged Eastern Europe, war products, diaspora and family misunderstandings, they are convincing metaphor for Europe as a whole. <br /> <br /> The film is extremely atmospheric, its dizzying hovering Pho Cam moves and tons of adult makes for a very attractive experience. Nevertheless, the story ... It never gets more interesting than the original hook, in which the tireless stretch Karas must find Ilona Tasuiev, drop dead gorgeous and innovative scientist, after she snatched from the street. Sinister corporation Avalon (any corporation is never sinister?), That it works to "classified" projects obsessed with her search, and soon Carp to his neck in the official reprimand, the dead body, cigarette- smoke and narrowly missed the bullet, and fell in love with sister Ilona Bislane (very sympathetic voice of Catherine McCormack), as it paves the depth of the dirty underbelly of the city's (and his own past). <br /> <br /> text -book noir, in other words, but while I was enjoying the movie much more than Sin City (to which it bears a passing resemblance visual), and plot resolution dull theme of immortality rises but never investigated, and the machinations of the general director of a high-rolling Avalon Paul Dellenbah also dim, cutting a lot of dramatic tension. The main ideas of familiar science-fiction genre materials, and have a nagging feeling that the visuals and atmosphere conceal secular material. <br /> <br /> However, the film as a whole informed and totally coherent, even if some of the characters in the script fall sometimes feel justify manifestations of technical wizardry. But this view of life in Paris around 2054 vision of society and the creation of another city with zero, which makes the film something to see. I can take it too seriously, and if so, I can at least say that it is perfectly done, very interesting (and quite mature, too), and with an atmosphere like no other.
