It makes no sense to evaluate the film. It's as if you blame (or praise) newborn to his future life. Instead look at it as a powerful meditation on what it could be and that it was in the past 100 years. + One hundred and eight years in cinematograpy: it was small? I like to think about what will be (creative), if Europe had not been interrupted (broken) two great wars of the twentieth century. On its ruins a fake neon locking uncreative and reactionary circus called Hollywood erected himself. By 1914, the French, Italian and Scandinavian theaters were ahead both in financial terms and, of course, creativity. French film, in particular, have the threads are very original and creative way that would (if not interrupted) may have changed history in the middle of some unimaginable ways. Interestingly, the story of the film will look like today if it had not been stultified and suffocated by the mercantile and cheap political agenda 80+ years in Hollywood that Chekhov could be defined as the rails of greed and debauchery ... As much as he may please, at least become aware of the departure of La as a key (or at least one of them) in "The Kingdom." Thus, the birthplace of cinema: Lumiere Brothers Factory, Lyon, France Date: March 19, 1895 (there is also a copy of the coil to shoot in the summer of 1895, so if you notice a summer light and lighter work clothes: it was the first version of the show is the People who ever saw moving images * Louis Lumiere .: creative ideas, cinematography, direction is all Louis's own domain, as Auguste took care of the rest (money) * The first reel films were long all fifty seconds :. camera (= l Cinema ) and cameraman (cinematographer le), which has only paltry fifty seconds to make things happen! * Apparently Le Lumiere Institute get to keep about 1500 of these first films made mostly hard-working team of Loumiere traveling pen filmmakers from crossing the globe. *** thus, all the stars in the night sky and the minute silence is perhaps the most magical invention in human history (until now).
