The story says that, on 28 December 1895, a small group of thirty-three people gathered in Paris Salon Indien Du Grand Café, to witness the motion picture, supposedly a new invention resulting from work carried out by a pair of photographers under the name of August and Louis Lumiere. Small audience reunited on the same day (some on the invitation, the majority of curiosity) really did not know what to expect from the show, and when a fixed photo appeared projected on the screen, many thought was just another Cinématographe Develop a fancy to this slideshow projection. To picture began to move. That these thirty-three people who know the fear that cold day of December was the first public display of the moving image projected onto the screen; story writing and cinema, as we know, that he was born on that day. <br /> <br /> With the 10 short films that were shown on this historic day, «La Sortie Des USINES Lumiere" (literally "Out of the Lumiere Factory") was the first to be screened. The film shows many workers Lumière factory as they go through the gates of the plant, resulting in the building at the end of a busy day. While very simple "reality film" (a film that shows the actual event), the film took everyone in the audience by surprise, because their concept of moving images was limited to "Peep Show" machines Edison (the Kinetoscope), the invention of brothers was nothing like they had seen before, and therefore the audience stood in awe, because that humans and horses moving across the screen. The idea is not entirely new (Le Prince shot the first film back in 1888), but a way to show the film was a revolutionary. <br /> <br /> «La Sortie Des USINES Lumiere" is the first in a long line of "Actual films" that Lumiere will produce for many years. This primitive form of the documentary has been favorite brothers from the movie, because they were more interested in the technological aspects of the invention than using Cinématographe may have. Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, after the first one that shows Cinématographe was a great success and «La Sortie Des USINES Lumiere" quickly became a cult image of the first screening. It definitely was not the first film brothers taken in this year, and it probably was not the best of the 10 films shown on the same day (I personally think that the «L» Arroseur Arrosé »was the best out of 10); However, it really is significant that the very first film was the opening of the gate pairs, in the literal sense, this film opened the gates to the cinema as we know it. 8/10
