I have just returned from a late night movie, and it was really quiet the way a large part of the audience thought about, though in real life black-and-white images, partitions, liberation movements, and so on, which was very reminiscent of the life of "our ancestors faced! against this background, note, there was no phone / fax / internet in those days, but also for the voice of truth and non-violence, film impregnated with a spirit harsh reality of deprivation in the midst of a strict Raja. <br /> <br /> Gandhi showed how hard-working attorney in South Africa, which was behind its main ideology and gave each degree of conviction, to spread awareness of the same humility and holiness that are spoken to common smut speeches were shown as good bye to screen.It it was better prepared with subtle humor and a veiled threat to the British rule in India! it was good remark when he said that we pray in the silence of the British in India at a time when Gandhi, the politician is in India (in relation to the saints). <br /> <br /> in the background of a large family with lots of children, must be explicit mention of the division of attention and love, which was supposed to throw a spell on the psyche of the unfortunate child who was left alone to seek for the unrealistic ambitions.Little Harilal made aware of his abilities, and he gets emotionally captured the small pleasures in life, and not in front of a huge idol of his father.He trying to do on the ship-master, which is the foundation of any success that was to see those fortunate neighbors street residence D Andy when Harilal muzzle of his disappointment in open.This means that he becomes mentally weak and becomes psychologically abnormal to such an extent that he was forced into a religious conversion and alcoholism, with a long and dis-submission feed your negative thoughts. he still showed sincere love for his mother through a touchy scene and modest expression even Gandhi form Harilal just did not come across any conclusions in his mind, he was always afraid of his father, Gandhi. <br /> <br /> He could not digest the fact that Gandhi could not share their love with him, as he expected, and was driven to revolt, when he could not understand on the basis of equal dignity delivery scholarship money his father to his cousin where he saw failed to learn from a lawyer in England. <br /> <br /> This was to take it affects him thrown out on the streets as a beggar, when the whole of India was celebrating Indepedence! Life destitute never changes no matter what, but the manner in which these sad death Kasturba Gandhi himself and brings emotional silence.Finally last thoughts of a dying violent Harilal shown as a flashback to capture the audience and keep wondering where did the father of the nation go wrong ? he was smart enough to be mentally strong to lead-man army and use it a brave soldier-son, as a weapon to show the British and opposing forces that, when it comes to the interests of the people, nothing comes in between.Sadly although it is to read the hearts of Mahatma one must live outside their family and see what emotionally naive harilal could not see live inside .... <br /> <br /> is a pity that such a naive harilal are still ruining the efforts of many Mahatma-like parents in many families in today's life and took drug ykav, alcoholism, and God knows what thoughts !! That is the message of all those brave Sainik (soldiers) -sons Respect the Father of the Nation! Please Obey and happiness should be granted anyway this disaster in waiting, is not it?
