It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to make Gandhi (1982) ?? it simply tells the story of a great man, walking on this planet, not so long ago. For comparison, it should be much more difficult for the director Feroz Abbas Khan making his debut as a director, to Gandhi, my father, ulceration shriveled antihero against international character, both of which were historically real person, and parents and son, ironically, Events in the film mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived, as shown in the film, setting high moral standards for the world to follow. However, these same standards overshadowed hopes his eldest son to be a lawyer Harilal reputation, like his father, to complete their education and get a job in India, and thus provide an income for his nuclear family. <br /> <br /> film not debunk Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was more than the aspirations of his family. He loved his family and took care of them, although his thoughts were for their reconciliation blinders his ideal care for the masses. He advocated the equality and dignity of all persons, and, in his opinion, to give special advantages impossible for her own son with a view of the other worthy persons went on the basis of what he preached. The film looks at the unusual case of paternity ?? where idealist parental leaves place for the course of the game less than brilliant descendants. <br /> <br /> The film is an unusual scenario that happened. Son marries his beloved childhood, his father's care. Father cares educational aspirations of his son on several key junctures. Delicate relationship between the devotee and the son of the father breaks down, as the son wants to stand on its own two feet and take care of their nuclear family. While the father is gradually becoming a father of the nation, the son stumbles into the valiant quest for identity and survival. His marriage breaks and seeks solace in religion, pitching between Islam and Hinduism. Through all his hardships his relationship with his mother is, until she reproaches him for drunkenness. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan, in fact, the director of the play makes it a foray into the cinema. He wrote a play against Mahatma Gandhi who had a significant impact on the Indian community theater. Games and, as a consequence, the film was based on two biographies, one by Chandulal Dalal and another by Nilamben Parekh, successfully stepped games was evident cause of the commercial Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor to produce this distinctive film. Every time a good play director is trying to direct the movie there is evidence of a lack of confidence with the medium. Peter Brook is a great director of the play, but less competent as a filmmaker. The first images of the film Khan promises a great movie ?? abandoned Charilaus Gandhi brought to Sion Hospital, Bombay (Mumbai) just muttering that his father Bapu (popular name of Mahatma Gandhi), parents to the whole nation. Hospital authorities do not recognize him to be the eldest son of Mahatma Gandhi died in poverty and loneliness. Apart from the dramatic opening of the film, unfortunately, it is just a great story and some excellent outside shooting of father and son meditating in the silhouette. For the Indian film he presents some high production quality, which go hand in hand with the lack of interest for the items (clothing most of the Indians in the film seems to be dust and freshly laundered, modern hairstyles actors, and even Shefali Shetty plays Mohandas Gandhi's wife centuries ago Plucked eyebrows), the bane of Indian cinema. So Feroz Khan theater personality, he put much more effort into working with the actors to develop characters, rather than the cinematic detail, like Sir Attenborough another person who is also a product of the theater (The Royal Academy of Dramatic Art). <br /> <br /> Knowing very well that criticize Gandhi somehow been spit, even when there was no direct criticism of the film, directed by Anil Kapoor took a momentous decision about not putting up posters of the film on the available height in India for fear that someone might pull a poster or disrespect him intentionally or unintentionally. <br /> <br /> For all its mixture of greatness and faults, Gandhi, my father throws a few questions on the viewer. Is the mother-son bonding is stronger than the father-son relationship in the education of children? Is his next of kin are less important than humanity as a whole? We have to seek refuge in each religion and alcohol only when worldly problems occur? In this film, Harilal suffered adversity passes from one religion to another, while his father was quoted scriptures "Forgive them, for they know not what they do" when beaten and thrown to the ground of the South African police, convinced of the value of religion and convince others as well. <br /> <br /> film won the Best Actress award at the Tokyo International Film Festival for the film Shefali Shetty (Shah) and Indian awards from critics. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor regulate sensitive subject very well and caused above average performance with the ensemble cast. I hope the international success of the film paves the way for a director's ability to shoot another brilliant game Indian Girish Karnad in Tughlaq something that meets international quality standards.
