Feroz Abbas Khan Gandhi My Father, a film that sheds light on the fractured relationship between the Mahatma and his son Charilaus Gandhi. For history is just as dramatic as the one this film is trying to say, it is a pity, the director can not say it strongly. Gandhi my father told you how this sad history lesson that put you to sleep at school. Now, the film seeks to convey one very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi in his attempt to be an honest man, ended up being unfair to his father. This point is made in the film many times, and one of the examples to make the point that the science in England, which Gandhi twice denies his son. Instead, to show us exactly how Harilal dealt with this betrayal and what was going on in his head, the director simply moved along with the story, thus not allowing us to be a witness to the growing discontent Harilal feels towards his father. That is why, when we finally see the flash from Harilal, he comes off looking like he overreact. <br /> <br /> The point I am trying to make here is that we never get to understand exactly why Harilal became the rebel that he did. We will never understand why he converted to Islam and then back to Hinduism. The fact is that we never really do not understand Harilal general. This is because the director of the film is too busy focusing on Gandhi and his role in the struggle for freedom, history, most of us are already familiar. Simply put, Gandhi My father promised to consider the strained relationship of father and son, but it's not so much how to show us where the cracks in connection with this first set. We understand, Harilal had to live with the weight of being Gandhi's son, but to show us why it was a burden to begin with. Show us the cases of the outbreak of conflict. For example, it is not enough that Gandhi said only that he opposes early marriage Harilal to tell us why this opposition? Not only is the Kasturba blames her husband for the way her son was - to constantly shuttling him between schools in Gujarat and South Africa, making it to redeploy every time Gandhi needed to move. Words are not enough to show us how these events shaped the character of Harilal Gandhi.What What's more, instead of to follow with barbed theme of this tenuous Gandhi versus Gandhi relationship, the film takes too much involved, thereby diluting the impact of the central theme. It was never intended to be a film about the struggle for independence, and yet, in many cases, this is exactly what it looks like, because the director feels almost obliged to take us through all the main events that led to this historical moment, although most it has nothing to do with the basic premise of the film - the stormy relationship of father and son. So you see, the problem with this film is not that it's a bad film, but it is certainly very confused film. What happens to Harilal children after his wife's death? Does he ever relationship with them? Where did they suddenly disappear after that one scene in which we see them from a Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions are not answered in the film, which basically means that the relationship in the Gandhi family. Version of the film with a very popular play of the director Feroz Abbas Khan's Gandhi My father disappointment, no questions asked.Cinematically, he struggles to translate the ambitious intentions of the filmmakers on the screen. Almost every scene in the film opens and closes with a sinking modules and damping, never quite easy to Sun resulting in each other. On the positive side, there is a characteristic of the nobility in the film that you recognize. The director makes every effort to deliver a balanced story, being careful not to take sides, never to judge neither the father nor the son, nor the painting as a villain. What the film does not do, however, make it clear that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals are formed nation, but obviously alienated his family. Of all the actors in the film is only Akshay Khanna, who really shines in the role of luck devoid Charilaus Gandhi. This excellent performance, and it is not easy, since the role encompasses practically the entire life of the character. But Akshaye brings rare decoction of innocence and sadness in this part and managed to make Harilal pitiable figure. Just watch him in the scene in which he discovers that his wife is dead, and you will understand how it passes through body language alone. Darsi Zhariuola, meanwhile, who plays the senior Gandhi takes caricaturish approach to the game Mahatma in the last years of his life, but that's how it humanizes man in his early years as a lawyer in South Africa, which is the best contribution the actor this role, Bogota gifted Shefali Shah plays Kasturba, a woman who is meant to be broken in this father-son conflict, but if it is not able to bring through this feeling of helplessness, it is actually not so much her fault as it is the fault delicate script, etc. A lot of effort ayshlo for the manufacture of the film, and it is obvious to all, but the film suffers from the inevitable disadvantage that in the end, you'll remember this when you come out of a movie - it's just like Gandhi My Father boring.Director Feroz Abbas Khan, a sincere effort yes, but also a film that could have done with a much tougher scenario. What do we learn from the film Gandhi and Harilal made one other accidents. And with this film, the director makes us too.
