With a very long time, we see a movie on Gandhi. And basically, the light is always the figure of Gandhi, as a freedom fighter or a person with principles. But when I heard that the film is made, which will emphasize Gandhi, the Father and the stress on his relationship with his son, he immediately struck my attention, because this is one area that is no less studied as it has its own dark side and fewer people having the courage to to live in it. Fortunetly, Anil Kapoor (producer) and Feroz Khan Abbado (Director) made. <br /> <br /> The story began with Gandhi's work in South Africa and its relations with the white man and his wife. Akshay last (Harilal) joined his father for becoming a lawyer, but his dream took a turn when his father (Gandhi) pushed (or motivated) to become a freedom fighter. This will demonstrate that Gandhi considered a hands-on learning, and then formal education. Harilal also tries to walk on the running board of his father, but soon failed as his passion for his wife, children and his dream of becoming a great success changed its path, and then start the repulsion between the son and father. In the end, he defeated his father in terms of his dreams and left him on his own terms. He wrote to India, but then failed to start its history, which are becoming more and more time. I leave the reader to see the film to catch the subsequent history of ... <br /> <br /> performance. Firstly Akshay. He gave the best performance of his tenure so far and is absolutely convincing in his portrayal as Charilaus Gandhi. The scene in which he had to get to the room where the dead body of his wife is the one where you can see the wonderful actor who is hidden / develops Akshay. Darsi Zhariuola as good as MK Gandhi and is able to live a longer life the character. He performed well and quite easily. Shefali Chaya (now the Shah), as the Kasturba a brilliant actress and has already proved its metal in the television series. Bhumika Chawla also performed well, but the actress her candidacy is a waste in these kinds of roles. Another actor has also justifies their performances. <br /> <br /> Technology and makeup is also good and cinematography especially tonnes Duo color picturisation was too good. The suit looks and match with the context. <br /> <br /> In general, it is necessary to watch a movie, which is defiantly continues slowly, and impatient people may find this boring, but to give you an idea of ​​the area that did not bring the silver screen to date, In addition, the path of progress and history Us scenes may look worn for some people, especially critics, but for the average observer movie, like me, it is still enough to make me busy in his place until the end.
