I was expecting a superhero movie like this for a long time. "Mystery Men" takes its place among the classic comic strip parodies on television as "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and the cartoons as "Underdog" and "Super Chicken." The same spirit lives on in all of them: comic tons mocking; the courage to strive for the heroic life risks ridiculous; nya-so-sure-footed, so that these characters manage to prevail over their rivals. This misfire spark igniting nobility in low-cost, and it's great to see it glow so high and bright here. <br /> <br /> «Mystery Men» opens at a party in a nursing home. I want to Kinka Usher made sense to give more energy and life of older people in the scene. As it is, it looks like a George Romero may have come up. We need to get the feeling that these old people are so abrupt, like everyone else, or it feels condescending. By the time the red eyes crashing holidays, you half expected Tom Waits, who plays a weapons inventor with a penchant for the ladies in their eighties, to stand up and shout: "Just what needed in this game - a little excitement" If a writer Neil Cuthbert had any sense, he would have had Waits mixing it with offenders and pushing on the side of the Convention, to do the same. This would make for kindling the beginning, and the introduction of better caring trio Shoveler (William Macy); Blue Raja (Hank Azaria); and Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), who seems to have come out of nowhere to save the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other issues to «Mystery Men», than I care to go in; among them, the villain needs Casanova Frankenstein to have cultivated a sense of the absurd, like the rest of the people in this film, and he does not. Geoffrey Rush the wrong actor for the part; it has to be way over the top, to the conflict between good and evil galvanic one. And Rush has never shown a talent for Outre. You are looking at the ripe theatricality in John Lithgow in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or dry, effortless control timidity Polo Freeman in "Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark." Instead, we get the stylization; is unstable and not in full. <br /> <br /> There are too many ideas that run through «Mystery Men» for anyone to tie them closely to each other, and this may be the most profound problem. But regardless of the type of disorder, it is a kind of a mess I love. Ben Stiller has always seemed a slum in the roles he takes. This one is no exception, but it goes at it with such conviction that you leave, feeling that he had learned something about comedy grows in the family, in the subordination of Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His Roy connected to all offended, overly sensitive, chronically defensive views that Woody Allen made popular. And whether he is insinuating its way to defeat the waitress at his favorite hangout (smooth Claire Forslani), or cast doubt on the wisdom of fellow superhero (Wes Studi as the Sphinx), or giving a new member of its "elite" groups (Jeaneane Garofalo that, perhaps, is its funny moments on the screen) a hard time, he does it is always fun to watch. I could not say that about him, "There's something about Mary." <br /> <br /> Jeaneane Garofalo proves with this performance, she had to be the star of «One Exact" instead of Renee Zellweger. I do not think I've ever seen funnier exchanges between father and daughter (well, so that he is dead, and his skull in a ball of bowling, so I ware) in the movie. And the funny thing about this role is that it feels like a bizarre haunting repetition of Emily Watson talks with God in "Breaking the Waves". In this version, the girl did not die, and the bells do not ring in my head <br /> <br /> William H. Macy is doing something very difficult. it makes magnetic phlegmatic. You immediately realize that attracted Jennifer Lucille Lewis Eddie. You can also understand the irritation. a barbecue is enough to drive me over the edge, but if charming, half-breed son Eddie looks at his father and said: "I believe in you, Dad." to which Lucille sighs and cries, "Roland, Sun encourage your father" you feel like standing and hail Neil Cuthbert as the wit of the first course. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (whose only moment in the film music up to that point was his naked rear «Birdcage») and Lasserre (Has it been more than two decades since we first took note of it in " bananas "and" Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman "), as the son and mother, who share a love of silverware;? Greg Kinnear, as the capital of the country, and Ricky Jay, his publicist; Kel Mitchell as" Invisible boy "; Paul Reubens as the "Spleen" and Lena Olin, who, if she had not had a few lines in this film is that it seems to be visiting the set.
