Director Kinka Usher remains true to its credo, "Play directly, and they will laugh," and with the help of an excellent cast processed that should become a cult film # 1 all time, `Mystery Men". When the evil villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) released from a psychiatric hospital, captures the local superhero captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), and threatened to take the Champion City, three-want to be a superhero, Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), of the Shoveler (William H. Macy) and Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) to help. Frankenstein was joined by countless assortment m underworld scum, however, and became a formidable opponent Trio understand that need help and decide to enlist,. that they end up not less than the `most memorable superheroes ever assembled in the history of cinema, Mr. Furious has its own. anger Shoveler, his shovel; Blue Raj throws silver (basically plug and sometimes a spoon, but never a knife), invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell) can become invisible, while no one is looking; Sphinx (Wes Studi), a heavy hitter from down south, very mysterious and can break arms in half with his mind. Maybe Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can throw a ball with deadly accuracy; and Spleen (Paul Rubens) has flatulence which may incapacitate the entire room. This is a brilliant ensemble piece that brings laughter never becomes condescending or patronizing the audience during the game right at all times. Witty dialogue and performances provided by Stiller, Mace, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are a number of memorable and funny scenes, especially the one in which they quit the party and barbecue on the pool work, and conduct interviews with the applicants stunning assembly; and the other, in a bar, when the bowler conversation with her long-dead father, whose skull had been implanted in her bowling ball. Comical of all, however, it should be if the team is actually trying to save the capital of the country. But these are just examples, for the entire film consists of a single gay scene after another, imbued with subtle humor that will keep you laughing and thinking about it for a long time. The real secret, it is a success, however, is that Usher keeps it all really; relationships between the characters are real, and the whole concept of being `Superhero» plays as it is reasonable, that somehow gives you a feeling of confidence in the procedure. In this world, the pursuit of Mr. Furious and the rest of the logic, and Usher keeps the laughter comes, never resorting to farce or just a fun view. The solid supporting cast includes Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Lasser (mother Blue Raja), Jennifer Lewis (Lucille) and Pras (Tony C). `Mystery Men» it really inspired the film, which can be seen over and over again with a new laugh to be with each view, guaranteed. In the immortal words of the Sphinx, `We're number one! All other number two or lower. This is Oscar worthy film? Hardly; but a good time and lots of laughter, treat yourself to this comedy masterpieces; this is the real deal and you will not regret it. I rate this one 10/10.
