I saw «Mystery Men» on my birthday in 1999, when I was on vacation. When I got home, I went to see him again. Keep in mind I was twelve, but at that time it was the coolest movie ever. I even put together an ultra-rare figure of action (I have them all for Bowler, that the most difficult to find, with the exception. They have infuriated Mr Shoveler, The Blue Raj, the spleen and the capital of the country, in case your wondering. Since there 'it is a figure of William H. Macy exist!). I watched it many times over the years and it is still my favorite, mostly thanks to the warm memories of childhood. This is not a perfect film, but it is definitely worth another look and perhaps cult <br /> <br /> stories :. A bunch of low-level superhero to save the day. It was performed again in an ordinary, straight to video «The Specials", as well. But it is the other end of the spectrum: a big budget (huge budget, about $ 100 million, I think) studio comedy. Thus, the consequences of exaggerated and huge sets and excellent design production a bit more, given the plot. But I do not think that this is stupid, special effects, superhero movie - it's a parody. They are fighting a villain named Casanova Frankenstein, people. It has psychofrakulator, what would it (the doomsday device, he will take over the world, talk.) And resident superhero Captain Amazing (and Zapp Brannigan-esque Greg Kinnear, with commercial products, logos on his suit, nice touch) is kidnapped. Time for Mystery Men: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller, angry), of The Duck, Shoveler (William H. Macy, beats people with shovels), Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, British, throws villas), goulash (Janeane Garafolo , bowls), invisible boy (Kel Mitchell, guess that it does), Spleen (Paul Reubens large, farts) and Sphinx (Wes Studi, cutting weapons in half with his mind, I'm not kidding). The rest of the fantastic cast of character actors includes Geoffrey Rush as Casanova, Lena Olin heavily edited, as a bride Casanova, and the one and only Tom Waits as mad arms dealer. So ... with Mace, Kinnear, Olin and Rush has four Oscar nominees (and one winner) and Tom Waits Freakin '! It is not perfect, though. It is long and there are some gush of corniness here and there (The-shoveler ducks full of them). <br /> <br /> dialogue certainly outweighs the physical comedy that is sometimes lacking (there is a guy who farts for his power, the case is closed). Conversation certainly highlight, cyclic Ramblings sphinx mixed metaphor g-angry etc. This is quite funny movie (it almost make you forget that it was a movie, let «All Star» by Smashmouth in the world.) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the film is not so well with critics and audiences, as It should be. Continued originally planned (the film is actually based on the comic books and characters from the comic book «The Flaming Carrot." The Flaming Carrot was scheduled for continuation, I think), but it is not very well at the box office. It might be difficult to sell, a superhero comedy with a guy from "There's something about Mary." It can also be the fact that it was released on the same day as "The Sixth Sense" - which ended up being the biggest hit in August - as well as «The Thomas Crown Affair». Two other concepts classics were released on the same crowded weekend, strangely enough - "Dick" and "The Iron Giant". Critics gave MM passable reviews, but it was quickly forgotten. Sadly, at Roast Comedy Central, Jerry Stiller, comedian Jeffrey Ross Ben Stiller commented that "I have seen" Mystery Men ", and I fired my agent." Ben then saw her mouth the words, "I have to." Do not listen to him. Give "Mystery Men» chance.
