when I first started watching it, he became one of my favorite shows. Melissa Joan Hart is a very funny and talented as were the aunt and the other characters and the star of the show cat Salem, he was very funny. the first few season, in my opinion, were the best, where Sabrina was a teenager in high school to adapt to the life of the witches. they were the most ridiculous, the most spectacular and the most um ... good. I'm not a fan, when they began to enter the Brad and dreamer, because I was very fond of Valeri ~ d, but they were OK there was a problem, they were only there for one season. if you're going to have new people, at least, keep them. I do not like Josh was TVT * t, I chose to Harvey, but then he disappeared. and they got rid of Libby! it would be strange, if your listing has been bickering for seven years. and Mr. craft, as well as if he and Zelda were married that would be gold! Sabrina then out of her aunts house and Roxy / house miles / Morgan. I did not want any of theses people, it does not really think they liked Sabrina. Sabrina seemed to lose its charm and things, and aunt seems, escaped from her life and they have their stupid storylines. I sort of stopped watching it for a while and old re-runs back and I was like Oh-hoo! LOL. I must say that the last few seasons have been completely terrible.they rid of aunts that are absorbed, because they were a big part of the show. Then she suddenly lets these two freeloaders move to a nice house when they saw him dirt. and now she works in a magazine store, so they put the burden of celebrity guest stars on the show, if they are in every episode he seems to destroy it. program only really went down and lost its luster. I saw the last episode. he had aunts in it (Zelda was reduced to a candle), and she is going to marry, but she runs off with Harvey over. I wanted to know what happened after. and here is my review and the only thing I can say is the only thing that he was appealing itself in seven years was a cat Salem.
