You know that people in the movie with him, when the king-sized hailstones fall from the clear blue sky. In fact, the weather is very bad throughout this atmospheric thriller, and the only lawyer Chamberlain is the answer. But he was too much of a European rationalist, I conclude, to get in touch with the inner being, that only manifests itself through dreams. <br /> <br /> Darkly original mystery heavy on the metaphysics of the writer director Peter Weir. He has already proved his skills in flirting with other sizes in Picnic at Hanging Rock (1975). That's the secret world of the Australian Aborigines, which opposes that tightly ordered world's dominant white. Something strange is happening in the aboriginal community, when they kill one of them for no apparent reason. Yuppie lawyer Chamberlain should protect them in a white man court. But the more he looks at things, more mysterious things become, and the greater interest of the country old Aboriginal man goes into it. And then you have these nightmares, which come and go at odd times. <br /> <br /> A well-structured script deepening interest in everything. One of the reasons the film works background normality Chamberlain's wife and young daughters. The audience can easily identify with them. And if their little world is facing forces beyond the normal, the normality begins to buckle, and we get a sense of the worlds begins to face. Chamberlain detract from everywhere, especially during the opening of the underground tour, where I think he would show more understanding grows, than he is. In the end, it's picking up a mask that holds the key (I think) to a solution, but his reaction does not actually register the opening. <br /> <br /> Of course, the concept of nature strikes back has a particular resonance now, thirty years later. In the film, the concept is wrapped in many entertainment hocus-pocus, but the subject remains an eloquent one. One way of showing the central irony of the film symbols of the opening scene. Big white SUV barrels last aboriginal families, leaving them in the historical dust. The terrain looks like the interior of a tribal reservation is not important for the coastal fertile where the industry is located. However, it is also the region most likely to survive anything like the last destructive wave. Maybe there is something of the past and the future to think here. <br /> <br /> In any case, it's a really good movie that will probably stay with you.
