Spoilers I loved the later episodes of the college and on, but I would like to receive final season on DVD. Unfortunately, the last I could get it the first college season. Even in his youth he was sweet; although they focused much on magic, they also made it a symbol that teens could hurt, deeling stuggles with teens and children in divorced families. This show was very innocent; they do not fall into the painful teenage issues such as sex and drugs, but they Deel with the pressure to fit in. I loved to watch her grow and cope with its own magic and try to convince her aunt to let go, she left the nest. Older episodes have been pretty, but it was the only way to better see it as (and in fact not the Teenage Witch more), but the adult witches. I loved the Roxy and Mortgan; they were so talented! In previous episodes aunts were great actresses, but they were so strict, kind and loving, but they treated her like a child, in a sense, but not in all respects. I mean, they grounded her for every mistake she did her magic, I mean let her learn from their own mistakes this time! It was something that I liked college episodes; she was able to learn from their own mistakes without ground over all; which is annoying. Nha suppressed Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard beautifully and is ideal for Sabrina with her pleasant personality. I liked the last episode, where she went to marry Harvey, but as someone said, it would be good to see what happened after. I mean, I think that it was obvious that they were getting married; where else they fled in a wedding dress? But I would like to have seen it. I assumed that they wanted to leave it up to the viewer to choose termination, but rather than spoon-feed it to us, like most comedies. Someone said that they could have shown them to get married and go to school in the house, but they have already graduated from college. Sabrina had a lot of work for the magazine, and I think that Harvey had a good job, because he lived in a nice apartment, which we see only at the end, but they never say what he was doing. As a child, they always say that he does not want to be a fighter like his dad. If Sabrian moved into a house that season, they never explain how it happened. In fact, there are a lot of shows does not explain, but I assumed that it must have been to leave it to us and give it some kind of secret. By Sabrina and her friends moved into the house, they show marries Hilda and all spell that ends Zelda turns into a baby. Hilda returns in the last episode (and Zelda are in some form or another, but the bets entirely on the episode), but they do not show the husband Zelda or what happened, how they had children? Maybe they do not want too much going on in one episode. I also loved his sister Hart, who played her spoiled cousin! She was beautiful and a great actress, and it was interesting to see how it has grown! I think a gun, it was six years since the show went to air! I still love reruns! Also, I do not know if anyone noticed, but in the earlier episodes, the city was named Westbridbe (and folded town I think it had to be close to Salem), but in later episodes, they do not mention the name city ​​being caled Westbridge, and I think they call it Boston, if it's not only where she worked. In addition, I would like to add, I found the episode, «Wild Wild Sabrina," where she outlines the importance of the rules to be offensive. She was 18 and too old to be grounded; I would be offended when my parents grounded me in 18 years and I think that while the 18-year-old power of confused, as it did, they should examine the implications of their own. I think that they know the rules are very important in 18 years.
