I've got this film on DVD and must be watched for its thirty right now. I must really like him, do not you? Well, not quite. <br /> <br /> I was a surfer before in my life, and I loved the sport. On this day, I am fascinated by a good surfing. Riding Giants have a lot of that, so I'm a sucker for things. But I certainly have some bones to pick with him. (Peralta, are you listening?). <br /> <br /> First of all, the film is too little faith in its subject. Cutting and editing waves is that most of them are kind of spoiled. Very, very few waves actually show covered from start to finish. Peralta, seems addicted to hyper-kinetic, cutting method and pace. This is particularly bad in the middle of the spot on the Mavericks in Northern California. Neither wave ridden start to finish. Almost the entire section on the Mavericks (one third of the film) is a dramatic installation clips with the same uneven soundtrack. I can understand the effect Peralta tried to achieve with the Mavericks, as this place is really a frightening mixture of waves crushing the bones in the cold outdoors to crush the ocean, but it goes too far. Mavericks is not just bad acid trip. Waves actually go, even with large overhangs. It would be nice to see some of them. If Peralta believes that this is a great sport (and I'm sure he does), why does he insist on messing with the subject of so much? From time to time, it reduces editing the movie on the incomprehensible. There is a rapid clip in Peahi section in Hawaii, I still can not understand. Even when I run it on slow motion on the DVD, the image is too fast to be deciphered. There must be a few frames in length to max. <br /> <br /> Secondly, there are the guys who did this thing ever heard of an understatement? Particularly egregious look version of the DVD Narrated by directors. These guys sound like two over-the-top girls of the valley. The same feeling appears in the main proceedings. Every thing is always so damn "strange", etc. One of the characters, in particular, is simply an insult - Sam George, editor of Surfer, which practically peeing in his pants every time he has to say. He is a super drag on the film. <br /> <br /> There is a huge amount of effort that went into this film. I mean, just to get old footage of films that they have, and all interviews. The film is a great story, and I think it's usually exciting entertainment. Thematically it is well thought out, three-piece centered around a Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton respectively. There are some uses still photos, which is phenomenal. In the story of the directors, they say it is a new type of 3D technology, and it really works. The three main characters shine in his interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is opening. He climbs to the top of their sport in a way that I've ever seen Michael Jordan do in basketball. And, too, the story of his meeting with his father, is a gem. It really touched me. <br /> <br /> It's just that the film could have been so much more. The most recent part of the film, when the titles, gives a hint of what it might be. There are some great panoramic pictures of waves with great sound. (The soundtrack of the film in the rest of the garbage, but you may like it if you're a fan of modern, obsessed with the school of rock.) In any case, there is two cents ...
