Riding Giants is a brilliant documentary that dives deep into the world of one of the most underrated sports and brings to the surface a very human and raw emotions that could capture only the director Stacy Peralta. Everything from the structure to the players, to the amazing footage to align the style in which it was filmed only enhanced the beauty and power behind the sport of surfing. Of all the surf movies that I've seen (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey and Step Into Liquid) it was the most consistent and relevant. From an early age surfing (short history lesson), which last all the way to the infamous trip Laird, Riding Giants is going on in the mind, the heart and soul of the sport than any of these documentaries. How to do it? Giving us the whole story, from beginning to end, without fictionalizing or jig jagging from wave to wave. <br /> <br /> In order to start this film it was structurally sound. The other films that I've seen on the surf, sometimes you find yourself jumping from the new man for the new man, wave to wave event to event, without any knowledge of why or what? The ride giants, we have a very small cast of veterans and newcomers. This allows you to accurately go deeper into the consciousness of each of them. In addition, instead of just riding the wave, we passed more history and more personal understanding of the world than ever before. That's what really attracted me to this film. I was amazed that instead of to show all these big waves (because it's a big wave cinema), we hear stories and see firsthand that these surfers had to overcome to get to these waves. I loved the information about the "beach bums" or surfing father. I'm still surprised by strange stories about Gregli Noll and his early adventures in harsh dark blue color. Then, to see it in person, talking about what's going on in his head, only added fuel to the fire. Simple structure that Peralta followed allowed me to follow and walk away with a great knowledge of the sport than any of the previous films. Peralta showing so much emotion and passion that you can not help but be surprised by the fact that these brave people have done, and where the sport is. <br /> <br /> Add to perfect the structure of some intense and creative cinematography, and you darn near perfect film. Using techniques that I last saw in The Kid stays in the picture, the Giants Riding creates some scenes almost feel as if they are jumping out of the screen. While it's not 3D, this tool is that the flat dimensional feeling that you get when you put two pictures on each other. In this film, it worked. He created more depth to the scene, and actually added not only to shock (people, these waves were huge) values, but also a danger that these guys are constantly faced. If it broke down in a different way, they maneuvered so that these waves will kill them. Some really dead, but that did not stop the sport. He only created more excitement and more passion to do better. It is this love for the ocean and the sport that brings me to my final point. <br /> <br /> human factor. So many of my previous adventures in the world of surfing documentaries left me with beautiful waves, but very little about people. Movies know that people are looking at the waves, so it will mostly come from wave to wave to wave and possibly a short second of a man. This film was just the opposite. Peralta has created this masterpiece still give us a wave, but it pays much more attention to the surfers and the immortal question of why they do it every day. That rushes through their minds that pushes them to go further, and bonds, which are formed when there are in the wild blue yonder. I felt that after watching this film, I not only knew about the big surfing waves, but also about the emotional side of the sport. It was the element is not so developed in other films and pushed the Giants ride a new personal level. <br /> <br /> In general, this movie was great. Never have I seen so much passion, devotion and love, wrapped in a structurally sound film. From start to finish, I was amazed. I would be very happy if this film won an Oscar this year for best documentary, and see a new rebirth in the world of surfing and to open more doors for this kind of movie <br /> <br /> Grade: ***. ** to *****
