The name of the sequence shows the credits written on wet pavement as people step on it; Music is provided by Alfred Newman who whistles "Street Scene". Then we meet Det. Sergeant Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews), who always wanted to be something it was not the old man: man on the right side of the law. But it's pretty vicious for a nice guy. After several complaints over his roughing people up, his boss, INSp. Nicholas Foley (Robert F. Simon), lowers it. Foley tells him that he is a good man, but you need to get his head on straight and be more Det. Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden), who had just received a promotion. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill, in great slimy version) has an invalid dice game going and looking to make a suction cup from a rich Ted Morrison (Harry Von Zell), who was brought in Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his beautiful wife, Morgan (Gene Tierney). She finds out too late, her husband uses her as bait, and Payne hits her when she refuses to play along. Morrison chivalrous interfere, but Payne knocks him out cold. It seems that the worst thing, but then it turns out that the guy died, and from Paine looks guilty. <br /> <br /> But this is not the story of Payne. Dixon soon fell in love with Morgan ??, but not before losing his composure again and commits a terrible thing, that he is trying to hide. Morgan's father, story-spinning taxi driver (Tom Tully), can be answerable for it. It's up to Dixon, to try to pin the blame on Scalise. <br /> <br /> Preminger directs a script Enrollment Ben Hecht and three others from the novel "Night Cry» William L. Stewart. This is a solid film noir with excellent performance, and all the dark and murky morality photographs we expect from this genre. He does not hold up to a brightly lit ending, which looks like something filmed studio to appease the censor. Of course, the classic film noir directed by Preminger and starring Andrews and Tierney is "Laura". You will enjoy it, but you can not miss it.
