"Where the pavement ends (1950)" opens, respectively, Dana Andrews 'and Gene Tierneys' names inscribed on the pavement, and dirty water flows between the bars of the lattice sewer. The pavement is respectable, integrity and morality ?? Only rogues and offenders go into the ditch. But even the most noble of men tends to uncertainty about, and if the pavement suddenly comes to an end, sometimes it is impossible to avoid his wet shoes. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in a ditch, his father is a professional criminal, and has spent his entire life clawing its way back to the sidewalk, constantly teetering on the edge of the pavement. As a police detective, Dixon wants nothing more than to show integrity and honesty, that his father is missing, but it has a medium-vein, he can not escape. If his temper leaves a murder suspect dead, Dixon finds himself becoming very father, whom he despised, cheap criminal who will deceive and lie in order to hide their crime. <br /> <br /> «Where Sidewalk Ends" was the only film to reunite Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and directed by Preminger, an amazing "Laura (1944)," although the two films noir as is, can not be away from each other. At the time, this film is more traditional as rough urban police drama. Taking into account its excellent memorable performance as Laura Hunt, it is a pity as the previous situation was strong intimacy murder tale cottage that here Tierney roughly underloaded, occupying a rather helpless romantic or typical niche kavasts {much as it did in the same year in Jules Dassin's "Night and the City (1950)»}. Andrews, on the other hand, is rarely better, demonstrating the strength and frustrated anger that I did not expect from him. Gary Merrill suitably smug as a crime boss Scalise, but it does not seem quite average for this role, and I think that the actor Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown in «The Big Combo (1955)") would have better suited the character; I did not understand, that is, but Conte appeared only one year ago in Preminger in "Whirlpool (1949). <br /> <br /> The tension of both Dixon tries to cover up his accidental crime, absolutely riveting ?? Of course, among the most intense sequences of his era ?? although I feel that the situation has not yet been used to the full. The taxi driver is the only person who could strongly identified Dixon as a criminal, but Preminzher quickly slides through the moment when it passes Dixon stairs. If a witness has been brought in as Dixon was once again reproducing their movements outside the entrance to the apartment, we could have some real fireworks. And why, for that matter, could not testify taxi driver immediately released Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) on suspicion of murder? Trifling inconsistencies such as these pales otherwise great script by Ben Hecht, who fills his gritty underworld with impartial police and wise cracking criminals. Andrews boiling and implosive law enforcer, who suffered the anger and remorse, rarely been done better, at least equal to Robert Ryan Nicholas Ray "On dangerous ground (1952).
