New York police detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons on a daily basis, at the same time, how to deal with the normal ups and downs of everyday life. Strain the production of its internal struggles and his deep hatred of criminals, leading him to make major errors of judgment and does not recognize the need for any code of conduct to be observed in their relations with people on the other side of the law, he has experience in the treatment of suspected and known criminals with coarse brutality, and this brought him into conflict with his superiors, that all those who condemn it in the amount of violence it is used regularly. Dixon can not agree on these calls for restraint from his extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal, and he was left with a strong need to live down the reputation of his father, and to avoid the execution of low expectations that many people have of him as a consequence. <br /> <br /> If a rich Texan killed following gambling evening Ran gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned to the case. Scalise said Dixon senior officer Detective Lt. Thomas (Karl Malden), the victim was accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney), and that Payne committed murder. Dixon goes into the apartment and questions Payne suspected, which is both drunk and uncooperative, and when it breaks Payne, Dixon revenge and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon continues to dispose of the body in a nearby river. Peene wife is being questioned, and after describing what happened on the ground Scalise, in adding that her father went to Payne's apartment later that night to take the matter to him that she returned home with a bruised face. Paine previously assaulted her on several occasions and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), threatened that if it happened again, he would beat up Paine. This information leads to Taylor to be arrested and charged with murder. No one accepts the explanation Dixon that killed Scalise Texas and then was killed Paine, to eliminate him as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon continues to make various attempts to get Scalise convicted, but eventually realizes that the only way to successfully achieve his goal is to write a confession about his own role in causing the death of Payne and. He does it, and notes that he is going to stand alone against Scalise so that the police can arrest the gunman for killing Dixon. Confrontation with Scalise and possible means by which Dixon is seeking his own redemption, and ensure tight fitting to conclude this rough thriller. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews strained and concerned expressions convey constantly restless nature of his character and his anxiety when he is dealing with a series of misfortunes, which include and follow the accidental death of Payne. Dixon, however, not the only one to experience unhappiness, Morgan, a successful model loses his job because of all the trouble surrounding it. Her father, who a few years ago was awarded a diploma for the assistance of police, without any reason manifests itself accused of a crime he did not commit. Ken Payne, who'd been the hero of the war experienced unemployment and loss of self-esteem, which led to alcoholism and wife beating and Scalise, which would have been created in the business Dixon's father also suffers from its own misfortunes. <br /> <br /> "Where the sidewalk ends" is thoroughly part story involving a group of interesting and diverse characters and the main character, which is the absolute epitome of moral ambiguity.
