The charm of the grand, visionary Preminger noir is that it is ambiguous intentions, change the gloomy essence of the protagonist, who is still annoying, living in the shadow of his father's crime. drive, the vengeful cop Dan Andrews is shown as an outsider, an irrational and destructive, which may can change, because he may have found a good woman to look after him. Restless man frees himself from his own confusing impression right. Disappointing mood permanently closed in the second half of the story screenwriter Ben Hecht echoes in the intense performance of Andrews as Preminzher saturates the film in relevance prosaic matter of style. We not only see and hear the city at night; we believe this is because Preminzher allows us to see and hear even the most peripheral and outlying its factors. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews gives the complexity of unfolding through his veins of violence and hatred, which is always a parasite it. As the story progresses, he secretly entangled in the situational forces, but it is updated on external acts, which can be seen in the visceral facial expressions Vintage Noir protagonist before he executes them. <br /> <br /> This is a reflection of a particular stage in the development of the genre is a fascinating, wild and shadowy noir film, which is set to double-dealing underworld climate, where the hero is so alienated that he always swelling with rage and spite that it loses its resistance to rational, professional principle, and ethical boundaries, it is still a good cop. Preminzher only winks tells socio-drama about a damaged conscience of society in a sprawling urban landscape, and keep riding on the shoulders of a thriller Andrews as an existential way of the personal ramifications of the person with fixing Oedipus, who becomes disabled although with constantly -shrinking impact of the law on his side, and immortal perception of right and wrong. <br /> <br /> production of the company in the early 1950s in the picture pussed socially problematic, but rather "a low-budget, low-risk thrillers" such as this, apparently in an attempt to get away from conniptions conservative critics and social busybodies. But there is no expressionistic factness with an inimitable approach to Preminger. He injects each scene with a sense of everyday drama as a backdrop for the story. Each supporting character must pull their own weight, making something interesting, but none of them are animated or pressed comic relief. According to him, each character thinks they are the stars, according to the direct due to shoulder affirmation of Karl Malden as a missionary, a police inspector and a veteran waitress in a diner. It is those who are the stars --- Andrews and Gene Tierney and tormented their futile attempts to subdue their emotional intensity --- who do not want to be.
