I'm a big fan of film noir fan, and this film by Otto Preminger easily stands as one of the best I've ever seen! Preminzher reunited two of its stars from the hit "Laura" - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, for a very different kind of crime film. Laura was based on love, and this film is based on hatred; like watching a police detective Mark Dixon, copper already suffering attention from his superiors for his heavy hand tactics, accidentally kill the suspect and try to pin the murder on known criminals; a man named Tommy Scalisi. The plot worked brilliantly and perfectly balances Preminzher several plot; but it all comes back down to the main moral sense surrounding our protagonist. The fact that the film is set in the underworld gangs means that the story provides an excellent basis for further work, and director Otto Preminzher skillfully captures sleazier side of life, showing the protagonist gambling, knocking one friend (and woman), shooting and much more - it also helps to compensate for the earlier film "Laura" who was very set in the upper class of society <br /> <br /> role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews is one of the most. interesting of his career. Here, we have a character that is hard to like the way he's so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives, ensures that it is easy to sympathize with, and which allows viewers to connect it to the plight. Character development is timely, and we should be this character and his motivation throughout the film; all makes sense to the end. His co-star is the beautiful Gene Tierney, who is not given much to do in this movie, it was Laura; the film that made her a check Tierney. She does well with what it has, however, and the chemistry of the lead duo is an excellent and Tierney helps complete every scene she is in, I can not say that this is the best film than before Laura. It is unattainable, but this film will definitely fit into the film noir formula better than before in the film Preminger. The film also makes good comparison piece for Laura; as just about all that it is opposed to the film 1944 film, but it is strangely familiar. Highly I recommend to all!
