At first glance, it would seem natural to compare the Sidewalk Ends Where to Loro. Both have noirish quality as were sent Preminger, and as the star Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But this is where most of the comparisons end. Laura is considered smart, sophisticated people with money who just happen to find themselves entangled in murder. Where the pavement ends is set in a completely different layers. These people with barely two nickels to rub together, who are more accustomed to seeing the underbelly of society, than to go costume parties. Where the sidewalk ends is filled with gritty film of desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or any other weapons. Small drawing a dime a dozen, and police routinely beat recognition crooks. Getting caught in a murder investigation, it seems, is as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> While I did not see his entire body of work, based on what I've seen, Dana Andrews gives one of his best performances as a police beat down, Det. Sergeant Mark Dixon. He's kind of a policeman who used to roughing up the local hoods, when he gets his information or a confession. One night, he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. He does everything possible to hide it. But everything is complicated when he falls in love with the wife of the deceased, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes the number one suspect in a murder case. As the father of the Morgan means the world to her, Dixon must do what it can to clear the old man, without involving yourself. <br /> <br /> Technically, Where the Sidewalk Ends are outstanding. In addition to the excellent performance of Andrews, the film shows the always wonderful Tierney. It has a quality that can make even the most severe moments seem brighter. The rest of the cast as well as a rigid body with Tom Tully as wrongly accused father was truly excellent. For actions, direction, sets, lighting and cinematography all top-notch. In general, it is remarkably well made film. <br /> <br /> If I have one complaint (and admittedly, this is a very, very minor quibble) is that Tierney is almost too perfect for the role and its surroundings. It's a little hard to believe that a woman as it may find itself mixed with some of these shady characters. It really was not her fault, it's just a way to Tierney catches. It seems a little too pretty, polished, and tender for a part. But her gentle, kind, trusting nature feels the need to add realism with her image.
