In cases where Ends pavement Preminger reunited Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, of course, hoping to recapture the magic of his Laura. But they are wildly diverse films set in different strata of New York City (not to mention at opposite poles noir universe). Gothic fine mist hovering over Laura's upscale Manhattan with erotic obsession and easy morning necrophilia; Where the sidewalk ends purely urban grime and grit befouling city of basement apartments, steam rooms and garages. <br /> <br /> But it did not as good a film as a precursor to his prized and dyed-in -wool noir (ENT, on the contrary, one of the clutches of films from 1944, which the French dubbed the first 'film noir, "all even very complex murder mystery). The transition comes only a very temporary acquiescence, and director of photography LaShell makes most of the oil and brownstones, docks and Al. It is the quintessential big city - especially Big Apple - noir, as well as several others from the bumper crop in 1950, as a side-street and the sleeping city and Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Destiny <br /> <br /> As the film opens. , Police detective Dana Andrews on the carpet for his brutal methods, in particular, its position in relation to the crime boss Gary Merrill (which we know was created in the business slacker parents Andrews). If the visitor is stabbed to death in the crap game floating controlled by Merrill, hair-trigger Andrews draft to the witness, causing him fatal crack in the skull (Compounding steel plate installed in the veteran head) Realizing that his work is on the line, Andrews clears corpse in the river after making it look like a suspect powder was taken. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is far from the end for him. The corpse discovered that his ex-wife is Tierney, and all the evidence begins to turn to his father (Tom Tully), the driver of a hack that was not only been cruising the same average street in the night of the murder, but have enough reason to want his abusive son in-law dead. But embittered loner Andrews finds Tierney appeal to his better nature; he tries to justify his father, still holding his own participation in the whole dirty business secret .... <br /> <br /> Not so epigrammatic like ENT, the scenario for which pavement Ends (Ben Hecht) shows the acuteness of their own (in second dressing down his boss says Andrews, `Look at yourself - all clogged up like barrelhouse fagot") <br /> <br /> But while Laura distributes its attention more than a half dozen characters are all Andrews. but a single focus (even Tierney role is far less important than her half-spectral Laura). And ndrus can never exceed his performance here. It is secretive and silent, but not more eloquent than when his face silently registration melancholy to which his own stubbornness brought it. He's unhappy martyr who can find liberation only through a vent violence (he even pounces on his faithful partner, Bert Freed). in order to be sure that it is too fast road to redemption, though the agency of his finest roles. But it was the style of the time, and sweetened up the ending does little to blow the story in New York, violence, corruption and urban barriers.
