We are far from LAURA. Preminger directs again, Dana Andrews stars as a police detective named Marco, and Gene Tierney is a beautiful woman who has it, but nothing else about where the pavement ended resembles favorite complex mystery of each murder. Instead perfectly Quotable dialogue we get gritty, harrowing realism. While the earlier film was held in the luxurious upper echelons of New York society, here we are in the low-rent district of the dark street, bullies, inexpensive restaurants and squalid apartments. Tierney, gorgeous as always, is currently working as a department store mannequin and lives in Washington Heights (neighborhood "doll", who once got a fox with Laura Mark McPherson). At this time, Andrews, Mark Dixon, the older, more sad, more hectic version of the cool cop in the raincoat. <br /> <br /> WHERE pavement ended belongs to a sub-genre of film noir, movies about police brutality, with an emphasis on the police, who can not control their violent impulses. Kirk Douglas as a character in a detective story, Dixon obliged his seething disdain crooks to the criminal past of his father. Where Douglas arrogant and blind eye to its own shortcomings, Andrews difficult suppressed guilt and self-loathing. He accidentally kills a suspect and covers his actions in an attempt to throw suspicion on the slippery gangster (Gary Merrill), which he spends in vain for many years. Instead, please, the taxi driver is suspected, because he killed his father alienated and mistreated his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney). Dixon, fall in love with the wife of the man he killed, he is desperately trying to save her father, not to give himself. <br /> <br /> Among noir protagonists, Dana Andrews was such a difference: it can not be unreasonable. Even when playing an average Joe, as he usually did, he always comes across as extraordinarily sensitive and perceptive; moreover, its air is too thoughtful for his own comfort, give him the ghosts - and haunting - a quality that was its essence as an actor. He played just the guys, policemen and soldiers, but always with a tragic undercurrent see and know too much. His conscientious heroes marked by exhaustion, guilt, inability to ever "shine". No other actor could not have expressed so well bottled up anger, slow burning pain, the agony of intelligence Mark Dixon. It also has a muted tenderness, warmth and dimmed even Kryvau humor that makes him mute. This happens when he takes Morgan to a restaurant where he regularly, and the first time we see these cold, hard man trade imitated icons with a waitress whose sarcasm can not hide their love and care about him. When Dixon asks his partner for the money to get a lawyer Morgan's father, he provides it, even if they have recently argued and Dixon threw a punch at him. There's no word on the truth or knowing that he is a good guy deep down, but we can see it all in person excruciating silence and obedience to his wife as she delivers some value lay. Dixon goodness comes through the reaction of other people to it as well as through a deeply moving performance of Andrews. <br /> <br /> While Dana Andrews was a small star, it could be the quintessential forties people. It goes through several films hardly ever taking off his coat; with the silhouette of the square, in the middle of the century, further strengthened felt hat, a glass of bourbon, he does not take out a cigarette from his mouth when he says that he is looking at the men's prison in the ideal strength and dispassion. While many Noirs romanticize two fists tough guy where EndS pavement offers uncompromising portrait of the reality behind the facade, gripping and melancholy study of the roots and consequences of violence. <br /> <br /> Andrews unfortunately unappreciated in his time (he was the only one of the three main characters in the best years of our lives are not nominated for an Oscar, but his low-key performance is much more attractive than Hammy Frederick March, the Oscar-winning drunk). Fortunately, Andrews appeared in some films that secured his immortality, and now, finally, this little-known film, which contains his best performance can be seen as part of a bewildering array of Fox Film Noir. This series, including a number of never before released (for example, Nightmare Alley, and Thieves' Highway), says that in the Twentieth Century Fox may have had the best record of all the major studios when it came to the film noir.
