Cukor directs this story of high quality unknown in the theater world with his usual delicate but firm touch. Ronald Colman's performance, which earned him an Oscar, still stands, despite a few moments overloaded ?? it is hard to forget his haunted face as he walks aimlessly around social functions and trying to find meaning in their lives. There are a number of interesting subtexts and Cukor does an excellent job of making clear, without making too much of anything. The scenario of Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant, mixing sparse theatrical world with a loose streets of the world and comprehensively using elements from Shakespeare's "King Lear" as a reference to both the main theme of jealousy and obsession with film hero Solman with unity. <br /> <br /> A few interesting things about this movie ?? Externally, it can be rejected as being too careless in treating everyday problems of actors. In other words, when the art of action is required such complete sublimation of individuality we soon rash psycho method actors pursuing the street. But I do not think that is really the main task of this story works or work / art works in themselves. I think that the fight against Anthony is a broader existential question, buried deep uncertainty about the identity. There is the key, I feel, in his relationship with his ex-wife Britt (Jose). He says that he never would, or could have become a good actor without inspiration. And in another place he openly declares that his extreme identification with his role began when he married her. I'm not sure what to make of this, but I think it is important, especially because of his obsession with her and her jealousy, which ultimately pushes him up. Perhaps it is meant that Anthony put himself in danger in the first place, entering into a serious relationship. Marriage is a "union of the soul" in the traditional sense. It is extraordinary that the male and female protagonists divorced at the beginning of the film. It's not exactly unprecedented (Hawk comedy "His Girl Friday" comes to mind, among others), but it is unusual and probably significant, especially in light of the fact that they do not end up resolution of their Romantic section. In a sense, the film may be bearing in mind that jealousy is another form of self-love.
