Ronald Colman plays the famous Broadway actor who began to lose his mind and sense of identity. After years of playing a wide range of parts, he can not remember who he really - who his role and who I am. And, much more serious, he begins to see and hear him play, even in ordinary daily life. Thus, since it currently plays in "Othello", he begins to act jealous and suspicious - the same as the title character. Ultimately, this leads him into the depths of madness and murder. <br /> <br /> I've seen this movie years ago and liked it. I just saw it again and loved it. Now, maybe some of my enthusiasm, because I always loved Ronald Colman, and this is a great victory for him - and for which he received an Oscar for Best Actor. And, looking at the competition this year (Gregory Peck for a gentleman's agreement, John Garfield for body and soul, William Powell for life with his father and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING become electro), I think Coleman was a very good choice, as it extends from. his usual comfort zone and made much more demanding role <br /> <br /> Now I noticed that one reviewer hated the film because they hated Shakespeare - and it took about half of their examination shows his dislike for him . However, this film is not really about Shakespeare, and it does not matter if you do not like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but marveled at the small portions of the game that Coleman played - although, as I said, it's not really a movie about Shakespeare. Instead, it is an excellent portrait of the actor lost his mind and mixing his stage role with reality. This might be a backlash, although the "Othello" was an excellent choice because of the murder scenes - that gets played for real later in the film <br /> <br /> In general, a very smart movie for. great script - with some hints of Film Noir. Fortunately, the effect was stunning as well as Coleman had excellent support from Jose, Shelley Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was especially good - he played a role just right). And, taking into account the large Cukor rules, it is not surprising that this is a great movie from start to finish.
