Double Life has developed a mystique among moviegoers for two reasons: the idea of ​​the story of the actor to get so wrapped up in a role (here Othello) to pick up the big disadvantage of this character and put it into practice; and that it is a film that won an Oscar Ronald Colman (as well as a Golden Globe) for best actor. Let's take the second point first. <br /> <br /> It is the most important role of Anthony John Solman, or even his signature role? I have doubts on any level - but it is one of his most famous roles. Most of his career, Ronald Colman played decent gentlemen, often in dangerous or unusual situations. He Bulldog Drummond (removed in the Goldwyn production can not be arrogant racist) crime prevention. He is the Raffles, a great cricketer and even more burglar trying to steal his best burglary, to preserve the honor of his friend. He is Robert Conway, a large imperial politician who was kidnapped and taken to this paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He Dick Heldar, boldly going to his death after he learns that his masterpiece was destroyed, and knowing that he is now blind and useless, as an artist. I can add the Sydney Carton and Rudolf Rassendilla in this list. But here it is not heroic. In fact, he unconsciously criminal - he kills one person and almost kills the other two. It does not matter that he's obviously mentally ill - his behavior is antisocial <br /> <br /> For me, Coleman was to receive an Oscar for Heldar or box, or Conway -. More and more characteristic of his action roles. But the Academy has a long tradition of collection of unusual roles for the award of the treasure it is a member. Coleman Anthony John is very good imagination, and at some point, really scary. If one-on-one with Jose at her home, she was at the top of the stairs and at the bottom, they have an argument. It requires that "Tony" to leave, saying that she did not see him. He looks at her, his face hardening strange in a way he had never used before, and he says: "Oh, no you will not!" He begins to move up the ladder, frightening Jose, and she flees to her room. He stops himself and goes away. It really is the real highlight of his work - even more than his attack on Hasa on the stage, or Edmond O'Brien, or his murder Shelley Winters. He showed his blind rage. At that time it was (me) Oscar-worthy performance. But it is only at that time. I am glad that he was recognized for his role, but he was to receive an award for more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> His real performance in Shakespeare's Othello is not great, but bearable. Too often, it allows the dialog language in the form of rolls of forced singing style (ask when it was connected with the coaching Walter Hampden, who probably knew how to handle the role properly, or the reaction to it). Currently, the "Othello" plays an African-American actor more likely than white. brilliant performance in the role of Paul Robeson establish this new tradition is firmly in place. But the three most famous movies of the performances belonging Coleman, Orson Welles in his film Othello, and Laurence Olivier in a film of his production of Othello game. All three white actors did a role in black face. My personal favorite of the three Wells, who seems to be the thinnest. But even look thin film version of HG Wells makes me angry that Robson would never put their work (with Jose Ferrer as His) on the film <br /> <br /> Now the first question. - can get an actor who is wrapped in the role? I've heard different things about it. Some actors have admitted taking part with them home from the theater or a movie set. Others have found the role that they should be challenging, influencing them to a new cause of action with respect to their life or some aspect of life. But in fact, I've never heard of those who made a death as a result of the role. It seems melodramatic, shot down the idea. <br /> <br /> In fact, this is not a new idea in 1947 with Cukor Konin and Gordon. In 1944, the «B» feature Brighton Strangler, starring John Loder, used a similar story about the actor who plays the infamous "Jack the Ripper" type, and which begins to make the kind of killings after the accident affects his mind, was an early movie 1930, in which the actor playing Othello is jealous of his wife (I think that was the name of a man does not gods, but I'm not sure). But because of the name and career Solman and Cukor directing this double life that people think about when they recall the story idea. He even hit comedy (in the end) in the Cheers episode where Diane Chambers helps ex-prisoner, who may be acting talent, and they put on Othello in a bar, just after he sees her kiss with Sam Malone. Only Diana aware of the problem of the individual ex-convict, and can not hold up production for a long time (it is trying to start a debate in the history and symbolism of the play). <br /> <br /> The Double Life of stock was first rate and direction Cukor was so confident as ever. Thus, the film is definitely worth seeing. But, despite the failure of Coleman in another interesting role, it was not his best work on the screen.
