Like others, I have seen and studied most of the books and films relating to the Clutter murders, including several dramatic works thematically based activities and psycho-mythology of the crime - including the hood itself. As for Capote, I can not forgive him for an intentional concealment of Perry Smith's confession, intimacy and even the writings of the defenders. I believe that truth and facts Hood "reserved" for their "books" that required for the hood of two convictions and death sentence almost certainly stood successfully for the faint of Perry Smith, even under the old rules McNaughton. Capote himself could never write another great literary work after the «In Cold Blood». Shame and guilt. In my opinion, he was willing to encourage and ill-planned capital punishment, to provide an exciting ending he needed for his book / drama. According to him, the two men had to die for their book to succeed. The book was to justify himself, pretending that this is about the horror of the death penalty. His actions and silence assured that icy conclusion. <br /> <br /> The Book of the hood is not true. This is not an actual or journalism. It is a drama and melodrama filled with his creative imagination psychotic. What most people consider the dignity of both the first film is bright images crazy hood, which may have been the most discreet aspect of all. Not surprisingly, the audience ironically, but always prefer the performance of Blake. This actor nightmare from unscrupulous dreams hood. <br /> <br /> So who is to say how the two murderers should play? Who will be the judge, I could have done essentially poetic psychotic grip from excessive courtesy and kindness to "do it now" killing? I agree with the few who sees the work of Eric Roberts' excellent performance, Shakespeare in the range, but played with heartbreaking sincerity. Anthony Edwards takes a much safer mode of "relation" to create insinuating Hickok; but it is one-dimensional and boring, just a few notes in his television reception. Roberts nearly four-dimensional by adding physical weakness and agony to the powerful body of the animal, creature Frankenstein, who thinks that poetry and knows exactly what to do. As Leopold Loeb BTW, Robert Perry Smith hopelessly in love with an evil man. Without Hickok or person of its features, Perry Smith would not have brought him psychotic consciousness in the horror world. He is afraid of himself more than he fears anything else in life. <br /> <br /> Given the freedom from the stranglehold of the hood on the consciousness disorders murder, Roberts and Edwards are free to create the original personality and psychoses crafts and other new production of the drama. Those are the facts, some of the same lines of history, but a deeper, more complex, with a clearly psychotic Herculean effort - in fact, Roberts is so good in this jet madness that he is physically and vestibular shows at any time how little he understands about where and who he is. <br /> <br /> what many of our reviewers do not like about this film, Roberts, in particular, it is that restrained the murder does not show how they expect and demand manipulated. This is because here we see much more deeply realistic "interpretation of life and death" than Capote could ever create. - a real tragedy <br /> <br /> This cold-blooded killer, Mr. Capote, and his hypocritical art "non-fiction novel" does not control the interpretation and presentation <br /> <br /> If the «In Cold Blood» and. the effect of the hood on life, literature, and the truth is important as well as the scientists say, it takes guts, talent and reflect the truth, or a version of the truth, that is not rank, cowardly lie made up of fathoms own abyss hood.
