I'm from Sweden, and I just saw this movie, and the fact that I thought it was good. I've seen a lot of bad comments about it, but you must remember that a lot of people who watch these two parts miniseries located around the world, not just in the United States. Also, remember that not all have ever heard about the film, made in the 60's: and perhaps not in the events (the murder). And yet ... it can be hard to find the original film, and if so, there will always be people around who do not like the black / white movies. This one feels fresh and in color, and the public to find it. His 12 years now, but I just saw it for the first time. I will try to find the first, when I compare them, but I have not seen him anywhere in Sweden. Ofcorse have internet access, but not for those who are in the world. The fact that it is basically a part of American history and the crime was a big 50-60: x in the US only, but also in the rest of the world is just passing by, I think. Well, it has been said for some time, but after 40 years, it will disappear, for example, at the time of the reasons for Europa passes. We had our own problems and crime, so that if someone is going to do a remake of the movie and put it back into some light again it's not a bad idea at all. The new generation can take part in this terrible story, and even a film about Capote, which was released just a few years ago, witch was a pretty good movie and I think. This will increase interest in the events that took place about 50 years ago, and possibly stop it falling in a dream. He started me and now I'm looking for Robert Blake's version, so it was not that bad ... right? This is my opinion. Some people, of course, do not agree, but hey ... it is good. Sometimes there will be good with remakes of the old movies. It's not every time the old that good. shooting techniques and have developed a lot of scenes, can be made more realistic if they want today. It's always a question of money, of course. There have been so many films that were made in the "good old days", but there were no money, bad directors, etc., and they are remaking them today (50 years later), and suddenly they look good. My friend got this box of old classic horror movies and S / F and I can not say that I was impressed by the so-called good old days. Most of them you will put in the cold box directly. They were so bad that we just sat there like a zombie ... ... I could not move as the death of the brain. I can not recommend them to anyone. Some of them I have seen remakes and I remember loving them ... but not the original. They were just terribly hurt. It's like the old story about who was the best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think that if you see Roger Moore first you may find it a trust or how ... Thank you for me, and I I am sorry for my english, it's not so good. / Lars from Sweden
