I found this family film to be enjoyable and fun, even if I'm not a child. It is based on the concept of high school, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) show that the elevator in her upper building class apartment becomes a time machine, when the key on the key ring she received from the blind scholar turned in the lock the elevator, she learned how to operate the machine (with some uncertainty about time of day). <br /> <br /> The film is not a work of serious science fiction. You have to ignore the usual instability paradox associated with the change of the past through a journey in time, that is, the past is changed to prevent Walker family in 1881 are poor, but the change means that the family never got into financial trouble because that Victoria would not tell Susan about the financial problems of her mother, which means that Susan should not have a reason to change the past in the first place! But other than that, there are some nice things in history, such as the old elevator panel, found in the apartment of a woman who secretly invented and installed in a time machine, with no room for the castle, which activates the time machine, as in many stories for children, we must also assume that the child will not be sharing the amazing information about the device during travel with a parent or other adult, but instead hide the traveler at the time. <br /> <br /> It also requires neglecting some poorly staged scenes and uninspired performances by some adult actors. (The child actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabriel Bonnie and Matthew Harbor) were all very convincing in their parts.) In one scene in the 1300s, Native Americans noticed Susan observing and photographing them. But they do not register surprise, the sudden appearance of this blonde, white-skinned girl in a kind of clothing. Their answer is simply to stop what they are doing and go quietly in relation to Susan. In the same scene, the mother is Indian, which should be a child, but it is so obvious, the doll (her white skin and her head flops around). <br /> <br /> Busfield, award-winning actor, who originally came to fame in the old TV "thirty-something" gives some uninteresting, sometimes sluggish, performance. At the other extreme, Michel Perron ham is the Italian caretaker (janitor), as does Richard Zhutras in his role as a curious neighbor. (Name of a neighbor Edward Ormondroyd that the film of the novel is based on the author's name). I suspect that these problems can be the fault either the director or the lowest possible budget. <br /> <br /> Despite these shortcomings, I recommend the film for children. In addition to the interesting history, it also has some educational value, in that it indicates how and technology and social norms have changed little over 100 years.
