Richard Chamberlain, David Burton, a tax lawyer, who lives in Sydney, Australia, which is drawn into the murder of protecting the five Aboriginal men accused of murdering fellow native to the apocalyptic thriller 1977 Peter Weir's The Last Wave. Taking up where Picnic in Hanging Rock finished, the film is to explore more deeply the unknown, and in the process, shows the gap between the two cultures that live side-by-Boke, but lacks understanding of each other's cultures and traditions. Weir shows how white society considers native beliefs of primitive prejudice and considers that, as they live in cities and have been "domesticated", their tribal laws and culture no longer applies. <br /> <br /> From the outset, the Burton drawn deeper and deeper into a web of strange visions and symbols, where the line between real time and "time of dreams" evaporates. Water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening sequence, in which a sudden thunder and hail interrupt peaceful recess school to open Burton that his bathtub overflows and the water pours his footsteps. As harsh and unusual weather conditions continue with episodes of black rain and dirt falling from the sky, the contrast between the scientific explanations of the phenomenon of lightweight and intuitive understanding of the natives clear. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study of the book of the Aboriginal and learn about the role of dreams in the tribal traditions. If he invites one of his clients, Chris Lee (David Gulpilil) to his home for dinner, he was dismayed to find that he is the subject of investigation by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), a mysterious Aboriginal sorcerer involved from the transponders . As a consequence, Burton continues its customers make it difficult to work, refusing to disclose the real events surrounding the murder. <br /> <br /> After Chris starts to appear in my dreams, the Burton convinced that the native was killed in a tribal ritual, because "he had seen too much," although Chris refuses to admit it in court. Burton, becoming more and more concerned about the secret that he can not untangle, says stepfather priest, "Why did not you tell me what was the secret?" It's a legitimate question, but, in the words of the monk, Church responds to all the secrets. Burton now knows that he has to find the truth for yourself and included in the breeding ground of the cave. Although we do not know for sure what is real and what is a dream, he comes face to face with their deepest fears are driven into a climax that will leave you pondering its meaning in the wee hours of the morning. <br /> <br /> in this period of history in which the native Hopi and Mayan prophecy predicts the "end of history" and the cleansing of the person who is the fifth World, The Last Wave, although 25 years old, is still relevant. Aborigines are portrayed as living culture, not just one, completely subjugated by the white man, but I felt concerned that we are looking at Russia, but not exactly who sees it. Weir opened our eyes to the mystery that lies beyond our consensus point of view of reality, but it perpetuates the doom orientation that sees the possibility of only in terms of fear, showing nature as dark and uncontrollable forces without a hint of spiritual beauty, which lives on both sides from time to time.
