John Cassavetes 1977 film Night of Revelation is that the criticism is usually called the work of such a significant artist, "forget". This is a great movie in its own right, and one of the best portraits of the mid-life crisis ever put on film. This is not a perfect film, that after two hours and twenty-four minutes is about half an hour too long, and there is a little too much emphasis on drinking protagonist Myrtle Gordon, played by Gena Rowlands, Cassavetes's wife for a long time after the we got a point. But only a masterpiece of Woody Allen, another woman who also starred Rowlands, eleven years later, this is the best portrait of the internal conflicts of aging women. However, Rowlands has won Best Actress at the Berlin Film Festival this figure, and it is well deserved. Often the film, written by Cassavetes, easily compared to his earlier- and inferior- film, a woman under the influence, but this is a false comparison. character Rowlands' in this film seriously mentally unbalanced from the start, as well as on the basis of a blue-collar background, while her characters in this film and in the film Elena are artists who are pursuing a phantom. In this movie, the ghost of the dead is a young woman who can be regarded as a junior counterpart Myrtle, while the film is Helen's own past of your character ??. Many critics have taken this film to be a portrait of an alcoholic, seeing Myrtle surround himself with, for example, the system software as a director, who says she, during the premiere of "I saw a lot of drunks in my time, but I've never seen anyone like drunk as anyone could get. You are great! ", but this is unlikely, since alcohol is not its problem, nor its chain-smoking. They are just diversions from what the thing is really to force it to its own destruction, and Cassavetes much credit, as narrator, he never allows us to find out exactly what happened to Myrtle, and, in spite of its coming through in the end, there is no reason to believe that she did nothing to solve the consequences. Such an offspring without permission Cassavetes links directly with bolder European directors of the recent past that were not comfortable in revealing everything to the audience and forcing them to the viewer to speculate, even if it hurts. <br /> <br /> However, the film perfectly replicates the effect of a drunken fever or rise out of the mist, and thus the viewer again subconscious involved in his drama. Whether or not the Myrtle Gordon really recovered after the universe irises film about it is for each and every viewer to decide and, as we have already seen that the lid is closed, your choices do matter.
