Watching John Cassavetes film premiere, I was reminded of something that was once said in an interview with Quentin Tarantino on personal experience in being the creator of the art or action. He cited the example of, say, when he ran over a dog, and on its way to act in the game, it will not be the end of his life, but it would affect him, and that, no doubt, he would have to bring this experience with him on the stage, even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," he said, "what am I doing?" I could not help but think about his words, observing the character Gena Rowland, Myrtle Gordon, who for nearly a whole week or so is going through a very similar scenario. There is more to it in the course, Cassavetes film, since we are talking about how the theater works around the actress stars, what emotions and human nature is, if you look at playing a character, and how one lives, when all one has (as Myrtle Gordon) It is the theater. <br /> <br /> About the beginning of the film, after the release of the performance, Myrtle are autographed and one such fan named Nancy suitable for your favorite star and pours out her heart to Myrtle. This is a touching little moment, but it does not last, it has to get into the car (torrential rain and everything). Then she looks in horror as the girl who was standing next to the car, he drove off, gets hit by another car in a car accident. She is not sure actually what happened, but then finds out the next day, that actually she really died of a stroke. Since then she kind of stunned that even after she thinks it's out of my system. First, it is shown in the details, such as when she was rehearsing a scene with his colleague actor (played by Cassavetes) and can not be hit - she blames him for the lack of depth in the character (writer: "What do you think the game is not enough?" " hope, "says Myrtle) - but then Nancy is starting to show it, the ghost that Myrtle is all really, until she suddenly went away <br /> <br /> Cassavetes. As in previous films, after the search for what it means to have emotions to really feel something and feel it, or lack thereof, and how it affects others around the person. This is not entirely new ground for Rowlands, who had previously played a woman on the edge of yourself in A Woman Under the Influence (in this case due to alcohol), and there would be someone else's territory for CoStar Gazzara, who had just gone into the lead role in The Killing of a Chinese Bookie . But the actors express everything necessary for their characters in each scene; Cassavetes does not tell them how to get from A to B in the scene, and he does not need. There's a mood in the Cassavetes film that trumps sometimes rough-camera work. You know, Myrtle, for example, has to be content once, even if it is not with the plot. But she is haunted and unhappy with the lack of depth of the character and tone of the song ( "Aging, which is going to see that?" She asked the playwright), and it starts to affect those around her, too. <br /> <br /> question soon becomes although it is not what is normal. Ordinary dramatist would make the conflict "Will she be able to go on stage, it will be the show go on? It does not matter for Cassavetes, even if it is, as a question of" Will it be okay? Maybe going through a grueling games like "second woman "can help her work off her own personal demons and lost her grip on reality (seeing Sarah and attack it in front of strangers, who wonder what the hell is going on)? Or is the lack of hope to strain the play all the rest is not so with her? Depths Rowlands makes her character intensity s and harrowing, and that he expected does not mean that every bored woman under Influence- if anything, it's just as good as this film is an honest man of the profession, and thus, the other characteristics are as exactly the same, from Gazarra Nancy fine plays Laura Johnson. Cassavetes answers to his own questions raised are not so easy. <br /> <br /> One of the real thrill of opening night, along with the observation of large actors who perform strange scenario to see Cassavetes to take on in the theater, as he does. We see that play performed-, and this is obviously true Play- and we know only a little about what it is. If we see that the actors on the stage performing, we will wax and wane between being involved in what the melodrama taking place (relationships and affairs of fuss, and sometimes slap and domestic violence) and improv actors. It is interesting to see how much was actually improvised, as Cassavetes allowed other actors doing scenes where Myrtle starts to go insane, or, in the climax, completely broken. He was on the scene, too, so it should be something for them to work it out in advance, and let what happens happen. <br /> <br /> It's funny, amazing, scary, and the blade of your seat stuff, some of the best scenes in the film theater ever put in the movie, and we see the line between the actor on the stage, the actor in the film, actor to actor blur together perfectly. Opening Night potent drama, full of frank conversations about death and insanity, reality and fiction, where the love between people, and indeed, in the end, that means "action" mean?
