It was once suggested to Pauline Kael, never a fan of that Cassavetes thoughts not as a director, but as an actor. That Kehl had in mind that it is supposed to lack of grace as a filmmaker; take this comparison further, to me it never feels like Cassavetes directs himself in a film, it feels like Cassavetes implant itself within its own creation, like Orson Welles. Cassavetes as much genius Wells, but much more important, as a true artist (as opposed to a technician or a rhetorician). It is a cross between Italian passion (although Cassavetes was actually Greek) and Scandinavian introversion. Never before have inner demons were so inclined physically. <br /> <br /> This is the secret of formation, implementation, and operation. Like most visitors to record Skip James, it has echoes of ghosts all around. disruptions Rowlands', that intoxicating and almost operatic, strange proceeding from Cassavetes, followed by jumping, unsettling piano. Who's the dead girl? Metaphysical possibilities are endless, and it's amazing to find this kind of thing in the film Cassavetes, only an open manifestation of intelligence (there is also a bit short voiceover at the beginning). But then, he always was a smart, he just never slapped it around for easy praise. This is not "Adaptation"; Here, a mixture of reality and fiction, and drama does not show intelligence, but to show the inner turmoil and confusion it creates. <br /> <br /> There's so much going on. Pure, joyous love when Rowlands meets her doorman; horror when she hits herself to ... The scene where the girl says that she has dedicated her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations of understanding what it means to be a fan of anyone. You can see some of the roots in the «A Star Is Born» Almodovar and borrowed from her "All About My Mother." I think the ending is a bit of disappointment because of the laughing fits, but the preparation leading up to it is almost sickening. (You can shoot me, but I think that alcoholism, in spite of its relevance in many scenes, is a relatively small item about the film.) <br /> <br /> This is a living, breathing thing, and he feels as a process: it can go either way at any time as a "Taste of cherry" remind us that "you should never forget that it is just that. ki game "But it is dangerous:.? if Rowlands says that the line is a big drama as viewers take it reflexivity or she just does not care her failures (character) are included in the performances and in the end the film, so? that is, as we see a female James Dean. 10/10
