Yesterday I went to the monthly Antique Flea Market, which is coming to town. I'm really not interested in such things, but I went to the communion of friends who have such an interest. Looking at the hundreds of vendors, bypassing many of them quickly, I noticed someone selling video cassettes and DVD-discs. Most of the films that he had been relatively recently in DVD; the oldest one I noticed was the 1940 Cary Grant, Irene Dunne co-starring my beloved wife. But VHS tapes, by its nature, mostly old movies. I could not resist buying something because they were sold on 3 tapes for $ 10.00. What a deal, like Eddie Murphy used to say. I came across a movie that I've heard over the years, but never seen: Premiere Cassavetes (1977). Well, of course I wanted to be a supporter of Gene Rowlands, and I heard that this film contained one of his best performances. He also had FACES (1968). I've seen it about 20 years ago, a time when I probably did not have enough life experience to evaluate it carefully. And I would like to take advantage of trades, so I grabbed that too. My other choice was Claire's Knee (1970). <br /> <br /> When I got home, I decided to postpone the work I planned to do so that I could watch the opening night. I was completely taken with this film. It focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), a well-known theater and film actress who, in the out-of-town preview, providing personal and professional problems that come to terms with both her character and the theme of the play facing aging. After one rehearsal, an ardent supporter and autograph hound accosts her cries (tears) with "I love you! I love you! "The fan is hit by a car and died a few minutes later. This begins a descent Myrtle, where she must face her own fears of aging, the future of his career as a mature actress and inadequate it is in the game itself (written much older women playwright, played by Joan Blondell). Throughout the film, she sees the dead girl, a clear sign of its past; drinks most of the time; and gets the sincere support of its director (Gazzara), producer (Paul Stewart), her Costar (Cassavetes himself), and playwright. In fact, they are more concerned about how their behavior will affect them and their career: flubbing lines on stage, improvising new lines are usually cracking on the stage, and arriving at the Broadway opening of the completely drunk. <br /> <br /> This story is a function not only to solve the problems of aging, but also contribute to dissatisfaction with the major film Cassavettes solutions. As I watched the movie, I'm sometimes surprised, confused, having fun, humbling, but ultimately, participation, entertained and happy. Cassavettes really had a great sense of humor, care very much that his audience understood what he meant, and he wanted them to be emotionally involved in the story. He makes allusions to ALL ABOUT EVE with energetic fan of the theater, even to dress a young girl in a raincoat and hat similar to that worn by Anne Baxter at the beginning of the film. This feature is most evident allusion to support his aging topics, the contrast of old and young woman. In addition, he apparently uses the contrast Myrtle character faces her own lost youth. At first, I felt that the symbolism was too obvious, but then I realized that it was the intention to Cassavettes. He does not want his audience to a misunderstanding of what he receives; if they did, it would interfere with their emotional involvement. This ghost haunts the youth Myrtle, attacks her, and wants to destroy it. Myrtle eventually "kill" her, but before she can really come to terms with them and play, it should reach the bottom (the other graphic death?). So Cassavettes have her so drunk that she can not walk and has to crawl to her dressing room the night the play opened on Broadway. It raises the same (helping yourself out of such situations is also important theme of the film), and makes a play success, giving a great performance, and changing the direction of the game for the better improvising, so that it contains a ray of hope for the aging character she plays. These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavettes Rowlands and actually made the game in front of a live audience, who did not know what they were going to be part of the film. The game they do also acts as the opposite: it is the main and independent seriously the issues that she raised, that is, until the myrtle will not change its denouement. At the same time, it also improves the performance of his fellow stars. The natural evolution of the interaction (achieved through improvisation) between and among people, subjective realism and truth - it was Cassavettes problems in making the film. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands strange everywhere. Of course, it has the large face, and Cassavettes (known to be in love with her throughout their marriage) provides us with numerous large his plans so that we too can feel their emotions, and that we know what is going on inside her. It makes you care so much about this character that you want to see how it works its way out of this crisis of the soul. And it's what keeps your attention for 2 hours and 30 minutes of work. The film purposely went over time and requires constant attention, but someone with an interest in filmmaking, and good big cast will be awarded. Someone said that this is a movie for anyone who loves cinema. All others will be alerted. <br /> <br /> Look for the opening night, if you have never seen it. Everything in it is great, and it's one of the best films in Cassavettes.
