*** with **** <br /> <br /> Yeah! Dressed To Kill, it is for the film. It's like Kalifornia, but it's different. Remember Me? This film from 1993, which stars Brad Pitt as a serial killer, who "welcomed" a pair of travelers on a trip to California, as a friend who might be a good company along the way. When I watch movies, I always wanted to know anything about the plot before watching it, because surprises can get even cooler. That's how it was with Kalifornia. When I saw him last year for the first time, I realized that it was a suspense film, so when I found out, I was shocked, and when the film went on and on, it got better and I was on the edge my seat, almost kissing my monitor, so I was close to it! Thus, we are discussing about Dressed To Kill, right? Before I watched this movie (today!), I just watched two other films Brian De Palma, so I can say that I really do not know what good it works, but I can tell from a distance that these 2 movies I have been as great as they could be. Carrie (1976) and Mission Impossible (1996). When I saw Carrie on TV, I was really that desperate to get a DVD-copy, and I can say this movie is great! Mission Impossible, too. And today, I was watching the third film from DePalma. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill a film like Kalifornia. If the film goes, it goes differently than you would expect. I watched a very interesting scene in the museum, where Dickinson is a mysterious man to his cabin, and they end up together in the rooms of the apartment. You can guess what might happen there. But when the film reached the scene of the elevator, the film went completely the other way. I watched the rest of the film, and I really liked it. However, there are some low points ... Some of the characters in the movie are absolutely silent! Take, for example, a mysterious man from the museum scene. I always hoped that he would say something, but he never did! It was completely inappropriate and has been, without a doubt, something that made me change my mind, without taking the film, at least, almost something like a masterpiece. Even in the cockpit scene where Dickinson tries to apologize for what happened in the museum, it is a silent grabs her, pulls her into the cab, and they start kissing each other. You know, it reminded me of the Mexican television series 70's "El FAQ del 8", where some characters are quite quietly. Getting past the low point of the film, it's really a great movie, considering the unknown, characters and plot. Dennis Franz cool as a detective Marina! He reminded me of him as Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990), where he plays almost the same character. <br /> <br /> Well, making this survey, the end of Dressed To Kill is the same ending as in Carrie! I do not know when I really liked it, because I hate imitations! I understand that Kerry with DePalma film, so it's really not an imitation, because in the end it was his idea! But it turned out that the idea of ​​repeating Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could do something else instead, to show Nancy Allen wakes up from a bad dream in the same way as it does with Amy Irving in the final scene of Cary. It was, of course, no doubt, still a low point. But if you go through it, you will see that the Dressed To Kill a really good movie, and I can assure you that it is not, by any means, a waste of time watching it.
