It may contain minor spoilers. <br /> <br /> Dressed to kill, just saw it for the first time on the second day, the film with some stunning sequences, some decent performances, and good, although obviously Hitchcock robbery plot twist at the end. It's just too bad some things, obviously, prevents it from being a classic. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill deals with secret killer who killed at least two women (could have had more, but the film never tells us), and the search for the killers of three members: a brainy kid, whose mother He was a victim, a prostitute who live only one who can identify the killer, and the psychiatrist whose patient mother slained brainy kid. There are plenty of well-made speeches, including Nancy Allen as a prostitute Liz Angie Dickinson as a sexually frustrated victim Keith Miller and Michael Caine as Dr. Robert Elliot which is more hidden than meets the eye; although any standard anyone really outstanding. On the other hand, Dennis Franz, later to be a great character along the same lines on the hit show NYPD Blue, uncomfortable as overly exaggerated, ruthless, hated detective, although it takes a little screen time, so it does not hurt the film, which is a lot . Keith Gordon, the child brain is decent, but almost too clever to be truly believable. <br /> <br /> What sticks with me the most intense in the film sequence. The scene with the sexually frustrated mother in the museum captures and well done, as it later sequence leads to her untimely death. I also love the consistency in the doctor's office, which reveals the identity of the murderer, which really makes the entire movie come along at once. And there is a split screen scene, which I thought was almost a classic. However, there is one situation where Liz train, running from what can be a killer, who gets taken in directions that it should never have been almost embarrassing racial stereotypes. In this thriller, tense and often plausible. The crime drama often fluctuates, especially in connection with incomplete, irrelevant explanations of everything that happened in the end. In the same himself, and for too long, at the end of a dream sequence in which they had the audacity to shoot someone's foot seemed minutes, while. It was up and down experience; one scene to catch me in the heart and mind with the bait, and the next to make me squirm and ask why. At more than 100 minutes, it could be under 90 and was better than the movie. <br /> <br /> Scary movie fans would like it. It still stands as the best film than most modern slasher movie. Maybe it was the best film at this time, but just saw it recently, I can say that I enjoy it and it's worth taking a look at three of my favorite scenes alone.
