Dressed murder begins with Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson), which has explicit sexual nightmare, later in the day, she visits her psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) for the session in which it is recognized that being sexually frustrated and unfulfilled in her current marriage. Kate then visits the museums and picks up a stranger, they go back to his apartment for casual sex when done Kate is set to leave, but attacked and killed in the elevator of the building has a razor blade blonde. Prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers a terrible scene and saw the murderer, but he manages to escape. Marino Detective (Dennis Franz) said that he suspects Liz as a murderer, as there are no other witnesses so Liz teams with his son Keith, Peter (Keith Gordon), to find the real killer, the name clearly, Liz and sees that justice is done. .. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian De Palma's Dressed I thought the murder was a good solid psychological mystery murder. The scenario is measured, and the slow, but he likes to focus on the character, so that you know it, all the first twenty minutes only develop Kate, as the character before she suddenly killed, and then the film turns this attention to Liz & no one He gets a look in. Thus, dressed to kill completely absorbing and attractive, unfortunately, the character itself is not very pleasant. I found some of the dialogue is quite funny sometimes, especially dirty talk, Liz spouts time. Killer motifs more believable, but I think you'd have to be pretty messed up to do anything suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good movie, but it does not bother me so much and I did not find any sign, cheer for like. The film nail on unnecessary and useless Twist the end, I do not really see the point. <br /> <br /> Director De Palma directed with style and visual flair, from the Art Museum and the car chase sequence as a whole is a perfect shot everywhere. I would imagine that every shot in Dressed to Kill was a lot of thought put into it. I felt that the film was a bit flat and uninspired far though, nothing about it is not really excites me so much. There is a fair bit of nudity, some sex and rape, along with a few bits of gore and violence, the murder of Kate razor in the elevator is an event, if it's the right word. However, it is not so shocking or controversial, if we look today, as many would have you believe. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 6500000 Equip murder that has a glossy feeling of the high cost of production of a Hollywood movie. Attractions New York City Good, good cinematography and overall it is very well done. I thought the music was inappropriate and was far from loud and intrusive. Actions in order, but I do not think despite its top billing that Caine was so much screen time. Allen has been married to director Brian De Palma while Dressed to Kill was done, I wonder of four films she appeared in with De Palma in two of them, and this Blow Out (1981), he gave her as a prostitute ... double hull has been used to Dickinson as she pleasures herself in the shower at the start. <br /> <br /> Dressed to kill a good thriller that is worth watching, but I do not think this is fully justified this exalted reputation. Good, but not brilliant.
