Dressed to Kill, for obvious reasons, did a bit of violence when first released in 1980: you had «Police Girl» in the role, which was a mega-erotic and Dicknson Angie played a sexually frustrated housewife looking for a good time in all the wrong museums (and there are elevators in the apartment), plus Nancy Allen as a call girl, Michael Caine as a sophisticated New York cousin of Norman Bates and enough Lurid images on two recent movies period. Today, it is a little less compromising standards and such, although the unrated version has some of the most "hot" content of any of the films of De Palma, at least in its quasi-director during the '70s and early' 80s, when it seemed to repeat the theme again and again, the ideas are taken directly from the film newsreel Hitchcock's classics and gave rise tasteless. This is just a fairy tale, that one part saw in Sisters, and then again to the extent that in Body Double, as well as in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays call girl Liz Blake, who must clear her name suspect in the murder of Kate (Dickinson, in full-blown «MILF»), after having been found with a razor, the murder weapon from the office of Dr. Elliot (Michael Caine stone cold performance most of the way). <br /> <br /> From the very beginning, which seems to be doing as a way of creating a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way of topping the opening scenes of Carrie De Palma (which perhaps he does only in editing terms), we get a series of technical knockout obtained through the point of view of style: tracking shots in a museum, meant to stir up a fascination with the process itself, and of the following wishing to follow than any kind of stress; pursuit through the subway (the predecessor of Carlito's Way) is done with the exact level of uncertainty, in the meantime, with a little bit of boot operation with a black band; the character of his son Peter, Keith (Keith Gordon), who plays what, in fact, the younger version of real life, De Palma, as a child (the science geek, obsessed Hitchcock and voyeurism). And it's all fun and magic as hell as the one that comes close to the real synthesis that makes thrillers De Palma so unique at the same time so shamefully clean fearless attitude cinema. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the same self-consciousness eventually returns to bite the director as an example several times in recent years, and once in Dressed to Kill, he starts to become very unstable and frustrating, as history should wrap himself up. How Psycho threads come together even more, apparently (the person who wants a sex change, do not even think that he kills, as it * is * who does it), there is a narrative scene at the police station, making the aforementioned Hitch view the film as strange psychological discovery. And the final scene in the house of Peter, also calling in painful remembrance much improved consistency of Carrie, intended for manipulation, even De Palma so requests; especially the last shot, although a master class in how to replicate itself. However, there is very abnormal, and inside, the perfect scene in a psychiatric hospital on the background of this confusing interchange, where the doctor is doing some work on the nurse, to which all other prisoners behave like animals in a zoo, and over the head shot up and up the scene is one of the best shots of sexual / total perversion ever captured on film. <br /> <br /> a shame that the film ends on a strange and disturbing manner, which until then this is a great piece of pulp movies, where a class all around the technical aspects (soft lighting, fancy camera movements, seemingly so simple) on the subject of the background, which should be found in the mixture in paperback for 25 cents. This is not a masterpiece, but I would, of course, take on most of the latest thriller directed on any given day.
