In France, it is considered polite by French critics kneel to be seen, close-knit chain of Brian De Palma film left behind. However, a good proportion of his films marred by arrogant effects of "Carrie" (1976), "Fury" (1978), "Scarface" (1983), not to mention its borrowing from Hitchcock. Here, in "Dressed to Kill", it is impossible not to think of "Vertigo" (1958) for the longest sequence in the museum at the time as a key moment in the elevator makes inevitably think about the anthology shower sequence in "Psycho" (1960), O our involved the film, I do not want to revive the old debate: De Palma makes Hitchcock rip off? Instead, I would tend to be generous and to classify the "Dressed to Kill" in the category winners De Palma next to the "Sisters" (1973) and «Obssession» (1976). With some reservations, however, and they are the ones I listed earlier, a fuel disputes between rabid supporters of De Palma and his detractors. <br /> <br /> If there is one sure thing in "Dressed to Kill", which can generate a general consensus among film lovers, this virtuosity De Palma at directing. He has his cell, as an expert director to do. Its complex camera operation brilliantly fuel uncertainty, which entails an increase in tension and disappointing aura. Viewers glued to the screen easily. This helps when using long sequences of several silent during which all depend on the views and gestures. By the way, in "Psycho", it has also been long silent, tense part of ... <br /> <br /> But the main drawback in 1980 Vintage De Palma is that the quality of the plot can not be found wanting and seems , rehash a lot of templates, banal ingredients, relating to the murder of countless stories. The prostitute is the only witness to the crime. Then it is suspected by the police and to act on their own (with a little help from the son of the victim from the scene in the subway and on)) to track down the killer and prove her innocence. Besides the fact that De Palma uses a type of character that this time not humiliated at all, it is a menu that smells warm up. And the director finishes his film on the sequence which overlaps with the opening one. Yes, it's great shot, but if one finds its real function, one digit, "it's almost filler gifts." Maybe De Palma wanted to stretch the film in one hour and a half, if at that time the audience knows (and even before), who the murderer is. <br /> <br /> The two central springs included De Palma on topics articulate depends on the manipulation and voyeurism. The last topic is well present in "Dressed to Kill" with the first episode of the year, which makes the film almost look like a soft porn movie. And the director is not afraid to shoot his main actress and wife Nancy Allen in her underwear. I believe that its approach on this subject is highly questionable. But, perhaps, the first sequence has been conceived as a spectator mirror and De Palma wanted to stir his radar side. <br /> <br /> I do not want to belittle the work of all De Palma. His prestigious job at directing, which entails communicative treat the film acquires the global weakness of the history and dubious aspect. Twenty-six years after, he caused controversy among moviegoers not ready to subside.
