Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) having trouble in her marriage and otherwise - is enough to see a psychologist. If she gets her license in trouble, it also includes a passerby, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who becomes wrapped up in research to identify the psycho killers. <br /> <br /> Dressed to kill a few important historically. This is one of the earliest examples of modern-style thriller that this letter is an extension of all the way through the cover (2005). What is surprising is that the director Brian De Palma is mainly trying to crib Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally raises part of Vertigo (1958), for the disgraceful scenes dressed to kill in a museum. Dressed to kill the shower scene, as well as its villain and the way of death is similar to Psycho (1960). De Palma also uses visible by a recurring motif in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer Bernard Herrmann. The similarity does not end there. <br /> <br /> But De Palma, whether it be by chance or skill, it is possible to make a turn from an oblique, or possibly surpass, its impact, with Dressed to Kill, which has to do with the structure and flow that is affected. Perhaps partly because of this influence, dressed to kill as deeply mistaken, if you look at this time. Countless following directors took their Hitchcock as De Palma and honed it, improving almost every element, so watching now, after 25 years in the amount of affected thrillers, most dressed murder seems painfully paced structurally awkward and inept plot-wise. <br /> <br /> One of the aspects of the film, which, unfortunately, has not been improved in the wearing of sex and nudity scenes kill. Both Dickinson and Allen treats us with full frontal nudity (as Allen with a very skewed angle), and De Palma has stored breast images Dickinson, strongly implicit masturbation and more intuitive sex scenes than is usually found in contemporary films. Quite a few scenes suitable soft core porn. I do not support the hypocrisy - quite the contrary. Puritan, monogamistic, indoor attitude toward sex in our culture and poverty bothers me. So from my point of view, it is sad that the dress is one of the few aspects where the other is not much followed suit or a fabricated film to kill emphasis on the flesh and its joy. Perhaps it was necessary, but they are not allowed to follow their example because of cultural control with conservative stuffed shirts. <br /> <br /> directions De Palma cinematography and staging some scenes too, enough that it is well difficult to do something in the same style are better than De Palma does. He has an odd characteristic approach to close the window, and he loved the shots of the interesting angles, such as false beliefs and James Whale-like tracking through the back card in the set. Of course, the later directors were brighter, but it's hard to say that they were better. Considered for shooting skill, at least in the museum scene is beautiful in its ability to create very subtle tension around the fallen gloves and eye or two, following Kate through intricately nested cubes Metropolitan Museum. <, Br /> <br /> On the other hand, in terms of taking care of history, and especially when one is waiting to see a thriller, all through the scene a little museum and may continue to seem too slow and stupid. Due to its removal from the main genre of the film and its main task the directing span (as well as cultural facts, external to the film), the opening does not seem very well integrated attempts to tickle and be risky. After the first murder occurs, then an improvement, but because of the possible effect of the film, much of the improvement now seems a bit formulaic and sometimes mess. <br /> <br /> The performances are basically good, though Michael Caine underloaded, Dickinson and should leave earlier than I would like (but the output is necessary and very effective). Dressed to kill, at least, is likely to hold its interest until the end, but because the facts do not fit in the picture, it is not aged well. At the moment it is probably best to watch the film, primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not the best, even for that time - some of the director's instinct De Palma.
