Just finished watching The Groove Tube, which I first saw about 23 years ago when I was a teenager, staying up past my sleep, watching HBO with my brother and his best friend. We also observed the animal house just before that we saw two films that starred SNL alumna and had some bare breasts. Well, our parents were sleeping all the time! Anyway, there were a lot of strange and funny things in this film that was an eye opener as a sequence Brown 25 Commercial Uranium Industries ( «tasteful beef stew," says the announcer, as what appears to man excrement out of white pipe . Ewww!) or a person puppet talk about VD (scrotum with a small penis with eyes glued on). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their feature film debuts here. Chase cheerful I make Geritan spot with a woman stripping, with his hands in sex, "Let your fingers Do It» Commercial, or singing «Four Leaf Clover» from writer / director Ken Shapiro, tapping his hands on his head. Belzer teams from Shapiro in the "dealers" film and «Channel One Evening News» with wild one bit having Belzer as black prostitute trying tricks on reporter Ken, who plays Lionel here. "Lionel, it sounds like a train that I'm going to ride like Choo-Choo!» Other bits include egregious "Koko Show" with Shipiro as a child clown show that, after the order is "more than a dozen people" to exit out of the room, reading the demands of its viewers as excerpts from "Fanny Hill"! Or how about the Olympic games segment with the German couple making love is declared the two men (one of them in Spanish) as they get clear while "Please, Stand By» keeps interrupting the on-screen! Or a cartoon segment on "dealer", which depicts dancing toilet after Shapiro ingested marijuana! Not everything is so dirty. In addition, «Four Leaf Clover» skit at the end of a very funny musical segment from Ken lip syncs your listing «Just You, Just Me», a dance with a suit and a briefcase around the city with time police (co-writer Lane Sarason) Accession . So, in summation is one lucky, funny movie, which seemed to affect other similar films (TunnelVision, Kentucky Fried Movie), and possibly, Saturday Night Live (which made the Chevy, which shows the first star) and, despite the some dated elements, can still delight today. PS Although I liked to hear «Move On Up» Curtis Mayfield while gorillas dancing / hitchhiking starting sequence, I am surprised that it was a hitchhiking and women sequence that takes it, having them run out of the machine, stripping a run, and then naked men caught by the police, who stopped on the road. I believe that this is one of those 70 things Streaking ...
