You know what they say about 70's..if you can remember them, you were not there. One of the few things I remember about the '70s was the first hippie and hip social satire, as can be seen from quite «underground'or counterculture perspective..The Groove Tube. If humor is dull or brainless now some viewers it may be because a lot has happened in the last 30 years, and the comedy is not "fresh» anymore..but hey! When this film was released, he was first..and some of these parodies have been made for the first time ... at a time when Nixon was in office, the war in Vietnam was raging, the sexual revolution was in full swing. and J.Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI. This is a movie made before Watergate broke, and as such, he was one of the first to make a big impact on establishment..to make fun of him and the hippies, at the same time. And, frankly, some scenes still dead funny. If you like Cheech and Chong «Up In Smoke» .. you will love this film. <br /> <br /> If you want to know that the 70s were really like..check outside Groove Tube .. if you like the Oscar winning "network" of about the same year, and thought it was right on the mark in his wild look on TV, you'll dig Groove Tube..which picks up the theme, but played from the perspective of the audience .. .the younger viewers, who were excluded in favor of other TV entertainment .... We were raised Ozzy and Harriet, "Leave it to Beaver," father knows best, My Three Sons..Happy day ... so imagine our glee when those of us who are experimenting with new E lifestyle got to see the promise of up boxes, as seen from our point of view! Commercials for only one corporation Uranus priceless .. "Good things come from Uranus" .... and sudden rupture of the film in a straight Fritz Côte-style animations when hippies eating grass still one of the best flows in and out of common sense I've ever seen in a movie. <br /> <br /> If you like Kentucky Fried Movie, you'll love this movie. And if you've ever wondered why your awesome Uncle Harold still gets an evil glint in his eyes when remembering his college days..this is the perfect movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Take it for what it ..A souvenir times ... and a little bit cheeky film that will help all of us who did it forget the 70s to remember them again.
