"Once there was a magic land called France .... The people lived happily, women were easy and men indulge in their favorite pastime :. War, the only holiday of the kings that people can enjoy. "The war in question was the Seven Years' War, and when it was noticed that there were more dead soldiers than the soldiers, recruiters were sent to join the ranks. <br /> <br /> And so it was, that Fanfan (Gerard Philipe), caught acrobatics daughter of a farmer in a pile of hay, escapes marriage, drawing in the regiment d'Aquitane ... but only the first believing that his future as foretold Gypsies, he wins fame and fortune in the form of his Majesty and marries the daughter of the king. Unfortunately, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) not gypsy and daughter recruiting Sergeant regiment. <br /> <br /> If Fanfan charges of recruits, saber in hand, in order to save the crew under attack, which is to be inside, but the Marquise de Pompadour and du ... daughter of the king. Now it is certain that he will marry high, despite the very low cut blouse is Adeline. She, in turn, will soon open his own love for Fanfan. We are in the middle of the irreverent movie Fanfan fate, the lewd adventure ball fighting rogue and swindler. There escapes from hanging, swordfights on tiled roofs, confused battle, romantic escapes and more joyful recklessness to do than you can imagine. Fanfan that lacks polish, it is in an irreverent and enthusiasm. He quickly fencer and stepping quickly to speak lover, but with such a naive faith in his destiny, and this upbeat nature, how can we not love it? <br /> <br /> Philip was a landmark stage and screen actor (François Truffaut who constantly dropped on pages Cahiers du Cinema). He did most of his own stunts. He was a handsome, athletic, elegant and charismatic. Men admired and women have dreamed about it. He died at the age of 36 years, seven years after Fanfan, liver cancer. All mourned France. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline holds her own. These are not low cut blouses that make its effect. She's sharp, hot, not entirely innocent, and no one is a fool. <br /> <br /> Fanfan-l Tulipe simply sings along with infinite satire action taper situation and good nature. Not to mention the funny, caustic dialogue. After Adeline has taken steps to save Fanfan from hanging, she meets the king in his room. "Give me a very small hand," he says. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," said Adeline. "Who asks for your heart?" Says the king, "I pray for this little pleasure." "I'm actually a girl," says Adelina. King says, "You have to do my respect for your merits. Do you like Fanfan? Then thank me. My whims enable us to show the greatest proof of your love, for the sake of selling their faithfulness you swore to him. "Now that's smart, funny stuff. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut and the rest of the gang New Wave, as a rule, do not like popular movies as mere entertainment (and they personalize their attacks). Fanfan la Tulipe and its director, Christian Jacques, were among its main objectives. They probably missed the point Fanfan, which is a very funny satire on the army and the senselessness of war. How much better it must have seemed to make films longing that only fellow filmmakers could appreciate. Thank God, some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, has outgrown this childish grace and come to recognize that a good film is a good movie, whether the masses like it or only to connoisseurs. Intelligent man who loves movies can assess any, if the films are well made. Those who went to the film based on the degree of popularity is as a matter of humiliating those who brags they never read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart out. Viva Fanfan!
