This is the last of the four thugs from France I planned to see during the Christmas season: the other (in order of review) were uninspired Black TULIP (1964, with the same director, like this one, but not as well), are surprisingly effective LADY Oscar ( 1979 which has emerged as a Japanese manga!) and gorgeous CARTOUCHE (1962). In fact, I've seen it recently in the night Italian television and remember sun is particularly shocked by it, so I was really surprised by how much I liked this time (taking into account the embarrassing lack of enthusiasm shown for the film here and elsewhere, when it was first declared as follows DVD release from Criterion) <br /> <br /> By the way, Fanfan Tulipe-has much in common with the above cartouche :. not just quit and crew members (manufacturers Georges Dancigers and Alexander Mnouchkine, cinematographer Christian Matras, actor Noël Roquevert), but the plot-wise, and ?? in fact, the hero is a womanizing soldier (cartouche Jean-Paul Belmondo also had a short spell military) who loved the fiery girl (in this case, a Gypsy Gina Lollobrigida), yet he possessed an impossible love (here, it's none other than as the daughter of the King)! As in the later film, also Fanfan (perfectly cast Philip, who, ironically, is so full of life here that one finds it hard to believe that it will be broken down by cancer during the time 7 years) are adjacent two risible more cowardly men (one of them is actually his senior officer and the heroine's father) and against unfair figures in their own ranks (aging Roquevert, with whom the hero eventually comes into contact in a duel on the roof, as it also has amorous designs a gypsy!); for the record, Lollobrigida reunite Philippe in his next film, a great romantic fantasy Rene Clair LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). <br /> <br /> Fanfan was a big box office hit on its home ground, and even pointed amazing (but deserved) Best Direction award at Cannes over the more well-known films as An American in Paris (1951), a detective story (1951), Othello Umberto D. and VIVA Zapata! In fact, its popularity ensured its republication in the computer color version (presumably in the interest of viewers who will not touch the black-and-white product with a ten-foot pole a) itself contains a sample DVD criterion of this option; being, obviously, the name of a foreign language, there is also a questionable choice in the English-dubbed soundtrack, but even if they were not very painful to sit through taking into account, when all is said and done, there simply is no substitute for the original! <br /> <br /> Fanfan-Tulipe (the nickname given to the young hero Genevieve Page as the famous Madame de Pompadour) contains approximately as much as the comedy (expected) action and romance; while some of them may find it overwhelming, I do not agree myself, I enjoyed the sharply satirical story and, in general, this combination is comparable with Skolimowski equally amusing adventures GERARD (1970). Nevertheless, swordfights are surprisingly convincing for essentially carefree businesses (in particular, the fight in the forest ambush in the monastery) and the film itself, as an adult at times (with numerous references to sexuality and coarse language accepted everywhere) when viewing the back to-back with a classic Hollywood fare as I did at the moment; climax, the very inventive: (! who, entertaining, made to speak at an accelerated raving) exhausted the enemy forces only our heroic trio, much to the surprise of the king, which is drawn by Marcel Erran ?? best known for his role of leader of the Parisian underworld in children Carney "in Eden (1945) ?? himself a libertine with. <br /> <br /> PS The Italian television station threatened to screen promising Champagne Christian-Jacque for savage (1964) on within a few months, but, in spite of the programming it three times (with preliminary fourth is scheduled for next week), they have yet to show it, even so, I still have three films it in my pile of unwatched VHS (equally killed by night Italian television films): at three o'clock in the epic Aha Monastery Parma (1948, also starring Gerard Philipe), second twin (1967) and The Legend of Frenchie King (1971 with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
