One of the greatest westerns of all time! But this one, unlike many others, does not deal with nature, horses, fights, etc., but instead has to do with a rifle, Winchester 73, and as a rifle and other effects of their influence it. The rifle is not a living, breathing, human being, is not it? You may be inclined to believe that it is not. But, it seems, has its own mind, two very similar reasons: it is returned to its rightful owner, in the end, despite the fact that throughout the picture, its ridiculous "owners" are doing their best to make sure that does not happen, and he never gives up, the content until it returns to its original owner, so that, by coincidence, a ridiculous "owners" always seem to lose it somehow killed trying to protect and preserve it as long as it does not will return to James Stewart, it is the "content". But not every one of the owners deserve to have it. Stewart does, of course, since he won. McNally does not, as it was supposed to be a dirty thief and steal it. Drake definitely does, because he is likely to lose it in any poker game, and in addition, Drake was too cowardly to fight, so why should he have one of a kind weapon, if he would not even use it? Duryea does not, because he's just laughing maniac, and we all know that laughing maniacs do not deserve weapon. This film looks like film noir edge that only Westerns may have, for example, the Ox-Bow Incident. Westerns have their own type of film noir, it is very different from the 30's and Bogart movies 40s. This is, hands down, the best of all five Stewart-manna westerns, although my personal favorite "river bend". The remaining four steel is very different from this. I do not think it's a coincidence to see that the other four were the color, and it's black and white. This is due to the edge of noir. All five films was revenge and the dark past for the game Stuart in the film, to the point where it's not just the dark side of Stewart, but is actually a kind of character, and not one to be listed in the credits, but the one that you can recognize and know what it is, is always present. Nevertheless, this is one, not only in the field and a dark past, but also from the point of view of the higher risk and characters that were very different than Stewart to make it surpass in all aspects of the other four. But Stewart never crosses the line. He did, however, follow the line between light and dark. That is why black and white played such an important role in the film. They could all be black and white, or they could have all been colored. But this one in black and white, while the other four colors and has a very good reason for this.
