The larger-than-life figures of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, and the ghosts of Custer and Sitting Bull, loom over film director Anthony Mann extremely exciting first Western with James Stewart. Although the search for Stewart to avenge the murder of his father is the main story, 73 Winchester, it's really part of the ensemble, with the same one-to-thousands of firearms, which passes through the hands of many picturesque owners, including crooked trader (John McIntyre especially great) and outlawed the Duryea Dan, which is even more despicable than usual. alloy film fiction and history creates a fresh tempo and dual tones brilliantly in the leg with a reduced Mann compositionally rigorous filmmaking. The theme of psychological disturbances and past dictates the present weak is this tall tale about good and bad people chasing after the legendary gun, but they abruptly emerge in the vignette of her husband's cowardice and not an attempt to redemption, and determined in conversations with Stuart Millard Mitchell bosom. Using environmental manna environment is what sets it apart from other filmmakers westerns. Instead of looking at the prospects of a distance, he includes them in the drama as the characters that redirect that impede or cause the goal of human characters. Just as mountains, caves, and the thresholds had to be taken into account in the bare spurs here shootout occurs among loose rocks and boulders of a small mountain, the physical barrier that fatally defines the role of victor and victim between two equally skilled snipers (I would be remiss not Recognizing the contribution of cinematographer William H. Daniels, especially the day to night, the open range of the photo.) not only adept tourist manna is also a vivid picture of Wyatt Earp, Dodge City patrolled primarily due to scalable, multiple plane pastes anovka. Competition shooting does not depend on vigorous change camera or vicious cuts for the effect of manna because instinctively knows where to put the camera and how to move it to reflect the greatest density of information in that frame. He also did not care to express the story in dialogue, based on the actors' eyes and well-chosen image to transfer stakes. One scene in particular, serve to explain his relationship: talk to Mitchell motivation Stewart Shelley Winters, who was suspended Naivysočajšij skirmish that quickly detects all. Light without feeling insignificant, intense, without being overbearing, Winchester, 73 seems to be more modern than his contemporaries and a joy to behold.
