The new creative team came in 1950, when a brilliant actor James Stewart teamed up with the equally brilliant director Anthony Mann to make a series of westerns that have helped define the genre for the future. Until now, Stewart was mostly known in aw..aw..aw approach to family oriented comedies, dramas and romances. Not that he was not already some talented Hollywood star. One of his best screen representations ever, and one of the best for those who are on celluloid was Macaulay Mike 'Connor, sarcastic writer for the scandal rags in «The Philadelphia Story.» He even made Westerns before. His gun shoots still images shy Destro Thomas Jefferson Jr. in the comedy Western "Destro Rides Again» helped make this film a classic. But for most fans of the movie, he was an all-american boyscout Mr. Smith or George Bailey. Occasionally there is a dark side of any of the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann was associated with B clicks in the noir mode. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" caught the eye of James Stewart. Thus, the two talented people pooled their resources for the production of some of the greatest Hollywood westerns ever made. "Winchester 73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best, but the others were nearly as effective. Mann became a successful director of the film, resulting in the direct what some critics consider the greatest Western of all Gary Cooper, "People of the West." Stewart became fabulously wealthy as a result of the partnership, because he signed part of the fee in exchange for a share of the salary he used paid, a wise move indeed are many other actors from then on. <br /> <br /> Winchester 73 was also one of the first films can be, firstly, to tell the story from the point of view of running guns. Each owner is part of the story says, and it all comes together in an exciting battle at the end of the film, which also holds a surprise for the audience. Based on the story of Stuart Lake, the story focuses on the ground and ownership of Winchester 73. Year 1876. Custer and his Seventh Cavalry were destroyed by the Sioux and Cheyenne at the Little Big Horn. White want revenge. Native Americans want their land and their way of life back. This conflict leads to a confrontation between the family and the Americas headed calf (young Rock Hudson shows its potential as an actor) and a small cavalry group pinned down in the canyon, and were joined by civilians Lin McAdam (Stewart), his partner and lifelong friend High Spade (undervalued actor Millard Mitchell), and the pair is trying to find himself, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Behavior (Shelley Winters), soiled dove with a good heart. Among horses soldier recruits Tony Curtis and James Best (later with the "Dukes of Hazzard"), whose part of the bullet broke. <br /> <br /> Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. The movie has him as the chief marshal. Excellent actor Will Geer (later Walton) looks like an older Earp. In fact, Wyatt was an assistant marshal in Dodge while dramatically just their teeth for a while Lawman. Lin McAdam wins Winchester in the shooting competition, but it is taken from him shortly thereafter to outlaw Dutch Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his minions. McAdam and High Spade appear after at Dutch Henry and Winchester for the remainder of the film. Even more ominous occurs along the way, Waco Johnny Dean played as evil personified, Dan Duryea, who threatens to steal the show from the other members of the stellar cast. <br /> <br /> Winchester passes through several hands during a movie, every time the intensity of transmission. One of them is related to gunrunner played to perfection by John McIntyre. Other swaps are mixed with the above scenario. All this plus the action keeps the viewer glued in place during the entire show. <br /> <br /> As noted above, the first to bring the speed down to the smallest role. Look at another familiar face in the credits of parts, including the future of the sheriff «Bonanza» Ray Teal and B reliable western Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
