In 1942, the film TALE MANHATTAN told many stories, which were mostly related to each other, but are connected to each other with a suit male evening wear. Each story began when "tails" have been transferred from one owner (Charles Boyer, for example) to another (Cesar Romero). WINCHESTER 73, a great film and a great western, has a similar plot twist. Initially, we are talking about how Jimmy Stewart looks for Steven (Horace) MacMahon for some capital offense. But in the course of the film, two men enter the contest shots, the prize (subject to Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) he was one of the new rifles Winchester. Stewart barely knocks MacMahon, but the gun was stolen from Stuart, and chase on. <br /> <br /> gun passes from hand to hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant trader who fatally does not know when to stop arrogant) to Rock Hudson (in an unexpected role - and a short one at that) Charles Drake, Dan Duryea (how enthusiastic the death and psychotic Waco Johnny Dean) to MacMahon. In the end he will come back to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is masterfully directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide range of experience. Duryea rifle gets literally over the dead body of Drake (Duryea makes the question). But he loses his MacMahon, which is likely to draw - not that Duryea stupid enough to fight for the rifle. As he and Shelley Winters look at MacMahon at a distance Winter (who looked Duryea score his former friend Drake boy) he loses aversion to shoot for a moment to ask why he had to put up with bullying Mac Mahon for the pistol. Philosophical, Duryea says he can wait. Some opportunities will come up later on (ie, when it can be safely killed MacMahon and return the rifle). <br /> <br /> characters amazing people. Winters first appears as the future bride of Drake, but she sees a very large negative side of it - an unforgivable way. Drake knows this gap, and it helps lead to its destruction. Other characters are realistic touches such as J.C. Flippen as an Army sergeant, who is fighting the Indian attack with Steward and friend Stuart Millard Mitchell. Oh, and with colleagues in Flippen - Tony Curtis. Flippen makes one believe that the soldier was a hundred battles before, since 1861, probably. Steward showed emotion in other films. In It's a Wonderful Life, he showed a degree of anger at times, as well as almost a nervous breakdown when he thinks it's all right with his life. But then he showed a demonic rage - at the expense of surprise Duryea (which will usually show such anger itself) <br /> <br /> As a part of this film fit very neatly together, under the hands of a competent Mann .. This is one west, which It never wears out, as the audience watches the travel Winchester rifle.
