Buff adult Western, blooms in 1950 and try to trace its origin film, which started syndrome. Of course, we can return to Howard Hawks of the Red River (one thousand nine hundred forty-eight) or even further on John Ford's My Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to stick to this one decade, it has to be one of the few films made in the first year of this era. One is «Gunfighter," exquisitely bleak story about the famous Gunslinger (Ringo), facing his last shootout. More from the same year is the "Winchester 73" and it should be noted that Millard Mitchell appears in both, as the gloomy, baleen, highly realistic range of riders. In The Gunfighter, it is the city marshal is expected to arrest the ring, but if then went with him out of the gang law in Winchester, he sidekick, Jimmy Stewart, a kind of Hamlet Horatio Stewart in this epic / tragic story plot is simple enough:.. lonely cowboy Stewart wins in Winchester great game shots, beating the vile person on west (Stephen McNally), which is actually its own br there and caused the death of his father If a brother steals a gun, Stewart and Mitchell, to follow him in a cowboy odyssey that takes them all across the border, meeting with both criminals and the Indians (One little, two future stars -.. Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - playing an Indian chief and cavalry US soldiers - while well-staged pitched battle Dan Duryea steals all shows as a leader giggling outside the law, while Shelley Winters ,. just before she started to gain weight, it's good as a shady lady that connects all sites together. Today, filmmakers will last for about four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann makes it extremely cost-effective amount of time, with not a moment to waste. Such as the Western legends Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (awful plays Will Geer) make brief appearances, adding to the historicity and the epic nature. The final battle between good and bad brothers, high on top of a series of stick rock canyons, is now legendary among Western fans should also be noted that Stewart, however, very connected, he became the western movies, is doing what in fact his first Western leading man role here. - Yes, he was in Des Striy Rides Again eleven years ago, but was cast in the comedy spoof, because it seemed so wrong for westerns!
