Traditional western associated with wide open spaces, a clear morality, the inevitable storylines, an optimistic belief in the ability of the hero to shape their own destiny, to escape his past. This quality reflects directly the American self-esteem, she corrected dream, pushing the boundaries and borders, so this genre is still referred clever politician. With some honorable exceptions (eg, Wellman, hawks), West was healthily free of neurosis or real alarm. Anthony Mann changed all that forever, and this is the first foray into the genre is one of the most rigid, bright, sophisticated, not to mention the exciting Westerns ever made. <br /> <br /> traditional Western depends on the character, who is an example of a strong healthy, regardless of adversity, he may have had in the past, a supporter of order and right which dominates the film, removes his obstacles, restores harmony in action; and the obvious villain, which is often, strangely enough, drives the plot, makes the hero in action. The difference between the two is often designated as mythical as simple as wearing a white or black hats. <br /> <br /> von Mann was in the film noir genre antithetical to the wide open spaces and optimism. Noir was charged neurotic, focusing on the dissolution of the unstable character, where the blurred morality, character, how often the villain, is closed in the interior maze of his own making, the passive victim of fate. Noir of the regression not progress, and questioned the denial mode and presenting symptoms, rather than creating and confirming them. <br /> <br /> Winchester 73 rich noir anxiety. Noir is often regarded as the psychological genre, visualizing a head injury of his hero. 73 does that too, and it is even more alarming is that the protagonist is beautiful, homespun Jimmy Stewart, is initiating its big run movies with Mann and Hitchcock. In many ways, good-natured and sweet, representing the right and try to restore disturbances in the natural order, it is also about a madman who will stop at nothing to achieve revenge killer, whose relentless quest mirror Ethan Edwards in the search engines to it. inhuman persistence, whose instincts of the human beat-up this quest and whose outbursts of violence really terrible witness <br /> <br /> As with the noir, his anxiety has a psychological basis - unlike most "healthy" heroes who have outgrown ( symbolically killed) their parents, McAdam father was killed before he could complete this process; chasing him his brother moral less space than agonizing opposition to stunting. Climactic shootout laxative Sun :. McAdam started back in the "normal" society, as it has just been witness to some of the worst horrors of the world <br /> <br /> What is most disturbing about the film, it's really not about the hero or the villain at all, but an inanimate piece weoponry, which controls the operation. 73 opens with a gun titles privileged, on display behind glass window, while his supporters were trapped, crushed, undifferentiated, framed, admiring it from the outside. Throughout the film, the human forces are reduced to the most arbitrary signifiers - the names change; Lin and Dutch MIM shooting each other because they do not have weapons; Quests are losing the moral vitality and their practitioners veer close to insanity; Army should ask for help from the Federal unfamiliar to fight battles; man becomes worthy of respect only when he mentions his name; another man revealed as a coward if he renounces his Indian bride; Gun retains its prestige, authority, integrity <br /> <br /> This is not a revenge plot that drives the film, but the story of the gun. This pulls the film out of the ordinary expectations, and creates a terrible, distancing, modern look. We become so caught up in the revenge plot that, when we go, with a gun, another story entirely, we feel a little bit confused. <br /> <br /> This emphasis on weapons, a powerful symbol of courage, in fact, allows for criticism of masculinity, showing meaningless elaborate rituals at the expense of society and order; rough capitalist greed; murderous Indian merchants, defraud both the seller and the enemy; shorts; psychotic killers; before returning to their "real" owner, a broken hero careful compromise that became the death as a murderer, he's looking for. Gun will never be printed with the name of its owner, and not just because there is no fixed owner, but because there is no fixed courage, insight anathema traditional Western. <br /> <br /> 73 brilliant cause Western myths - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, cavalry, civil war, wide West - only to blow them up. Earp has an inflated reputation, it's all him, but never proven - Dodge City Sun safer against criminals than anywhere else; Incompetent Cavalry (Custer has just lost a Little Big Horn) and bitter feud war showed that it does not matter. Myth open West site is very closed, the inevitable, the circular section that captures its characters, refuses to allow them to shape their own destiny, but allows it to generate them. <br /> <br /> In the old John Ford riders silhouette on a huge mountain it is carried out, but the signals are not progressing, but repetition and circularity. But for all its deconstruction, the film also significantly brighter so few westerns ever achieve. astute technician manna breaks his camera in critical positions, alternating the range of detection in intensive consideration, making the interior doors and coaches seem thrillingly alive and lived in.
