"Fascinating," an adjective I heard many times when it comes to some of the TV shows. More recently, dramas like Lost, Heroes and Prison Break earned this description. However, as compelling as they may be (and they really are), I can wait a few days before I see the next episode or series, even Prison Break, which some of them lazy is classified as a "new 24". With all due respect, may not be such a thing, and for good reason: no other silver screen is not a thriller based on real-time structure. This is what distinguishes the 24 from any other show, and that's why I almost have to watch an entire season (on DVD) for seven days or less :. If frickin 'clock starts ticking, it is impossible to tune <br /> <br /> scene which unfolds in a single day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and, more recently, Deadwood); having an entire season of a new series of the last 24 hours, one of the EP (actual running time is 41 minutes, and the remaining 19 occupied by advertising, when the show airs on TV), has been the most innovative idea in mainstream television with Hill Street Blues presented a nonlinear speaking of stories ( an indispensable element in the present). And it really paid off. <br /> <br /> Ironically, the original plan was for the series to make it revolve around the wedding (fortunately, the creators of the series and Joel Robert Cochran realized that the format was more suitable for a thriller plot), which is probably the reason, through which we get the first glimpse of the hero offers a fun atmosphere: looking very relaxed, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) is enjoying a game of chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and, minutes later, being tender with Terry (Leslie Hope), wife with which he had just made it up. As in The Sopranos, though, something unexpected and shocking just around the corner, not only Kim got out of her room, and Jack receives a phone call, urging him to start work immediately. At midnight? I'm afraid so: Bauer CTU agent (Terrorist counter Unit), and his boss has got reliable Intel about a possible contact with the life of David Palmer (Heysbert), African-American presidential candidate, who will be in Los Angeles for the day (about yes, I almost forgot: the events take place in California, the day of the Presidential Primary). There is no time to doze off, then Jack should spend the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, it tends to ignore the protocol, and that does not sit well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), slimy man card, which has been asked to interfere with the operation. <br /> <br /> The plot is very dense, making it difficult to recommend the show for those who are a short attention span, but who are willing to look, he will be awarded instantly: writing sharp and clear, attention to detail and unsurpassed unknown sequence sky. high, mainly due to the real-time fraud, which significantly increases the level of adrenaline <br /> <br /> Another great quality of the pilot's characteristics: the majority of genre show (sci-fi thriller, and), as a rule, simply enter the key players and then identify them later (the CSI is a textbook example, where the character development is minimal, but then again, that corresponds to a unique style of the show), while the debut of the series 24 offers a rich set of fully rounded people, including Jack (the best part of Sutherland - ever!) and Palmer (re cial opening of the show) stands out as a well described after one episode only (the former is divided between work and family, reckless, but humane, honorable and endowed with the latest high integrity). A pair of supporting parts on the border of the stereotype (Mason and Tony Almeida in particular), but two factors should be taken into account: a) it is the first episode; b) there is so much going on most of the audience did not even complain about the "lack" or two. After all, how many network management software, to start with the plot, the missing teenager and a huge explosion - and still equally satisfies the material for the rest of the season <br /> <br /> Tick, Tock, tick, Tock .. .
