From these observations here in front of my, I basically agree with Edyarb years. Story and the script, apparently, has the potential to be funny, but at the management in some places, it is not possible elsewhere. You can see them wanting to make a joke, but no one in the audience laughed. (Also Edyarb agree with the views of the end credits: leave this normal or do it cool, but not what they do now.) <br /> <br /> Well, that gives a more negative feelings than what I was actually watching the movie. I enjoyed it; it was a pleasant entertainment for the night and certainly did not feel like a waste of money to get a ticket. The best jokes are the ones that go a little beyond the expected and are mature enough, Luke Wilson character Matt asks super chick «P * NIs or bed?" When she told him that she "get his new" after a wild night in bed, eventually break the bed and leaving Matt sore. <br /> <br /> I can not, however, agree with bgs1614, who says that the film could earn «R» rating - there was absolutely nothing in the film, in order to justify it. Some sexual acts so, but nothing obvious, but with a sense of humor, and nudity at all. (Maybe it was the fact that the previous screening showed more ...?) I would like to compare it with the last two films, I went to see without any expectations whatsoever: Superman Returns and click. I did not expect anything from either of them - I was a big fan of the original films and Superman Trailer Click showed it as a potentially chauvinistic (which I would not oppose) the film. Superman surprised me actually having me feel good (ants!) On the observation of his first feat, as we see a long-lost friend and feel happy about it. But for the rest of the story I would like to see My Super Ex-Girlfriend, at least, it offers a few surprises. Press again was a complete surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes from being a really great movie. The jokes are also working much better than ex-girlfriend as a prankster and more advanced ones. <br /> <br /> In any case, the only reason I have compared these three films is that they are the last three I »saw for a very short period of time, and because I went to all this is mainly because any expectations at all. I would rate their Press, Girlfriend, Superman.
