On paper it looked like a great concept: The average guy on the rebound date tightly bookish museum curator who is really hot superhero, saving the world on a regular basis. However, the director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne (from "The Simpsons") almost fatally miscalculate is your hero G-Girl (played by hitting Mind Thurman) come off as a total nut job as both a superhero and the mystery of the person person Jenny Johnson. Cinema even the cops on this in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after his escape with the help of G-Girl of the Statue of Liberty. Jenny curiously asks Matt, that was like the G-Girl. Matt replies, "She's kind of nutty ??" I think the intention was to have Jenny (Thurman) is this lonely young woman who does not have anyone in your life, isolated on its great physical strength. Thurman doing the best she could, but her mood swings Jenny monstrous dire need of Prozac. Luke Wilson is too fresh in turn superhero role-playing boyfriend and girlfriend. <br /> <br /> «My Super Ex-Girlfriend» is also the victim of a bad time, coming on the tail of "Superman Returns," which plays a superhero straight up, so to speak. With all its strange and inconsistent letter I still thought that «My Super Ex-Girlfriend» was a funny and enjoyed the movie. Given that it is a film, Ivan Reitman, it could be much better. Reitman starts with a great premise, and indeed squanders it. Firstly, we all love a hero. Here neither Jenny nor G-Girl is really all that pretty. It's amazing to Uma Thurman, who is usually a charismatic and powerful presence. At the beginning of her Jenny / G-Girl is simply amazing. Shocking. Because, if there is a woman who can play superhero, she Thurman ?? She looks great. Just before the end makes it Jenny becomes more responsive, and not a caricature. Although «My Super Ex» is not a straight superhero story and the romantic comedy of its kind, it does not ensure that every superhero mythology requires ?? large super villain. Here we have Professor Bedlam aka Barry (Izzard), which is actually a lightweight evil. He's not Lex Luthor. No plans for global domination. Noise and Barry does hold a grudge against G-Girl, and as expected, this is due to their common past. Surprisingly, you do not know, who would you rather spend time with ?? Orgy or G-Girl? Matt Luke Wilson just "some dude", which takes place on a hook with psycho superhero. One of the annoying things that he does, he checks his lousy loser friend Vaughn (Rhine Wilson makes a bad exhausted VSD). Wilson plays sometimes it's a bit too tight, and it spreads its lovely charm. It is, however, work in the comic scenes of sex with Jenny. Matt while dating Jenny / G-Girl realizes that he is in love with his co-worker Hannah (perky Anna Faris). So how do you break from Matt G-Girl? Well, it's not pretty and mostly cheerful. <br /> <br /> The dramatic movies superhero work. Romantic comedy with chemistry work. What may be inherently difficult Superhero satires under the guise of romantic comedies. Everyone loves a hero. However, the hero of a nut job? Maybe not. With all the talent Uma Thurman, she is unable to do so convincingly. And it does not get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive plot their disadvantages. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is a fun and funny. Although with all the participants, the film would have a super.
