Firstly, it's a great series, even though we have some kind of effect is James Bond. What I mean is that while the new Casino Royale takes place in 2006, it is chronologically the first 007 adventure, Dr. lot of (1962) is the second, while in a Golden Eye, the first film with Pierce Brosnan, Judi Dench is called as the new replacement for the male "M", as it could be in place at the beginning, before Bond was the double 0, except that it obviously 14 years older? This is more or less "poetic" license to thrill. We need to turn your head to the side a little, if we want to be entertained. No, the new Star Trek film has any of the primitive electronics original series of almost half a century ago. In the 1960s communicators were fantasies. (Now we call them mobile phones) and were moving levers instead of buttons. OMG, do you think that 400 years from now, they have perfected the Rogaine for Jean-Luc Picard? So please, let's give the producers some leeway. <br /> <br /> But to try to make things a little consistent, let's just think about the creation of the Cylons only 60 years before the end of Battlestar Galactica. If so, then where are all the Cylons, who inhabited the original land come from? We know that the technology exists for spontaneous leaps through space. Well, what happened when one of the ships of the Cyclone in the war with a fleet of Caprica was shot and there was a sun spot or something and one ship loaded with Cylon man who looks wound up not just jumping through space, but through time, a thousand or ten thousand back years from the crippled ship-Earth One. They colonized, we have learned that they could settle it, and eventually destroyed themselves, but not before they were sent "rabble" fleet to search for the legendary Caprica, only to find habitable but uninhabited planet they colonized to become men which eventually invented the Cylons. The paradox of time? Of course. Which came first, the chicken or the road? What is the difference? It fraking entertainment!
