It all starts with a suicide. Or is it a car accident? I think it all depends on whether you choose to start at the beginning or at the end. Director Muccino makes it possible to introduce his new film Seven pounds, depending on how you prefer, it starts at the end and work your way back to the beginning, showing us the course of events that led us to this heart-rending 911 call. This is one powerful film; maybe it's because I'm the rag when it comes to this kind of drama, dripping with weighty moments and overcrowded devastating performances, but anyway, the film works best when it really concerns me when it lingers in the back of the I head an hour after leaving the theater. And it is from the team that brought us the overpriced, juicy, and not all of that redemptive pursuit of happiness, so I'll just say, my expectation was for the most stringent of great disappointment. With all that, though I was seven pounds from the opening of the frame all the way until the rolling credits. Even if you find out that Will Smith's character makes that a secret mission he was trying to accomplish, is the way in which he performs his penance that shines brightly and leaves you with a smile full of tears at the end. <, Br /> <br /> Our entry point is a little rattle, leaving us faulty trying to figure out what's going on. Thomas Smith has lists of names, one of the people we do not know, and one of the people, it seems that it is trying to follow and audit. Work with the IRS allows him access to these strangers a glimpse into their lives, in order to see whether they are worthy of a gift he has the power to give them ?? a gift that can completely change your circumstances. He calls his old childhood friend (Barry Pepper), and reminds him to do what he had promised, no second-guessing his decision, because it does not change his mind. Even as small as a Pepper, you can not help but feel full of grief held in the air in the background, is hanging over the head of each. This is his character, we see could be up to three times that actually includes an initial level of emotion treated with. His failures, whether it is tear-stained and or head to the convulsions of the hands show the connection between these two men, there is one that stands the test of time and under any circumstances to come your way. <br /> <br /> After this call, begins a journey to meet new people. Thomas on some mission to help ease the financial troubles of a terminally ill people, trying to stay afloat, despite the heavy burden of medical bills and survive. This progression takes many twists and turns, from the "blind, vegan, meat of a Salesman," which he swears to see if he could get it to explode; in phase two of the donor heart patient need to not be able to print their own line permanently, or even work with her specialty Duke; abused and frightened Latino mother of two, too scared to leave her boyfriend; dying hockey coach who instills confidence in the murdered youth; for a little boy in need of a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with the pain and the inevitable future with a predisposition of hope and desire to take care of every day, and there are those who try to beat him to cut corners and spend all your money at the expense of those who need to go out in style. Why is it to Thomas weed through the mixture, and to find those who deserve it "gift" is not known in the first, and why this man, seen in retrospect as an aeronautical engineer with a beautiful wife and a huge beach house, is now living in a motel, driving a beat-up car, going door to door to conduct an audit for the IRS. According to him, though, "he kind of stumbled on the job." <br /> <br /> searching for Smith, Thomas is long and painful, tempered with moments of clarity and honest sympathy. As a person with the means to help, he takes his job seriously, striking people unworthy and testing of those he considers worthy of the highest degree. If it means that he has to yell and make fun of them, he has to do it. At every step, though, you see the suffering in his eyes, the pain eating away at his soul, taking every step towards his destiny, one as holy redemption, not only for those who want to help, but for themselves as well also an award worthy performance, and I just want to Smith will do more drama, as it rather than its blockbuster summer action tentpoles, because, while they have fun, this guy is too good for them. Man is better to win an Oscar before he did, or will it be a parody ?? at least in my mind. <br /> <br /> rest of the cast through the star side. Woody Harrelson as a blind vendor is perfect handicap of hell with the joy of life. His shy smile and faith in humanity comes across everywhere, whether on the phone while at shouting, sitting in a diner eating your cake, or the piano in the park, playing in all who will listen. Elpidio Carrillo as the abused mother is fantastic, featuring a hard transition from vanity to scared to completely overloaded the kindness of strangers, allowing her family to finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson light, as "once" hot young woman, beaten and broken a long stay in the hospital, all but refused to live life, to find love and happiness. This introduction of Thomas Smith that opens his eyes again, to be a woman, a free-spirited sexual being, which can only live without fear of wondering what the day would be her last.
