Seven pounds, it was a movie where I was just sure, Will Smith is really going for "I'm going to make you cry" movies. One thing I can give him a ton of credit for a person can cry. My only thing is, as a movement, as a story, Will Smith has proved again and again that he can act, why it takes this very depressing story? Nevertheless, it's still a good film. I have to admit that it made me cry, but I felt that the cost performance was Rosario Dawson, I really like this girl, since, as I have seen it in the 25th hour with Ed Norton, I knew this girl It will go far. She is a beautiful, charming, funny and talented, can not wait to see how much further her career will go. But she and Will Smith, not sure if they had a great chemistry that the film needed that would make it a great film. <br /> <br /> Two years ago, Tim Thomas was in a car accident, which was caused by him using his mobile phone; Seven people died: six strangers and his fiancée. A year after the accident, and leaving his job as an aeronautical engineer, Tim donates a lung lobe to his brother, Ben, the IRS employee. Six months later he donates part of his liver child services worker named Holly. After that, he begins to search for the other candidates to receive a donation. He said George, a junior hockey coach, and donates a kidney to him, and then donates bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before his death, he contacts Holly and asks if she knows anyone who deserves help. She says Kony TEPOs who lives with another offensive. Tim comes out of his house and into a local motel taking with him his pet box jellyfish. One night, after being beaten, Horses contacts Tim and he gives her the keys and deed to his beach house. She takes her two children and moved to their new home. Stealing the powers of his brother, and make yourself known by the name of his brother Ben, he checks the candidates for his two recent donations. First Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian meat salesman who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and holds him at work to check if he is quick to anger. Ezra remains calm and Tim decides he is worthy. He then contacts Emily Posa, self-postcard printer that has a heart condition and a rare blood type. He spends time with her, weeding her garden and fixing her rare Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with her and decides that as her condition worsened, he has to make his donation. <br /> <br /> Seven Pounds good movie, no doubt, is worth a look, I just recommend to go to the rental against the theater. Will Smith pulls in a good performance, but not the best, but most of the film demanded of him crying in every scene, but the last one with him is a Doozy. But I loved the ending, it was beautiful and really made you appreciate life and not take it for granted. There are still good people in this world and the character of Ben reminds you to appreciate life and to give those who are in dire need. Despite the fact that he went a bit far, but it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
