I highly recommend this film to any music fan who was dying to see the musical make an accurate transition from stage to screen. Of course, it's long, but its length is a sign of how true to the original musical scenario of the film. Sets and cast really make Sweet Apple, Ohio, the place to be. Fosse protégé Ann Reinking also does an excellent job with the choreography giving dance a beautiful little town, period feel. <br /> <br /> Casting at first glance it may seem strange, but they are in fact qute amazing (read «annonymous« comments "s on the implementation of Jason Alexander made me sick). In fact, it literally dwarfs perforamnce. As Albert, he mixes his own unique blend of manic nervousness with Van Dyke-esque charm to create a new and improved Albert. The fact that he can sing and dance, as a business doeesn't no hurt. George Wendt another stand, which improves the double Paul Lind Harry McAffe, making it less maniacally and more down to earth and rigorous. His whole character and body language screaming "over my dead body." Marc Kudish takes aspect of Elvis Conrad Birdie to new heights with its fine insert "thank you very much" in "Honestly Sincere." His physicality, though returns us younger Elvis then inflated, stubly Conrad original film. The fact that this film is different because much of the original film (which is added is shown in Happpy faces turtle speed and Russian ballet !!!) that made any melt has to do with the Bye, Bye Birdie, I wonder? the only possible advantage of the original version has over the Ann-Margret. in otherwise, the update will be better in every way possible. Where the old version cut a lot of songs and an increase in the dance breaks Nwhere was not any need for them (and for all intents and purposes, ran the film in the middle of the game), the new version has restored the original score and added some great new material, and (a "giant step" is a standout in this category). We know that we live in difficult times, but if you want to get your mind off your troubles and put on a happy face, this one is worth checking out.
