This film is one of the best shorts I've ever seen - and I make it a point to be at all the major festivals, I've seen a lot, especially that the industry considers "the best." I am not a supporter of Monaghan. Its effect is, as a rule, tend to be overdone and uninteresting to me, it is only a decent performance while on Lost, so I usually try to avoid his films. However, I happen to see it at the festival a few years ago and was completely in awe. This director knows exactly what she's doing. Of course, you're going to get the trolls (or ignorant) who do not understand what constitutes a good movie and rip at a low budget work, because they do not have the slightest idea what went into it. But, fortunately, from what I have seen, they are in the minority when it comes to this gem. <br /> <br /> Let's not deny that the film works not in the budget, and that it is time to support the actors could still use work, because this is certainly true. The cost of production is very low, but what you can look forward to the first real movie from someone still in high school? Imagine for a moment that the budget does not matter. If you take a bit of acting, the sound quality (which in fact was not the director of wine, I saw it at the festival, and the sound was good ... I guarantee someone made a DVD fucked himself), and the fact that he was shot on mini -DV, what you're left with? The history, the visual composition of the film and the soul, which, undoubtedly, are flawless. <br /> <br /> Nanavati can tell a story. That is clear. She can write substances heavy, involving scenarios better than most people in Hollywood, to create a shot list, which perfectly complements the story and bring it to life in a fun, creative way that, if it were above budget, may win the award . Give him more experienced actors, better sound post-production, and 35 mm instead of the mini-DV and even trolls could not complain. This girl is incredible, and bearing in mind that Insomniac good few years ago was done, she has done some amazing work ever since. Trailer for Dreams angel shows that, and I can not wait to see a higher budget material it is made. 9/10 stars, this is one hell of a movie from one hell filmmaker.
