Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is a CIA assassin. He ordered to go to Turaquistan country, a nation, the United States has "released" to kill a businessman named Sharif. This happens because the American conglomerate, Tamerlane, which puts the country "together" will not stand for Shariff oil man from a neighboring state sets its own pipeline through war-torn Turquistan. But, once there, the brand is facing difficulties. First, he meets a determined journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei), who wants to tell the American public "real" history of the conflict in the region ... and Tamerlane. But Brand stunned to see that beautiful face Natalie and sharp mind instantly and unconsciously causes him to lose focus on their mission. In addition, the lid as show host makes him meet the pop princess sing country, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who is married for the conference center. She is a young diva whose wedding arrangements also note Brand of the upcoming murder. On the other inept henchmen and complications, it will mark to be able to carry out their mission, to meet the big boss of Tamerlane, the former Vice-President (Aykroyd)? Good for you, John Cusack, to make this film, even if it does not quite hang together. Filmed in Serbia, it's a decent view of the fact that modern Iraq is to be as a country turned upside-down. The pet shine, green zone, here called the "Emerald City" and just for these neighborhoods Oz similar attempts to avoid the devastating effects of the war going on in other places in the capital. The cast is very good, with Cusack does a good job, and the Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others support it in style. Duff, particularly, makes the most of all, how much pressure, made up, the pot mouth singer. The resumption of the war is imbued Baghdad is so real that it hurts, and the costumes and other production values ​​are top-notch. As for the script, it is not always united, but it certainly has some huge dialogue and scene. For example, a young boy offers to show Turaqui Mark enemy warehouse in exchange for money and candy. The brand produces cash, but since he has no candy, the boy lit his car anyway. Brilliant! At the same time, the direction is not a complete success, but not far behind too often. No, if you have conservative leanings, you probably will not like this film a bit. But, if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical look at the "war on terror" is a pretty good show. Therefore, make an effort to view it, you will support those filmmakers who prefer to films far from the old studio "formulas".
