On this July 4th weekend is good to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence is alive and well in the film "War, Inc.» Just as our founding fathers gave back some of its collective arms to King George III of, this film exposes in a fun manner craven combat speculation in the current crop of capitalist creeps who intend to privatize government impropriety, to include most privatized war. <br /> <br /> Starring in this satire is absolutely shines. John Cusack great as a fun, conflict corporate killers, and the beautiful Marisa Tomei beautiful as his love interest. (My gosh, "George Costanza» was right. Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But it is John's sister Joan Cusack, who really steals the film. Her image with the powerful, but at the same time flattering, personal assistant is invaluable, and more than once I could not help but laugh at the light of its implementation. It not only has fantastic comic moment, her face as clearly as one could wish for in an actor. Aykroyd also has a short, but very effective, a cameo in the film as the head of a company operating in the war, Tamerlane Corporation. Sitting on the "throne" with his pants down around his ankles, Ackroyd even looks like ass clown who currently occupies one of the thrones of our real power. You do not have to think too hard to accept that man. Most of the film was shot in Bulgaria, so we can see so many real military equipment. (You just know that the US military has never cooperated in the creation of a satirical dissection of military spec.) I especially liked the character of "Omar Sharif", as played by the Bulgarian actor Lyubomir What. In one scene in which he is on the floor with Marisa Tomei he has several lines that could be summed up our whole attitude of foreign policy in respect of foreign leaders, we set - and removal -. Power <br /> <br /> Of course, this film will not appeal to everyone. If you think that on an ongoing basis the privatization of our foreign policy, military, collection and analysis of intelligence, prison and penitentiary system, public health, and many other public services, is a good thing, you can not find a lot to like in this film. If you think, however, that the destruction of the people and the country to add to your bottom line of a corporation abomination I think you'll find much to appreciate in this film. Nothing could be more in keeping with the spirit of independence that honored Heaping ridicule the corrupt authorities.
