The plot of this film can not be extraordinary, but what makes the film truly special are its characters (and the actors playing them ?? of course!). I will not go into the details of the plot of the film, but I would certainly like to say that this is ?? This film is not only for all! The film is really witty, and you have to be equally clever enough to get all the satire. If you do not warn for even a second, you'll probably end up missing one of the finer points. Film captivity such seemingly trivial, but witty things - like announcements of events that are happening in the background in Turaqistan, ads on tankers (which I almost missed), and is what makes the film fun around <br /> < . br /> Turning to actors John Cusack was very effectively play its multifaceted role (that it is a co-author and producer, too), and he plays a character ?? Hauser, with the heart of a killer ?? exquisitely. Cusack has made this kind of role before in Gross Pointe Blank, but his comic placement in the movie just fine. <br /> <br /> However, the actress, who steals the show all Hilary Duff! I've always been a big fan of Duff Ms. But to be honest, I was a little disappointed when I heard about what role she plays in the film. But after watching the film gave way to disappointment a lot of respect for her as an actor. Let's face it! growing baby, but it is her talent! All these critics, shouted themselves hoarse that Hillary can not act, be silent for a while. Hillary had to play a very complex character ?? tough on the outside, yet sweet baby on the inside ?? and she did full justice to it. It makes you laugh and it makes you cry ?? to cut a long story short (because I could go on raving about it ever) she BRILLIANT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack did a good job too. Especially hysterical Joan is lush! However, I was very disappointed with Ben Kingsley wasted in a small role, and his work seemed dull. <br /> <br /> In general, War, Inc. It keeps you in suspense throughout with intelligent humor, and ends with just the right amount of twists in the plot. I highly recommend this film to all (and more fans Hilary Duff) !!! PS - I am very happy to hear the movie is going to break out of its limited release in other places and release in the near future !!!
