the first film in Joshua Seftel - satire of memorable proportions - it's about the same as the name implies: corporate influence on the war <br /> <br /> The film is about a mercenary (John Cusack), a trip to Turaqistan (not a real country, FYI. ) to help the uS government to "get your message across" Turaqistan leader. He meets a reporter (Marisa Tomei), and we all know that this will be followed with a single man + hot reporter. Somewhere in the mix, pop star named Yonica Babyyeah throw. As Yonica marries one of Turaquistan most important people in (the son of the president), with podagovor . Tvaraetstsa where mercenary should watch this star, well, a few film starts with a single Cusack in the bar; no more than fifteen seconds, the film does not catch you with his amusing and intriguing understanding to combat terrorism and politics, running time of the film. It blows you. The film has a lot more action than I expected, sometimes with scenes of war and choreographed fights and only sporadic murder scenes. Although the story is not very deep, easy all this makes the perfect movie for the average person and of both film critics. <br /> <br /> In the final act of the film, its simplicity all the turns are very hostile and mixed. I thought it was done very well, but others may disagree, and I could understand why. Twist after twist, the ending is all about, as well as most of the films, it is true, the situation is hit / miss. Despite this, the three writers of the film (Mark liner, Jeremy Paykzer and John Cusack) has done a fantastic job of creating a realistic and entertaining satire on the current situation abroad. <br /> <br /> Joshua Seftel does an excellent job fears film integrity; Sun reducing material is the most redundant films (which I was afraid would happen). Seftel created the film as well as could be: he created a vibrant atmosphere, one that simultaneously analyzes the harsh reality and cartoon falsity; - contrasting them great - just as the film feel as if you were watching it. Seftel really gets you involved in all the activities, and it pays off completely. Quite a few missteps here. Let's hope that he takes over the director's work, because he is one to look out for the director.
