Durbin, then 14, and only under a contract with the MGM, made a short feature in 1936, which is paired with her Judy Garland, a year younger, in the first film for both of them. Louis B. Mayer, decided that he did not have two competing young singers put their bet on Garland and Durbin let go. Universal immediately signed Durbin, rushed her to three smart girls and rewrote the script to pump part. It by the latter, but with the printed equivalent of neon lights around her name. Universal was convinced Durbin would be broken, and they were right. Three Smart Girls less musical and more screwball comedy, and Durbin, 15 when the film was released, wear it with aplomb. She Penny Craig, and she and her older sister, Joan, and Kay, are determined to save his father, who divorced his mother, from the clutches of an elegant gold digger with a rigid mother. They talk their way out of Switzerland, where they live in New York, where their father lived. They plan to destroy not only the wedding of his father, but to combine their father and mother, that after ten years apart still loves the guy. There is any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in her warm, luscious soprano? No. There is any doubt she will ... Kay and Joan find love and marriage material along the way? No, again. Years later, Durbin was quoted as saying that she could not continue to play a little Miss Fixit forever. She was right, of course, but in three smart girls, her first feature film, it has little Miss Fixit down pat. Durbin funny, determined, resourceful, energetic and all things natural. Her face is so real, that makes this comedy - a mixture of farce, confusion, good intentions and fun greed - fully punished. <br /> <br /> Durbin carries the film with ease. It's really fun to watch her for himself against the likes of Binnie Barnes, Donna Lyon, a woman with her hooks into a rich father of Penny, played by Charles Uinninger, who was no slouch in the theft of a scene, either. Alice Brady, who played dithering matron in My Man Godfrey, played mother Donna Lion, which has more gold miners than her daughter. Last of experienced farceurs Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stewart, who through fun and contrived confusion mistaken for Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three smart girls hold up well as lightweight and amusing comedy of manners and mix- ups. Just Durbin as a brand new star that with its huge success saved Universal's bacon.
