I am surprised that the comments from the posters, saying that Jane Powell made the same type of Durbin films made. Despite the fact that they were both young soprano, whose image has been processed the film, Joe Pasternak, if this film is any indication, they were almost diametrically opposed. <br /> <br /> While in THREE SMART GIRLS, Durbin plays impulsive «Little Miss Fixit», which, after some setbacks, it is possible to combine her divorced father, his field-remake, THREE daring daughter Jane Powell almost destroys the marriage between her screen mother Jeanette MacDonald and new stepfather Jose Icherbi if she refuses to accept it and the strong hands of her younger brothers and sisters in rejecting it, too. From films Durbin and Powell, I have seen, I would say that this is something that can not be quality permeates the early films of both of these talented young performers. <br /> <br /> As for Durbin performance THREE SMART GIRLS, I find it quite winning and most impressive. While it is clear from her sometimes shrill and over-expressive lines read in some of the more energetic scenes, it's earlier film for Deanna, watching confidence, knowing, and naturally effervescent manner in which it provides its line and performs as a whole and subdued and gentle manner it projects a more serious stage, you'd never guess that it was the first role in a movie with a 14-year-old girl, whose professional experience to consist almost exclusively of two years of vocal training. <br /> <br /> Given that this film, and she Durbin, was widely publicized at the time as "the last chance to Universal's" production must have been an incredibly stressful situation for the film beginner of any age, but you never do I know that with ease and confidence Durbin displayed. Despite the fact that she is still clearly developing her style of acting and behavior of the camera (this is equally true of the early performances are much more experienced peers, like Garland, Runite, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin unusual projects presence and warmth to the camera, is absolutely unique for her, and even here in her first film, she manages to remain very attractive, despite the often violent nature of her impulsiveness, and, although she sometimes poignant, she never for a moment Coy projects and macaws GOVERNMENTAL as many children suffering from stars including Jane Powell and several other young soprano, who followed in the wake of its success. <br /> <br /> In short, like all great singing star, Durbin was much more than just a "beautiful voice". On the other hand, while the pure lyric soprano Durbin is really lovely and nice tool the most excellent about it, I was just as it is able to project their songs, without any affectation or «grandnes», that afflict adults singing opera singers Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in the film during the <br /> < br /> The film is also fine, under the strong influence of eccentric comedy, it supports Durbin recalculated with allowance nym de -la-cream with a first-class eccentric pros such as Charles Uinninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. History is easy and interesting. However, it is hardly "realistic", but why would anyone expect it to be if you want to:?. "realistic" rent Grapes of Wrath or the Triumph of the will, on the other hand, if you are looking for a real, sweet, funny, and entertaining family comedy with an amazing, charismatic and talented teenager "lead" and the amazing support players, this film does not fail.
