"Twelve Monkeys" odd and disturbing, but being so smart and intelligent at the same time. He deftly jumps between the future and the past, and the story it tells about a man named James Cole, a convict who goes back in time to collect the information on a man-made virus that wiped out five billion human population on the planet back in 1996 for the first Cole is sent back 1990 accident and unfortunately, it is delivered in a psychiatric hospital, where he tries to explain its purpose and where it meets the psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly, who tries to help he and the patient by the name of Jeffrey Goines, mad son of a famous scientist. Being provocative and something like that is reasonable when dealing with and between reason and madness, the film is definitely a masterpiece in the history of science fiction films. <br /> <br /> history is fantastic. It's so original and so interesting. The script itself was written by David and Jeanne peoples inspired by the movie called «La Jetée» (1962), which I have not seen, but I have to thank the director and writer of the film, Chris Marker, for such an inspiration for the authors of "Twelve Monkeys." I've read a little about «La Jetée», it's not the same story, but it has the same idea, so it's not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have made this great inspiration modernized story that tells about the urgent need for people to find a solution for the maintenance of human existence, and it makes it so beautiful and realistic, that is a guaranteed thrill ride from start to finish. The music used in the film is odd and somehow so funny and amusing it is not very suitable, as long as you do not get it exactly, and when you do you realize that it is so compelling, composed by Paul Buckmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, which we remember with Monty Python, as the director of the film was a real surprise for me, because I actually never thought that it as the type of person the director. I know that he directed a movie before, but I really could not believe that he could do something this great. This should not come as a surprise, though, as he is doing a terrific job. You can still feel that same weirdness in Python, but pretty much flawless directing for me, although the odd way of describing it also makes some strange scenes disturbing. Yes, it's really weird, weird, weird and disturbing because it also makes the film a bit heavy too, so weak-minded viewers will likely be difficult to watch the movie all the way through. It's not as hard as you can imagine, but it is only my, these are certain things in their own goals sometimes appear serious enough to watch. Despite this, the film keeps it pure intellect within him and through memories, dreams, jumping between past and future, he confuses the whole story in a very reasonable way, and it does not even make a dirty story in any part, even though it needs concentration from the viewer in the end. <br /> <br /> As for the action, and the film did not even make a mistake there. Cole played the role of James Bruce Willis powerful, which probably makes it the best performance of the role is still to this day. Now, people may disagree with me, as he did some remarkable work, for example, in «The Sixth Sense", as well, but for me the role of James Cole was so perfect for Willis, and he does it very well. Character is very well written, too, but it runs better. Cole begins to question its existence, and it has to do with themselves, begins to doubt his actual time of life, trying to survive and find an important missing piece of the puzzle. The difficulties he begins to lose his faith, doubt whether he could even trust yourself and believe. Other performances worth mentioning the role of speech Stowe and Brad Pitt. Stowe plays the role of Catherine Railly, psychiatrist James Cole, who sees something strangely familiar Cole and decides to help him cope with his madness. She is beginning to believe the history of Cole, but as a believer, science is trying to find a solution through it and trying to understand the reason when it comes to incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goines and it also makes it one of the best performances of their roles before this time. Mad more cheerful personality character brought Pete even nominated for an Oscar for it, so I guess I'm not praising anything honestly fabulous performance. <br /> <br /> In general, "Twelve Monkeys," is a great experience of science fiction, and it will certainly be recommended for everyone, especially for fans of science fiction. It includes colorful characters and great role performances, especially Willis and Pitt, as well as original and fascinating history that forms the plot, which is so smart and intelligent. However, that has been said it is strange and disturbing, of course, attracts the viewer's attention, making it an interesting and witty. It is also an explosive thriller and has a novel in him, too, so that everything in one package, making it one of the best science fiction films I've ever seen. Through an odd yet stunning vision of Terry Gilliam he manages to keep itself in balance, despite a few rough yet somehow stable ride. It's hard to explain, actually, but that's how it is, it's terrible.
