The story of this movie is really strange. The virus is separated and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing that we know that the animals of the land above, and there are signs everywhere saying, "Twelve Monkeys made it." That's right, the human race had to hide under the ground from the disease, which claimed the lives of more than 500 billion people. Apparently the animals do not contract the disease. Day after day, these scientists try to discover what type of disease was the cause of this; it was established; when nature made it, or just a man, he created him. All they know is that there are plenty of animals running around town on them death began in 1996-1997, and the twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (Or at least that's what the poster says.) Thus, the current prisoner named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as "volunteers" to get some samples from above. After he does his "voluntary" work, he asked to be sent back in time to 1996, to find out what happened to the world. Cole takes the story and Twelve Monkeys start. <br /> <br /> Throughout the history of a time machine gets the date wrong quite a few times since 1990 until some time during the 1950s. (In the middle of the war.) During the whole time travel back and forth, it begins to spoil James in the head, and that twist the story up. The whole story is very well done, and I would give it a high rating if it were not for the ending. I personally do not like the ending of the film, and I was very disappointed. I just expected more to explain the end of what was going to happen, but it is not everyone who thinks this way. So I gave it an 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as I do, I'd give it a 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> During the whole of the film, I give her A +. Bruce Willis is perfect for this role, and it works well, but Brad Pitt is completely 100% perfectly. Its effect is so great that he gets into the character so well. I never cared about Brad Pitt in until I saw him in this, and Fight Club. There, the characters or the like in the movie, he's just a little more ... mad in this film. So all in all I think this film is totally worth checking out. For most people this is a big sci-fi film, I just do not think it's a masterpiece.
