I usually try to avoid Sci-Fi movies as much as I can, because it's just not a genre that really appeals to me. Light sabers, UFOs, aliens, time travel ... most of the time it is nothing to me. However, there is one film in the genre, I always give a place on my list of best movies, and that is the "Twelve Monkeys," I remember being completely blown away by it the first time, but even now, after he has seen several times, I'm still one of his biggest fans. Every time I see that this film seems to be getting better and better. <br /> <br /> Somewhere in the distant future all people living underground as well as an unknown and deadly virus has wiped out five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1 percent of the population live. James Cole is one of them. He concluded, living in a small cell, and selected as the "volunteers" that will be sent back in time to gather information about the origin of the epidemic. They believe that it was spread a mysterious group called "Twelve Monkeys" and need a virus before it has mutated, so that scientists can study it. But their time in a way the machine is not working fine until he accidentally sent in 1990, where he meets Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goines, the insane son of a famous scientist and virus expert ... <br /> <br /> I like so much about this film is that it is never clear whether all that you see is real or not. Is this just an illusion created in the mind of a mentally ill person, or is it real? Whether it came from the future, and it can really travel through time? Population was really destroyed by a virus, the army released Twelve Monkeys? These are questions that will not leave you are interested, from the beginning to the end. If the makers of this film have been chosen to make more and more obvious, I'm sure that I would never want it as much as I do now. It's just that the mystery that keeps me interested again and again. But this is not the only good thing about this film, of course. Impressive action. I'm usually not too much of a supporter of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this movie is simply amazing. Along with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, he should have won several awards for it, because, along with an amazing history, they made this film work so incredibly well. <br /> <br /> Even after several viewings, I'm still a big fan of this film. for this film Except, I've only seen one other Terry Gilliam film, and it's "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas", which was not bad, but it does not really convince me, too. However, this is the film that really makes me look forward, his other works. I give it a 9/10, perhaps even 9.5 / tenth
