Terry Gilliam and David Peoples' together to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction films in the 90s. People proven scenario with bizarre twists and fantastic views of the nature of time ?? I especially love this idea, no one can change the past; this is a good counterpoint to so much time travel films who say otherwise ?? biological holocaust and the thin line between sanity and madness. Gil visualized their ideas with a unique whimsical, perfection and originality <br /> <br /> The story itself attracted :. One man, James Cole (Bruce Willis played by warming the heart) it takes several decades into the past to get information about the virus that wiped out humanity and left a few survivors still alive, living under the earth: with the information that it collects, scientists hope to find a cure, so it may in the future come back to the surface. But because of their travel, the technology is not perfect, it ends up being sent to various other past and complicated. And from that, brilliant sci-fi thriller with shades of film noir follows several parts of a huge puzzle begin installation together to form a bizarre story with the correct animal activists, the end of the millennium, paranoia, biological weapons, perception of reality, and the definition of sanity. With such a complex movie, it was easy for Gilliam and nations to create a mess, but instead Twelve Monkeys is a reflection story that will delight those who like to be challenged and have the patience to appreciate some crazy ideas . <br /> <br /> I've seen this movie once about 10 years ago. She said I have a lot I still remember thinking about many days after the chambers; for my young mind it seemed quite mind-blowing, and it was one of the first films to make me appreciate the film as something serious and important. Again, I watched this movie a few days ago on DVD, and it was better than I remembered. Brad Pitt still steals every scene he plays Jeffrey Goines ?? almost a prelude to his character Tyler Durden in Fight Club ?? rich kid with some anarchist / non-conformist ideas which are also mad and, according to Cole, may be responsible for the virus. Scenes between Jeffery and Cole in a madhouse are the best in the film, Pitt's eyes, voice and brisk manner to convince you that he is really crazy guy sitting in a perverse logic only he understands. Oscar nominated Pete was well deserved! It was also an amazing performance of Bruce Willis: it I do not remember very well, but it is beautiful and full of sensuality; he plays a man who spent most of their lives underground, and when it comes to the past you divide his childhood fascination with something as simple as breathing fresh air in the morning or watching the sun go up. Cole is quite ambiguous, Peoples' trying to infiltrate some darkness in him, and he makes other disturbing things other people and to himself: the scene where he removes his own teeth shows how far it has gone unchecked dementia. Oddly Cole Sun started out as a crazy character, but when it starts to warn everyone about the end of the world, it is considered wisely, and believe that all in his head, until he comes to the moment when he can not distinguish between the past the future reality from fiction. Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and dangerous, and it works great. One of the fun twists in the story, when the shrinkage Cole, Dr. Katherine Railly, is conclusive proof that he is really from the future, and now once again to convince him in his mission to save the world. Scenario film full of strange twists, as it keeps the film at a fast pace. Their relationship is also good hands, although perhaps a little compressed for time. But I enjoyed watching Cole and Railly fall in love and try to escape from the power of the future, to live a peaceful life in the past. But then it all ends tragically / bitter climax at the airport, pack all the pieces together that will blow many minds away. <br /> <br /> There are two big terminals in this film, in the sense of rotation of Se7en or Fight Club, and the more intimate the end where Railly sneaks next to Cole, who had just been shot and looks around for the young James Cole, who witness his future self to die; two share a quick glance, and she smiles at him. Rotation is brilliant, but I prefer it to the end of the emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe very well playing doctor Railly, she drew a lot of different emotions from me in her performance. The film is filled with a sense of fatalism with the idea of ​​the past can not be changed: the film shows that in a terrible way. It reminds me of Chinatown in the sense Jake Gittes spoils it all up, the more he tries to help. shares Railly character that fatalism, the more she tries to help Cole ?? the first business with his "crazy", then helping him in his mission ?? the more they are absorbed into the tragedy. <br /> <br /> Turn ends optimistically, though, with a sense of mission, Cole was not in vain. Twelve Monkeys is a great movie to see if someone wants to be entertained; it should not be an art, but it's more artists than many feature films. This is a simple film, where all the elements, from music to editing in costume design, etc., together beautifully to make a masterpiece of modern cinema.
