Stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future, have been around for centuries, with the very creation of science fiction as a genre in itself. The fact that modern society is responsible for what might be in the future in the near tomorrow, and that our own abuse and the failure to see that right before your eyes Out in the very center of all these stories, whether they are good or bad. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, of course, is a natural for this kind of film. He gives the film a sense of decadent around, showing unequal society run its own excesses and bringing in a sense of impending tragedy, despite the moments of comedy. His world, a world in which twelve MONKEYS turns out, this is the place where the wild wild, where cities are crumbling in the dirt and neglect, where everything smells of apprehension, despite the luminosity of the opening sequence, where madness lurks around every corner. This is a very dark movie, but it is the best, the most linear (despite the plot twists that keep under examination), and one that gets better with repeated viewing. <br /> <br /> tragic event, in which the deadly virus has been unleashed on humanity in 1996 and thus led to the destruction of life on the planet as we know it leads the scientist of the future to try to make amends to change the fate of mankind on Earth, using renegade citizens - waste Land - as guinea pigs to go back in time, among them the one James Cole (underrated big effect Bruce Willis). Cole could be anyone. We do not know anything about it, but in a sense, it does not matter, because it is nothing more than one of the many volunteers and supplies hints of his character to sneak in later, when it gets closer to its mission . The fact that we know that he is a man who dreams, and its dreams can be a reality: he may have been on the scene in 1996 <br /> <br /> It is this constant feeling of déjà vu that are increasingly It appears throughout the film. When you receive a psychiatric ward by mistake in 1990 he meets Jeffrey ~ d Goines (spastically plays Brad Pitt nominated for here), who is desperate spewing forth to talk about death and destruction, and later Cole believes he saw Goines in its periodic December as a man pushing the boy aside while fleeing ... what? He does not know. Later, he meets psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of her first reactions to it that he's crazy, and that she had seen him before. It becomes what fled concept throughout its participation in the history of the passive / resistance to active and even a bit of a madman who believes that something terrible is going this way, especially when she meets up with him six years she had never seen before Cole . At the same time, Cole continues to talk about his dream, he continues, with which it also plays a role as a blonde woman is running down the aisle, screaming for help after shots rang out, especially the red-haired man in a ponytail (Jeffrey Goines? ), presumably running, not before, pushing the little boy, who is an innocent bystander. The question arises whether these events have happened? They're going to happen? Who is actually a part of it, or even better - it's all down to the smallest player in the Grand Conspiracy? Or is it all a trick in the fabric of time, where time itself is a huge pipeline that shows repetitive fragments of events which slide on over and over again? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in the workshop sequence that includes the main scene of Alfred Hitchcock's masterpiece VERTIGO, where Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton laments his own short life ( "You did not notice," she says Cole Railly and look from the place in the movie theater, they hide in). Excerpts dizziness dialogue form foil dialogue between Railly and Cole, and later, when Cole wakes up on, apparently fell asleep at the theater, and goes in search Railly, he comes face to face with her in disguise (looks almost exactly like Eva Maria Saint of North by Northwest) as swelling value Bernard Herrmann appearance plays Judy Barton dressed as a Madeleine Elster. It is a fascinating sequence, all the more because by the incredible appearance of names of actors in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly who wears a blond wig and a gray trench coat and call themselves "Judy is Simmons," and helping "crazy" man of James Cole, James Stewart plays a detective who is trying to help, "insane" Madeleine Elster, who would later reappear more than once, but twice, first as a brunette Judy Barton and later, Madeleine Action and again enaction. , play and play again.
