Just kidding, I rented 12 Monkeys second day, because I'm a big fan of Bruce Willis, and I heard something about the movie. Some good and bad, but it was one of those movies you had to pay attention to every second, so I was a little concerned. Just because I felt that for a minute, if this is one of those films that I had to watch a few times to get. But I watched it last night and I was really impressed, this movie had everything in it: action, drama, fantasy, story, black humor, and even a little romance. The actors all did an amazing job, I give a lot of credit to Bruce, during his scene in the car with his psychiatrist, he's really got to me. But Brad Pitt, I'm just amazed at how much work he has done. He is nothing more than to make your character that was crazy, and just did his work and was very believable. The story was just terrible, but very good, and a wake up call. <br /> <br /> James Cole is a man of the future, where the virus that began in the past and scored 5 billion people, and only 1% of the population survived, including his. Pets now run above ground while the people at the bottom, but the scientists to send James to the past in 1990 (in fact, this means to send it in '96) to learn about the virus information. James gets put in a psychiatric hospital met his new psychiatrist, Dr. Katherine Riley and other mental patient Jeffrey Goines. He tells them about the future, of course, no one believes him, and he returns to the future. But scientists send it back to the correct year, where the doctor is kidnapped by James, but he tells her more, and believe him. Now they are set on how to prevent the virus from ever happening. <br /> <br /> 12 Monkeys was an incredible movie. As I said, the story was so terrible, simply because it is not hard to believe that we are not far from the case. But the whole movie was just fine cast, sets, only the whole picture was great. It was the type of terminator feelings for him, where we could lose something valuable one day, myself, if we do not listen to others. What is right and what is wrong? Who knows? But I highly recommend the 12 Monkeys, this is a great movie if you give it a proper chance, I'm sure you will enjoy. <br /> <br /> 9/10
