Intriguingly bold film weaves a seemingly light filming with a higher casting and blasting the soundtrack to the plot of the harmful effects of crime and corruption in the underworld Santiago 2 naive young brothers from the southern city of Temuco. <br /> <br /> film newcomer Danielle Rios enticing erotic dancer Gracia, working at a nightclub owned by the face of a new mini-wave in the Chilean film, Alejandro three. Older brother, played mature Nestor Cantillana, is easily seen to be a leading protege of three, at the end of the night to celebrate StripClub younger brother (Juan Pablo Miranda) seventeenth birthday Victor. With this discovery establishes shot scenes in the movie explode exploration neo-noir the outside world, as a rule, do not expect to see in this country, so stereotypically conservative and Catholic. <br /> <br /> Grace charms of seduction to attract the three men, like bees to honey, although the circular tale of tripartite fantasy novel revolves around the linear images of major international drug transactions between males and three in the "Gringo", Edward Barry. Power relations have become an important topic as companies merge and outsiders in a mini-family. Prostitute holds exotic spell over all Chilean men in the film, leaving it ambiguous position on the fringes of society, and is seen as holding the key futures of all three men. Relations between three and Cantillana become important as the boys' parents are conspicious their absence (one believes that they are still living in Temuco). Therefore, three, El Padrino, who "takes" Cantillana and effectively "make it" as a person in the city. Miranda is fast becoming desperate outsider, his dependence on his "father», Cantillana, is becoming more and more intense jealousy over the beautiful Grasse. However, Miranda is trapped restrictions are still in school - it depends on Cantillana, which depends on three, for the money to survive. Three, in turn, is under the thumb of "Gringo", and his wealth was accumulated due to drug transactions and its strip clubs. Figure Grass acts as a bomb, is regarded as beautiful fireworks, it wraps the web of beauty inside patriarchy voltage but can only lead to one menopause. <br /> <br /> Since the voltage of the power relations have come to a head, Gracia remains elusive ambiguous. The viewer never knows what kind of a man figure it will take a commitment. The film ends tragically, and exploding in a shootout with which power relations and reviewed and erases half of the main male protanganists. The final shot of beaten face excess Miranda speed down the highway Panamericano is despair powerful. The boy was absorbed in the adaptation of the underworld of the city, but lost his only visible family, and a woman who is his only friend in the film. He has nothing. The primary metaphors bold and brave. This gangster film in Chile. The concept of family, no sex before marriage, etc., are not canceled, and instead of the harsh reality of the other side of the coin Santiago is reflected in all its wild glory. Three beats Rios tough, Rios and Miranda love drum cinema - whore, sex with a minor, she barely knows. The "gringos" seen to have financial power over this small Latin American country, but not through the copper mines by illegal drug path. <br /> <br /> Waissbluth triumph is in his presentation of this dark underworld, that causes so many social issues, more possible than a successful record Sexo Con Amor, within a smooth, even firecrackers film, which place the film firmly together SEXO Con Amor, taxi Para Tres and El chacotero sentimental and cinematic evidence that Chile is well and truly art is alive and well in the post-transition period of 15 years after the military regime of censorship.
