Director / writer Waissbluth Andres worked seven years to complete the two hour movie about the Underground Crime in Santiago, Chile, and perhaps this is one reason why, as a result of the film seems to sporadically and in need of editing. Or, maybe, it is a method director, that shows a great sense of speaking noir <br /> <br /> The two brothers -. Silvio elder (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor Jr. (Juan Pablo Miranda) - Santiago moved from his home in Temuco after the death of their parents and Silvio works to support the education of Victor. On the seventeenth day of the birth of Victor Silvio takes a virgin in the clubs, where he encourages Victor lose his virginity to one of the club clipper / prostitutes. At the tender place Victor has to face his impotence born and Silvio Club Level impressed "owner" with its potential for rental. <br /> <br /> Silvio goes to work on the "gang" as a bodyguard / henchman and makes good money to support training Victor. But Victor my eyes for one of the dancers in a club called Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and begins to court her, dropping out of school, being exposed to the angry disappointment Silvio. Gracia is just squeezing the leader of the gang club Don Pasquale (Alejandro three), which boss Silvio! Grace is the glue that holds the story together, she is the mistress of Victor, Silvio, and Don Pasquale and the consequences of this amazing ménage à trois has deadly results. Again through the eyes tell the story of Victor, Silvio, and Gracia we grow to understand the vulnerabilities and fissures in each character, allowing a fall that results. <br /> <br /> Sound like the Chilean Pulp Fiction? Well, it is and it brutally shot in the colorful, dark way that involves a lot of exposure (male and female) and provocative sexual encounters. But in the end, sensual aspect of the director of vision that makes this film, playing the virginal debutante psyche against hardcore professional sex worker with success. The cast is strong, especially Antonella Rios in the demanding role of Grace. There are a sufficient number of turns and the repetition of incidents do you think that you have understood the first view, but it is a sharp change in shock when told through the eyes of another character. Cross-border for two hours, some judicious editing would have helped the impact of the film. In Spanish with English subtitles. It recommended for those who love the edgy style of film noir and art of South American cinema. grady Harp
