I have not seen this film, probably in 35 years, so when I recently noticed that he had to be on television (cable) again for the first time in a very long time (not available on video), I'm sure I do not I missed it. And unlike many other films that seem to lose their luster when finally seen again, I found that the visual images of the "Pride of the Marines" were as bright and efficient as I first thought. What makes this film so special, anyway? <br /> <br /> All. Based on the true story of Al Schmid and suffering of his fellow marine crew gun at the Battle of Tenaru River on Guadalcanal in November 1942, the scenario is 95% of the correct book on which it was founded, "Al-Schmid, maritime" Roger Butterfield, Var ' iruyuchy just enough to meet the time constraints film type. this is not a typical "war film" where the action is central, and in fact, a war scene is short 10 minutes or so in the middle of the movie. But that memorable 10 minutes, shot in the lowest possible light on display ny battle and stripped of false heroism or false, which usually plagues the genre. In a sense, probably ahead of its time, the natural drama that happened there was more than enough to convey to the viewer the harsh, ugly, tough character fight, and probably shocked the audience when he was seen immediately after the war, this film is not about the "glorification" of war;. I can not imagine anyone seeing that the battle scene and wanting to bring to the office. Not immediately, anyway. <br /> <br /> What is this film is really a consequence of the battle due, and as bad men can learn to again qualify for their lives. There's a beautiful hospital scene where a dozen men to discuss it, and I feel that this is another reason why the film is so so well received - it was very well written. In the same sequence of "dream" made in reverse (negative film), it seems almost experimental, and the effect is strong, also under the direction of John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because of his natural temperament and Schmid were almost the same, and Garfield met Schmid and even lived with him for a while, to see how he could about the man and his role. The actors do a lot more, but added to the equation, it's just one more reason why this film was able to tell such a complex, ugly story.
