In the field of cinema, based off scenarios with any other region (or something of a name for the Oscar), "hole" has the authority. I think it is better to have the author to create a script, because the author is the creator of the material. If the author can not write a script to save his life, that is, the author and someone ran talented in the scenario of its creation. Furthermore, this review of "holes". <br /> <br /> The reason start here and spoiler can be found in. (1) Seyker is a great author and it turns out that he can write the script. I watched a movie and then read the book, and both do not smell inconsistency or nonsense. Some people just have a natural talent who can go the medium. (2) The best performance is to reward Shea LaBeouf to its image as the main character. He is "digging" in a role. I would like to see his character proved the conclusion. (3) In order to inflate a little suspense, Andrew Davies has been delivered. This is a man who made Harrison Ford to run and run fast. It can also make Steven Seagal break a few heads. As for this film, he made a Shiite, and the rest of the boys to dig a few holes. In other words, it can make a "futuristic" film and do it well, even if the "action" is not the main genre is not "action". (4) May the second performance of the favorite goes to Jon Voight as Mr. President. Sometimes the role of Guy brings the best in the title. If Voight said the line "One day ..." I laughed for half a minute, because it was so funny. It is capable of comedy and he has to explore a few more roles that allow him to exercise this talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very hard when it gets hard scenario. This is perhaps the second best role I've seen him (second only to 'O Brother Where Art Thou?). (6) I love the choice of settings for the movie. I did not know, California, that dry or barren. I believe that the population and land area, and the numbers can be misleading. (7) A general view of the film, I wanted another bottle of water. One can only imagine digging a hole in this barren area for half a day. (8) The rest of the cast should deserve box KUDOS bars as well. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Cleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and other accounts were tapped because of their talents and gelled very well. Large throw, even if it was anywhere near the band. (9) Like a movie that does not explain anything right. When Stanley got clocked in the head with these baseball shoes, it made me want to see how strange that the event could get, and that is a key element in making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) need to do a few more such movies mature minors. It was acceptable to me, and I'm a college student. Last mature juvenile Disney movie I saw was "Something Wicked This Way Comes" and "holes" may exceed it (for example, the elections in 2000, it is still close to call). Disney can make greatness, when they decided to expand the genre and keep the artistry in the form of a cash cow milking, when they see it. Ten reasons to assess ten! <br /> <br /> In general, the "hole" is one of my favorite Disney films and is probably one of the best this year (got this film may not be Oscar material, but who said, Oscar is the best material material?). From the point of view of being a movie from a book that I read, it takes place after the "Fight Club" in my list (which is at the top). In order to be a film that I have seen in 2003, is in the top five (somewhere in "Mystic River"). Compared with the "Harry Potter", Stanley Yelnats easily take a shovel to the head of Harry and brings the final fatal blow to the smelly sneakers to nose Potter. Everyone should see this film, because it is both informs and entertains. Here ends the recitation of May!
