And I'm serious! Truly one of the most fantastic movies that I have ever had the pleasure of watching. What is so great that very rarely does a good book turn in the film, which is not only good, but if possible better than the novel was based. Perhaps in the case of Lord of the Rings and needles, but it is a rare occurrence indeed. But I think that the fact that Seyker involved from the beginning to help the masses, so that the film adheres closely to the story, but takes it a step further. This film has a lot of elements that make it what it is: <br /> <br /> 1. Unique, original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a mature edge. 2. Brilliant actors. Adults and children, so that these actors know how to bring the story to life and deliver their lines with passion and style, without going overboard, as sometimes happens with kids movies. 3. Spectacular scenery. And it does not matter if it is real or CGI, the installation itself is a masterpiece. I especially love the way the holes with a bird's-eye view. 4. The talented director, who breathes life into the book and turns it into a technicolor genius. Transitions during work well and capture steady climax of the book, which rotates around the film. 5. Seyker! The guy who got me to read the book without stopping from start to finish, so I could not put it down. He makes sure that the script sticks to the book, with new bits added to make it even better. 6. And if we talk about the script! In the one-liners in this smart, funny and unpatronising. But there is a part to make you smile, make you cry and tug on your deep, so you enjoy the story more. 7. Excellent soundtrack. There is not a song in the movie that I did not fall on, and that, given that I have to be a punk rocker. Songs link to a story well and add extra jazz to the overall style of the film. If you are going to buy a movie, I recommend you buy the soundtrack, too, especially for the "if only", which focuses around the story and includes choirs from the book. <br /> <br /> I do not work for people who have made the hole, by the way, I'm just a fan, connecting my favorite movie and give it a review that it deserves. If you have not seen it, do it. Now. this is the moment. Go!
