Holes tale about the past and how it affects the current of life, at least three people. One of them I will call, the other two is a mystery and will remain. The hole story of Stanley Yelnats IV. He was unlucky in life. Unsuccessful actually characterize the fate of most men Yelnats was with feats Stanley IV in `no good dirty-rotten-pig-stealing great-grandfather. These special feats cursed family man for many unfortunate turn. It was during just such a turn that we meet Stanley IV. He was accused, falsely, to steal a pair of shoes for baseball, recently donated to the homeless shelter auction, famous baseball player. He made it possible for the prison, or he can go to the building of the camp nature. 'I've never been to camp before, Stanley says. The judge sends him enthusiastically at Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is an odd place, with the odd philosophy `If you're a bad boy, make him dig a hole every day the hot sun, it turns him into a good boy." We'll find out this little gem of wisdom Sir (Jon Voight), one of the camp counselors'. We get the impression right away that he's a dangerous man. He at least is honest attitude; he does not think that it was good. Guide camp counselor, Mr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson) is a different matter. He plays the role of a caring sensitive counselor, but he quickly, faster than anyone else the power to unleash the toughest verbal studs in his wards. Ward has a distinct capacity for meanness, but other than that it is a mystery. These three rules Camp Green Lake, a place that has no lake. It's just a dry dusty desert filled with holes, five feet deep and five feet wide. His local fauna, it seems only the vultures and dangerous poisonous yellow spotted lizards. Green Lake, it seems, in many ways, ghosts place. <br /> <br /> Holes works, despite the amazing atmosphere and amazing stories, because he understands people. In particular, because he is honest in regard to the prisoners of Camp Green Lake. The film captures the way the boys interact with each other at all. It captures how boys can intimidate each other, they like they can win the admiration of, the way they are fighting with each other, and how the boys come into the union of age lines. It is well the nuances of the kernel, which makes everything else in the film believable. What's refreshing about this film good character of the protagonist. He does not believe in the family curse, he is not bitter ugly actions of his' not good-dirty-rotten-pig stolen-oh-great-grandfather. In fact, he likes to hear the story. Stanley IV is not bitter about the past, and determined not to allow it to affect him as it was reflected in his father and grandfather. There is a lot of time, grief in the movie, but not a lot fall angsty nonsense. And it's refreshing. <br /> <br /> The holes are intelligent, insightful and witty family film. He is entertaining, but not in any way cheap. This is not a comedy, although it has its laughs. He dares to be convincing, where many family movies usually play it safe and probation. As such, it goes beyond the family and a movie delivery is simply a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I give him a 10.
