Gruveyman2 (comment below), you are a complete idiot ... blinded by ignorance in the city you have loyalty. His whining that arrogance that you ironically claiming that the film exudes on the SF that makes you look like a typical LA ** hole! The only reason you felt that the film was so self congratulatory about the SF, because you're jealous. Of course, you do not know, because you're so jaded LA. First of all, the film was completely factual about the beautiful city; that was filmed there and it was filmed some of his most famous locals. He does not say anything bad about Los Angeles; and those committed by the directors prefer to live in the beautiful city of Los Angeles. They recognize that they went to film school in Los Angeles and obviously proud of this fact. They recognize that SF is close to Los Angeles, which is an advantage. The only negative point that has been said, that belongs to Los Angeles, was about studio executives. The same studio executives who hate these guys movies when they first saw them, but then the same films continued to be a huge worldwide box-office hits. So why should not they have enmity towards the creation of the studio system, and executive studio? These are the only people they are trying to "dissociate themselves from" and for obvious reasons! Not so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the "so-called" director of San Francisco? It is not necessary to consider that? Who directed the Godfather? Coppola did. It was his vision that told the story to the screen, who won the best picture prize. So, who gave him a job? He admits that it is in the film, he did not even want to do a movie .... so that your point? So if Sophie wants to live in Los Angeles? And it proves its point of view of both? And tell me how they are not really independent if they finance many of his own films. Films that are considered classics today. And if they made movies from financing studio, one, it was the LA, which came to them and said that we want you to make these pictures, and two, they used the money they made to do these pictures to fund their own. They just say that in the film. <br /> <br /> "Your cynical and self-congratulatory to whine in the air more than self-esteem and credentials, if you never set foot on the ground because you claim to supremacy in this film." <br /> <br /> How the hell "bitchy-ness" and "self-glorification" suddenly have "air" to the self-esteem and credentials .... if they never go to LA again? What a fool and senseless comment! You have inserted a few big words there .... and just do not know how to use them! And by the way, they never claimed or implied, they were superior to Los Angeles! So if they give the guy from New York Award in Los Angeles .... once again, what the hell is your point? So when they go to Los Angeles or New York, they are hypocrites, for just prefer to live in San Francisco? You make no sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is not proud of themselves and of their heritage and the people who make it what it is today. This film is just focus on one aspect ... shooting. For you to take the time and to print such unpleasant comments about the city (not the movie! But the city and its people) only proves that what we northern Californians hate people from Los Angeles! This is a great documentary ... very interesting, especially if you are from BAY AREA ... BUT I recommend it to everyone.
