I went in expecting good Deathtrap orchestration and intriguing thriller; and while that's kind of what this movie; I also can not help but think that this is just a poor man's detective. The classic 1972 film, obviously, is the inspiration for this film; Sun especially in terms of the story, but, of course, is to deal with implementation. Casting Michael Caine in the central role only confirms this. The film is based on a play by Ira Levin (who previously wrote Rosemary's Baby and The Stepford Wives) and focuses on Sidney Bruhl; playwright whose best days are behind it. After their last game bombs, Sidney finds himself in a low; and it did not help when the game is called Deathtrap; written by fans, he taught, arrived on his doorstep. Deathtrap guaranteed commercial success, and Sydney soon begins to hatch his own land; which includes an invitation around amateur scribe, killing him, and then passing Deathtrap from his own work <br /> <br /> For all its clever twists and turns. Deathtrap falls on one of the main elements and the symbols. The film is not able to provide a single nice character and it is very difficult to take care of history, if you are not for the implementation of any of the players. It does not help to act. Michael Caine put in a good performance and exciting, as you might expect, but no one makes himself proud. Christopher Reeve awkward in his role, while Dyan Cannon somehow manages to make possible a pretty heinous character with performance frankly annoying. It is fortunate, then, that the story is good; and it is just about good enough to save the film. The plot has many twists and turns; some work better than others, but there are always going enough to ensure that the film remains interesting. Directed by Sidney Lumet deserves credit as well as the style of the film is another huge plus. The central location is interesting in its own right, and cinematography film fits well. Overall, I have to admit that I really enjoyed this film; but it could be much better.
