The trick to create a good, tough history mystery is as a matter of time, as it is about plot contrivances, colorful characters and unexpected turns. Anyone who has ever worked in frustration with the UN-processed Sunday New York Times crossword puzzle knows that any puzzle that takes too much time to decide, ceases to be any fun. Most murder mystery, whether on film or in print, minor cases that get to the point, to express their keys line up their suspects and hopefully spare us a few surprises; complicated without being overly complicated. And they play fair; on the second, third and fourth viewings clues and red herrings, we must be as pleasantly surprised by how well it all goes together, we were surprised by being first. Indeed, a good thriller should get better on repeat viewings, we expect that double and triple crosses. <br /> <br /> comedy thriller Deathtrap Lyumeta Sidney, as derived from Ira Levin hit Broadway play, it is an excellent example. He moves in a round clip, skillfully manipulating their keys, as (almost) completely honest with us (even when he was lying to us), and yet never revealing where it occurs (even when he tells us where he can go), it's less mystery movie murder in the traditional blade than it is a film about a murder mystery, resulting from the play of the drama. Instead of having to go back - the murder, and then carry out an investigation to explain why it happened - bad leads us through the stage of the crime (s) by step, leaving enough room for the unexpected; how ads are advised it is less "whodunit" than «who'lldoit.» <br /> <br /> Deathtrap often compared (unfavorably, oddly enough) in the games and movie versions of the investigator, although in reality it has a lot more in common with SCREAM, in self-irony essays on small-teen horror as this smart movie for yourself (a thriller about thrillers) Deathtrap label sets its parameters ( "in one set, five characters profitable"), and then proceeds to the deconstruction of its genre , revealing itself as "the most strange and absurd coincidence is interesting enough to persuade the audience to suspend their unbelief. " <br /> <br /> Deathtrap boldly gives us the mystery with only five main characters, two of which have a minimum value. Henry Jones as the secretive lawyer on hand mainly for the exposure (and give us his penchant for folksy charm) and Irene Worth it all the strangeness and the comic as a psychic-cum-detective who acts as a nominal detective. That leaves the three main characters to be the killer (s) and / or victim (s): This is a testament to the ability of Michael Caine, who like Sidney Bruhl down on his success mystery writer, he creates a character that we are his the nature of love and trust, as we recognize at once that most of what he says is a lie. As his love and if a few ditzy wife Myra, Dyan Cannon flirts with being on top, giving the roller coaster ride performance with a character, which in turn seems to be fragile or overbearing, treacherous, or hysteria, timid or bold and uncompromising in love with less than reciprocating Sydney. The third angle of the triangle is surprise young playwright named Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve in such a way that we never get a handle on who his character: preppie enthusiastic imitators writer, half-innocent victim or a sly magic psychopath. As various characters dancing around each other, cleverly adapted screenplay strict ace Marking Jay Presson Allen manages to be consistently funny, even as it builds suspense. And even after the final twist (improvement compared to the end of the play), it may not be entirely clear who is manipulating with whom to do. <br /> <br /> Sun Lumet is not a comedy master, so that it allows him the opportunity to have a full cast of characters and the freedom of specifying all of them give a sharp, the theater, but the delicate work with Rivami be particularly common. But Lumet makes it so good to know how to work in a confined space. As he has done brilliantly in 12 Angry Men, he takes a set-play, and with the opening of a minimum, it is possible to do something that might be compressed, unnatural and stagnant seems infinitely photogenic and spacious. Setting country house converted from an old mill, is relatively small, but as developed by Tony Walton, he manages to be cozy and charming, as well as terrible and treacherous. It is really so hard to say where the studio set and cross border real home countries, which to a certain extent set becomes the sixth symbol. And as the scene of the crime, it is the most inviting trap for sure.
