After previously seen reduced print submitted by David Shepard, I finally got through the full - or closer to the full version, which was about 56 minutes compared to the 30-minute version of the more widespread. Print Shepard for Image Entertainment, of course, high quality and the best part, but it nevertheless is good to see the rest of the film and fill in some of the history of the free ends. <br /> <br /> The Shepard printing, the film ends with Mary about, "You see, I changed my mind - I will never go home." However, in the full version, Mary and Kenneth Dryskola end their relationship shortly after this scene ?? Mary returns home in the country ?? and Dryskola kindles his relationship with Vivian. This extra footage develops character Vivian, who had little to do in the version of Shepard. In addition, the full version, the film begins in rural New Jersey with Mary, where she reads and fantasizes about her ideal lover. It disappointed a reality advances from the farm "errand boy" Johnny Applebloom (the character is completely absent in the version of Shepard), but after her affair with Dryskola, she returns to the country, allegedly, and eventually become a farmer's wife. <, Br /> <br /> Regardless of the press, "a girl's Folly» good short film in 1917, made one of the best directors of the 1910s Maurice Tourneur. In it, Tourneur takes a lot of shots in their own business, including playing a caricature of himself - the director of the movie-in-the-film. Two wires also provide high-quality presentation earlier standards of your screen: Robert Warwick, the actor who plays the skirt-minting of the star, and Doris Kenyon as the ingenue, who aspires to play the ingenue on the screen <br /> <br />. self-referential films that made the film, there was nothing new now focusing movies. Mack Sennett has parodied this type of film in three years to a "dramatic career Mabel." Some aspects of this one stand out, though. Francis Marion humorous intertitles, including figures cast on a chess board with the hand, guiding them - a great 1917. I especially liked the final title card for the film, where two observers remark on the happy end of the film: "Well affairs, but it is not that romantic ! "And the other answers," Romance, Nuthin! ?? Here move the picture! "A member of a female screenwriter Anita Loos made a similar self-referential withdrawal on another film from 1917 'Wild and woolly. Both authors have helped to change the role of the profession in business and the arts. <br /> <br /> Some of the photos by Tourneur and John van den Broek is good, especially with regard to the set business. The use of mirrors in several scenes of the film a good reinforcement of self-reflexivity. In addition, the editing is exceptional. Soon through during the studio scene is particularly noticeable; it serves to punctuate the hectic pace of the filmmakers to work on, especially then.
