Riff Randall is crazy, obsessed fan of the rock band; The Ramones, and so most of the students in the school. But the new tyrant of the principal, Ms. Togar believes rock 'n' roll is a bad influence on the students, especially the music of The Ramones. So, if a riff know they do in the city, it is absent from a few days to get tickets for himself and his friends. But if Ms. Togar discovers why she really took this weekend she confiscates tickets. While this is happening, Tom Roberts completely in love over the riff, but one riff Kate Rambeau feels the same way about that. But Riff my eyes fixed only on the lead singer Joey Ramone, and hope to obtain this concert to get them to play a song. <br /> <br /> Fun! Fun! Fun! Yes, that's right, "Rock 'n' Roll High School" does not move away from its main focus ?? furiously, Daggy fuss that was not what I expected, that's for sure. Each part looks like they are more in the project dandy sometimes relaxing nature of his shows on the screen with the energy that ensures this light spirit that makes it a valuable experience. this does not mean that I think that his art and the plot so meaningless as it may be. But watch this hot, crazy ride that turns into some good harmless revelry, I, etc. hundred could not wipe the smile off my face. It's sticky, very cheesy, dense chaotic, but damn it's funk Dora! <br /> <br /> This is a low-budget, B-class function of producer Roger Corman and John Dante, who co-authored (plus it is co-director of some of the scenes that director Alan Sheet has been hospitalized in the last day of shooting) This is basically a nice homage to the twinkling of the 1950s, the clicks, following the fruitful cliché and threw it into the corner of the teenage rebellion tag because of the generation gap between them and the adults (who always know better). These functions can be particularly fresh, but they gain a certain appeal because of the dynamic treatment of appetite. In the film, there is only one thing in mind, to go out with a bang! And they manage to do it. Courtesy «The Ramones», who play themselves. In fact, we can say that it is one big fashion video, because it's all about Ramones ?? Well, most of them anyway. I see a lot of publicity in the side of the acting abilities of The Ramones. These musicians are not actors, but it means that it's not about their activities here, it's the music that we expect to dig. They are here to perform! That they provide in the front with some Kick Ass tracks that peppered the film to create a fully elevated atmosphere. In particular, their vibrant live performances. Soundtrack drone also had some killer tunes from some of the other artists, such as Virgin, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood IEC, and Eddie and the Hot Rods Alice Cooper. But these jumps the track installed in well with the carefree feel and even the bill was worked pretty well. Especially in the scenes with the participation of Ms. Togar with a score of grasping the right mood that surrounds her worldview. Playful mood of the film is pretty much like a roller coaster with such colorful rates between the electrifying melodies and funny segments, ranging from scattered slapstick routines to it are sometimes clever, sarcastic dialogue. Throwing in for good measure is a kind of light and heavy jokes, which I found very enjoyable, and he gave him such a wide range to express themselves. <br /> <br /> What else has given additional impetus to the film was supposed to be divine PJ Soles (better known for her performance in the All Saints' Day), which gave a boost up performance as peach Riff Randell. Other examples of the performance was Dey Young as a very cute Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten, as the hulking Tom Roberts and go to Eaglebauer man who beautifully plays Clint Howard. In addition, some key regulars Corman box pop up with a great speech to send Mary Voronov, who is excellent as demanding Ms. Togar pushing its unjust rule on the students, Paul Bartel, Mr McGree and a small supporting role of Dick Millar until the end, captured the action rather old-fashioned, but it goes down well with the material, and there is a certain likability, which flows out of these characters, but we totally maligned Mrs. Togar and its hall monitor thugs. <br /> <br /> There's no beating around the bush here, when I say: "Rock 'n' Roll High School" intoxicating beep, the time, I'm glad!
