BRAIN THAT WOULD NOT DIE was considered so bad in 1959 that the number of cuts and the passage of the three years it took before he was released in 1962, it is difficult to imagine how someone could take the matter seriously, even in 1959; matter how clumsy and obscene, but it's also incredibly funny in a deeply self-confident as a way <br /> <br /> In the story, of course, refers to a doctor who eager experimenter in limb transplants. - and when his girlfriend is killed in a car accident, he sent his head to his secret lab. With a few phone cord, a pair of clamps, and something that looks very similar to a small baking pan, it brings her head back to life. But she was grateful? Nha unlikely. In fact, she seems to tick much about all this, especially when it turns out that the doctor plans to merge its head to another body <br /> <br /> As it happens, the doctor picky about this new body .: He wants one built for speed, and he takes on cruising confused woman on city sidewalks, seeking a strip, a visit to the great contests of the body and watching for chizkek model in search of talent, which will raise an eyebrow. But back in the laboratory, the head developed chemically induced psychic bond with another one of the Doctor of experiments, this disgusting, so that it is closed from view in a convenient laboratory cabinet. Can they work together to get rid of the bitter and malicious means of laboratory sunken avenge the doctor, and to save a woman whose body he craves? Maybe! Leading man Jason Evers plays a fraudulent doctor, as if he had been given a large dose of Spanish flies; Virginia Leith, poor head, screams and laughs, despite the fact that it is not easy, and perhaps not even any of the vocal cords. Busty Babe coiled up incredibly tasteless music, the actors make irrational changes character from line to line, the dialogue is even more meaningless than the plot, and you need a calculator to make the inconsistencies continuity. On the whole brain that WOULD NOT DIE comes off as even more unintentionally funny than Ed Wood movie. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Green actually manage to keep it all moving pretty good clip, and looking at the film now easily select the scenes that later influenced the director, who, no doubt, have seen a thing, when they were young and impressive, and never recovered. Incisions are made before the movie came out in the press release, forever lost, but the incisions made for television have been recovered in the Alpha release, and while the film and the sound quality is not particularly great, it's just remember that they probably, weren »t all that good to begin with. <br /> <br /> now, this is one of those movies that you either find incredibly boring or wildly funny, depending on your point of view, so it is very difficult to give a recommendation. But I will say this: if your tastes with the likes of Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you need to tie it and now four stars for its cheese-only quirks! GFT, Amazon Reviewer
