There are two movie experience I will always cherish. The first saw "Star Wars" for the first time at the age of 10 years with my younger brother. Middle of the second sneaks in Halloween on Tripple Plex with my good friend, Trevor, at the end of October 1978 All Saints' Day has left me breathless, speechless, and downright scary. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween 1963. He escapes to a psychiatric hospital after 15 years to return to Haddofield, to wreck havoc once again. He sees Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy senior who enjoys babysitting, and begins to pursue her. Her friends partying across the street killed one after the other, as Michael sets your site to get it. Oddly enough, the young boy she seeks Halloween afraid «Boogeman» and can see it from the outside. During the feast the murder of Dr. Sam Loomis (Pleasence) is working hard to find Michael, before he unleashes his anger. He has no proof, no evidence, only speculation, he must sell Sheriff bracket (Charles ciphers). As the story progresses, you have suspense-driven film instead of a cheap thrill scared. Alfred Hitchcock once said, "You can have four people at a table playing cards, and they do not know it was a bomb, and she leaves. It's a cheap thrill. However, to put the four men at the table, which detect the bomb and discuss what to do with it - it does not go out, then you have the unknown. " Director John Carpenter takes this advice to handle Halloween. Viewers will see glimpses of it in the street, watching, stalking their prey. We gasped. Would he kill her? If he killed her? Then, Michael disappears. Carpenter also used instead of the suspension of the special effects, which are usually isolated to the first gore plan. This film has a little blood, but still provides a good horror story. One of the best scenes of Michael Bob lifting off the ground. He raises the knife back, as reflections of moonlight, he drives it. All that you hear a loud knock, the viewer sees Bob's leg fall lifeless. Carpenter was the first to use the point of view of the killer places. This is also the peaks of our audience. What will he do? What's going on in his head? Finally, hauntingly masterful account of Carpenter adds to the tension. In addition, the screen tandem letter he did with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops the characters we care about. Teenagers are not the "party of the mind", but only after going through a rebellious adolescent angst wasteland. Finally, there are some decent action in the «B» a low-budget thriller. Nick Castle, who plays the "Shape" (Michael) adds something mindless killers. It is cold, ruthless, and without any pathology. In addition, the person doing everything the same way. It kills only when trapped, or to set a trap. He splits the victim apart. It also relies on brute force. And it is a mask that is used (bleached William Shatner mask) gives an idea of ​​something that has no soul or emotion. While the Pleasance is melodramatic in his quiet monologue, he comes across as someone scared, desperate and determined. It made me wonder, when he represented the fading modernism attempts to explain evil. Pearl, though, the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. She plays the role of Laurie, someone frightened, but also determined and strong, who fights back. The end of the one that left me speechless. It was the first concept indestructible serial killer that can not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that it can be fed several times. Halloween and other horrors, though, do not have such advantages. So if we could erase our minds for the first time, we see in the movie to experience it again as fresh and new, Halloween is the movie, I would choose.
