As I mentioned earlier, the 1978 John Carpenter classic is one of the first two movies that I can think of to see and to be under the strong influence (another classic Conan the Barbarian). It is so really scared me that the only monster under the bed was Michael Myers, whom I eventually became friends (imaginary friend) to keep him from killing me in a dream. Now that is terror for 10 years. <br /> <br /> This is a classic horror film, and I'm sure that my modest review will not do it justice it deserves. The most amazing thing of all is the fact that the film still works, may not be in a guttural reaction, but to a greater degree of cognitive ability or immediate subconscious. All of this could have happened. It is not in the impossibility or in a foreign country (as most modern horror, ie Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, saw, etc.). Sometimes it is a graphic, and the rest fades into our imagination. I believe that this is an element that keeps people in terror, or at least wary of going out at night with the signature of the soundtrack is still fresh in their mind. It still works, because we can change course or tertiary murder with nothing more terrible, that our mind can create. Thus, we are contributing to our own fears and anxieties. <br /> <br /> Carpenter weaves a simple story about the everyday, middle class, suburban and relatively benign baby who latches on Halloween and kill his sister. He then spends the next 15 years in an institution (which we, fortunately, do not worry), only to escape and return to his native city, the infamous Haddonfield. On his way, he kills and kills. Baby name Michael Meyers, although he is not a man. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers is understood as a metaphor against the security of the middle class suburb. The bastion of American safety and security, chaos can still strike. <br /> <br /> Michael ceased to be a man when he has killed. He's not a serial killer, a man or a psychopath. He is an unstoppable force. Tribal clothing, bleached-white mask Shatner, and the absence of any other dialogue, some breathing help dehumanized and complete generic Michael. This is the source of all his power. He is a faceless, speechless and unremarkable in any way, except as a source of unrelenting chaos. This helps the cinema (card effect), the lack of information / motivation / explanation and veteran experience narrative Pleasence (Dr. Loomis). His performance at the maximum embarrassment and sells the "form". It is also the first performance of the film Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode, the innocent girl who is afraid of the chaos in the face of superior forces (at least some). <br /> <br /> While it's not the first film of this new niche of horror movies (Black Christmas was released 4 years ago), he is the most successful and does not decrease when considering. If you were not scared of horror movies for a long time (like me), this is likely to make the hair on the back of the head tingling in the first chords of the soundtrack of the signature. I highly recommend this film as a must see horror film, and as one of the top of a career of John Carpenter.
