I must admit that this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The only way that John Carpenter directed the picture, opening the door to so many genres of the layout, it will cool you to the bones, whether it is your first time to watch it or your fiftieth. Sound menacing horror of Michael Myers and the infamous cry Jamie Lee Curtis gives this film an instant cult status and a great start for the independent era. I love music, I love the character, familiar yet scary surroundings, simplistic nature of the villain, and the random chaos of it all. There's no real rhyme or reason of murder in the first film, giving us a taste of the true nature of Michael. Is he crazy, or somehow just very shiny beast? This question is never really answered, but Carpenter gives us his 100% and more dedication this wonderful masterpiece. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter Masters of Horror. Although his films were not the caliber that they were once in recent times (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween has become a power in his career. This is his final film. While he did release other greats, I will always remember this as the film that caused me to turn on all the lights, but see if the nanny, and check behind closed doors, because you never know where evil will be appear next. Carpenter has this amazing ability to bring you into a world in which he weaves. With the power of his cell, it contains these images Meyers in places you least expected, giving you the feeling as if the killer is by your side. I loved every scene in which we pan back and Michael were there, watching from a distance, and no one will know. It was scary, but utterly brilliant. I loved the scene in which Carpenter pulled his fear of almost thin air. There you will be paying your own business, when suddenly this terrible mask will appear out of nowhere. As characters, you also thought it was just an optical illusion, but it gets you where Carpenter, this is not so. Michael was not a ghost, he is a man (or at least we think), but it has a strong mental ability than most of the main characters. This leads to some very dark themes and symbolism unexplored, but even without that, it's a terrible film. <br /> <br /> Then, if you just do not have Michael simply evaporated in the windows of your home Carpenter adds that restrains the theme music. I still do, that the withdrawal of the piano keys, in my opinion, constantly wondering if Meyers looks at me through the window. Carpenter found the perfect combination of visual and fright frightening sounds, predicts what could happen to our unsuspecting victims in the next. It is deadly and it is done with a refreshing novelty and a unique thrill than anything released today Horror Hollywood could muster. Carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air in the midst of what could be a difficult year horrified the actual scares replaced Paris Hilton, you know that the quality is not quite the same. <br /> <br /> In the end I would say that even simplistic opening murder in this movie a monstrous and terrible. Using the "clown" mask shivers down your spine. Thus, so he was removed from this oblong one shot, using a mask child as if it were our own eyes is still one of the best discoveries of horror ever! He totally sets the tone for the rest of the film. Do you have babysitting theme, you have the children's behavior, which carries with Michael throughout the film, and you have an art talent Carpenter all rolled into one. I could literally spend hours talking for an hour about the movie, but instead I would like to go see it again. It is worth repeating visit many times! <br /> <br /> In general, I think this is one of the greatest films in cinema history. Skip all the foreign films that think that they are going to face accidentally films leave him tight budget and Carpenter slasher genre. This singularity of the film redefined an entire generation of horror films, and still continues to be the influence on modern horror treat. Aircraft combination really terrible killer, powerful cinema events (which usually does not make a lot of horror films), and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes this film Halloween above the rest. Of course, Freddy is cool, and you feel pretty for Jason, but the real Michael, he was worried, and he is on a free lusting for the blood of nurses. What could be better? <br /> <br /> Class: ***** from *****
