Halloween is not only the godfather of all movies chopper, but the greatest horror movie ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill created the most disturbing, horrifying and scary movies of all time with this classic chiller. Michael Myers a phenomenal monster in this film that it inspired many imitators, such as Jason Voorhees (Friday the 13th), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine), and Puckett's Charlie (Charlie comes in the night). Okay, so I'm a little unclear, but it just goes to show you the impact that this film had on the entire genre of horror. He was no longer the monster has to come from the tomb of Tutankhamun or from the laboratory of Dr. Frankenstein. It can be created in small cozy areas of the suburb. And the night he came home ... Haddonfield, Illinois, and the audience will never be the same. There are many aspects of the film, which makes it the crown value of horror films. First is to install ... it is the case that appears to be a normal suburban area. Many of us who grew up in an area such as this can easily identify with the characters. This type of terrain where you feel safe, but when trouble starts to brew, no one wants to lift a finger to get involved (especially if heavy breathing crazy trying to overthrow our young heroine.) In addition to the installation, the film takes place on Halloween !! Terrible night of the year! While most people carving jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers is looking to cut some Tini-Boppers. In addition to setting, there are some great action. Jamie Lee Curtis does a serviceable job as our heroine Laurie Strode in the Goody-two-shoes high school student who can never seem to find a date. However, it Pleasence as Dr. Sam Loomis, who really steals the show. His portrayal of a good doctor, who knows what kind of evil hidden behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and considers it necessary to send him to hell once and for all, this material is a horror legend. However, an assessment of the synthesizer that really drives this picture, as it seems almost put the viewer into the film. Once you hear it, you'll never forget. I also like the grainy feel to this picture. Currently, they seem to sharpen the image of each film, giving us all the possible details of the monster we have to fear. At Halloween, John Carpenter never really allows us to get a complete look at Michael Myers. He always seems to be that he is part of the shadow, and I think that's what makes it so scary. There are many scenes where Michael partially visible, as he spies on young children (without their knowledge), which adds to his horror. If you think about some of the Wacko could be watching you right now, and you do not even know it. Unfortunately for our teenagers (and fortunately for us horror fans), if they find Michael, he is not looking for candy this Halloween night..he looks at the blood. Finally, Michael Myers, is itself a key element in the effectiveness of this film. His relentless pursuit of Laurie Strode makes him look like a murderer who never stops. It is the dominant which will haunt you the rest of your life. So if you have not seen the movie (if there are some of you out there who do not, or even if you have one), take the popcorn, turn off every light, pop it in an old DVD and watch in fright, trick or treat !
