I just recently went through a stage where I wanted to understand why it is that horror movies 90s can not hold a candle to 70's and 80's horror movies. I have been very public in this forum meanness films like Ghosts and Urban Legend and the like. I feel that they (and others like them) do not know what the true horror. And it bothered me to the point where it made me go to the local video store and rent some of the classic horror films. I already have all of Friday, so I'm shooting Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the original A Nightmare on Elm Street, Jaws, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, The Exorcist and Halloween. Now other movies are classics in their own right, but it is here that I want to tell you about all the Saints. Because Halloween is doing, apparently, something no other film in the history of horror film can do, and that he is using subtle methods, methods that do not depend on blood and blood, and he uses them to scare the living daylights out of you I was in the room alone with the off the lights and so stupid, I knew what it was, I wanted to look behind me to see if there was Michael Myers. A lot of the film that I saw did not do for me in the last ten years. A lot of the film. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter took a low budget movie, and it scared the generation of movie lovers. He showed that you do not need budgets to 8 or 9 digits to cause fear in the audience. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what is actually happening, but what is going to happen. What is a shadow? What was that noise upstairs? He knows that the way to scare someone, and he uses every element of horror textbook, which I think you can use. I even think that he made some of his own ideas, and they should be the idea that people use today. But they do not. Nobody uses lighting and detail to provoke horror stories, they use special effects and rivers of blood. And it's just not the same. You can not be frightened by the giant special effects, making loud noises and pops out of the wall. These are the moments when the killer is hiding somewhere, you just do not know where that scare you. And Halloween is a success as no other film in this endeavor. <br /> <br /> In 1963, the young Michael Myers murders his sister with a big butcher knife, and then spend the next 15 years of his life, quietly locked up in institutions like Loomis (his doctor) says Sheriff braces, "I spent eight years trying to reach him, and then another seven, making sure it never comes out because I saw these eyes was pure e-s. ", which sets the maniacal and ruthless idea of ​​a killer who will stop at nothing, to get what he wants. And all he wants is to kill Lori. No one knows why he wants to kill her, but he does. (Halloween II continues the story well enough) <br /> <br /> With Carpenter made here is taken by the haunting, false lighting techniques, and wrote and directed the densely developed masterpiece of horror. There is a scene should be described. And it's a scene where Annie on her way to pick up Paul. She walks to the car and tries to open it. Only then she realized that she had left the keys in the house. She gets them back, and inadvertently opened the car door without a key. Viewers pick up on this, but it does not. She's too busy thinking about Paul. When she sits down, she notices that the misted windows. She is surprised and starts to wipe the fog, and then strikes Myers, from the back seat. It's such a big stage, because he pays attention to detail. We know what is happening, and Annie does. But the astute observation that Carpenter did it stuffed a hell of movie fans in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses fuzzy image of the killer standing in the background, a shadow gliding ominously over the wall, dark rooms, terrible and haunting music, sinister story of Donald Pleasance intrusive and threatening, relentless killer. My filmmakers Council is currently studying Halloween. It should be a blue print for what horror is all about. In the end, Carpenter directed in Steps Hitchcock, maybe the director should stick to it. <br /> <br /> Halloween embodies everything that frightens us. If you are tired of all the senseless horror films who do not know the difference between evil and wit, the Halloween movie that should be seen. He will not fail. I like very much afraid, and I do not know why, but I do. But nothing scared me in 90 years, with the exception of maybe one movie (Final Nightmare Wes Craven). If you like being frightened, then Halloween is one that you should see. And if you've seen a hundred times, to go and see it again, back-to-back with the film as Urban Legend. Urban Legend will have you lured by all the beautiful faces in the film. Halloween will have you frozen with fear, stuck in a chair, not wanting to move. Now tell me what a horror movie would you rather watch? <br /> <br /> It was only after watching the monitor version of Zombies, it makes you appreciate it that much more. This is a classic by definition. Zombie twisted his version, but it does not take on the luster of this.
