Observation of fire and ice for the first time reminded me of my experience which sees 300 last year. It was not a bad movie, of course, is not an average, but its construction and dialogue stuck in the best of conventional and at worst a confusing and one-dimensional (which may be based on a comic book by Frank Miller, was the right decision to go with). But its main strengths drawn from the intense action and bloody battles, and having that push into the 14-year-old feeling, watching Beefcake people who are struggling in the bloody balls under the supervision of a fight, sometimes with bizarre creatures or super-hot woman to go with colorful surroundings. While I probably re-watch Fire and ice before 300 times, both of them have caused that this feeling - an exception this time, of course, that this Frazetta, the notorious artist and designer countless paperbacks and comic books, collaborates with director Ralph Bakshi, that this is not a typical Hollywood fare, but something for diehard fans. <br /> <br /> it means that the audience today to return to check the film for the first time (it may now be desirable nostalgia for those who are young and watched it together with their masters tapes VHS back in the day of the Universe) it is possible disadvantages mentioned above, and maybe you'll see something more unique. Fire and Ice not only rotoscoped Bakshi feature, but it is arguably the most fluid- if not entirely my personal favorite- of the few he did, and he and his team create a vivid world, which is part of the prehistoric part -last this fantastic world, and part of the medieval and everything touched by hand artists from the background, the sky and the grounds. There is a small drawback for Bakshi supporters in this aspect of the character design; Bakshi has gone so far as to say that it's more than Frazetta it. This may be true, but that does not make it more absorbent to the eye or curious in those moments when we do not see people killed, or the evisceration soon or slow motion (my favorite was the instant frame as they Guide- rotoscoped that amazes me) . <br /> <br /> I have neglected to describe the plot, as it would defeat the purpose of really recommend it. If you have stubborn in this kind of style and approach of animation scene will be set depending on the extent to which the two warring factions, or "servant" or the princess is in danger or the hero must prove that he or talk, so it is enough to say that it Oh, well, fire against ice, with characters named Nekron and DarkWolf (the coolest male and a lot of comics in appearance) and Teegra (typical beauty, which is almost * too * is ideal for teenagers male fantasy figure). What really makes the story, as an asset, it will allow a series of cliffhangers and suspense around a bit of action, the progression of the dangers looming large battlefield, how, when cannibals hunt after Teegra and must contend with sudden crazy monsters and creatures appear from the trunks of trees and lakes . And as usual for Bakshi, he conjures up a frenzy (if not quite his usual inspired fainting) in the midst of all this mere fantasy material. If you've seen the Wizards, you will understand what I mean, to a lesser extent. <br /> <br /> So, if you're an animation buff, look at it as soon as some "old school" (ie the 1980s) action and incredible design. For everyone else, it's ... well, not great, so I would say, without guilt and its logic for the 21st century, with some changes, 300.
