This delighted the audience at several film festivals, and it's not hard to see why. Director Zhang Yang, using some very good work on three main subject, Xu Zhu, a father, a master eh; Quanxin Pu, as the eldest son, but Min; and especially in Jiang as irrepressible and lovable younger son, Er Ming, weaves a story that will warm the cold heart. <br /> <br /> The film opens with a man taking a shower in the automated stand in the middle of Beijing. He invests the money in the slot, opens the door, takes off his clothes and putting some of them on the conveyor must be cleaned, steps into the shower and cleaned brushes and injects water and soap, as if he had a car at the car wash. This is the future symbolically speaking, the old bathhouse, we'll see in the next scene the past. China is second agricultural industry of China. <br /> <br /> pollution? The cultural revolution of a hangover? The industrialization of the blues? No way. What we have here is the feast of people and their kindness and love for each other, the triumph of goodness in people's hearts. But I wonder how the Chinese government treats this film. On the one hand, obviously, it is a pleasing appearance of China and its people. It is strictly non-political without criticism of the current regime, expressed or implied. However, there is the slightest feeling that the good old way will be replaced by something that can not be good. I think Zhang Yang had the wisdom to just let that be as it may. Tell the story of the oldest in the bath, where they receive back rubs and massages, where they tell stories and remember the good old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and scenic cricket fights, where the teacher is the courage and wise old man and his assistant, his son, who may be delayed or autistic, but who does his job with joy and contagious spirit of fun and goodwill. <br /> <br /> Enter the scene back to the eldest son, Da Ming, who is polished, well-groomed and silent. It is inconvenient in that it sees as an inexperienced behavior of his father and brother. It is a modern China with his tie and briefcase, his cell phone and his education. He came back because he thought his father was dying. If he sees that it is not so, he packs his bags and going back to his wife and his career. But then a crisis, and it was during this crisis that the Da Ming see the value of the natural life of people in the middle, that his father and his brother was alive. <br /> <br /> And so Yang Zhang brings together old and new, and does so in such a magical way that I would not mind, especially that his style is so neat and so carefully observed. One of the good things that he does that I miss in most films is how it adjusts to podagovoram inside a large history so that they will be resolved before the picture is complete. Bath regular who sings «O Sole Mio» in the bath, water shower down upon him, much to the delight Er Ming, believes that he can not sing in public for fear of the stage. Toward the end of the film, he loses his fear of the stage and sings, thanks to some inspired Er Ming assistance. And Bath regular who loses his wife, because ... well, he tells the story of Master Liu before he confesses the true cause. But Liu understands and again before the film ended, the couple reconciled. <br /> <br /> This kind of "happy ending" movie-making is unusual in contemporary art and international movies, or almost any film directed by adults. Some happy ending is so far-fetched to embarrass not only them, but also their contrivers audience. And some of them are so obviously condescending, that the public is offended. Here, however, the audience loved it. <br /> <br /> Look specifically for comedy performance in Jiang, whose warm boiling overcomes any obstacle his character may have.
