I saw this movie in the theater when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale, and I went to Arizona and really enjoyed seeing the place where I spent so much time. I remember at the time thinking that the company Barbara more rock sound (actually R & B-to my ears) was successful. I've never been a fan of Kris singing to his last attempt for the New West. As a composer and actor, but he has serious chops, IMHO. I think it's wonderful novel. I like it better than the version of Judy Garland and have never seen Selznick Janet Gaynor original. <br /> <br /> I believe that they have made some changes in this long-awaited DVD release. Above all, I remember the helicopter shot, which shows a packaged Sun Devil Stadium to be more and more dramatic. I want them to do a better job of writing music for Kris or, God forbid, to put some of his original songs there. <br /> <br /> In addition to these lines, I have some information from the original source, which says that music has been a problem for Chris and Barbara. While doing interviews for my new music documentary, rock the boat: a musical conversation and travel, I interviewed Stephen Bruton, a great singer / songwriter / guitarist with close professional and personal ties with Chris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton, among many others. Stephen was in the "" group Speedway character of John Norman. Kris had a real hard time turning what was essentially a pop by the fact that it can serve as a rock. Steven was also a second, and a long time member of the group to Kris. Voltage was set on and at some point on the band was barks Kris in the presence Barbara. She noted that the group should not talk to him. Kris came back to the fact that they were his friends, and they were a rock 'n' roll! In the end, Barbara came around and decided to use a live band performances Kris in the film and specifically the role of Stephen located at making things work. I got even more respect for her as an artist, he heard the story. Much of her as a diva. The fact that she is a professional. And I'm not gay. Not that there's anything wrong.
