Blockbuster at the time of its original release (he was the second highest grossing film of 1976), the third film version of A Star Is Born is always divided critics and fans. The film opened to scathingly negative reviews, however, $ 5.6 million in the budget picture went on to gross more than $ 150 million at the box office and won an Oscar and five Golden Globes. It is not without irony that the most commercially successful film Streisand also remain its most controversial. For every ten supporters, who claim that stars the best film Streisand, there are always ten more who claim that this is the weakest film in his filmography. Although both sides have a certain dignity to support their claims, it is still worth noting that Seventies take on A Star Is Born is one of the most moving and very entertaining show business drama that Hollywood has ever produced. For my money, this is the best option is often to tell the tale. <br /> <br /> The film is firmly thoroughly enjoyable and exciting. Changing the settings of the Hollywood studios of the old system in the competitive world of the music industry was actually a great idea and the script forges realistic contrast between the characters and the romance of their careers. This is the main area, the version of STAR was born in 1976 in fact exceeds its classical predecessors. For example, the film is particularly successful if showing face personal and professional difficulties during the recording sessions and endless phone calls that interrupt attempts to composers Kristofferson. This version of the story is also more plausible in this image of the main characters. For example, the female lead in the two previous versions were so charitable and selfless, that they come off as saints. On the other hand, Esther, women's role in this version is not only portrayed as strong and hot, but the flaws and contradictions. It makes her feel more "real" than the characters Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland felt in the previous films, and makes the story that much more effective. <br /> <br /> The performances all on purpose, even if some of the supporting characters are not fleshed out enough. If you are looking for the actress / singer who can walk a fine line between tough and vulnerable, without making yourself look like adapting the script, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. She is one of the few movie stars who can make even the most banal dialogue, it seems fresh and natural, and as usual, she manages to make a strong emotional connection with the audience. Simply put, it Hester fully realized three-dimensional human being. Kris Kristofferson could not get a lot of respect for him is now a casual response, however, it is always fun to watch and reflect magnetic charisma here it is rarely reflected elsewhere in his career. Kristofferson actually received rave reviews at the time of Newsweek, TIME, and even a New Yorker usually vicious Pauline Kael. Gary Busey and Mazury also give believable performances, but also have sufficient minimum amount of time on the screen. <br /> <br /> Writing The film's soundtrack was also a huge success, hitting # 1 on the Billboard Hot 200 and selling over four million copies in the US alone. Streisand, in the «Evergreen» (with lyrics by Paul Williams), undoubtedly one of the most beautiful songs in modern pop music, led to even further life on absolutely incomparable vocal performance by Streisand. The rest of the original songs of the film (mainly composed Williams and Rupert Holmes) pretty good as well, and Streisand sounds fantastic - her live solo numbers remain in memory for a long time after the rest of the film has faded. bright performances bring Streisand "Woman in the Moon" and "With One More Look At You» in exciting life, and do even more stupid number like "Queen Bee" work much better than they are entitled to. Kristofferson solos sound more soundless, but that may have been intentional, as it plays a singer in decline. <br /> <br /> Although, of course, dated in some ways (this is, of course, accurately reflect the decade in which it was made), the seventies to take on the star was born still holds up surprisingly well. The film is well mounted and Sliknuli production, chemistry between the leads is extremely powerful and always feels real, and Streisand has two emotional scene near the finale, both aching effective. Finally, A star is born not only entertaining and moving, but also superior to all criticism.
