Thirty years after its initial release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" finally comes to DVD in the package, which should please the most loyal fans of Barbra Streisand. This would include me because I had just seen her in concert singing among other rooms, the feminist anthem "Woman in the Moon" from the film in 1976. It is easy to dismiss, career-polarization film's story as strong bunch of cliches in Hollywood-style, that there are variations in his other films, including Streisand own "Funny Girl." This time reset to the then current music scene, an old story worth suicidal rock star John Norman Howard in his career deeply immersed origin as well as he meets club singer, Esther Hoffman, who is waiting for her big break. <br /> <br /> The trouble dog grooming them from the beginning, as John Norman (both names, please) responds by grabbing a fan of DJ and bloodless with random acts of violence (which he inexplicably escapes persecution). For John Norman, Esther is his last chance at happiness, and, in turn, it appeals to the innate honest, creative musician under the facade. Most of the main scene of the film, he gives Esther her big break at a charity concert, and her career takes off. Inevitably, it can not handle the failure of his career, in the light of its meteoric success, and if you're familiar with any version of this story, you know the rest. Directed by Frank Pierson (though promising directorial talents Streisand obviously on the display), the film still manages to attract me, even though I know it's shamelessly contrived and manipulative. It still has a certain emotional resonance, in spite of its many shortcomings. <br /> <br /> Although Streisand in her heyday, it seems like the perfect choice to play the rising star of the singing, her screen persona is just too strong and play predefined Esther plausible The same can be said of her performing style, as the script seems to make allowances for its softer Adult Contemporary-oriented material to be accepted otherwise seasoned world arena rock. From the moment she pops her head in the middle of Oreos, she can not help but come across as a fixed star. I can forgive a mistake because it is unprecedented vocal talent, but that is becoming less indulgent as she does Esther sharper than a roller coaster, when John Norman's woes have become the preferred. This creates an amazing confusion dynamics in the last part of the film, when it becomes less about what caused the culminating event than answer Esther at him. It is bordered by a continuous eight-minute close-up of a memorial of her performance -. Large unless it is unfortunately style imitates John Norman the end <br /> <br /> Kristofferson, on the other hand, provides superior performance in all levels of management integrity that the film base and make it contiguous, simultaneous feelings of love , honor and resentment toward Esther. He makes his vodka-soaked growl on stage work in this context. Otherwise, what always strikes me as strange about this version, all the supporting characters are relegated to the background, as if they were not, if they do not interact with the two principals. Only those who register as balanced Mazury manager John Brian Norman and Gary Busey as his cynical Bobby group manager. Veteran cameramen Robert Surtees provides good polishing in the film, although the level of grain stored in the print. Big seller in the day, the soundtrack is a hodgepodge of different styles from the 1970s - some songs are still quite good ( "All", "Woman in the Moon," "Watch Closely Now"), some of which have moved to kitsch ( " Queen Bee », Kenny Loggins 'I believe in love") and, of course, is inevitable ". Evergreen" <br /> <br /> transfer printing for 2006 DVD is clean and crisp sound with gratitude for the digital remastering. Participation with Streisand' is a major attraction of the crowd, since her full-length commentary. it provides in-depth information about the origin of the film, the cast and Brokers edamlennyah troubled production. It is also a refreshingly open about megalomania John Peters, her hairdresser boyfriend, who was the producer of the film, and its dissatisfaction with Pearson as a director. I just want her to be able to give more comments on scene-specific, that are directly related to the fact on the screen. it also has a tendency to repeat the same jokes, when the mood strikes her, for example, it becomes tiresome to hear the third time, as a person who plays the chauffeur was another Peters. I think having a second commentator could have pulled other nuggets from it. <br /> <br /> There cabinet test drums which shows fun clothing 1970, especially mixed fabric poncho Kristofferson in orange and polyester shirt. There are also twelve distant scenes with optional commentary included Streisand. One of them is the comic bakery scene that reminded me how much I love Streisand in slapstick comedies. Another is an extended scene in which it plays «Evergreen» guitar in front of reverence Kristofferson, which then falls asleep. The most interesting is an alternative view of a musical finale, which includes fast cuts, which I agree with Streisand was to be used. Notably, theatrical trailers for all three versions of «A Star Is Born», are also included.
