I've always been a big James Bond fanatic! I have seen almost all films, except for Die Another Day and The World Is Not Enough. Graphic for All or Nothing captures the spirit! Voice talent ......... WOW! I LOVE Pierce Brosnan! He finally Bond video games! ON BOND! I enjoyed the previous games Bond: Goldeneye, The World Is Not Enough, Agent Under Fire and Nightfire. This one is definitely the best! Finally, Mr Brosnan, (can I call him Mr Brosnan as a sign of respect? Yes, I can!) It was interesting to hear the phenomenal video games ....... in the end! SPIRIT! I saw that he spoke with Robin Williams, and let me tell you that they make a great team. Pierce Brosnan funny, outrageously beautiful (I mean to tell a lie in a good way) and only one of those actors who would you like to go to and wrap your arms around and hug, saying, "Pierce Brosnan, thank you for being James Bond "," If not for you, I would not know who James Bond. " He's a great actor! I'm a big fan of Willem Dafoe, although I had seen him in several films. His role as Nicholas Diavalo was brilliant. (I can not spell the name right character?) LOL !!!! He does a great job with the accent. Sometimes I can not even hear the accent. I saw Willem, I mean Mr. Dafoe, act in two films: Finding Nemo, and Spider-Man with my favorite actress Kirsten Dunst! SHE ROCKS! Anyway, it never ceases to amaze. And Richard Kiel, wow, he's definitely got part nailed jaw. I saw it in a movie, and it is awesome! In fact, my grandparent met Mr. Kiel, and I was jealous when they told me. But Kirsten Dunst at the top of my list Celebritie years that I want to meet. John Cleese was spectacular. I've never seen a better person to play as a joker and create a gadget Q! Mr. Cleese was hilarious! I saw him working with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tomorrow Never Dies. He's awesome! The most recent project is John Cleese Shrek 2 starring Mike Mayer, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrews and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) FORTUNE 007! Oh yes, and how to continually Q says: "Grow 007!"
