Do not get me wrong. «GoldenEye» was revolutionary, and certainly the best FPS game should be based on the 007 franchise. But the series has fallen into a rut FPS. Enter "all or nothing" that puts Bond in the third person. As I wrote earlier review for "From Russia With Love", I finished FRWL and just started EON and EON to judge a little harsh. Although, FRWL definitely has the advantage of capturing the essence of nostalgia and film franchise, the EON, certainly superior in terms of depth control and variety of gameplay. Mission range from standard running and driving-sprayed SUV control Aston Martin, driving a limousine which is connected to the explosion, requisition two different types of tanks and middle «GoldenEye», riding a motorcycle, helicopter flies by pushing down the shaft is protected by laser tension and free fall after a sharp drop woman. Of course, the car controls are a bit awkward, but the issue here is the variety. <br /> <br /> As the film adaptation, «GoldenEye» and FRWL was everything I could have hoped for. But the original story EON adds to the sense of adventure management of James Bond. It helps a great list of cast Willem Dafoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito. Judi Dench and John Cleese reprise their roles in the movie M and the Q, respectively, and Pierce Brosnan, not Sean Connery, Sun adds confidence to the point of the game. All the characters are like the stars, with the exception of a disappointing Heidi Klum, who is in the game model does not make real-life model of justice. Mya theme song is on one level, at least, some of the big screen Bond title song. <br /> <br /> The game also plays a tribute to some of the old Bond films. Willem Dafoe character is a former colleague of the villain Christopher Walken on "View to a Kill." Richard Kiel, Jaws is both clumsy henchman of "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" in three action scenes, the first and best of which occurs in the same way in the movie will have a fight. <br /> <br /> Single-player gameplay mostly consists of standard missions hiking Bond. As Bond, you will be able to choose whether to use stealth or go out with guns. The game gives a lot of opportunities to use stealth, with a lot of wall coverings and an object. Unfortunately, unlike FRWL, only one button to control how EON sneaks and wall adhesion, so Bond could end up hunched over when he should be looking out of the corner, and vice versa. The game also allows players to go into the mode of "Bond" reflex. While you're reading your inventory, everything around you will go into a super slow motion, allowing you to analyze the objects around you that can be interacted with. Although it takes some time to get used to, in the end, this mode enables you to perform many exciting moments "Bond", for example, knocking chandelier to take four thugs downstairs, and greatly add to the feeling of Bond. <br /> <br /> There are three available difficulty levels: operational, agent and Double Oh. On operational, you can breeze through in a few hours. On the agent, in a few weeks. About on a double in a few months. Difficulty can be changed for each mission. Who received a high score on a mission to unlock the gold and platinum awards and feature effects such as upgrades of vehicles and poor outfits Bond girl wears. Some missions can be extremely worried because of the lack of checkpoints, but when all is said and done, none of the mission is not more than one action scene in the Bond film. <br /> <br /> Multi-player, unfortunately, not so exciting. «GoldenEye» still has the best multiplayer mode of any Bond game. The main multiplayer campaign mode EON is a cooperative that puts players in charge of smaller MI6 on less important mission agents than Bond. More standard third-person death match can be unlocked from this mode. But the single-player mode is the most complete Bond experience to date. The ending, as in most games, Bond is disappointed. Although the final mission is one of the most aggravating games, the final confrontation villain disappointment. In addition, levels that require Bond to be fast becoming largely a matter of trial and error. However, for any serious fan of Bond has, instead of playing the game is not equivalent to one of the Bond films.
