I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I'm not that big on people), so we can say with confidence that I look forward to all that Cameron Crowe attaches his name. I went to Vanilla Sky, it was said that it was a very strange film, and I probably will not like it if I did something similar to other films Blood expected. Well, just saw this, let me say that the former was the right one, and the latter could not be more wrong. It is very strange movie, and really did not come together until the end. Anyone who tells you that they have seen that it comes halfway into the film either lying to you or not being able to separate them retroactively from their memory. In any case, the film star, and I'm looking forward to admit it, as soon as the DVD will be released. I was touched by the film and felt emotionally spent to the end. This experience, which will be based on the viewer's full range of human emotions, when the viewer allows him / herself to the plot. In the theater where I saw the film, there were more than a few people who apparently lost track of the film and the sad them, when they found that they could not go back to the story. I am sure that others simply do not have the ability to properly adhere to any film as it is. I do not mean that the sound arrogant, but some people are more cut out for Shiga Chan, Van Damme movie genre, and these types, which probably will not enjoy this film. This is a very cerebral, so make sure you are ready for two o'clock mental mites, as well as a lot of thought then. <br /> <br /> As far as comparing this film with other films GOVERNMENTAL, it is very similar to that on at least one account, in all the films Blood soundtrack to his character. This is almost certainly due to the longstanding ties of blood to the music, as anyone who has seen Almost Famous knows, and his marriage to the Heart star Nancy Wilson. In addition, it is worthy to note that there is a chemistry between Tom Cruise's acting and directing Crowe, who made the film seem familiar to anyone who has seen Jerry Maguire. In my opinion, this is not a bad thing <br /> <br /> Anyway, if I had to compare this film with any other film, I would say :. If you like David Fincher's The Game, you will almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
