How strange, the human mind; the center of activity, where the formed ideas about reality and stored, and in which his vision of the world depends on a finely tuned functioning of the brain, the most delicate and intricate processing of all things sensual. And what we do know is that it is the internal workings, the depth or capacity of it? With this in mind, allowing us to distinguish between reality and dream? Or can we? Perhaps our sense of reality no more than an impression of what we actually see, like looking at a Monet painting in which vanilla sky his vision becomes our reality. This concept is visited director Cameron Crowe has a very imaginative and consciousness change film, `Vanilla Sky," starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three years, David Aames (Cruise) inherits publishing empire left him by his father. His fifty -Aprani percent control stock package, however, made him something notable people, as there are seven members of its board of directors, and each considers himself more worthy than young Mr. Aames lion share of the company. and fueling discontent is their understanding of fire of pieces David does not have enough attention work requires <br /> <br /> However, David likes to play. So far, it controls the business and does what he sees fit, regardless of the board (he refers to them as `Seven Dwarfs) Artist it or not, and no one has ever had the courage to challenge it directly. But in lavish birthday party in his honor, one of the corporate lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warns David that seven of them for something for him back. At that time, however, it is the last thing on the mind of David; he was a casual affair with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even that is moving into the background when he meets a woman in his party, he can not get out of my mind. Her name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and after knowing her for only one night, it becomes a key part of his life--, which is going to be turned upside down, and on the morning after his party, he makes a decision that will change their lives forever . And he's going to learn that sometimes, just no turning back <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe entirely processed and delivered much more than just another film with this. much more than the film, `Vanilla Sky» the vision is realized. Starting with the first image that appears on the screen, it is a visually stunning experience, which is both an interior and cerebral effect. This mind-twisting mystery that will absorb you and sweep you; emotionally, it rush-- and it can leave you exhausted, because it takes some effort to stay with him. But it's worth it. Think `Memento" with leading rock 'n' roll soundtrack and energetic attack of flowers stretched stroke impressionist brush. There's darkness and light, and the sound of the pound and drive up until you feel the rushing blood through the veins and pulses in the brain. all played out on the landscape virtual reality under this swirling constantly expanding vanilla sky Simply put, it's a real trip;. this exciting-- and this mind bender <br /> <br /> As for the performances here, those who can not. get past the mindset of Tom Cruise as Maverick in `Top Gun», or Ethan X Anta `Mission Impossible," or those who see it only as a 'movie star' and not the actor, who will have nothing to think about in the light of his work. Because, as David Aames, Cruise gives a better idea about his career, the that is to check for any doubts about his abilities as an actor at the door. he made some interesting career options in recent years, with films like 'Magnolia "and" Eyes Wide Shut "just a warm-up for a very real and complex nature, it creates here. And give him credit, also taking on the role that dispels any sense of vanity; this cruise, as you've never seen it. `Jerry Maguire" earned him an Oscar nomination, and this one should, also--, as well as the admiration and recognition of his peers. Cruise is not only good in this movie, he's fine. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz becomes prominent, if not outstanding performance, as well as Sofia, a woman dreams of David. There's a tempting innocence she brings to the role that works well for her character and makes its forthcoming and accessible, but it lacks any hint of mystery that can be added to that special 'something extra' to the part. But Crowe knows how to get the best out of his actors, and he, of course, with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who absolutely live as Julie. She never looked better, and quite sizzles on the screen. But make no mistake, this is not the `pretentious' pieces and Dias delivers a complete package with this character. The quality of her work can be measured, in fact, in the impact it makes a very limited time on the screen. And this person is so completely integrates its innate beauty that makes Julie so memorable. In general, the Diaz terrific job. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomeranian), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson ( `LE »Man), Jean Carol (a woman in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). About half way through this one can have any doubt on your own sense of reality; but rest assured, at the end of "Vanilla Sky," all will be revealed. It is a reality-Bender, to be sure, and wildlife; but it's an exciting game that offers satisfying-- unique-- and experience you have to see to believe. This is important, and the absolute magic of cinema. 10/10. <br /> <br />
