Someone (or something thing ..) goes for the jugular puncture and draining their blood sacrifice to the dead. Police Detective Charles Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas, before slipping out of the B-movie horror genre to greater heights) will be stumped at who..or what..is of these famous crimes. The village is overcome by hysteria and Carl depends on the trusted medical genius Dr. Otto von whit (Etuill, in yet another effective role of mad scientists) to provide feedback on what could be causing the death of innocent people. He also fears for the safety of his beloved Ruth (excellent Fay Wray who plays for the third time after Atwill "Doctor the X" and "Mystery of the Wax Museum"), who is the assistant of any. <br /> <br /> Dwight Frye steals the film as a rather crazy village idiot who collects bats and bears insane demeanor where he goes..it easy to understand why he became a suspect in the local paranoia on the fever . Maud Abern provides the humor of the film is very naive (.. and are easily influenced by) the patient background or someone who believes that she has a sickness she reads in books about the lab where he works. She sensibility and background often did just Humors and its constant fictitious illness, she feels plagued with. Lionel Belmore returns as one more frightened, superstitious Bürgermeister. <br /> <br /> squeaky static, but rather fascinating, however, thanks to the cast. The film, obviously, as low-budget as they come, but it will not hurt the film too much, as it lies along, and director Frank R Strayer and his crew. I'm sure the film print has seen better days, though. This type of goods B-horror you will find packed in 50 other random cheesefests and tilled poverty programmers. Film villain..and its motifs for feeding synthetic biological creature..certainly provide different capture on formula Frankenstein. Many people may be disappointed with the end result as the film moves away from being an actual supernatural story about a real vampire killer, calling the killing.
