In an attempt to cash in on the success of Universal's horror films Majestic Pictures hired a number of popular actors from the current genre and put them in these efforts that (realistically speaking) is not so good. Despite the fact that it once every Wörthersee, and it's a hell lot of fun to look at and in my opinion, it's better than most of what is supposed to pass in our time, how terrible! The story is set in a small German town Klineschloss, where the bodies were piling up completely bloodless and suspicious puncture. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts "This Vampires", but the local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks it's crazy, which is responsible, and he vows to catch it. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** The Mayor and most of the cities of the people believe that the local eccentric German Glieb (Dwight Frye), who loves mice and often talks to them, who they are looking for, and they pursued him until he falls to his death in a cave. Whoever is responsible for the murder of Dr. Otto von whit (Etuilly), who created a new form of tissue mass, which feeds on the blood, and it accomplishes this by having some kind of mind control over the servant of his Emile (Robert Frazer), leaving for the night to collect blood. Dr. Otto is pretty assistant named Ruth Bertha (Fay Wray) and annoying aunt named Gass (Mod Abern), but they have no idea what he is, but Charles eventually become suspicious when one of these murders happens after Herman's death. <, Br /> <br /> Frank R. Strayer was never confused with being James Whale, but he was a very competent director who eventually direct most of the films «Blondie» in this series, and with this film, which he uses the same sets of "Old Dark House», which was also filmed at Universal. I am the first to admit that this film is very awkward for a while, but it's almost impossible to resist film, which has a connotation as these, including Fry's, which pretty much makes it Renfield role only this time he is friendly bats and iron in them and keep them in your pocket for safe keeping! One thing that just does not make sense, it's mind control that Dr. Otto has over Emil, as the film never explains this, and I had a strong feeling that it was some sort of a nod to "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari", but on the other hand, it is probably only the weakest part of the scenario. There are a few other tidbits that I noticed, including the pursuit of Fry in a large cave, which is obviously too early shot infamous Bronson Canyon, where many other films, and have been made Ray brown hair, which is its true color. True fans of horror films will appreciate it more than others, but I think it's a fun movie to watch for everyone, and with a cast as attractive as it is worth a look.
