This is one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time, in my opinion, his thoughtful, funny and sad with amazing performances all over!. All the characters are excellent, and the story is just great!, Plus Jodie Foster and Cherry Curry, just strange that!. The ending is very powerful, but I will not spoil it for you, and I thought that character development was top notch!, Plus you can really relate to all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, you'll be rooting for them !, Plus I I loved the way he was moving slowly, and gives you the chance to learn all the characters, and there on. I can not believe that this is only my 5.9 rating here, as it should be much higher, in my opinion, and it was interesting to see Randy Quaid in this type of role, plus it is very well written and well done!. One scene that really got to me was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan), completely taken aback by her mother for the fact that the party and the film has a lot of amazing moments, as well as!, Plus dialogue is particularly fine. This is one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), his thoughtful, funny and sad with amazing performances all around, and I say watch it immediately!, Your rating loves it!. Direction is fantastic!. Adrian line does a fantastic job here with an amazing camera work, and save your movie at a very exciting pace!. Responsibilities strange!. Jodie Foster is very cute, and it is amazing, as always! She was extremely nice, caring, lovable character had been intense in some scenes, focused, and she and Cherry Curry was the heart of the film as the Jeanie and Annie! (Foster rules !!!!!!!). Cherry Curry is a hot-and strange here, I really regretted her character, as she was a very nice character, who just need help, it provides high performance, and created a very memorable character, it was amazing!. Scott Baio as big as Brad was really nice, and did a good job, I loved it. Randy Quaid largest in its major role in the surprise, I loved it. Sally Kellerman great as a mother I loved her a lot. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good as Madge and Deirdre, and did what they had to do, and two other friends. Laura Dern has a very early role here, as it was great to see her, not the best part, though. The rest of the cast do well. In general, watch it once, it's an underrated masterpiece!. ***** 5
