In principle, the same film as the "House of Wax" - first hit the real horror Vincent Price was released last year - but seriously, who cares, because «The Mad Magician» offers just as much sheer thrill beautiful period specified masks, joyful 3- D effects, the acting sublime performances and eerie tricks of terror, like its predecessor! "Never change a winning team" is exactly what the writer Crane Wilbur must think when he was down nature of Price's Don GALLICO, another tormented soul precipitated fate and revenge against those who wronged him. Don Gallico is going to perform its first own illusionist shows like Big Gallico and plans to exhibit the greatest magic trick ever; titled "Girl and saw Buzz». promising solo career GALLICO appears suddenly destroyed even before the start, when the stage appears his previous employer Ross Ormond and shoved the contract under his nose, that all inventions GALLICO are the legal property of the company. Untidy and ruthless Ormond, who, incidentally, also searched the once beloved wife GALLICO, to take off with the cutter trick and programs that show GALLICO competitor in the Great Rinaldi. Gallico inevitably snaps and sadistic butchers Ormond, but ?? In addition wizard mask ?? recreates the image of the victim, and even begins to lead a double life. «The Mad Magician» is a fun and thoroughly unpretentious 50s horror movie in the style of Grand Guignol, with a lot of implausible plot twists (the hostess is brilliant crime novelist?) And a few bizarre grotesque gross-out moments (although they obviously , are suggestive for the most part). 3-D delights near the beginning of the movie, like a yo-yo player and stupid trick fountains just only serve as a temporary filler and a modern 50-hype, but it's still fun to watch, even now, and without any means of properly here. «The Mad Magician» is also interesting from the periodic solidification of view, as the events occur during the fingerprints are beginning to get used as evidence material and the character of Alice Prentiss is an obvious allusion to the well-known authors of the crimes of that era, needless to say that Vincent Price is the absolute most important element of the triumph in this film, as well as almost all the other horror films this legendary man has never starred in. As no other actor could not perform, Price reflects the tortured hero who gradually receding further and further into mental insanity in this incredibly fascinating way. Sorry Don Gallico, but at the same time you are afraid of him tremendously. Do you support his heinous acts of revenge and yet at the same time you are aware of his murderous rampage to end in death. Vincent Price is a genius actor and, in my humble opinion, the embodiment of the horror genre.
