I will not lie. Despite looking interesting, I saw the notorious Bettie Page, because I have heard (and it was pretty obvious just by looking at the synopsis or anything about the film) that Gretchen Mol got naked in it. I've never been a supporter of Mol, but I can not resist seeing an attractive woman, taking off her clothes. Yes, it can be distorted, but its theme and the perfect centerpiece at the heart of the film, and helps make the film much more than it probably should be. <br /> <br /> newsreel Bettie Page (Mol) life from her physical and sexual abuse of days as a child in high school in the South, and her new life in New York. She wants to be an actress, but she has to pay the bills too. Taking a few seemingly innocent pictures on the local beach, the page is slowly becoming modeling sensation, and quickly jumps to the suggestive photos sexually provocative photos of pin-up. <br /> <br /> I feel the shortness of the film (only for ninety minutes) is both a curse and a blessing for him. On the one hand, the film never overstays its reception. You get to know the page in a few short minutes, and then he gets right in her modeling career and do not look back. But damn the film as well, because we never get a chance to capture everything that is happening. It just kind of jumping between modeling shoots and disputes, they create before you jump right into a major Senate investigation, which occupies a large part of the final act of the film. You just sit there and try to absorb all this and more just coming straight at you. A feeling that the filmmakers wanted to generalize too much material in too short a film. She begs for longer sequences, and ask for more for a longer explanation. It does not feel rushed; it just does not feel all there. <br /> <br /> A little fumble, a little bit of curiosity, is the use of color throughout the film. Most black and white, but often, splashes of color and consistency are really. But while this may be done as a symbolic gesture at an early stage, it becomes a bit distracted as she always comes up later before cutting so in black and white. This becomes confusing, and is becoming more tedious intervention than anything else, as the film goes on. <br /> <br /> While it may fumble a bit with the actions, the film is dead on their topics. Paige, I know almost nothing about, playing the innocent, and her world is exactly the same. Except for a few shady characters during her teenage years, she meets all the innocent and all that it makes my innocence to it. I never thought that I would like to see a full nudity as something that was nothing but a vulgar and depraved, but here, it's really something to see. All right, it's beautiful and innocent. Even the most sexually perverted moments in the film (although the manual compared to today's standards) is innocent and angelic feel to them. There is just something about how the naked body supposedly portrayed, it is striking a chord in that other than naked bodies in other films. It just feels so natural and breathtaking, that if any reason to see the film, it would be to see spectacular images MOL body as it plays Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> Another reason Mol itself. Like Page, it serves as an example that the 1950 Southern belle everyone knows (or can at least imagine). Despite her profession, she is still a normal person, and still sees himself as religious. Mol plays it exactly the right amount of squeaky cleanliness needed to make this character feel authentic to the 1950s. She plays her with any factness, that it will be difficult to establish, not to think, saying that in fact Bettie Page herself. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, support reject are very few moments to shine, and completely overshadowed by the excellent performance of a pier. None of them do not do anything particularly enjoyable, and none of them really do not have the same power in their role as it does Mol. This is actually not the fault of the actors, but more than that, they do not have a lot of work. Many of them are completely known, such as the Oscar nominee Strathairn (as a little too close to one of his best performances), Sarah Paulson (the recent Golden Globe nominee for Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip), and character actor Lili Taylor but it will be difficult to install, really put their performance is nothing but good. None of these characters is not very developed, and they really just stand as a symbolic expression, Mol runs a loop around, as it raises the couples in her brilliant performance. <br /> <br /> In fact, this movie stands on its nudity, and for the excellent work of Gretchen Mol Bettie Page. Everything else is a bit too complicated and cumbersome than it should be. If more work has been done for the development of secondary characters, not just blast right through history, this movie would have been much better than a biopic. As it stands, it's just a vehicle for Mol, to really get up into the stratosphere of popularity as an actress. <br /> <br /> 7/10.
