Notorious Bettie PAGE By Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Director Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you identify the person who has always been between two worlds, one of the alleged sin, and one alleged foreclosure? Especially if the man eventually succumbed to a split personality disorder in her later years, as if to demonstrate his own point of view. If you are directed by Mary Harron, entirely evade display Push / Pull nature notorious Bettie PAGE. You allow the character to drift back and forth between the healing power of God and the forgiveness of the church and the seductive illusion of control and domination provided by Page during her years as a pinup model. By doing so, the viewer is offered a complex character, which is driven forward the desire to leave her troubled past with naive pleasure in someone else's lust for her and the struggle to reconcile its image in the eyes of God. Come at the right time, it will no longer matter how much an eye on it, because there is only one pair of which has a value. <br /> <br /> Shot mostly in black and white (with some unnecessary applause color), the notorious Bettie PAGE sometimes light, humorous comedy, which makes the film an enjoyable experience, and also the one that makes fun of how seriously people believe pornography corruption. But thin film director's hand felt palpable during Page's despair. Harron is a sensitive, attentive director who does not throw many punches and devastating Page's abuse in the name of its view. Instead, it allows surprisingly effective Gretchen Moll, who plays the title role, a chance to kill the pain of her character in the viewer with fear in his eyes, the exhaustion of her cries and shame on her skin. While the majority of the directors may, most men of directors would have found it necessary to show character in painful positions to make the link between the types of crimes that have been put to her and where her life took her, Harron has too much sympathy for her character, her actress and her audience. From fragility, page again learn to trust people, and as more and more photographers fall in love with her image, the more she falls in love with his passion and control it has over the eyes. By the time her posture transferred to S & M soft rod, she found a way to combine it with the need to respect the objectification she was accustomed all his life. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron-x Betty Paige woman who wants to control their lives and destiny, but ultimately always say, where to stand, how to smile, and what to wear. When she finally realizes that none of its variants was not her own, she wants to embrace God and preach his word to those who will listen. The true sadness for this most important decision is that it continues to allow someone to guide her blind; it just has more confidence that this trend will be better for her shower.
