Jodie Foster, Cherry Curry (former lead singer of the seminal rock band maiden refugees in its amazing ability acting debut), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh equally believable, beautiful and touching, as the titular quartet, which tightly -Knit click troubled, fiercely loyal teen girls negligent, uncaring, self-centered parents, who do their best to grow and stand up for themselves in the rich suburbs of the San Fernando Valley, California. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, addiction, and so on at the tender young age, when they are not fully prepared to fully enjoy the potential harmful consequences of these decisions. Foster, giving one of its most sensitive, touching and underrated performances to date, mainly den mothers group that oversees the welfare of both themselves and others; She was particularly concerned about a kind-hearted but foolish and suicidal Curry, whose casually hedonistic lifestyle makes it likely meet an untimely end. <br /> <br /> This pattern offers a poignant, insightful, often damaging confidence and thoroughly absorbing examination of broken, dysfunctional families that exist directly under a neatly trimmed surface suburb tragic and the net result of such families: tough, resilient, but miserable and vulnerable children, which must withstand the trials and tribulations of growing up themselves, because their parents are either too careless or even non-existent. Adrian ( "Fatal Attraction," "Jacob's Ladder") direction line is both durable and observation while the script Gerald AYRES 'somewhat messy and chaotic, but overall is still true in an open, rough, sentimental figure your average master keys kid neuro-wrackingly chaotic, capricious and unpredictable everyday life. soft, moist, almost pastoral cinematography Leon Bijou properly involves a delicate and easily destroyed by a sense of tranquility and innocence. Giorgio Moroder has organized an excellent rating, which makes particularly effective use of elegiac Donna Summer "on the radio." A top-notch cast includes Sally Kellerman as neurotic, insecure, moody mother Foster, Scott Baio as sweet skateboarder dude, Randy Quaid, as a rich older friend of Kagan British 60-pop singer Adam Faith as helpless absentee father, a rock promoter Foster and Lois Smith as strangulation Kagan, excessive mother. Appearing in short bits, Robert Romanus (Mike Damone «Fast Times at Richmont High») as one of the darkest Foster and ex-boyfriend awkward, braces-wearing Laura Dern as obnoxious Crasher. Aching authentic, exciting and deeply moving (grim ultimate fate Kari very heartbreaking), "fox" is quite simply one of the most obscure and misunderstood teenage films made about the beginning of the 80s as a teenager.
