... but the general run of moviegoers may vary Marie stylized form of "American Psycho» Harron at the American sexual psyche, as seen through the prism of the immortal queen of curves, Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> I will not bear any of the recitation of the cult status of Ms. Page, prim farewell to Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York in hopes of being an actress, and eventually becomes a bondage queen of the universe. I also will not work through the schematic bio-pass section «The Notorious Bettie Page," even though I offer a high prestige of the technical aspects of the film (animated sequence of the magazine covers the springs immediately to mind), the improper use of the camera in spite of this period. Finally, I will not peel duly applicability of the film's theme of innocence and perversion, freedom and control, sacred and secular; they are there for the audience to absorb, if they wish. The more things change, the more they stay the same, as they say. <br /> <br /> What I'm going to ramble on about it for a moment, a great performance Gretchen Mol as the Bettie Page. Truth is, the person supposedly looks almost nothing like Bettie, or in particular, it is built as a Batty (though only a fool would deny these beautiful breasts and do not fool me!). She did not even sport a thick, dark bush, hidden most intimate charms of Mrs. Page, but the fact remains that Mol fully embodies the spirit of Bettie Page in every way, shape and form. This bravado "comeback" by undeserved sex-obscurity. I never met Mrs. page (and, unfortunately, never will, most likely), but I swallowed photos and videos, and read all the biographies and interviews are available, buy trading cards and other fragments, and to be honest, I Ms. Page has since I first saw her in my teens between the dusty covers of magazines at the hairdresser tease and five and ten cents. Mol perfectly captures the essence of a woman, how I came to imagine it, no pun intended, is that I think an Oscar worthy performance. Liv Tyler was never able to match the intensity of the supposedly shining characterization in a million years, and I, for one, very grateful she left the project. Not that I mind seeing her completely naked, I hasten to add, but I can not imagine that her brand of sensuality be transferred to innocent exhuberance with Bettie Page. . <br /> <br /> "The Notorious Bettie Page" is not for everyone, more than bondage and discipline, I suspect that it will do much better than a drive-in theater; legions of loyal fans Page and curious will see to this. I can only hope that the DVD will be crowded enough extras Batty to show outsiders how well the work is done Mol. <br /> <br /> in addition, the tip of the hat to a fine supporting cast, especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paula and Irving Klaw, whose celebrity photo business was a doorway to immortality Bettie <br /> <br /> The last remark to the young scribe suggested that Ms. Page has no influence on his generation .: take a good look at Madonna's cone bra and get back to us. Betty Paige, did you know it or not , the true Godmother fetishwear. Without it, the Madonna and the rest of her family could never have existed.
