The film may be looking glass to see the world in a new light. Quiet night and successes, for example, offered a parallel with modern evidence-without-trial, and attacks on freedom. It's easier to explore the moral problem, if it is not too close to home: putting it in a fictional or historical context is removed from the immediate situation. With pornography, we consider ourselves to be "educated" and our ancestor, to be hardened strange ideas - usually involving fire and brimstone, but the definition of what is obscene can easily become a victim of ignorance and unscientific interpretation instead of evidence. Bettie Page was a cult icon of the era, which included not only of McCarthyism, but comic book ban (eg, Tales from the Crypt) on the grounds that they would have to turn young people into half-crazy delinquent juvenile. This film, which has developed from the key issues raised in her life, creates a dilemma that as relevant today as in 1950 <br /> <br /> Our film begins with two key scenes. In the first, we see a well-dressed, respectable looking man in a seedy shop. One of them asked to pictures of women in boots and curly constrained - it is under cover police conducted a sting. The second scene shows Bettie Page, waiting to be called as a witness, looking very demure as if she had just left the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50mins in black and white. Old-fashioned film effects such as wipes and fades add to the sense that we are seeing a movie from the past years, as well as the manner of gypsum, expertly restored 1950's stage, simultaneous slang phrases and laconic dialogue, related to the film industry with the period. Archive footage often sidebar - which will please many and annoy others. In keeping with its theme, the film is almost a collection of different types of photos on the move, and the old clips of fantastic beaches and attractions to contrast well against classical poses in Bettie hearken back to the age of magazines' health and nature. " ,, Although I will admit that if you are fascinated by the history, you can find the little jerky effect. <br /> <br /> Very soon, we are going in retrospect. Bettie avoids murdered Life Depression years in Nashville, enlivened only by the church singing and soul-saving, and goes alone to make their own way. After its initial success, her modeling work is divided into two areas: the main glamor work focusing on its more-rainbow smile, and "specialist interest" photo with dressing up in high-heeled boots and light bondage gear. In an earlier hearing (reminiscent of a scene with the character of Naomi Watts in Mulholland Drive - also known as Betty), it gives an idea full of emotions, contrasting with her usual animated, cheerful (but ultimately soft) from day -day expression. Is part of it is still unfulfilled? Bettie often rejected in auditions as soon as they realize that it is well-known pin-up girl. But we never asked for mercy Bettie Page: her abusive childhood quickly link and missed; when she is raped by four boys in his hometown, we see only a threat, and then sent Bettie and survivors, collecting themselves in a deserted forest, and putting on the brave face of someone who refuses to lie down and die. <br /> <br /> Although no nudity is not involved, it's a special interest in photography Bettie, that ultimately awaken problems. If we go back to the court, the opinion of a priest on the corrupting influence of such photographs are taken as evidence. Psychologist says authoritatively, as the pictures lead to "suicide, murder and psychosis" among young people who are exposed to them (probably not in that order). In the end, the star witness explains how his son's life came to an end as a result of these pictures - "will be" twisted to such. It is not clear how to be "tied up" leads to death). The text that accompanies the series Bettie photographs in a magazine to say how she was forced to endure the "terrible agony" with a fetish restrictions (the audience know that she actually found them fairly, and that the wording of the oars as the pictures themselves were pure dramatisations .) After a 12hr wait, Bettie told her proof - it is the one person who could claim that it was not completely snapped in agony - is "not required" in the "horrors" of the photos have been proven <br /.. > <br /> If all this sounds like the dark times that we have left, consider yadavnyae (2003) incident in which Ann Summers advertising was banned. He said, "fashion and passion whip at your local store" with a photograph of a woman's back. She wears a bra and a thong, and her hands handcuffed behind his back. Lingerie and Sex toy company, which is intended for women of consumers (and also supports charity combating domestic violence) said that its advertising is directed, "to give sexual confidence to women and always showed women to control their sexuality." it can be concluded that prejudice and ignorance to ledavannyav Betty Page still hold currency. <br /> <br /> Bettie religious beliefs are an integral part of history, just as the concept of sin is an integral part of Christianity and contributes to the "forbidden" nature of sexual pleasure are often distributed in the UK and the US - in contrast to the more factual approach, found in continental Europe. Arguably, the formula of sin and redemption, and "saved" even reflected in the conjugate that perpetuate the traditional male dominance. The policeman does approach the friendly (but sexually motivated) to Bettie outside the courtroom offering to "rescue" her from loneliness. Horse-in-shining armor could be gallant, but it also involves a woman in need of salvation. <br /> <br /> Love it or hate it, The Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and extraordinary film, and moral wake-up call for those who heard him. There is an excellent ensemble, which acts, and Gretchen Mol, and Betty, the beautiful, the whole film is a success or falls on its performance.
