Firstly, I have heard many good things about this film, not least among the retro / vintage stockings scene and fans who absolutely love Bettie Page, and it did not disappoint. Shot in a very clean black and white with color added for key scenes, the film gives a documentary feel to the early life and career Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> There are a lot of things I did not know about the page. Firstly, there was a gang rape, later, have its earlier attempts to develop an acting career and then a glamorous photos, first, the camera club populated with men who can not get enough of her, and then with the Klaws, Paul and Irving, who, despite taking bondage and fetish pictures come across very nice and friendly people. If only modern pornography producers were like, that may be a consequence of better porn! For the most part, the movie is neither a diatribe against the evils of pornography, and attempt to show the kind of environment that existed in the 1950s for those who make a fetish and nude photos of women. This environment was extremely oppressive, perhaps, in a good way, because it meant that there was no "saturation" effect, what we have today, when it comes to pornography. In addition, it was much less severe. Page comes across as someone who loves his job and does not degrade it. Many of her pictures she had seen bound and gagged (and trying to carry on a conversation), brandishing a whip with a flourish, thus exciting a photographer taking pictures of her and saw in the "style of initiation" girl bonding films that look quite tame compared to hardcore things that we have now. <br /> <br /> Page never become an actress, and instead of a deserted movie star when she was in the thirties for "Jesus Christ." Her faith in God and Jesus never goes away, even if they are connected and gagged, she still insists that she was given a "gift" from God to do "this thing." After seeing this film, I am more aware of the page, and in the fear in her modesty, beliefs and behaviors. She's one of a kind, compared with clones identified blondes kit we have today, and someone who can actually say: "Is there life after porn there.
