Although The Notorious Bettie Page is well acted and arrows, it is, at best, version of Cliffs Notes biography of Bettie in. The film mainly focuses on his work with Irving and Paula Klaw, brother and sister team that made most of her most famous photographs. It does not detail his life after posing, aside from its religious revival. He cites «The Real Bettie Page», Richard Foster as the source, but it ignores the later years of Bettie in mental illness and confinement in a mental hospital. The narrow focus of the biography can be discussed, but the majority of fans in Bettie and "civilians" are likely to be more interested in her modeling career, which is what they get. <br /> <br /> The film is well acted with Gretchen Mol faithfully reproducing the appearance of Bettie, as well as to convey the sweetness of her photos exuded. The nature of the game is pretty naive, likely a byproduct of the interview, Bettie data in recent years. It is more likely that Bettie was known about the nature of her pictures, but to streamline it, how to act and costumes. <br /> <br /> supporting cast is also outstanding, Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor played Irving and Paula Klaw and Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film suffers from John Willie character, played by Jared Harris. John Wiley never met Bettie Page and does not participate in photo shoots with the Klaws. Willie Harris plays a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his more depraved state. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of the cast, the film is a bit of disappointment in terms of depth. The story is quite quick and we never feel that we really know Batty. Much like its pictures, it is just an image. It is usually exaggerated prominence in Bettie. Her photographs were mainly seen in New York City and its environs, in a very narrow market underground and religious publications. Her real fame came after her pictures were reprinted in the late 70s and 80s, and the Cult of the Betty Page (her name is usually written) rose. The greatest impact in Bettie (pardon the pun) was of Playboy, being in question in January 1955 (Christmas photo that put in the reverse direction in the film). <br /> <br /> The film is well made, when shallow, he can not sustain the interest till the end and showcases a lot of wonderful performances. It hits the high points of life Betty, but ignores the many details that would give her a much greater depth. The ending is rather summed. It feels quite sharp. Nevertheless, the film is definitely worth seeing for those interested in Bettie, or even a period of time. The soundtrack is excellent, actually pulls the viewer into the 1950s. If nothing else, the film stands as a showcase for the growing sexuality America and clash with its Puritan past. It is also a quick look at the icon for both men and women.
