I had a vague idea of ​​who was Bettie Page, in part because of its appearance in the very wee days of Playboy (apparently, when she got her picture taken with her and her Santa hat, just that she did not know, that the magician was). The film co-written and directed American Psycho, Mary Harron, concretizes the main part of her life quite well. Southern belle church goer has a negative experience, and leaves them behind to look for the best time in New York, where it falls into the simulation, and then much more. Soon it becomes a ground pin-up sensation with nilly obvious (and the "famous" in the title) traits attributed to her. Actress Gretchen Moll reflects it, and down the spirit of the woman as well as she could, that in fact a lot of the film's success. It is not simplistic in nature, even if sometimes it is questionable ideas of morality ( "well, Adam and Eve were naked, is not it?" She commented a couple of times). Apparently, the filmmakers to leave the later years of life, Page and get away from it in the form of a sacrificial period, leaving behind Jesus shoots. <br /> <br /> In general, Notrious Bettie Page is not much more than a view of a conventional bio-pic, represented by HBO films, although this time the stamina for the production of feature films. Best scenes, Harron capture pages in it "doubtful" positions to obtain photographs of her in over-the-top poses and starring in funny films whips and chains and leather coats. This adds a much needed comic relief in the otherwise ordinary nature of the film. This does not mean that the story behind it is uninteresting, which includes a government investigation into the "head", released from such photographs and underground magazines. But not much time is given to explore more than just hint to Page and its complexity or its relationship or sex and fifties. All this gives a very neat black and white look, and sometimes it seemed that Harron has progressed some of the black-and-white photos to be tinted more as he walked. This kind of watchable, if you are not well aware of Betty Page, and probably for the fans too.
