I liked it ... just ... I liked it, do not like the animated series ... I love it !!!. The fact that it makes it less attractive is that we all try to compare and evaluate, but the cartoon was strange, but it really did not like it that much. There are too many people talking about Bruce to be so cold, but if it's about 5 years later, someone in the fight against crime gang would get angry and is darker attitude, so it's not a drawback for me. Batgirl was strange she really fits there, as there are no more than Dick Grayson as the Robin, Batman needed a good teammate, not like the new Robin, he's just a kid, and you can not expect that much for a child. Heres But, that does not work: New work ... it's not terrible, but ... I does'nt work in series like Batman. It is a dark character, with a maniacal killer, like a joker, so you can not put this kind of art in this cartoon, the Jester is not a bad design, but I still like last joker (but I'd better joker ever there was one, who appeared in batman for: return of the joker), so it is entirely beside the joker as well. The good thing about the joker that it still Hamill voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (they love it) they put a strange episode for her: Mad Love (I was the best episode of the series). Here we finally find out how she turned to Harley Quinn, and as a joker twisted her mind, and I feel that the atmosphere that you feel in the animated series, darker entirely happy ending, a tough fight with the Joker (but too short), it's like it should have been all series. But in general I do not like the way it made Harley in this series ... in almost every episode they put a funny, but in a funny way, she got punched, she said nonsense, it does vices c'mon ... it's funny because as you can laugh with her, not from her ... and now they put a funny (as I said, the only episode where I do not think it's crazy in love and beware of vines) so that overall its a good series, it is the upsides and downs, the picture may be better (my good !!! nail Catwoman !!!!) good sound effects, nice music, nice voice, etc. emnyya episodes: my favorite, mad love, jokers millions, old wounds, Sins of the Father and the cold comfort. If you liked Batman: TAS you can look at it, but not too many specifications, on the other hand, if you have not seen TAS, watch it first, and then look TAS how you really will love TAS: D
