If you were not there, then, unfortunately, this film is for the sympathy to you. That, as I say, it's a shame, because although some of the acting amateurish, it's meant to be for realism. Let's face it - in real life, we do not say things or perfect demanding, even if we have in mind. In this sense, it works. This, however, does not apply to our "famous" actors in this film, in particular, Jodie Foster (born naturally). The fact that the other 3 girls are not achieved only adds to the story - Jody plays glue that is struggling to maintain its close friendship, even with a clear sense of mortality. This means that no matter how close friends, after all, there are some people who just do not fade, no matter how hard you try. <br /> <br /> And this is the essence of the film. This is not about parties, it's not about sexuality, but these 4 girls and their last time as more young girls before they have to go alone in the world. <br /> <br /> If you have ever had a friendship like in your life, you will feel this film - it would mean a lot to you, no matter what era it is set, or what era you grew We all knew that these girls are in school, or at least knew. them. We all knew disappointed virgin, half wanting to hold on childhood and half desperate to grow up and think that will do it for her. We all know the boy-lunatic, fashion plates, vanity hides her fear of the world, her fear of the adoption. We all knew that party girl, the one that they were whispering about fairy tales not only her boring married life, but it is notorious deeds. And we all knew that the "mother figure", a little more real, a little more reasonable, a little sad, because she knew what would happen. Maybe you're one of those girls. Maybe, like me, you've been in every single one time or another ... <br /> <br /> This film really captures what a delicate time in life when they want, need, pressure, womanhood, childhood, peace and loneliness all embodied in the head of each of the female, each factor on the precipice. Which aspect do you hang on? not that you throw over the edge, no matter how you hold? And how painful this parting with all that you know? That's what this film - steps into womanhood, and cling to childhood, and how damn hard it is to keep going. If you were there, you know ... and I love this film as I am. Sore and tender made. Thin piece of womanhood captured.
