The low-budget companies in which the filmmakers themselves in the production and distribution of DVD-discs themselves, perhaps we should not expect too much from the Brocken in the form of a disk. Yet, what is most remarkable in the whole, this achievement is the fact that this release comes with enough additions to shame James Cameron DVD and decisively fine presentation. <br /> <br /> As for the latter, the only major drawback is that Broken comes with no anamorphic transfer. Otherwise, we get the film in its original 1.85: 1 ratio, the sun showing no technical shortcomings and looks pretty much like you'd expect. Indeed, given Ferrari a hands on approach in putting together this CD, you can pretty much guarantee this fact. <br /> <br /> The same applies to the sound. It offers both DD2.0 and DD5.1 ​​mix and while I was uncertain as to which should be regarded as "original", the fact that Ferrari has been the involvement of both the means nor should be considered as subordinate. Indeed, despite the fact, DD5.1 ​​can offer more than the atmosphere of viewing experience thanks to the manner in which it is used by both equally well and free of technical flaws. <br /> <br /> As for the additional disk services positively overwhelmed by them. See the sidebar on the right side of the screen, and you will see many comments, cargo shorts, and various galleries. Indeed, given the manner in which it was broken into small pieces, rather than compiled into a long documentary, there really is little to discuss. "Anatomy of a trick," a short film, for example, is exactly what it claims to be, and the same goes for the other parts. So we get a lot of coverage on ever aspect of the Brocken's pre-production, production and post-production. And although it might be preferable to find them more easily digestible as a whole, "manufacturing", so we have easy access to any features we want to see. <br /> <br /> Because of the different pieces, it is possible only comments that are in need of any discussion. On the other hand, there is also a predictable air to each of the tracks of the chat. One with actors over humorous and does not take the film too seriously. Ferrari parts are incredibly enthusiastic about it all. And the technical ones, well, very technical. Of course, we also get a crossover that have been covered elsewhere on the disk, but only 19 minutes none of the parts of the Sun outstay their welcome. Indeed, in the end, a great add-ons package.
