After the grandeur of traps, it was unlikely that a further output for Hanzo could have done better, and it does not violate these expectations, but this is a great movie and sits neatly between the fun, but dirty the first chapter and a stunning second in terms of quality and general entertainment. The script of the film takes place Masumura, Yasuda and have some parallels with the snare, and the expected Hanzo fun film, but the film ring nice little change in the formula of the amps up the nature of humor managed, as well as giving the film more quiet, reflective edge. The film begins with a frightened ghost Hanzos assistants, and usually solves that he must have the physical knowledge of this ghost. It turns out that the ghost to serve as a guard for a cache of stolen coins and of this setting is unfolding story of theft, corruption, usury, with the expected violence and inaccurate results. Katsu is terrific, as expected Hanzo, encountering a death fighter force and sexual power of nature, he is equally good in moments of humor and knowledge of a cute, almost ordinary gentleman in moments of drama is beautifully rounded performance filled with social consciousness and touching the edge of personal feelings. Expected comedy comes off nice as well, his moments of "Snake» Magobei, perhaps the most fun of the series while his interaction with his servants kookily interesting as ever. Although carefully loaded throughout with good moments, a fair amount of action and a bit of a song, the film does lose a little with a relatively low-key approach. There are shades of both previous films, the sketches, the tempo and the mind recall snares and when the film aims to sleaze, she is doing very well, with the fluid and powerfully impressive start of a sequence of interrogation. Equally, though, the director Yoshio Inoue is potentially raunchy scene in a more experimental way, as Kenji Misumi in the less well-handled swords of justice work, the consequences are sometimes very nice, like a man playing a melody on the cat, with big plans his fingers plucking the strings as he unbeknownest Hanzo plows his wife, but sometimes a bit weak, like an orgy, which is reduced to the bare free psychedelic swirl of limbs in motion that just looks confused. Nudity and bloodshed tend to exaggerate a pity, although there is a little bit like a stronger approach would work better, it is certainly the kind of film where poor and uncontrollably nudity and violence are the most suitable. But even with less in the way of exploitation of the goods are all thoroughly entertaining material predictable moments forged with aplomb, and there are more than enough intrigue and excitement, even some effective surprises to go around. His film for the fans really playing with the work set out in the previous parts and works sweet, if not spectacularly with him. In total, almost pleasant, if slightly spoiled the end of a great trilogy, the second best of them and well worth a look for fans of such things.
