After the brilliant "Goyôkiba" (the so-called "Hanzo Razor - Sword of Justice", 1972) and his beautiful (and even sleazier) continuation of "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzo Jigoku Žemė" (aka "Razor 2: Snare", 1973.), this "Goyôkiba: Oni Hanzo yawahada Sun Koban" aka. "Razor 3: Who won the Golden" is the third, and unfortunately the last installment in the saga of the strange samurai integrity Constable Hanzo «The Razor» Ittami (brilliantly played a great Katz), who is fighting against corruption with his combat experience as well as his great sexual power. As a big fan of 70s exploitation film made in Nippon, "Sword of Justice" instantly became my favorite, and I was, therefore, more than trying to find the extensions, and full of anticipation, I finally stumbled upon them in the last time. Although this is the third film "Hanzo" just not as brilliant as its predecessors it is certainly another big piece of the cult movie that is not a fan of Japanese exploitation cinema can not afford to miss. "Who won the Golden" a little tamer than the previous two films Hanzo, but it's just as brilliantly funny and rude humor, and immediately begins fabulously odd: the film begins when two assistant Hanzo see a female ghost while fishing. Having always wanted to sleep with a ghost, Hanzo insists that his team lead him to the place of occurrence ... If it's not a promising start for an amazing experience in the film, I do not know what it is. Katz, one of my personal favorite actors, once again brilliantly as Hanzo, a role that seems to have been written especially for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, stubborn and fearless cop who hates corruption and intentionally offend their superiors, and whose unique survey techniques include the raping of women suspects. Interviewed women than immediately falling on him, because of his sexual power and a huge penis which he trains in a rather grotesque routine ritual. I will not give more about the story in the "Who got the gold", but I can guarantee that it is as cool as it sounds. That support the performance is also very good, and, as in the precursors, there are plenty of funny eccentric characters. This, unfortunately, the last film in the series frighteningly sleazy "Hanzo". If they made 20 sequels more, I'd love to watch them all! The entire series Hanzo is brilliant, and while this third part is slightly inferior compared to its predecessors, it is definitely a must-see for all fans of the cult movie! Oh, how I want them to make more sequels!
