L'Hypothèse th tableau vole / The Hypothesis of the Stolen Painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old, three-storey Parisian house. Inside we meet the collector, an elderly man who apparently devoted his life to the study of six well-known existing paints vague impressionist era artist, Tonnerre. Narrator reads various epigrams about art and painting, and then engaged in a dialogue with the collector, which describes the picture to us, shows them to us, tell us a little about the artist and the scandal that brought him down, and then tells us that he was going to show us that then .... <br /> <br /> When he walks through the door, we enter into another world, or worlds, or may stretch to the limit, other possible worlds. Collector shows us through it, seemingly limitless home, including a large yard full of trees from the mountain; within these boundaries are 6 paintings come to life, or halfway to life as it comes to us through a variety of paintings and describes to us the possible values ​​for each picture, work as a whole, with all the secret history of the paintings, the scandal, the people in the pictures, a novel that may have inspired the painting. And so on and so forth. In every room, every description leads us deeper into the maze, and constantly Collector and narrator participate in their individual monologues, it sometimes comes in the dialogue, but mostly remain separate and distinct. <br /> <br /> I've watched it a second time, so strange and powerful and it was indescribable, and so difficult to think or write. If I have a guess as to what it all adds up to, it would be a sly satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation. The indicator can be found in two of the funniest and inexplicable scenes in which collector create some asexual plastic figures - the second of them, it also looks at the photographs taken of the figures, which reflect the poses in the pictures - - then he walks through his collection which now consists partly of a full-size versions of the figures. When we think about it too much, and not only enjoy it, it all becomes a faceless plastic .... <br /> <br /> I can I come to any definite conclusions about the «L'Hypothèse du Tableau voles "or not, I can say that beyond the early (and simultaneous) works of Peter Greenaway as" Walk on H ", I rarely so involved with something so deep, so severe, so tight ... .and in heart, naughty and fun.
