The project was originally conceived as a film adaptation of the popular Japanese manga Slamdunk! and this is not something new to Jay Chou, who made his debut in the film playing a character from another wildly popular manga Initial D. was at the same time decided to include some of kung fu in the movie, so hence the name, even if the idea is not very original, with Stephen Chow Shaolin Soccer comes to mind with the martial arts and ball games combined. <br /> <br /> However, and fortunately, those scenes where kung fu is really affected the game have been kept to a minimum and Kung Fu Dunk, really do not need, because they do not add a lot to the plot or to entice a lot of excitement, and most offered some cheap laughs and thought of the time when Stephen Chow used kung fu to football games. Jay Chou comfortable in his role as a military artist Fang Shi-jie, since it is not the first time when he was struggling with martial arts (Curse anybody Golden Flower?), And under the guidance of stunt Ching Siu-Tung, he was made to look really believable as he Gromit countless gangsters at the bar, as seen in the trailer, just so you know who's boss. <br /> <br /> It was almost why his character made a kung fu practitioner, and then give him an excuse to be a top shot, able to shoot hoops from almost any angle. And with Eric Tsang as a small-time Hustler Chen-Lee, who sees his potential and becomes his agent, he joined the university to play varsity basketball, but not without first objection captain Ting-Wei team (Chen Bo-Lin) and commands star Xiao-Lan (Baron Chen, in his debut on the big screen). But you know, with the team members on the same side, it is not before long they are joining forces to take on the enemy on the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I'm going to stick my neck, to say that this film is a basketball just about how the goal was football. He made the sport look good because of its charismatic characters, despite their dig so much coolness and aloofness to the courts. Here, special effects and wire work were used to make the actors look like the professionals who can take out a top side in the league NBA Team, and to be honest, really looked awful, especially if they mimic different dipping motion, and performing combo- moves through technology and spectacular works. Thus, in reality, kung fu elements really should not be in the film. Sam trick work will be able to meet most of the steps as they are well-founded reality, only with you to suspend belief that the average height of boys have springs in his legs to jump this height for professional dunk. <, Br /> <br /> It is a pity also that the number of games were only a few, with the time spent on a lot of plot, but each were poorly developed and flitted in and out of the history of how and when they want. Things like abandoned the search for Shih CH, to use a basketball game to get his father one day visit them, gangsterism penetrating and influencing the game, and his personal life with Charlene Whose role in another flower vase just look good and do nothing another. Everyone is a little too cool, leaving little room for the main characters to add depth. One of the key issues here is the awareness of the importance of working together, rather than on the individual talents and abilities, and it could be inferred a much stronger if the players interacted much more on court than only on him, and on time. competitive games, in addition to high-fives and friendly passes <br /> <br /> with a $ 10 million budget, it is easy to see where the money went to - the effects, in particular, the massive fantasy sequence at an important moment in the film. It's pretty perfect, nice to look at and is probably justified only on one of its quality, but again I would like to emphasize that even without these elements, he basketball tricks to still make it a decent movie with exquisite basketball moves. And with Jay Chou plays for your team is a great incentive for any hope of a box office success.
