Large Vincent Price made a lot of science fiction horror films, some of which vary among the biggest genre gems of all time. The greatest achievement of the Price was undoubtedly his films in the 60s with such films as brilliant Poe Roger Corman cycle (still the biggest horror series of all time), Michael Reaves "Witchfinder General" (1968) and Ubaldo Ragon in «The Last man on Earth" (1964), denoting the final moments of the career of this brilliant man. Movies that glorify the man, and thus made him immortal Horror icon he is, however, date back to the 50s, with "House of Wax" (1953), devoted to his rise to fame. «The Mad Magician» 1954 worth a story that is very similar to its successful predecessor. This does not mean, however, that this film is not the original, enthusiastic and absolutely horrible great gem. Since the line above may suggest, Vincent Price's my favorite actor, and, while I personally would not afford to miss anything the man who was, none of my colleagues, supporters people may miss this little gem. <br /> <br /> The cost stars as Don Galico (aka. Galico Great), an underrated master magician and inventor of magical devices, whose boss, sleazy businessman, stole his wife (Eva Gabor) from him. If the boss picks up one of the great inventions Galico and transmits it to your opponent, The Great Rinaldi (John Emery), Galico snaps and murderous spree of revenge begins ... <br /> <br /> Do not we love Vincent Price, when he revenge? Some of his most famous and greatest films such as "The Abominable Dr. Phibes" (1971) or "Theater of Blood" (1973) was about the absurd i admired terrible revenge killings, and this before the film in the horror of his career with 'it is another proof that no revenge like Vincent Price. This film provides an amazingly eccentric leading role of the price, which, as always, provides brilliant performance and guarantees 70 minutes of outrageous entertainment and fun grim for each fan Horror. Other must-see for my fellow supporters prices.
