Lost is probably the best series t.v ever made. Storyline wise, and when all of your questions answered by watching one episode, more than 100 elated. in case of loss can carry on this excellent way and not get too carried away, it will be to sew the best show ever. Survivors of a plane crash are forced to live with each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world, which creates a unique threats of its own. after reading this your thinking, how on earth could that be interesting? and here's your answer, every season so far has always been full of surprises, your always ask your self why what just happened and what will happen in the next each time, very suddenly, what had happened, and the story goes strange YET! The series just sucks you in, it's a horrible and very addictive, all of the great founders and directing for the beautiful game actors create a very believable story. Losses incredible, amazing, very interesting, at the highest level, t.v this best.How if you want to put it. <br /> <br /> Lost beating the rest of the show landslide. And if your hate or criticize Lost you do not know how to look t.v or playing drama. Lost simply disappointing, you could think of a series of holding for so long can not keep getting better. But it does! It's just keep on passing is unlike anything you ever think off. "Everything is in vain." And it really is mentioned in the series. Eventually you reach a point were all the keys and all that has happened or is to be done. You will feel and understand how the characters have changed, how and why things happen. <br /> <br /> 10 minutes of excitement: you see something you do not see coming, something big happened to the character or on an island. Where hope. Do you see a major turn, that can or will change everything. You hear churn your thoughts, you wonder what will happen next. Your heart beats. 30 minutes gloss: You see the perfect scene, the building tension, you hear great music by Michael Giacchino. You see a big flash back, impressive acting. You see, wit, a chilling atmosphere, which then get converted back into a voltage. <br /> <br /> Everyone has there show that they are addicted and they can not get enough of what they are addicted to every minute and can "t wait for the next episode, what they say about 24/7. Too me and many others is this series. We lost. Once you start watching, you will not get enough. The creators have done an excellent job. Lost and absolutely unique and original, you will not see anything like that. A reasonable idea of ​​"retrospection and Flash-forward" and something big and different in every season settling his thoughts. Will they ever make a series like "Lost"? Something so interesting and that you will always remember. He was just stunned the world when he hit a tanker new generation of drama / science fiction. Instant classic before it reached out to the audience. <br /> <br /> I'm sure you've all heard, and lost it 5 star reviews, and your annoying friend who will not stop talking to you about it, so what prevents you to watch? <br /> <br /> Each episode leads to something new, and it just does not stop getting better, you get more interested in how it goes together, you know, the things that are on the island, you even not to think away. Symbols are starting to become very nice, and if your critic type you would like to see Lost in more detail, such things as how the relationship between the characters are developed and how they are exploring ways to look at and take on the challenges of the island. All together this is a great drama and flawless series. I think we just hope that all is lost will not be a drop in the episodes come and go away ..... so if you do not look lost, read the comments from the top again, and you should change your mind. Seeing is believing, so that by the beginning of the show, you never know .I highly recommend this masterpiece series: Lost !! start watching !!! You've never seen anything as long as you do not look lost !!!
