Starting to work on this film when it was done in the summer of 1990 Shot partly in the Biltmore Estate in Asheville, North Carolina and other parts in Winston-Salem. Massive offices RJ Reynolds have been used in several scenes and office locations around the beautiful city that knows how the tulip capital of the world Winston-Salem! I enjoyed my work, but it was extremely hard work builds all the sets as Mexico golfs where Rene Russo and Belushi went on their date. I also had a big hand in the decoration of the bar, where Larry meets a charming bartender Mr. Destiny. I attached all the pictures on the wall and is decorated with sports heroes that phone booth, where Larry is making a phone call for a taxi. I even put the mother pictures at eye level, so that I could freeze a frame and display it when we watched it. I remember how to paint the grass on their old house with green paint, because he first had to be sodded (it was a new house in a new development, and I believe that they rented it for the film) .. so cut that the newly laid turf to make it nice..man, it was hard! As for the film, when we did this, we had no idea that it would be, but after seeing it I fell in love with it because it actually tells the story of "what if" as good as I've ever seen him, including a large This is a wonderful life. I cried so many times <br /> <br /> I can not count. I have to meet a wonderful actor Michael Caine during the filming of a scene in an old ballpark minor leagues, where they played and beat Larry adolescence stage . I remember when he did take were heading back to my trailer, I ran to it and wash ive had a picture, and he was very polite and said "why not!" He's a good guy and a very natural and strong actor. I can not say the same for Jim Belushi..he was so full of himself, smoking Cuban cigars and large speak loud enough <br /> <br /> all in earshot could hear every word. his career was never to take off, but it was a decent TV career lately. I'd say, watch this movie if you ever get the chance. It's great and very heartfelt and real. You can feel the pain of Larry after he enters a new world of Mr. Fate gives him after hitting the homer, and how he wants so badly for people to believe that he is, everyone thinks that he is not a bad guy. They all think that they belong in the nuthouse! But in the end he wins people over, but by the time he wants to be a real life back so much, especially his wonderful wife, I played so beautifully Linda Hamilton..a he wants his dog! So see.
