While the original one thousand nine hundred thirty-two version, Preston Foster, has been good, there is a remake of a more dignified than one thousand nine hundred fifty-nine one or more can not be found anywhere, just as I strongly suspect, Mickey Rooney, has something to do with it. Never could a performance has ever been so skillfully brilliant script or a thought-provoking as well as an improvement on the original. Many years after the last of my multiple views of the film, in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney Describing the visit he made on death row, and that seems very determined liquidated regardless of a sense of personal identification, he d felt with people in similar circumstances. The article was as brief as the main character here, and does not cover a lot but the extent to which his extreme disappointment as the prisoners he had backed up, even in a language I do not care it is obvious to quote ,,,,, One of my main the problems of the death penalty is that, of course, is not uniformly applied impartially, and many innocent people are far too casually, thus unnecessarily sent to meet this particular fate. Another problem I have with it is that it is not applied quickly enough, or, for that matter, even quite openly! The Bible makes it a special place, in such cases, about one of the most important goals, such as constraint, being obscured by inefficient, minus, not only the public view, but also the direct participation of all! As for those who argue that prove statistically that this is not an effective deterrent? The annex to the presence of the problem of the reliability of its data, I have little, if any objectively refuted doubt many behind bars right now to the extent that this is not a deterrent. Nevertheless, I have a problem that Robert Duvall, in the Apostle, was punished at all for his specific "crime", or that the only hope for forgiveness for such as it must be based on "temporary insanity" defense as if it will serve as the sole acceptable justification of its kind deal. ,,, The application to various other issues related to Mickey Rooney motives for this particular visit, he said, about the answers to which I can only try to speculate, I suspect that the main one with a clearly religious nature. I do not know exactly when he became a Christian, he is doing this is a special moment when it is possible to emphasize that it is; but as someone who should be well known to a special category of people who tend to be most strongly from the blood when it comes to extracting an eye for an eye. However, I do not have a particular bone of contention over the fact in itself, just as there is no doubt that the Scripture says that not all and perhaps not even the majority, should be spared the same final fate in the hands of the Lord, as a result of His sacrifice on the cross. However, there is a problem, for me, a spirit or attitude with which many Christians who profess to emphasize their enthusiasm to death; because, unlike the Lord Himself, who would like to see all the saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), they seem to go with the vengeance of their way to find reasons to judge! ,,, The fact that most of the people on both sides of this highly undying question may not be enough to evaluate is what the Lord, as a dynamic and subtle gentle nature, since it heavily. The two sides of his character seems so inherently incompatible to give him insane, at least a strictly human reckoning. Nevertheless, no matter how painful the immense this wonderful dynamic mix of water and oil in his nature, of course, there can be no doubt that something is missing it, or something fanatically, and is characterized by either one or the other side of this equation is inadequate and falls unacceptably short the judicial truth. In fact, I have seen the most blood-curdling thirst the same to go out on their own rather contradictory, on far too many times, each time categorically Penalty protector against death face, even in the most rational equilibrium path, so that, even though the Lord has died all, not all, so they will be saved. After-all, in order to obtain absolution, it is necessary to repeat the same term, to go out and get it, that is, to repent (Luke 13: 3-5). What could make more sense? ,,, But, what about the Lord's command to forgive, even if his enemies, those who despise and persecute you without a good reason or provocation? One of the far too prevalent difficulty with this kind of sentimentality, popularly misinterpreted because it obscuringly oversimplifies the real meaning of forgiveness. The act of forgiveness is not in itself mean the same thing, which is certainly free one forgiven. If one takes a decidedly sober, rational well-balanced view here, in terms of their own, it's all God's relationship really comes down to a fervent desire that one will be easier to eventually succeed in finding his way, seeing the light, and to be granted mercy. This attitude, of course, very opposed to, say that Jonah, who actually resented it when God told him that his message to the people of Nineveh would have led to their repentance. Ion did not want to repent, but vengeance is desirable that they be destroyed. How confidently, calmly, like the majority of professing Christians, he was, in addition, that even his reasons were, of course, better than most! Jonah envy almost as much as he would have me! However, other less repentance for forgiveness, any excuse, he can get from a true Christian is not going to do him any good. In this case, the only advantage is himself a true Christian!
