New York is one person above all others, it is possible, immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is the sworn protector of humanity, using their magical powers to keep his brother and rival, bondage, chained so that it can not enslave humanity. Well, do not you know that? The prophecy comes true and Kabal Beats, and begins to collect items (in the number of platinum and uranium) for his alchemical experiments. With the help of the police woman named Sam, can Mordrid defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Mordrid» comes to me affectionately, Charles band in the Full Moon Archive Collection. I have not heard about it, it's a bit strange, considering that I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid) and the film is not so old. But now it's mine, and I can enjoy again and again. The film, of course, have fun in the Full Moon classic style. Richard Band provides music (which is not much different from any other of its assessment) and Brian Thompson plays the evil Kabbalah. We even animated dinosaur bones! What else do you want? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I felt most of the film was a rip-off of Doctor Strange comic. And blue pantsuit was stupid. And the plot holes everywhere (I could list at least five, but why). And why is the ancient symbol of Kabbalah Mordrid and looks suspiciously like the hammer and sickle? Combs has never been a strong actor, so it fits right in with the cheese. This is not a complaint. Full Moon fans are waiting for these things, and eat them as cracks laced grape nuts. I am guilty ... I loved this movie. <br /> <br /> If you are not a fan of Full Moon, or fan Jeffrey Combs ... you can look elsewhere. But if you want early 1990s style movie making and hairstyles, you will have it. Stallone and Schwarzenegger supporters could see Brian Thompson as the villain, looking as goony as ever, and not being able to teach the English language beyond the third grade level. I did. I wish that was «Mordrid II», but the company that makes a sequel almost all (it «Gingerdead Man 3" really necessary?) Passed on it.
