I really liked the "Doctor Mordrid». This low-budget film and maybe scare off some, but I have no problem with that. I admire him more for it, believing that it is WAY more interesting than the nonsense that Hollywood churns out every year. It is a pity that it did not receive a theatrical release; I do not know about anyone else, but I would go to see it in theaters. `Dr. Mordrid» is a very interesting science fiction movies that just anyone can enjoy, especially if they are in fiction, like me. I do not understand why it's R-rated film; Only one e-way, and there is no terrible death scenes, and there is no blood at all. Endless rivalry between magicians and Kabbalah Anton (Anton wanted to use his powers to save the human race, while the boar would enslave them), gave the story a sense of charm, while the mythical story added charm of the story itself. Basically, it's a movie, it's just fun to watch. There is one unintentionally funny thing about this film, though: seeing Jeffrey Combs keeping the cold face, while wearing that stupid blue cloak and suit. It makes me laugh every time I see it. But I digress ... Anyway, whichever is greater; protagonists (Anton, and his girlfriend, Samantha), very nice; Anton helpful and welcoming, and Samantha is friends. In addition, the settings were beautiful. Floating island to another dimension was very cool setting; we only got a glimpse of him twice, though; it would be great to see more scenes occur here. The main installation was also very neat; Anton apartment is very spacious, and it has some interesting tools, especially the monitoring system it uses to monitor the entry into the world. He even has a pet raven that he keeps in his apartment named Edgar. Overall, this is a great movie; it was fun to watch, and the main actors put a lot of feelings in their roles. If you can find somewhere that rents `Dr. Mordrid», you have to rent it (or, in my case, to buy It's definitely money well spent.) <br /> <br /> My Rating: 8 stars with ten. <br /> <br />
