The film "Hall" is the story of a young girl who was sold by her impoverished family and smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the infamous "K11 must be" red light village. In the movie, Holly is waiting to be sold at a premium for her virginity when she meets Patrick, who is losing money and friends through gambling and bar fights. Patrick Hall and have a direct link on their "stubbornness", but it's broken when Hall sold a child trafficker and disappears. As moviegoers, we then stuck chasing Patrick again find Holly. Holly then shows her willingness to leave this way of life, but her confusion on what is right and wrong. "Hall" takes us through the beautiful and harsh Cambodia, discovering that Holly is not just one girl. It is the voice of the millions of children who are exploited and violated every year without any rights or protection. <br /> <br /> Holly less extreme than his subject has to offer, such as documentaries, which include 4-year-olds and sex trafficking, but still manages to throw light on the Cambodian / Vietnamese trafficking of children into prostitution. This is a touching story that helps to shed light on the terrible situation in which many children are facing and their struggle to trust and understand what is right and wrong. <br /> <br /> Patrick, the antagonist of the film American dealer of stolen artifacts, which are also losing money and friends while playing cards and getting into bar fights. While on the road his bike runs out of fuel and he is forced to stay in a brothel. During his stay, he catches Holly, twelve year old girl who was sold by her father and abducted into slavery and prostitution. Hall and Patrick start a friendship of trust and understanding. He discovers a smart, stubborn girl injured by the appearance and becomes determined to save her - even though their relationship is strictly platonic misinterpreted almost everyone they meet. If she suddenly disappears, he begins a journey to track it down without thinking, if it can really help her. <br /> <br /> Holly may take on its way to another brothel when she jumps off the truck and works in the field, filled with mines. Mine sets off a cow, and the truck driver said that she was dead, so Holly then left on her own. During a trip to find Patrick Holly, he meets a social worker, who is trying to instruct him and shared with him the facts that frequents the Cambodian region. The idea of ​​paying for their freedom simply fuels the demand, she explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - maybe 60,000 next year. "I'm not trying to save 60,000," he says to her: "I'm trying to keep one 'Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​whisking her to safety quickly dispelled when the social worker tells him that the US would not allow him to take, and although it takes five. minutes to "save" a child, it takes five years to reintegrate her into society. Patrick does not depend on the information, and he continues his quest to find Holly. <br /> <br /> audience is then shown that Holly does him in a small town in search of food with other homeless children. Then she meets on me stsovymi police, who seem to be a little better than criminals with a badge if they sell her to another brothel, and then bargain for a Vietnamese businessman then takes her virginity. Holly, what seems to think that it was her fate, and when Patrick finally find her, she is ready to "yum yum" and "boom boom" her distant friend. Patrick really confused, this change in behavior, but he was not deterred in his plan to get her out of this world. In the end, he kidnaps her and brings her to a safe ground in the comfort of a social worker. Holly is given fresh clothes if fed and led to a dance class, but she is not allowed to see Patrick. This intense desire to be in the comfort of friendship Patrick, she runs away from the safe house and back on the street in Cambodia. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Patrick has been the decision to leave the country and flee back to the US or remain in Cambodia. His thoughts keep returning to Holly and during a visit to the bar; senior man sees a picture he holds and comments about his sexual appetite, when he had sex with her. This infuriates Patrick, and he falls into a man and runs away from the bar. In the end, Patrick caught by the police in the eyes of Halle, which is hidden behind the sixth. <br /> <br /> In the movie "Hall" can make viewers want to donate money to organizations that improve the lives of these poor young people, and even the company to reduce the number of public houses in the region, but the dramatic film can reduce the disadvantages his chances of being seen by enough people to make a difference. Overall, I think the concept is better as a documentary, and it was not so pathetic, like a movie. The actors did a great job showing their raw emotion and the present mix of young people who are affected by this lifestyle, but in the end, the harsh life of the region and in despair representation of parents who sell their children to maintain their own starvation, not doing anything, to help children's situations.
