After enjoying this show for many years, I use to dream, to be able to see them all again and share them with your grandchildren. I'm so happy to pay a small amount for the memories that I have found recorded on the DVD. Florida was a caring mother and loving hard working husband, a spoiled beautiful daughter and two sons, as different as night and day. Michael, the son of a child is the freedom walkers and JJ clown. I know that many African-Americans do not like this show, but I know that many of them can be treated and should accept it as it was. My heart was sad when I learned that Esther Rolle passed. Tyler Perry is now a leading writer and actor today, I support his work, but not as much as it did such a harsh mockery Rolla in one of his plays. No one should hear ugly things about appearance. The show started getting less interesting, when Dad died, James. He took a bit if Florida had remarried, but fell when it adopted absence from the show. Overall, the show was great, and I'll be glad to have a copy of my past. I try to keep up with the work of the former stars Good Times, and I must say that they are a group that has not been destroyed by the up and down rumors. I think that today's children will enjoy this show, and I have no problem to sit and watch the children. Congrats to the writer, the crew and stars over the years have renewed memories of a time that I can once again enjoy without a scene. <br /> <br /> OK, so I again and again to watch the show. Recently, I noticed that there forced me to reconsider the series, but do not love them. I think that Florida was a bit sharp when it came to the money that the children did. Not that children do not need supervision, but it was done in a way that makes Florida different parent. Scenes where Florida had to say about how other people were not very good looks bothers me now. If James was alive, the show made a big thing out of James wanted his own Fix-it shop, but never lived to see his family out of the projects, but Florida marries who owns Fix-It shop. A little slap in the face with an actor who had completed their time on the good times, showing that it has fulfilled all that he wanted. And finally, as I watch the show, I see the number going into overtime and was renamed «JJ». To be true, after James left it mostly centered around JJ. Not bad, just noticeable thing. I would not trade my DVD, for any amount of money, but time, maturity and experience began to direct your eyes after a while.
