When people think of downtown Chicago they think Walter Payton, Ditka and «Da Bears», Ryne Sandberg, The White Sox in 2005 in violation of a curse or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships (and Finals MVP in) with the Chicago Bulls. Rarely in this generation of people think that is struggling Chicago side, ghetto drug infested streets and living in urban housing projects during the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of the most formidable TV show one day and was groundbreaking sitcom «Good Times», which I vaguely remember as a small child at the CBS, and I regularly enjoy it now TV Land. <br /> <br /> «Good Times» was another Norman Lear classic, the manufacturer, which gave us the "Jefferson" the best African-American sitcom of all time, and "All in the Family" the greatest show of all time. «Good Times» adversity brought ghettos and urban housing projects, and did it with charm, well-written and thought-out plot, as well as some lovely activities especially the matriarch and patriarch of the fighting ghetto family, played by Esther Rolle and she Amos. Children in the supporting cast was also pretty good, especially the ever popular Janet Jackson in her early years, and Ralph Carter Florida and James Evans, the youngest son, whose character at a young age understands that life is not fair, and he must learn to stand on its own legs. <br /> <br /> eldest children JJ played Jimmy Walker more ridiculous on this show, and it's mostly for comic. His emotional age is about 11 or 12, even if he looks like a guy in his early twenties. JJ bored, and it's a credit to the frequently nasty James Evans (Amos), he never says J.J. to get his own life, get a job and get out of the house. JJ is an aspiring artist, but unlike his younger brother never serious about getting a bachelor's degree, or more important for the family to get a job to help support the family, which is slightly higher social status. <br /> <br /> Two classic episodes of good times, there was one where the character Janet Jackson running 104 fever and Florida Evans desperately seeking good medical care can not do anything for her to afford, but the doctor of the clinic, which is very professional, but do not want to give the family of the projects more attention than it is legally owed. Another episode is the one where James Evans can not afford to rent a void in the low $ 104 per month. Evans is going to get the biggest failures of the family, being thrown out of the projects is not where to go. Florida Evans goes into the city center to the board of social services to try to get a loan or a grant to help his family. But the government does not consider her family are poor because they have more than $ 4,200 in assets for a family of five, it is unfair, but unfortunately, legally below the poverty line. James and the children want to push for the money, but Florida is a man of great moral character and does not want to do anything dishonest, regardless of how miserable their plight. In the end, the family does not find a solution to keep your head above water. <br /> <br /> «Good Times» classic shows from the 1970s to preserve you head above water in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans and work in low-wage jobs to try to bring up their children's rights and to avoid the social stigma of well-being. I was too young to understand the message of sitcoms like a kid in the 70 years of its first airing on the CBS, but I really enjoy the replays on TV Land in 2006 «Good Times» is one of the classic comedies back in day.
