Forbidden Planet is a kind of science fiction, which is valuable in the movie, especially since the 1950's. It Was The Day the Earth Stood Still and World War II, but not to forget this gem, which took some of his stories from Shakespeare's The Tempest, to tell the story of an astronaut on the planet that has a doctor on it, which made a great breakthrough. It's kind of a breakthrough, which is not so incredible to look at (although in 1956 it really looks very strange to look at some of these sets and the giant machine doctor creates), but with a focus on the characters and the theme of technology too far from the more primitive side of human nature, even if we do not know that we are directing it. <br /> <br /> on the waybill, which is located in the top ten minutes- it looks standard, if a little more professionally acted and directed with a better skill than the period of B-movies. Ship astronauts on a mission to the planet Altair-4, to return the expedition, which was missing several decades earlier. But only one doctor left Morbis (Dude) and his daughter, who were somehow immune to the attack, which left all the others are dead. Morbius's, seems to be cordial and very intelligent man, and it looks great technology that only astronauts, led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen), you can think of to do this is to report it back to his superiors on Earth. <br /> <br /> But there's a catch - something to kill the crew members one by one, every night, even if others follow, and then put an invisible electric fence, invisible something goes easily. Meanwhile, there is some romance perhaps between skipper and Alraira, and there are more energetic vibe from the doctor, you should not have to come to the planet, to start, and now you need to go. What is happening on this even more fun, only on a purely intellectual level, but Forbidden Planet never forgets that his audience should be entertained by the story, get some useful ideas. Although anyone can remember Robby the robot, and for good reason, perhaps the most memorable way for me is a monster carried on with the shooting crew of the screen to no avail, an animated red electricity and looks beastly way it looks with Fantasia. <, Br /> <br /> action from Pizhen thin: you would not expect him to be a villain, though there is something in the nature and by that says that, in the end, it makes far more complex character than would be expected. And other performance skillful, but also beautiful, from to Nielsen, as the natural leader in Holliman, providing some great comic like Cook (which, I must add, with the help of one of the funniest scenes in the movie with these gallon bourbon Robbie provides). And the consequences for that time unusual (complicated nostalgia path cellulosic today too), and the music is done electronically, it is beautiful in its "colors." But ultimately, this is the scenario, and the careful direction of Hilcox, which puts it a cut above the rest of the B-movie a lot. If it would mean funny, it intentionally, and works. If it's dramatic, he connects pretty well, even in his toughest moments with the actors. and if we are forced to think about the terrible situation, it comes gradually, nuances, entirely stuck in the face or TSB Dil mega-action. <br /> <br /> inspiration for many other science fiction films, and an excellent marker thoughtful science fiction stories and books from time to time the old, is a stylish and interesting classic.
