I must say at the outset there are many, many things that I love about "Forbidden Planet" and so, of course, I think it's "classic" sci-fi movie for many reasons. But the adulation he received over the years is a bit over the top in my opinion. No less authority than Maltin says, "Forbidden Planet" ... this is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of its genre. "Ambitious? Without a doubt. Intelligent? It depends on what part of the movie you are talking about. This, of course, is the most prestigious and high-budget sci-fi flick up to this point. At a price of about $ 2000000 (this was 1956, remember), MGM pulled out all the stops to produce dazzling, terrifying space adventure unlike anything seen before on the big screen, even with the use of artists from Disney for some of the more complex special effects . "Magic" is not usually a word used to describe the special effects in science fiction movies, but this is the one that seems most appropriate here. Even the dreaded "Monster of the Id» just good to be a cartoon image of the Disney people, is unlikely to scare anyone over the age of 8. If I see a different set and take note of the art design, model, costumes, etc., I think nothing so much as the "Wizard of Oz" with its wonderfully rich colors and designs, if not always convincing effects. So a lot of work went into these films, one is inclined to smile in delight at the efforts independently. "Forbidden Planet" great to watch. The scene takes place in the scenery obvious that fabulously decorated, matte paintings of planets and space in the background, and intricately-designed miniature sand dunes and so on, to create the illusion of depth. It's a bit like watching the most elaborately constructed stage of the game you will ever see. The most plausible and convincing scene probably those within the massive complex Krell, where frames showing a large depth and width of the interior space, well-made and trustworthy. But then we get to the actors, darn it. Performances are equally awful, but in fairness I must say that the dialogue is unlikely to ever exceed the rate of teen locker room humor, for some passages almost adequate scientific technobabble exceptions. Even the great actor Dude reduced to the provision of such unnatural performance is dismal at times. Very young stars Leslie Nielsen as the commander of a spaceship J.J. Adams, and does not transmit an ounce of credibility or condemnation in the whole film. He seems to know instinctively thirty years ahead of time that his real forte "lay in comedy since times he seems hardly able to keep a closed face, reading his lines. Each reaction obliged, whether anger or passion or solemn meditation, looks straight out of high school games. Anne Francis, is also very young, fares little better, because supposedly innocent Viola, whom should we believe have never seen a person of the male sex, but her father until spaceship crew shows up. (Alta Morbius, now there's a name for you.) Unfortunately, even at this early age, Anne Francis, it seems, how chaste and naive, like Elizabeth Taylor in "Butterfield 8" There is a good story here, buried somewhere beneath crew comrades angry comments about Alta and another minor scene relatively Earl Holliman on the "Cookie" Coca ship. (Holliman turns into a monstrous performance, too. I believe that all these actors have gone straight from the film in the acting school.) Based on Shakespeare's "The Tempest," the story of a dead race, in Krell and fantastic world of cars they left behind something that most people, I tend to remember "forbidden planet," and for good reason. Within a few minutes here and there, you can forget about the rest of the film and be dazzled by Disney artists concept of the underground complex Krell. Enough to compensate for the remaining weaknesses of the film? You have to decide that on your own. Yes, and, of course, there is Robby the robot, the idea of ​​a 1950 ten-year-old's that the robot should look and talk like. He's funny. In places. Thus, "Forbidden Planet," I am very, very heterogeneous. He deserves respect for being a source of inspiration for a wave of sci-fi movies and TV shows, and then, not least of which was the "Star Trek." But I would suggest that anyone who thinks it's more than good science fiction comics step back and see it again.
