How did others in the forum, when «Fobidden Planet» was proposed in 1956, I rushed to see him. This story is an interesting phenomenon, I propose, because the young, old, men, women, science fiction experts and people who are so fare "exit" everyone can follow and enjoy the plot and story line of the film very well. This is the first film set on a planet other than Earth in the 20th century, in addition to TV series such as «Flash Gordon». Leslie Nielsen was a bit weak vocal role for him at the time, but Dude, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Holliman and especially Warren Stevens all proven themselves very well. there is so much visual Splendors in this, it's hard to pick a favorite scene in the film. approach to Altair-4, the ship itself, landing on a strange planet's surface, according to the extensors staircase descent, the first appearance of the landscape, the approach of rocket-sled, the house of Dr. Morbius seen outside and inside the underground complex and its miracle, the settings for weapons, the fight against monster, the final approa h invisible destroyer, escaped convict from the planet - all these scenes etched into the consciousness of the viewer, because we are opening them together with the participants. literate script Veteran Cyril Hume was made reasonably long time director Fred McLeod Wilcox with clarity and imagination. it's a shock to realize that there is no music at all; film transferred words, the actors and the secret-opening plot. This can be observed again and again with pleasure - I have done so for almost fifty years. Prior to this, the well-known and well-loved film was not created, no film did not try to imagine a world beyond the Earth; and for decades after, the ships have failed back to the planet - like fantasy writers failed and cause malfunctions. Even better, many say. It says something negative about the fantasies of the so-called intellectual leaders of the people - and something very positive, really I suggest to those who have made this gem.
