If one thinks of the 1950s sci-fi films, one thinks of its kind schlocky films black-and-white B, which were parodied in the old Mystery Science Theater 3000 TV show. However, while there was a lot more movies like Plan 9 from Outer Space and the monster robots than good movies, the 1950s did have some very good, if not great, sci-fi movies, like in the day the Earth stood Still, the Incredible Shrinking man, Invasion kidnappers bodies, war of the worlds, and something from another world. However, the best of the bunch, for its literacy and production values, was undoubtedly the first big foray into the MGM to the level of science fiction, Forbidden Planet, released in 1956, was a 98-minute color film, directed by Fred M. Wilcox, that the signs , the state of the art special effects, and was endowed with a very good screenplay Cyril Hume, the screen treatment called Fatal Planet, Irving Block and Allen Adler, who adapted William Shakespeare's Tempest aspects to it. <, Br /> <br /> film drew raves when he was released on his Oscar nominated special effects, its all electronic score, by Louis and Bebe Barron (although titles like Electronic tones to avoid musics workshop fees), a bright matte paintings- inspired Chela Bounstellami and famous monster Id (Moti), which was animated animator Joshua Meador, on loan from Walt Disney studios. Even more famous was the appearance of Robbie Robot, in his first role in any film or television. it appears later in the film Invisible Boy-, included in this DVD as a bonus, as well as several performances in the 1960 Sci Fi TV show The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery, and lost to space-whose own robot it is often confused, and a cameo appearance in the 1984 film gremlin. <br /> <br /> tale simply, but elegantly built and filled with humorous digressions that leaven forced "love story" aspect in the film. In the 23 th century, the United Planets Cruiser C-57D- flying saucer, led by Commander JJ Adams (Leslie Nielsen- yes, it was once the leading type of person in front of his days police detachment), is on its way to the planet Altair IV to find out what happened to the Bellerophon crew sent to the planet twenty years ago. After traveling through the year, where they meet a lonely survived the party, Dr. Edward Morbius (Dude), the Prosper stand-in-philologist, his gorgeous blonde daughter Altaira (Anne Francis) - character Miranda in advance 1960s mini-skirt and Robby the robot, the internal servant, which is similar to Calibanian. Morbius warns the crew of the mysterious force that killed the game Bellerophon in the first year, but he was immune to it. ?? In general, it is technically good film especially with some rear overhangs and matte paintings and absurd adult reactions to Timy and exploits of Robbie borders on the surreal absurdity of Dalian. Nevertheless, it is obvious that the filmmakers did not have any sense sublime absurdity of the film is in the imagination, because he played straight, which makes it even funnier. As for the main function? Forbidden Planet deserves all his prestige. This is not a perfect film, but it's a great way to spend a few hours, and much better than Star Wars, which, although they did twenty years later, it seems much more obsolete, and juvenile. Only films such as 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, foreign and alien, and the first two Terminator films really were equal or superior to this classic deep and effects <br /> <br /> You should know that, in spite of the forbidden planet "happy ending", it is likely that MOTI still dormant in Alta, as well. After all, she is the daughter of his father, and was even more vivid nightmare than her father when MOTI attacked the ship for the second time. In addition, the film is not prudent to just "show" Moti once, and never shows Krehl, because an idea can always conjure up a more frightening than the best special effects. The film also makes effective use of narrative ellipses condensed history, something that is much more realistic movies often fail to do. Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that determines even beyond its era, in contrast to other science fiction films that were pretty obvious allegory of the Cold War. Look, and you will agree as well sleep a little less easy. But even if you do not, there is still a scene of Anne Francis skinnydipping. This in itself is eternal.
