Forbidden Planet prices as a benchmark in science fiction, carefully staying in the "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fiction, ergo nerds will love it) at the same time playing with the images and ideas of modern values ​​of the 1950s. Morbius insulated house is a model of modern design with open spaces that go to the sculpted gardens, a swimming pool, as well as the final home appliances: Robby the robot. "The dream hostess" exclaimed the captain in the afternoon and a demonstration of the robot the ability to synthesize food, and grinding waste <br /> <br /> In addition, it opens in 1950 :. Fruedian psychology rears its head in the interpretation of Id, while Morbius dismisses it as an outdated concept. There is a touch of the Pacific war drama in the fight with an invisible monster and life on board the saucer. Perhaps the most timely is a post-atomic fear that science is the enemy, and the proud scientists unwittingly unleash destruction in their blind pursuit of knowledge. <br /> <br /> However, the suburban drama, presented the forbidden planet seems uniquely fresh in the sci-fi genre. They do not fencers or heroes, and ordinary seamen crossing the galaxy with rude soldiers and honesty. Good guys manage a flying saucer and aliens so long gone, we do not even know what they looked like - although their music is ergodic "atmospheric tonalities" by Bebe and Louis Barron strange futuristic today. View from the house Morbius' really alien with jagged cliffs and pink bonsai. The interior of the saucer was this side of Buck Rogers. There's a lot like visually. Although we have fantastic monsters and robots for kids, Forbidden Planet is a cerebral film, the slow pace and Talky. It works on many levels simultaneously: tough anti-fiction space adventure, philosophic anti domestic. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban touch. Despite their space-talk, the soldiers dressed for the game of golf. fatal opening of Morbius' modest educational center, a school building. The most interesting character Morbius' daughter Altaira. Never seen a man she shamelessly forward to the crew. She then Madonna teenager who develops their own space-age clothing and uses every opportunity to change their clothes - imagine Christina Aguilera domestic replicator. Men watching a movie could see her as a naive girl in a mini-dress, but every woman knows that there is no such thing as a naive girl in mini dress. Anne Francis deserves better recognition humiliating Leut kisses. Unfortunately, we'll never know when it "works", he suspects, as the captain interrupted and becomes more interesting target for her attention. It is a symbol that makes important changes in the film. Shocked that her father compares the dead dock with another "embeciles» in his assault, she turns away from his father, his home, to leave with the men on Earth. It is this act of defiance, maturity, which sends Morbius Eid being over the edge, an allegorical destroying it creator in the same way as it did thousands of centuries ago in Krell. <br /> <br /> Maybe Krell adolescent daughters, too ...?
