The only thing I knew about this film to see it was Robby Robot. May the prejudice that it was yet another in a long line of cheesy sci-fi movies that 1950 was famous. How wrong I was. Large studio, big budget and big production values ​​make it a strong contender, at least visually, to the best sci-fi movie, which comes out of the era. I have the right to the word visually, as the "War of the Worlds" is much darker and scarier than "Forbidden Planet" and is probably suitable to mold better as a foray into enemy territory. <br /> <br /> What impressed me immediately was a color reproduction of cinema, then the confusion and the amount of detail involved in Dr. Morbius' (Dude) house and laboratory. But this was only a prelude to the icing on the cake, the underground labyrinth served as a fortress Krell. It turned out that Krell technology was more advanced than say that of "Star Wars." What led me to consider the audience for this film back when it was released, probably sitting in the same thrill that theatergoers experienced in 1977 with the SW, or in 1986 with "Alien". Watching it on a big screen TV in my living room offered me the same effect, and I was quite resistant to hyperbole. <br /> <br /> It is not too much of a stretch to imagine "Forbidden Planet" as a direct antecedent in the series "Star Trek"; Gene Roddenberry himself, said that the film had a great impact on his vision of the show. Followers of this short-lived series of easy to recognize story elements used here, caught in the «Star Trek». I had to do a double take when people United Planets Cruiser C57-V went to the transporter, while the puzzle presented Robby, that it became impossible to say there was an element is used, at least two or three times in the ST series. <br /> <br /> If the film is definitely picked Cerebral all had to do with the whole idea of ​​the "monsters of the Id». It Morbius himself used his subconscious to defend Altaire IV, of course, a unique concept in 1956, when all the other sci-fi film time dealt with Martians or other grotesque space creatures. The film worked as the subtle magic on this audience, helping me to understand that Morbius was a defender Altaire IV some time before Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen) is explained. <br /> <br /> You know, looking at the calendar, that 2200 is around the corner. This film may be the one that actually gets it right with respect to learning and life on other planets. I think, however, that they will have to come up with a sleeker looking version of Robby.
