I always worry that most science fiction films do intergalactic westerns or war drama. Even Star Wars, which is a visually brilliant, are one of the central images of futuristic "the gang that could not shoot straight." Imagine you came for about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of them have an open shot, and they lacking. <br /> <br /> I read a lot of science fiction and wish there were more films for the thinking man. Forbidden Planet, one of the earliest of the genre, is still one of the best. The story is based on the long-extinct civilization, Krell, who created a machine that could increase the intelligence of all beings quantum jumps. Unfortunately, what they did not expect that the brain is the center for other thoughts than intelligent. Primitive aspects of the brain, Id, as Freud called it, lets go unchecked. It is released during sleep, poor sleep has come to the corporeal existence. Dude, Dr. Morbius's, is one who is exhausted brain to this level, and he built the machine and protection that keeps it just one step ahead of the horror the recesses of his own mind. His idea of ​​creating the horror that he could not defend in the near future. Krell, significantly higher species, can not stop it; he destroyed them. Troopers had never been of great interest to me. The rest of the actors are pretty interchangeable. Anne Francis is beautiful and naive, and, of course, would have produced quite a reaction in the fifties male adolescents. Wrath of her father's deteriorating her innocence and astronauts Volchok fifties (as they are more like a construction worker on the production than the real astronauts). They are always trying to figure out «Dames.» Cook a great character, with his obsession for moonshine. Robbie Robot has a lot more personality than most of the crew and one miracle when Mr. Spock can not be half a literal thinking of these artificial creatures. The entire film is very nice, because the situation is the star. Morbius can not turn back, so he is destined to destroy itself and everything to do with it. There are several science fiction films that are worth seeing more than once; it is one that can coast right into the 21st century.
