I think "Anyway ..." is a funky film. In fact. Especially as the bartender spent years making it, and it shows: each scene is polished, it makes sense ... I think most agree on this point. One thing that many people tend to criticize a "lack" of history. I am afraid that is the effect of us being overwhelmed with the "traditional" story-teller, all the time. I mean: what you can achieve with the help of a book, you can not achieve with the movie that you can achieve with the movie, you can not reach it, just to mention a friend of his. The problem is that we are so accustomed to movies, TV shows ... just to be filmed version of the story; visual recording -JUST events like when you look News- that we expect every movie to this epic characteristics: a strong story with lots of unusual events. And I would like to emphasize the idea of ​​"unusual events": most people see on television news, in movies, TV series, ... very unusual things, once in a life-situations. And here, in the "Anyway ...", there is an unusual event, but not in the same "hollywood big bang" sort of way: man is fired, the couple together, the car gets stolen ... and, of course, a very ordinary things, And it is much: just to be able to appreciate all that the universe is an art. And I agree, especially that which can be achieved only in the movies, the atmosphere created by the center and the photo is placed. But not so, as in the traditional visual films (visual blockbusters such as Matrix); He served as a symbol and remains deeply human. I mean, in every frame you feel the love that Tom Barman has to Antwerp and urban lifestyle. And it makes no sense with this film, would "know" us something; and it does not have a great story to tell with unbelievable twists of the script. It just shows ordinary people with everyday life, it shows the city, all of them are good and bad sides and says we are, this is our city, that's life, let us enjoy it. So basically, "Anyway ..." Not only that super groovy film, it also has a much stronger "message" (this is not obvious, perhaps not even intended) than most films, as a matter of really intend to convey a message. One drawback: now we have to wait five years to see the next bartender pass and everyone will wait for a large part of this ...
