Write to the wind, directed by Douglas Sirk and released in 1956, all the Cirque in the middle of the 50s films- pure melodrama. Nevertheless, it's exciting, richly developed melodrama, and in the trademark Cirque ominous color expressionism, throbbing, slightly repressed emotions, symbolism and comparison classes make this film to crave. <br /> <br /> The film opens brilliantly, with four central characters and the plot is introduced as the loans are still rolling. Sirk uses reasonable structure flashback to take us into their world ... <br /> <br /> Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone lush as the two Hadley «Children" Kyle and Marylee. He drinks and sleeps around with women. She is drinking and sleeping around with men. They both are worth millions, thanks to the oil business Hadley. The Hunky, but the poor, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) throughout the life of Kyle and Marylee dream lover in. Enter into this dirty mess Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slim, attractive young woman who falls under the spell of Kyle after he picks up the phone and it flies through the countryside one night. Mitch loves her too, but Kyle defeats her. They quickly get married, and Kyle stops drinking. But fate, it seems, is written in the wind, and it's not long before the treacherous Marylee (which will "have Mitch", marriage or no marriage), secretly killed Mitch Lucy confused and sad drunken Kyle will fight. ... <br /> <br /> Malone just fine as Marylee Hadley, thoroughly deserving of its Best Supporting Actress Oscar. She steals every scene she is in. The stack is almost as good, amplifiers to melodrama, while maintaining the subtle and quiet desperation. Hudson and Bacall is much more restrained than those two, until it is in line with the characters they play. <br /> <br /> So what does all this melodrama about it? Well, many things. Stack a powerful portrait of masculine inadequacy and fear, on the one hand. Sirk surrounds the stack with phallic symbols throughout the film mark his tiny gun, oil rigs and the final phallic symbol, Kyle's seeming inability to conceive children. Stack seems to suffer from a massive male superiority complex, deteriorating the advantages of the father for Hudson, Hudson desire of his sister, and his suspicion that his wife, who carries with Hudson. With all this wealth Kyle Hadley still ends up in the wrong end of the city, buying cheap corn liquor as "ass." <br /> <br /> It's about impossible dreams, and to let them go. River, where Kyle, Marylee and Mitch played when they were kids, constantly referred to throughout the movie, symbolizing the Kyle and (especially) the desire for Marylee in innocence and simplicity of youth. In a remarkable melodramatic scene entirely left to Malone, Marylee stands by the river and presents itself again, as in childhood, with off-screen Mitch saying Marylee, she will always be his girl. This is where Sirk struck a huge emotional response of the viewer. Who has not dreamed of returning to this special place in my childhood? Who has not, at some point, we lived on a treasured memory? Who would not want something they can not have? And the last line of the Hudson from the movie (yes, he does not get a dialogue in the last 10 minutes or so, only at close range) mentions how "far we have come from the river, Marylee». Strange.
