I saw this film at the festival in Chicago winding film. In order to pick up on the comments of the previous reviewer, claustrophobic feel and the color of the film, I feel totally intentional and conveys a sense of limited space, the uniformity of architecture, general dullness, which is the urban environment of the majority of people in Central and Eastern Europe. A bit shabby style housing, as I would describe it, and that's how many people live in the suburbs of large cities. I can not say that I am familiar with Bucharest, Romania, where the action takes place, but I have visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I visited Russia as a student during the semester, my whole group had to drag their luggage seven stories up the stairs student dormitories shabby buildings, as well as the character makes when moving in with a woman because elevators were not working. But I agree with the reviewer that claustrophobia and muted colors, this is an exaggeration, because there is, of course, beautiful historic buildings, parks, squares, you can find in Bucharest or in any historical center of Eastern European cities, and Bucharest did not get much of any footage in this film. For me to watch this movie conveys well claustrophobic, I would have felt during my six-month stay there, feeling trapped and limited. (It makes you understand why someone would want to immigrate and find a better life, just as people do when hope is to escape from the urban ghettos of the USA). <br /> <br /> In addition, given the climate of homophobia, for example, approximately US in the 1980s, two young women who fall in love with each other are forced to keep their love a very personal thing; thus focus on their interaction in the apartment. <br /> <br /> This is a great and commendable, in my opinion, that this amazing themed film even made in Romania, and I find the previous reviewer's complaint about the poor quality of the film is completely ignorant condescension. It is unlikely that the director and producer of the drum more government support and funding for their film, and they did everything they could have more limited resources. The actors were very good and believable; Conversation was generally well done, and I could identification with these women. <br /> <br /> The film offers an additional twist is that the forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, energetic, fun free spirit with a dark, disturbing secret (her admiration and love for the offensive, the incestuous brother, Sand) falls in love with Alexander, bright, book, idealistic young woman who moved to Bucharest to start their studies in college. Opposites attract, and their personalities seem to complement each other, although there is some tension between the ambitious, diligent, intelligent and Kiki Alexander, who seems to be in college to please his father. Keep your love hidden from their parents, it seems a controlled, although we do not get any sense of tension it requires, and we do not always see or perform any other student - hard to believe - and tension keeping their love secret will be entails. The main threat to their love Kiki and her brother difficulty when trying to hard it towards him. But love Kiki Alexandra seems to give her the strength she needs to finally severe this connection, or does it? That's what the unknown film focuses on how the story develops, and I will not say how it ends. <br /> <br /> Strangely, the love of the "disease" Kiki did not love her for another woman, but it is illegal, incestuous love for his brother. Thus, loving woman offers a potential cure for the disease loves a brother. <br /> <br /> While it's a feeling this movie stuffy and claustrophobic, too limited interaction between Kiki and Alexander, it is still an interesting and moving to watch, so I'll give it a 7.
