At the award ceremony March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her hot, over-the-top way spoiled heiress Texas oil tycoon has written to the wind. One thousand nine hundred fifty-six potboiler, adapted from the novel by Robert Wilder, was a real three-ring-circus demonstration of alcoholism, greed, impotence and nymphomania. <br /> <br /> performance Malone both Marylee Hadley, lonely rich girl who catches the man to quench the pain of rejection of the former childhood sweetheart, was the representative of the film as a whole. Mesmerizing to watch even as he refers to the "lowest common denominator -common-" melodrama, WRITTEN ON THE WIND is ultimately the work of one man, an incredibly talented director Douglas Sirk, an emigrant from pre -World War 2 Weimar Germany, which has left its legacy European theater behind to pursue a career in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> extremely erudite man, Sirk has made a name for himself in the 1950s as a reliable director of Universal Studios' generous soap operas, primarily by asking Ross Hunter majestic the OBSESSION, ALL THAT HEAVEN and allows the imitation of life . Independent producer Albert Sugsmit Sirko offered the opportunity to work outside the restrictions limiting modest Universal's entertainment and create a more adult, "sensational" product, therefore, hot WIND and its sequel 1957 faded ANGELS, both released by Universal International banner, It's anyone's guess why Sirk had elevated themes, but apparently directing the exaggerated drama turned more to his artistic sensibilities. Write down the drain could be considered an epic soap opera in Sirk; in fact, it is so rife with human vulnerability and neurosis, as shown among the very rich, it is as compelling to watch as any real-life internal strife among the rich and famous, perhaps more. Robert Stack (not an actor, as a rule, known more -emoting) almost corresponds to the intensity of Malone with its offering of the weak- willed brother Kyle Hadley, a mere shadow of his patriarchal father. When he learns that he is not able to fertilize his new bride (beautiful leonine Lauren Bacall), Hadley goes into the deep end, capacity is a serious problem with drinking "secret" gun fetish, which threatens to make its human time bomb, and brother and sister, as well as corrupt and unsympathetic as they are presented as a victim of her past, giving them a human quality that makes them seem less terrible (and much more interesting than the "good" side of the family, basically, Bacall and ' is an incredibly beautiful Rock Hudson, an old friend of childhood business associate young Hadley, a surrogate son old and unattainable object Malone »S desires.) Despite all the domestic codependency on the display, it is not so much the history of that. remembered here as he filmed with real panache for pictorial composition and editing, director Sirk draws its audience into the picture with the heightened Technicolor cinematography possible: every shot in the film is his eyes filling canvases saturated colors, the type of tank, as the pink Cadillac pull up to the front door in a huge mansion catchy style of a luxury hotel in Miami, the range of colors is almost blinding in their diversity. Action and dramatic scenes are adept use of Cirque inclined angles, dark lighting and editing cross-cutting, the greatest effect is shown in a scene where the rebel, Malone drunken dancing wildly in his bedroom upstairs with a loud roar from the gramophone, and it struck the father unreliable rises a huge ladder; scene is so riveting that you swear you're having a great oedipal drama unfolds. What you actually see is garbage with very interesting species, gussied up in an ominous Technicolor and polished to perfection visual genius.
