I first saw this movie on its release in 1987 and badly damaged emotionally, due to the combination of wine that my colleagues and white people could do to innocent people and the reluctance of the external world, to really investigate these atrocities against man. <, Br /> <br /> Particularly touching was the funeral of Steve Biko, more bright and fair of the South African national anthem played at the time. I have long believed that this film achieved what no one else could - open the world's eyes to what is really going on in South Africa. I consider myself a normal right thinking people, and I can attest to how this film has changed my whole way of thinking about not only South Africa, but as we like white people perceive black people. I've never seen any difference between the people of any skin color and religion, but after watching this film, I physically changed my life and has spent the last 17 years living in the mostly black country and helps many people to rise above their current standard of living and achieve what they I would not have thought possible. The greatest reward I can honestly say that I was - to be able to say that in my own small way I contributed to and liquidated the balance a little. But if more people thought like me and really something to help black people who are not looking for a reward, then all the black population of the planet would be a little better. <br /> <br /> I challenge any right thinking person to watch Cry freedom from start to finish and did not feel that emotion to pull your deepest, as you witness 700 students brutally shot Sharpville for refusing to learn Afrikaans, senseless killing Biko such a fighter for the rights of their own people, and then, ultimately, to realize that all this is not just a film, but a great one, but it's actually happened, and less than 30 years ago. <br /> <br /> Yes, my friends, watch this movie, and then see if you can come up afterwards and party hard. I could not. I was too upset, knowing the truth. This is a sign of a great film. It was obviously the intention of Sir Richard Attenborough to receive this message more about South Africa. Of course, he has achieved. If you do not happen to support apartheid. God will help you.
