Which is a brilliant film. I recognize that this is a very ambitious, with the subject. In a little over two and a half hours, this is a very long movie, too. But none of these disadvantages pointers anyway. Cry Freedom, in spite of minor shortcomings it may have, is a powerful, moving and compelling film about the history of black activist Steve Biko in his struggle to awaken horrors of apartheid South Africa. It is true that the first half more than the second in terms of emotional impact. People also complained that the film suffers from too much is not enough Woods Biko. Maybe I'm wrong, but in spite of this story Biko, Woods said in the long term, so Woods is an important character in the history of BIKO transfer to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom visually looks amazing. With show-stopping film and the stunning landscape of South Africa it was a visual feast. Opening scene most clearly were shot. music by George Fenton brought a real dramatic weight for most scenes. It was thin in the scenes in the second half, but the stirring and dramatic in crowd scenes. The scenario was of exceptional quality, in the hall of the court scene with Biko was enough to really make you think, wow this is really high-quality material. The first half of Biko always something as the main focus, to feel emotionally, whether it was an attack police with citizens of South Africa or the death of Biko. The second half is entirely about Donald Woods has less emotional punch, but is offset by the way he filmed, produced and written. And there are parts that are really disturbing as well. <br /> <br /> performance was exceptional from all the cast, from the most minor nature to the two wires, there was not a single bad performance. Regardless of the emphasis that is, but it is forgiven so easily as you draw performance. Denzel Washington in one of the more understated performances, really give a convincing performance as Biko, and Kevin Kline shows that he can be a good drama, as he is in comedy, because it gave the appropriate fine work to match that of Washington . And two men chemistry believable and never strikes a false note. Penelope Wilton as beautiful as the wife of Donald Wendy, and she is beautiful actress anyway. With supporting performances, and there may be some bias, two stood out for me. One of them was Timothy West, who relishes his role as captain DeWet. Another was always exceptional John Thaw in brilliantly chilling cameo role Kruger. Lord Richard Attenborough focused direction and constantly sensitive as usual. <br /> <br /> Overall, a really great movie. Ambitious and long it is, but never ceases to be compelling, powerful and achingly moving. Definitely a winner Lord Richard Attenborough, and deserve much more praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
