"The true story about friendship that shook South Africa and awakened the world.» <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough, director of "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi" wanted to bring the story of Steve Biko to life, and travel, and problems which journalist Donald Woods went to get his story. The film uses two books Wood for his knowledge and foundation -. "Biko" and "on the rampage» <br /> <br /> The film takes place in the late 1970s, in South Africa. South Africa is in the grip terrible apartheid that keeps black, separated from proteins and proteins classifies as the highest race. Negros are forced to live in slums on the outskirts of cities and towns, and they come under frequent harassment by the police and the army. We showed a dawn raid on a slum, and bulldozers and armed police to break through the beating of the camp, and even killing a resident. Then we are introduced to Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), who is the editor of a popular newspaper. Following the publication of negative stories about the black activist Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods goes to meet him. Two wary of each other at first, but they soon became good friends, and Biko show the horrors of apartheid black people point of view of the forest. This prompts Woods to speak out against what is happening around him, and makes him desperate to bring the story of Steve Biko from the clutches of the white man in South Africa and the world. Soon, Steve Biko was arrested and killed in prison. Now Woods and his family daring escape from South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book about Biko and apartheid. <br /> <br /> When I first heard about the «Cry Freedom", I was under the impression that it was a film entirely devoted to the life of Steve Biko. I've never heard, in fact, Steve Biko, before I saw this film, as the events in this film was really before my time. But it's more about the history of Donald Woods and his journey across the border into Lesotho, when he tried to escape from South African officials. Woods was placed on five years, the type of house arrest after Steve Biko was killed. Therefore, in order to publish his manuscript on Biko, he was forced to flee. Because the manuscript will be considered treason in South Africa, and that could lead to Woods meeting a fate similar to Biko. Real Donald Woods and his wife have served as consultants to the film. <br /> <br /> Only Denzel Washington in the film for the first hour, and I was disappointed that I expected to see him throughout the movie. But it was strange, as Steve Biko, and took his identity from what I read very well, and his accent sounded perfect. His performance earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline provides an excellent and thought-evoking performance like Donald Woods and Penelope Wilton well as his wife Wendy. <br /> <br /> The shooting took place in Zimbabwe as a matter of course, there were problems when they tried to remove it in South Africa. While in South Africa, South Africa, the Gestapo followed the shooting everywhere, so that they got bad vibes, and they pulled out and went to a nearby Zimbabwe instead. In spite of everything, and the fact that apartheid is over "Sesame seven years later," Cry Freedom "was not banned in South Africa. But cinemas that show the film received a bomb threat. <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough brings the horrors of apartheid to the screen with extraordinary strength and determination. He did not hold back at the end of the film, when the show was supposed to be a peaceful protest of students in slums, turning into massacre, when police opened fire on them. The film ends with the names of all the engines against apartheid, who died in prison, as well as an explanation of their deaths. Many had "no explanation". Very few were "Epilepsy", which is hard to believe, and many others either fell from the top of the stairs, or were "suicide because of suspension." No one will know what really happened to them, but I think it's fair to say that none of these people did not die in their hands, but in the hands of others; or to be more precise, in the hands of the police. <br /> <br /> «Cry Freedom» is a must watch a movie on the picture and the story of Steve Biko. It is also a burning and destructive image of the beautiful land, and is divided into hellish grip of racial segregation and violence.
