CRY FREEDOM is a great primer for those who want an overview of the cruelty of apartheid just a couple of hours. The famous film director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI), of course, is no stranger to the genre, as well as cooperation in real life Mr. and Mrs. Woods, the main characters are white, in his book, and in this film gives additional authenticity Cry of Freedom. Video release now is actually running a little more than 2 and a half hours to 23 minutes of additional footage was inserted to make it a two-part miniseries after the first theatrical release of the film. Although the added length provides for greater forgivable flaws for the film: the development is uneven and blanket stereotypes, in particular, is another possible disadvantage (insisting on the fate of the white heroes for what and African) can act as a force. View CRYING FREEDOM both politically and historically educational film (as I think it should, on its artistic merits), the story of the one that black Africans know all too well, even though the younger generation may now need to see it on film for full impact , proteins that have always been the film and book target audience, we hope to manage to change them. Now, twelve years after the film's production, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more interesting movie to watch. Almost ten years after the black majority rule was at least theorically on the spot, the ideals of 1987 Call of freedom remain largely unfulfilled. It therefore remains necessary than ever for white South Africans, especially the young, who have only heard of these actions to see it, and soak up the message of the film. In general, the complexity unlike American slavery and expositions of the Jewish Holocaust, in the struggle of South Africans were told only two or three stories: CRY FREEDOM, CRY beloved COUNTRY (the OK, the count double if you include the remake), and Sarafina (I missed one?). All three dramas also feature ineptly American and British actors in both white and black roles. Not one South African actor starred, white, colored, Indian or black!). And yes, I did miss another international drama of South Africa, Mandela and de Klerk. Although it is (also highly recommended) biopic was released after usually the black majority has been raised, Mandela played a black American (Sidney Poitier, who also starred in the original SA-themed CRY favorite countries), while the Afrikaner DeKlerk played a (bald) is very British Michael Caine, good performance, if you can dismiss that the very essence of the Afrikaner is a staunch anti-British feelings. The local African SABC TV and movies do not start dealing with their own heritage, CRY FREEDOM is about as natural as you get. As villified as proteins (especially Afrikaners) appear in the film, any observation (not random) visitors to South Africa so far in 1999, let alone 1977 when CRY FREEDOM occurs, as a rule, find the ratio of white with respect to blacks held back, even understated. Looking for CRY FREEDOM hindsight, it is amazing that reconciliation can take place at all, and it is. But CRY FREEDOM during the show not much has really changed in the minds of many people so far, and that the purpose of black Africans to freedom and reconciliation is still ongoing. That is why if you are new to the situation, CRY FREEDOM is the best introduction.
