In some ways, superior to Death Anger Kriemhild Siegfried, but he also loses some of the greatness of this film. The plot of this more cohesive than the first, which is very strange. The second half of the actual verses lot sloppier and much more difficult to walk to the end, as long as that, you will get a climactic battle scene; Only Iliad are better. Lang and Harbou decorated Huns. The poet-composer Nibelungenlied knew Hong ball on the right, and as a result they are more or less the same as the Burgundians in the habit. For example, although the poet clearly describes as a heathen Etzel (which is the main concern of how Kriemhild Rudiger tries to convince her to marry him), if it gets into Hunland, the first thing she does is go to Mass. The Huns are obviously Gentiles; they are almost like a cave. The image of these fun, especially verbal, clown, who has two amazing scenes. Etzel character was more weight. He's much more formidable. All he does mourn their fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou is skillfully build suspense, especially in the banquet scene, which is interspersed with a second verbal to amazing effect. However, as the nature of this half of the poem, strange technical achievements of the film is not enough of it, for the most part, to a dazzling sequence where room Etzel in burns to the inside of the Nibelungs apart. One thing I must object to the way Harbou change the ending. Spoilers: in the poem, after Hildebrand captures Hagen and Gunther, they are imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in the chamber and requires him to reveal where he hid the horde. He refuses, and she beheaded his brother. If Hagen still refuses, she decapitated him. Hildebrand (or, perhaps, Dietrich) is so disgusting that a woman could afford to kill the great warrior that he is, in turn, beheaded her, calling her a «Devil Woman». Etzel, which is much weaker than in the poem, which he here says something stupid like: "Oh my," I can understand why they would like to preserve the unity of time and place, like Hildebrand leads them out of the castle; save the settings prison two deaths would make the movie very disappointing. I also understand why they did not have to kill Hildebrand Kriemhild: his character is significantly reduced; his name is mentioned only once. But to Kriemhild to kill himself by dying Brynhild from Icelandic sources, only the power to the audience, rather than to challenge them. The meaning of the poem is that Kriemhild anger goes far beyond it should be in the region of pure evil. Here, we just her to die for his lost love. It is not so interesting.
