Absurdly hilarious and surprisingly human story of jealousy and betrayal, environmental beetle marriage Russian animation pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz in «Mest kinematograficheskogo operator A" ( "Revenge of the cameraman in" or "the place with Kinematograph Operator") is a fad early animation, filled with highly puppet frame by frame and there is no lack of imagination. <br /> <br /> Mr. and Mrs. Beetle is completely flowed marriage, and both strive for more thrills in their lives. Mr. beetle desire can be satisfied only beautiful exotic dancer in "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub, which he visits every time he takes a "business trip" to the city. She's the only one who understands him. Guy supporter of the dancer, aggressive horse, jealous that Mr. Zhuk stole his lady, and as fate would have it, he is also a film cameraman. Sinister horse stands Mr. Beetle and his familiarity with the hotel room, where films of their exploits through the keyhole. <br /> <br /> At the same time Mrs. Beetle has also purchased one to add excitement in your life, He is an artist, and he brings her a picture of a gift, before they both are on the couch on for some intimacy. At this moment, however, Mr. Beetle comes home and witnesses of all play. Mr Bug batters through the front door, an artist friend climbs up the pipe, but it does not go without Mr. Zhuk first venting his anger and frustration on him. <br /> <br /> There is a certain irony in the statement, which stands: "Mr. Zhuk generous he forgives his wife and takes her to the movies," He forgave her, and yet he was as wrong a few minutes.. before. for the moment, however, we still have not forgotten a jealous film cameraman who was plotting his revenge, and it is not surprising if it turns out to be a projectionist for the film Mr. and Mrs. Beetle visit. Suddenly sidebar in the film they use this footage disloyalty Mr. beetle and spiteful wife hits him on the head of an umbrella before a frightened and angry husband dives across the screen ter atra in search of grasshoppers. <, br /> <br /> in the final scene, Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, the time is now somewhat more appreciative of each other while serving in prison for a fire that broke out when Mr. Zhuk was looking for his final revenge. we really hope that the "house of life Zhukov will be less exciting in the future ??" this movie might seem just a story comings-and-goings miniscule insect species, but Starewicz communicates much more than that. This is not a story about the bugs ?? It is the story of us. And it is surprisingly accurate, is not it?
