For animation fans needed, but even the general audience will enjoy revenge'S cameraman, a very early example of "pixelation" on the hard-working pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his aides carefully manipulated by a cast of figures flexible insects to tell this story, opens the way for similar Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Harryhausen and legions of modern digital effects creators. <br /> <br /> where the operator is only about 10 minutes, but it packs in a lot of funny parts, as the story is behind the amorous adventures of two beetles from his home in a nightclub, a hotel, a cinema, and, ultimately, in a prison camera. There are two short dance number in a nightclub (played by frogs and dragonflies), the fight between the beetle and the horse, and large-scale Donnybrook in the cinema, which ends breaking in the projector in the flames. Rather complex habits during 1912, when even John Bray and Winsor MacCay just started, and Walt Disney was still in elementary school! <br /> <br /> It is interesting to note also that such an effect alterations name card silent movies can have on the story he says. I've seen two versions of this film offered two video companies, and watched them back to back, and although the content of the image itself is almost identical to the two different sets of intertitles to tell two very different stories. (And the plot outline of someone above said a third story, which states that there is another option out there somewhere.) Printing Film Institute British that rhyme intertitles, tells the story of two twins beetles, each secretly married that hide this information from each other in order to make up for the state of his late father. Another Russian press, tells a simple story about married beetles that everyone guilty of infidelity. In the Russian version of Mr. Zhuk comes to visit his girlfriend in a nightclub «Gay Dragonfly", while the English version of Bill's brother Beetle visited his wife on stage. Personally, I prefer straightforward-- and sharp --Russian history; BFI version tries to cram too much of the plot that should be just a fairy tale, and some rhymes a little uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> However, in all versions, cameramen'S REVENGE great movie, and would be ideal introduction to the other great animated work that shows beetles, Yellow Submarine.
