Mary Pickford is often stated that Tess Skinner was her favorite film role. Well said! She played the role twice, and for this version which she produce it not only had to buy the rights from Adolph Zukor, but even to give him credit for the main movie title cards. Needless to say, her portrayal of this role is the most winning. In fact, in my opinion, the film rates as one constantly experiences great silent film. <br /> <br /> However, directed by John S. Robertson Sun moves his camera an inch from the beginning to the end, but in the right hands Robertson is to pretend not only irrelevant, but probably more effective. Creative artist of the first rank, Robertson is the master tempo, angle and installation. He also drew a brilliant natural action of all their players. Hersholt who plays hard so disgusting repulsive that it is hard to believe that this is the same man, affectionately Dr. Christian; while Lloyd Hughes makes one of the best acting jobs throughout his career. However, this is probably not the way Mrs. White intended, but it serves the story is wonderful, because otherwise we would have been difficult to explain why dope had spent a fortune on defense, but made no attempt to find out who actually shot the gun that killed his future brother in law! Needless to say, this is a special quality to exaggerate cute hero Jack Ging in bowdlerized 1960 version, which is also completely removes a sharp attack on the author's smug middle-class Christian. Notice how well washed priest is moving forward a step or two in perplexity break, but makes no attempt to help any of our brave little character in the line of duty, which he supposedly ordained to administer. This is a very touching scene, in fact, because it is so realistically presented. <br /> <br /> «Tess» also gives an idea about the work of another great actress, Gloria Hope, whose work was entirely limited to silent movies. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote his life to her husband and their two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but she lived until 1976, it is easy to touch in Pasadena, but I'm sure that no one had the brains to interview her. Another opportunity lost! <br /> <br /> For me, Forrest Robinson just made middling impression Skinner. I thought he was a little miscast, and a quick glance at his filmography proves it: He used to play the priests and the judges! But David Torrens, as usual, was excellent. <br /> <br /> In general, expensive production with beautiful photography and fine jewelry manufacturing.
