If it was the original version of the 1914 storm TESS country (also starring Mary Pickford), I probably would have rated it much higher, since this type of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was quite typical for teenagers. However, by 1922, the film has already begun to show its age. And, compared to many other films Mrs Pickford (such as DADDY Longlegs, Vorobyov, MY BEST GIRL and Suds), TESS comes up just short - and not everyone deserves Pickford film 10 (even if it was "America Sweetheart") . Now this does not mean it's a bad film - it certainly is not. But I just can not see how much this film gave 10. <br /> <br /> The film has a very long and complicated story - especially because most films were shorter epoch. Rich old codger is building a mansion on a hill next to the river. At the bottom of the hill some dirty invaders, which he hates, but who can not be evicted. Thus, he is trying to come up with different ways to get them off the ground. One ends in tragedy when the groom's daughter was killed in a brawl with a sandwich men. The man accused of killing father dear old Mary, even though he was innocent. To make things worse, the only witness to the murder of the real is not to say the deceased and his bride got pregnant! Thus, at the moment, we have an innocent man in prison, waiting to be executed, and a pregnant woman is afraid to tell her father she sanctimonious "in the family way." There's a ton more films, such as for Crank son fell in love with Maria, but it is better just to watch a movie for yourself. <br /> <br /> The film is released in a sense. The story, while very difficult, is also very interesting, and the first-class cinema. The very final scene is also pretty cute. However, there are so many open sentimentality you can almost cut with a knife. Mary is so good and so sweet and so bold, sometimes the viewer can find it all a bit hard to take. While it works great in 1922 (making it the biggest star in the world), today it is very outdated. . This is not true for all of his films, but it is certainly one <br /> <br /> By the way, the image of DVD entertainment has decent quality, although some scenes are degraded badly - something that is not so strange, considering age film. In addition, the only extra included short filmography.
