Madhur Bhandarkar gave him all the raw materials. But the best part, he did not forget to give the ingredients. He came short and clear to the audience, and this audience is to make a choice now. Page 3 The discovery of the naked truth regardless of the roughness that is attached to it. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and enjoys her work. A simple and peaceful life worshiping her caring boyfriend and a good neighbor in the Pearl room. It covers the Page 3 (the Celebrity pages) nation today, where it has a lot of support Deepak Suri editor (Bohm Iran.) But life takes a turn for her when she gets on the first beat and takes itself from Page 3 and goes into a bit of crime. Omigosh! a whole new world waiting for her there. She is shocked, excited, stunned with the opening. Her response led to loss of employment. In the end, it comes back to page 3. Now, when she meets any celebrity in the game, she knows that the actual views of each hidden under the ghostly face. <br /> <br /> The film has a message and it raw. The viewer has to get it in your own color. The theme and the script was fantastic. There are some very good ideas, which are used to prepare the audience. As a prelude to the club shows pedophiliac exhibitions, short suspense before a gay rally in the bathroom. Dialogues strong and really good actors in his delivery. , Short Enchantment MOHANTY speak volumes, and it is very successful, saying the two words with such ingenuity, it leaves an impact. Put option might be better. The songs do not stand in any place; but they were necessary in the background. Atul Kulkarni has a minor role at high efficiency. There were several deficiencies visible. He hid Kulkarni explaining Konkan Sharma that honesty should be linked to intelligence. There could be better dialogue, as it sounds like preaching. The meeting between Thapar and his daughter does not need to act. This scene looks very unprofessional. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a must watch movie with selective options to pedophilia incident. It can ruin your mood.
