Madhur Bhandarkar directs the film, which should reveal the lifestyles of the rich and famous, as well as giving a comment on the integrity of journalism today. <br /> <br /> Celebrity Party infinitely, they wanted to see these people, and get the proper coverage in the media. In fact, the film would have us believe that the impact of the secular MAKES celebrities and newspapers have a huge hand in this. IMO there is a lot more synergy between celebrities and the media, and that "I need you, I need you" kind of relationship. Nevertheless, the media need a celebrity more, and not vice versa. Anyway, in this environment, constant partying thrown social column (page 3 of the newspaper) reporter Konkana Sharma September. It shows how the well-known manufacturer, is very popular at social events. She has a good gay friend Abhijeet Rohit and struggling model (Bikram Saluja). She figures stewardess ?? arrogant a Pearl (Sandhayya Mridula) and struggling actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). Editor of the newspaper is Bohm Iran and the instigator of the crime beat reporter played by Atul Kulkarni. The film is almost too much of the plot and characters of sabotage, but does the job at a certain level. Rich shown rotten to the core business for most of the film are shown running on a maximum of casting couch scenarios, operation of power hungry media exposure. In all this piling of homosexuality, gay meeting, which does not seem to have much in common with the story or plot, rampant drug use, pedophilia police "encounter" deaths. In light of this pearl desire to be super rich husband, the socialite daughter of surrendering intercourse in the car, whining woman, everything seems to be a benign disease. <br /> <br /> The film has a very excellent Konkana decreed September Sharma hid Kulkarni has almost no role ?? It is a pity, in my opinion. But the supporting cast more than competent (Bohm Iran is very good). This is what saves the film for me. Mr. Bhandarkar bites off way more than he can chew, or process on celluloid and turns the film into a free-for-all bash. I want him to be focused on one or two aspects of social ills and efficiently explore them. He scolds the social operation itself still operates all Maasai components necessary for the film to be successful. We have a number of the element within the theme Bollywood party that these drugs out of children's dance dance dance very western strike. I hope that the next one of the Bhandarkar Madhuri dare ditch more Hindi films stereotypical ingredients. The film is bold (although shortcomings) effort is definitely worth a look.
