Page 3 is one of those films, Madhur Bhandarkar does expose the public dirt. The film is compelling, but, like most Bhandarkar's films, it is one-sided and overly pessimistic. This film is all about tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrities. The film exposes the secular life, whose life dramatically snobby peculiar and off-putting. They party, they are still nothing but glory, they plan to party at the funeral, they want more money and a higher reputation, they will do everything to get the proper exposure in the media to get their names boldly printed on a daily social column known as the «Page 3" with huge photographs that will be at the center of people's discussions. They are seeking attention, obscene and a hypocrite. Film industry is listed as running with a couch to be common among filmmakers. That's where our beloved heroine, a young reporter for the social column Madhvi Sharma discarded. All these people from the elite of Mumbai depend on its articles, and she is the person to provide support in these parts, if you want it to about you in his article. Later in the film, we learn that even those who befriends Madhvi are no different from those people of high society. It was a hard review for me, though the film is certainly a bold and issues it deals with are very interesting. <br /> <br /> film music on the average. The only passable song «Kitne Ajeeb» and «Huzoor-E-Ala», performed two melodies queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle, respectively. Otherwise, bad soundtrack. One song that was particularly terrible is «Filmy Very Filmy». film writing is pretty good. The second half is much better than the first, because it is a more prosaic and gives a much more important issues, such as terrorism and child abuse. This is where the film is to be applauded. It was sad to know that people prefer to ignore such crimes due to fear and frustration character Concon September Sharma was very easy to relate to. It was great throughout the film and its actions over the past few scenes were particularly impressive. Atul Kulkarni portion was very small, but he did full justice to it. Bohm Iran tough as the editor of the newspaper. Sandhayya Mridula is nice as arrogant neighbor Madhvi Pearl, who marries an older man for money and honest enough to admit it. The ending of the film is really well done and provides some sigh of relief after the incredibly heavy things. Page 3 a good film, it's interesting, and sometimes moving, but the level of interest and general quality overshadowed his exaggerated, too dirty and negative way the rich and famous.
