During a visit to Romania with his CIA father, Tony (Adam Arkin), a pretty talented defender High School saw the lifeguard, to lead his team in the end to win over the enemy Simpson, tell potential palms reader (.. Romania, people can not a lot of books, so she took palmistry), that it will be bitten by a werewolf ( "If a full month without doing any appointments..you be busy."). Well, who would have thought it it..Tony actually bitten and his life changed forever. After his father unfortunately died in misery in his bomb shelter (!) For odd circumstances (shooting him werewolf son inside a metal bomb shelter is not a good idea, especially if the bullet does not go out of the room and bounces around like a pinball gone berserk ), Tony travels ground through endless years, until he was tired of the packing, and returns the decade (.. and many US presidents) later, we hope, lead his football team to victory over the task Simpson..a he abandoned long ago. What was once a very white, outlined secondary school really changed in the ghetto drug use, violence and perversion. To get an idea of ​​what resembles a prom party early 80's Full Moon High School, thinks, Studio 54 with adolescents .. <br /> <br /> parody of Larry Cohen werewolves movies, among other things, overflowing rich jokes, honor, and in-jokes. My favorite sequence contain one sex-ed class, where Tony opens 80 class his werewolf transformation and the opening scene of Dr. Mark (Alan Arkin, who steals the film, Kenneth Mars sun on the screen), it is quite possible the worst psychiatrist in the world. His task is to shout down the jumper leads to the two men falling from balcony..the jumper and fire (trying, first, to dissuade him from doing so), and fuming mad at the brand! Mark even trying to sign a waiver Tony for his body donated to science creatures, so he could get his wife a fur coat! Kenneth Mars had me going in the field, as a homosexual football coach (.. and then in the 80th year as principal) who likes to pull their player on the scene where Tony behind..his unloading truth in sex-Ed class is classic. The film is loaded with inspirational choices..just casting littered with funny characters and cast interpretations..such, like Ed McMahon as a very conservative military braggart, who actually looks identical Joseph McCathy standing next to a photo of him in a bomb shelter (always talking about .. commies), Joanna nails as Rikov bulging eyes at the moment, who falls in love with a werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman (the blue patch) as the mouse, botany sexual clung (.. and rapist) teacher who is craving for Tony James Dixon as Deputy (.. its a big stage it cr Asti line from his police chief saying it to Dr. Mark, who begins mud words to himself to remember), Roz Kelly, Jane, in undyingly faithful woman who wants Tony only for herself constantly claiming he raped her, and Bill Kirchenbauer like Flynn , an old friend of Tony, and now the police chief, who was only after his friend Jane left town. I can not forget JM J Bullock as closed up gay son Flynn is trying to fit in at school, in the hope to find a lady with hilarious results. <br /> <br /> I like the way the film pays homage to the werewolf genre, for example, when he prowl..he often referred to in documents as Jack the Nipper, because he likes to bite their victims on cheek..and I I do not say face. He is seen more as an annoyance than a danger. In homage to Carrie and Psycho good and also funny quip violin. Cohen throws so many Zingers at the viewer, in the end one has to follow. It is obvious that in a comedy like this, not every joke hits this mark, but many of them. The cast makes it worth it. The film looks cheap on a typical budget Larry Cohen. Note the 50-stage, where obvious old actors who will show up down the road wearing outrageous wigs. Favorite Adam lead..he is the perfect foil for gags that follow him and Zingers he departed from the script Cohen. The film moves quickly, rarely catching his breath. I liked this horror comedy more than most, I think.
