I'm not kidding about that resume and voice! Video distributors packaged it as another typical 80th werewolf movies, but this is actually the greatest parody on the horror genre that you can imagine, having done for the horror film that "Blazing saddles" did for the western. I saw a lot of comedy - the good, bad, silly, strange, etc. (Usually departing struck), and I think that comedy should be the most difficult genre for filmmakers and actors to work - it only takes the right kind of press to do things well, and part of what being a good idea. «Full Moon High» sticks with good ideas - so much, in fact, that it can easily put Zucker / Abrams command with "Airplane" and "Naked Gun" to shame. One of the best of these is the very presence of Ed McMahon, starring as John Birch style right crazy. Jokes, non sequiturs, jokes and wordplay literally non-stop, and everything, including the kitchen sink was thrown into. Ironic tone very similar to the "Back to the Future." <br /> <br /> Some people (that is, almost every reviewer here) should be excluded the spirit of anarchy here, but I almost died of laughter, and this is one of those movies where you never know what kind of legal services' Jacek situation will happen next. Since the B-movie extraordinaire Larry Cohen did not direct the comedy before it, one gets the feeling that he was making up for lost time, including any joke he or his staff might think. If Mel Brooks did it, critics called it a comic masterpiece, but because it was done by Cohen, he was released from schlock. Critical reviews have called this film too "stupid". SILLY? What is a comedy should be - serious?! Anyway, I laughed more to this film than any other I can think of. Cohen makes fun of all - including myself, with a large number of references to it the usual brand of low-rent film; he and the actors had to have a complete blast doing it. <br /> <br /> humor very Mel Brooks-ish, and those who like Jewish humor or watches a lot of B-movies (especially horror) will love it. Believe me, the film is not too hard to find, and by the time you take it for what it is - the American Belly laughs slides does not claim social value at all - then you will really enjoy it !! <, Br /> <br /> One sidenote: this film has to somehow go down in history as the one thing that Bob Saget has ever starred in (albeit briefly) that was really funny.
