I do not know why people save a lot of low-budget indie film, but I enjoyed this one as I am in favor of urban horror. There are not too many horror movies, the city there so when I saw this on the shelf, only one name peaked my curiosity. So I decided to check it out, and I was impressed ... it's not too often you run into a low budget indie film horror with great action and a good story. Is this a low budget? Yes. You can say that this is a low budget? Yes ... but once you start watching the movie, you become so wrapped up in the story, it does not matter. I love hip-hop music, too, and a good soundtrack! I do not know what all these bad reviews for this movie. All I hear is "the worst movie ever." Were these idiots have seen every film there? There's thousands of movies out there, as you can classify one as a "worst case" ever? Video is not "movie" as «zombiez» may be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can not say that this is the worst movie ever since I have not seen every movie there. The result is these people who have given this movie the bad reviews, probably from the suburbs. Look, if you do not like a minority on the basis of, urban films, films ghetto, hip-hop, etc., then why watch these types of movies ??? !!! knowing that you do not like this sort of thing? Of course, this is a horror film, but it is not just a horror movie, but it's an urban horror film with a multi-cultural basis discard. I do not like TV shows like Dawson's Creek and The OC, they suck me. Films such as «Garden State», «Wedding Crashers» and «Huckabees I Heart" Suck me. I'm a guy from New Jersey, and these shows and movies suck me. Why? Because I can not relate to them. They did not peak my interest. Just common sense. Believe me, I'll never look GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN salad, Wedding Crashers 2: This is the continuation of torture again, because the first sucking so bad, and I HEART HUCKABORING. Now back to this film, in relation to comments saint405 in the above, I do not know when this guy smoking crack or knocked out "stupid" his drunken father, before he watched the movie, but I did a great job. The actor, who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a very good job. I'm an aspiring actor himself takes theater in my school, and I had to make a game where I had to cry, and it's not easy to be emotional in the scene, so I give props the actors who have to make an emotional scene and can pull it off. Anywho, I liked this movie, and never heard of these actors and directors in the past, but you bet I'm going to look for my things now, and if they read this, bring on the sequel !!! I'm out. Jerzee Representin '!
