Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come out to play, and even the boys in the hood DA can not stop them. This low-budget, straight to video production, seems dedicated to the liberation of the land of the dead, the latest installment of the famous series of zombies of George A. Romero. Installing ghetto hip-hop soundtrack can provide more attractive for intra-city gore hounds. Ricky (Carl Washington) working in a medical research center, raising his younger brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager, bored macaroni-and-cheese dinners in their ways home, would prefer to spend their time hanging out in the street friends Mark and Kev. Apparently, there is not a lot for African-American high school dropout to do on this side of the bay, except for drug deals and fights with Homeys, including rival Hispanic gangs sausages. Ricky plans to sell the house of his late parents and move deeper into the valley of Castro, more than the middle class and supposedly safe environment. Unfortunately, this can happen, that went on shooting leaves Jermaine dead on the porch. Heartbroken Rica tries a last desperate trick. He tells Scotty, his laboratory to steal some of the experimental cell regeneration formulas were tested on rats. If a double dose is not possible to restore by Jermaine, there is no choice but to call 911. But the funny thing happens on the way to the morgue. The boy revived as sputtering, zombie growl, chewed ambulance driver and ranges in the night, bent on revenge and the thirst for fresh meat. Feeding frenzy infect more victims, and before the night of the East Bay is a battleground between the living and the undead blood-spattered. Horror genre has seen more than his share of cheap producers of films, from Ed Wood Herschel Gordon Lewis, Charles Band. But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad films. Consider the programmer Lewton (CAT Man Leopard Man, Isle of the Dead), Poe Quickies Roger Corman, Night of the Living Dead Romero and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between a memorable and terrible has more to do with talent and ambition than money. Hood of the Living Dead is more fun than the cost of several hundred million dollars of the recent horror expensive. Cheapness has its charms. The really cheap film actors to wear their own clothes on the background of the actual conditions. Here tract homes have been recently painted the walls in neutral matt colors, giving as an oppressive gloom as bourgeois melodramas of Douglas Sirk in the 50th. The lines seem to be more improvisational than the script. "What the hell do we do now?" "Just keep your eyes open for any items F N», which looks out of the ordinary. "Ricky and Scotty called his boss, who calls the former military man named Romero. "I have a big bitch problems that we have to take care of quickly." "No problem," said the mercenary, closing his phone and grabbed his arms. Everyone has a weapon, and even when fighting zombies are on their mobile phones and who does not nowadays? Exchange information with naturalistic understatement. "What happened?" "We went into it with some crazy motherfockers.» «Vu Deja FN.» This is the zombie that park again. ... "Ricky has even blow it jerking girlfriend, saying only, "it got out of control. "Unlike most zombie movies, this one gives a reason for the pogrom. By Jermaine revenge gang sausages, who shot it, which in turn continues to roar. It is an urban film industry, which entails its own social commentary, but almost guerrilla production offering a future for the low-budget horror that reflects real life, rather than supernatural cliches. Brothers Quiroz, who trademarked his name, as if in anticipation of the new movement can inspire others to tell stories that arise sabistaga experience rather than mimic the tired product of Hollywood. Given its limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz made inexpensive but technically acceptable function of the people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson gets the job done, the music of Edward Quiroz is not easier than the obsession theme Carpenter's Halloween and hip-hop songs darkroom Familia and others add atmosphere. The result is a promising, if you really do not care. They learn their craft and, in contrast to the Lewis and Wood, who never got better, they should be ding to watch.
