There were "race" picture almost from the beginning of the movie business. Movies starring the almost completely black casts were made of segregated Poverty Row studio (more often than not belong to Caucasians) ghetto theaters. With the growth of urban decay during the 1970s, the idea was revived with a wave of '' black actors pictures made for urban grind houses, superimposed black actors and funky atmosphere compared to traditional areas of film B-. This trend has even spread terror in particular, with such names as Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill, which serve to version black actors monster standards. And he died with the closure of the majority of the city's theaters ?? he just slowly eased into the video age, and continues with the low-budget releases directly to DVD, like this one. Ed Hood and Jose Quiroz into the living dead, takes the recent popularity of horror movies for the hip-hop audience. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Auckland trying to save his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) out of trouble after the death of their parents. After Jermaine shot drug dealers drove by, Ricky decides to use an experimental formula for the regeneration of cells, that it runs on in an attempt to save the life of a teenager. Obviously, his efforts to naught, and Jermaine's body to be deducted. However, the body never makes it to the morgue ?? Jermaine again revives in the coroner's van as flesh-hungry zombies. It kills the driver, and then goes after the gang that killed him, spreading a zombie infection, wherever he goes. After hearing from friends Jermaine Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Mark (Raul Martinez) of the attack on gangster Ricky feels that the only thing to do is grab Jermaine and try to cover up the whole thing before he and his accomplice Scott (Chris angelo) arrested for the mess they harm. However, they soon discovered that the infection is spreading too quickly for them to control it. Keeping things simple, Quiroz team manages to produce an entertaining little horror function without overestimated themselves to the point where things start to look bad. Along the way, they also add a few interesting bits of business. If the first encounter with a zombie, Ricky Scott says, "Shoot him in the head, like in the movies!" ?? effective as any way to learn how to kill a zombie. An additional twist is added when the first shot in the head does not kill brain, adding to the viewer embarrassment. Another good point is that the soundtrack makes only limited use of sub-Eminem rap, which is the standard "terrible" music around.
