most of the bad reviews on this site censure «Hood of the Living Dead" for one (or more) of the following reasons: 1) it is a low-budget film with little or no action; 2) it was so bad that made me laugh 3) is something that I could do myself. I will not even discuss the first point, because this is a very subjective matter whether you like low-budget and independent things or not. I must say, however, that I still do not understand people who rent a film like "Hood of the Living Dead" and then surprised when they realize that it's not as polished and cute as a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mack Conaughey, with regard to the second point, I really do not understand what is wrong with a laugh. Personally, I like to laugh and love movies that make me, be it comedy or horror. If the «Hammerhead» I saw this girl going into the puddle and the shark-man came out of it, to eat it, I just cracked. And I was grateful that the director did such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure pleasure. Honestly, laughter just makes me feel good, while it seems that many people write reviews treated him like a bad bad. If you want to feel sad and scared while watching a movie, «Hood of the Living Dead" and low-budget films is definitely not for you. But please do not come and tell us that you will find them ridiculous. We already know this. This is likely why we decided to watch a movie in the first place. However, this is the third point, which leaves quite confused. Until a few years ago, people were lining up from the theater to see «Blair Witch Project», which is way more than a rudimentary, boring, plot-less and badly acted film than «Hood of the Living Dead" (and taking on too also seriously). in addition, half a million people come to YouTube every day, to see short films «lonelygirl15», that is certainly something that each of the cute girl rooms and webcam can do it! do not talk about everyone else more amateur video, which you can find there. Why do not people to blame for this clip in for bad acting, and a non-existent plot? I think this is one of the best things in our time, all with affordable technology and a bunch of friends can make their own movies and share them with people who have similar interests. And I feel a passion for the people who spend their weekends with his friends to do fairly bad (yet refreshing) a piece of garbage like this, instead of shopping at the mall or playing video games alone. Leave aside your likes and your desire to sound like a smart critic, attacking B-movies, and you'll see that «Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you nearly as much fun as it has made its creators! If you have a taste of a refreshing and pleasant home horror movies, I recommend «Zombiez», «Ghosts of Edendale», «The Killer Eye», «Monster Man», «Do not look in the basement", "the worst horror movie ever made" , "Redneck Zombies", "Jesus Christ Vampire-Slayer" and "habit".
