Eye in the maze is not your average Giallo ... and to be honest, I'm not quite sure what it really Giallo; but Giallo or not, despite some problems, it is certainly a very interesting little film. I hesitate to call it Giallo, because the film does not show most of the things that make these movies what they are; but many elements of the genre break the mold, and it seemed to be one of them. The film does not show any of brutal murders, as do many Giallo, but it made for a surreal atmosphere and the plot is almost confusing enough to remain interesting for the duration. The plot seems simple enough in that it focuses on the doctor who killed Julie, his patient, who for some reason, she sees him as her lover and the father, and the offense, when he comes to it. Then we move to the big house lived a number of people, but nothing not quite what it seems, there are a number of mysteries surrounding the various events that took place before the arrival of Julie ... <br /> <br /> The film seems that confession is something how the mind is like a maze. It never comes off, and I'd rather just sit back and enjoy what is happening, rather than worrying about what point (if any), the film is trying to do. Eye in the maze director Mario Caiano, Director for the excellent night Convicted several years ago. It does not create an atmosphere, and in this film, as he did in the previous one; but the surreal aspects of the stories come off well, and the mystery has always maintained that stops the film from becoming sad. Pinup Rosemary Dexter, which provides eye candy around, and also provides a good performance. Most of the rest of the cast is not really worth mentioning, with the exception of Adolf sat down, which is good as the villain and Alida Valli, whose cult fans will remember from a number of prominent religious clicks. The movie really explains itself in the end; that lucky, as I'm sure I'm not the only spectator who was more than a little confused then! In general, this may not be a classic pictures; but enough and well worth it to see well.
