This little seen film languid and laid Giallo. He turns from some of the genre clichés and takes a loose approach. We are talking about a woman searching for her missing lover; a psychiatrist who suddenly disappeared without any reason. Her search leads her to a villa inhabited by a group of eccentric personalities. Giallo In true style, the murder is never far away. <br /> <br /> Starring really pretty good. We have Aldofo Ceļi (Thunderball), Alida Valli (Suspiria), Horst Frank (Cat O »Nine Tails), and a very young Sybil Danning (80 scream queen). Leading actress Rosemary Dexter, and while I'm not familiar with it, it does a good job in leading picture. <br /> <br /> One of the defining features of the eye in the labyrinth is its music. Giallo is unusual for it indicates the jazz-rock fusion soundtrack. This assessment is composed of Roberto Nicolosi reminiscent of Miles Davis, particularly his work on In A Silent Way. This is a great soundtrack and really gives this film a different feel than most gialli. Hybrid groove emphasizes the languid atmosphere and complements the sunny, sea front landscape, the film mostly from. <br /> <br /> This Giallo so we really need to talk about the murder set-pieces. Well, this film gets a little less in this regard. This, of course, not without them, but they are few and far between. Opening murder dream is probably the best on offer, as well as a memorable sequence of a burning car. But it's actually not a particularly strong film. However, I do not think it has to disappoint too many experienced fans of the genre. The mystery is sufficiently convincing, and he has plenty of eccentric characters (Sarah idiot boy, and that is unacceptable dubbed alarming accent?) And bizarre moments to satisfy; while the sleaze factor is maintained with a small amount of nudity throughout. <br /> <br /> Eye in the Labyrinth play like version Giallo as Agatha Christie mysteries, as it has a group of unsympathetic characters in a villa, all on suspicion of murder; We have mandatory flashbacks, details of their connection with the last hours (very unpleasant) murder victim. Although this is not a class-A example of the genre, it's certainly appealingly different one, since it does not take too much from the other sub-genre films. For enthusiasts Giallo I give it thumbs up and hope that one day he gave a good DVD translation. It certainly deserves the treat.
