I have not seen the original "Incredible Journey", since I was a kid, so I can not compare the two versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and cats, whose owners leave them with friends in the countryside when the father of the family has to take a new job in San Francisco. Pets, believing that they have been abandoned, run and went on a long journey through the desert in the back. <br /> <br /> This story could be more easily removed as a cartoon, but both versions are actually Live- militants using real animals. One major difference is that in the later animals speak in human voices, giving each its own character, what has not been done in the original film. (A similar device of talking animals were used in other recent children's films such as "Racing Stripes»). Some critics were quite arrogant about the use of this device, but my opinion is that it gives the animal a distinctive face his own film helps to strengthen, not weaken it. Animals were voiced famous stars, Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. <br /> <br /> The two male dogs and their relationship parallels that among many people in the "friend" of the movie. Shadow, a golden retriever, wise, experienced old dog; Chance younger one cocky, arrogant and impulsive. To British eyes the chance to look like a boxer, but is actually an American bulldog, which, apparently another breed of his British cousin. Sassy cat woman with pretty smug face. She is very proud of its status as a cat, which makes it far exceeds any simple dog in her eyes. ( "Rule Cats, dogs drool!») <br /> <br /> In terms of adult film has a number of drawbacks. this can be sentimental, some of the incidents (for example, one in which the animals have time to catapult a mountain lion in the river) is absolutely incredible, and human characters are all completely forgotten. This, however, is a film which is mainly aimed at children, and I suspect that they will enjoy it immensely. Of course, any animal loves the child will do it. (Comments Some professional critics such as James Berardinelli, who complained that the voices of animals have reduced film "greatness", only serve to reinforce my view that the professional critics are not always the best guides to children's films. I doubt that many site talks about "The Way home" focuses on his supposed greatness). <br /> <br /> One thing that adults will appreciate this photograph Sierra Nevada Mountains in California. They can also evaluate the film mixture of humor and risks, like a runaway pets face dangers, such as bears, mountain lions and porcupines in the desert. This is a very nice family film. 7/10
