This comment does contain spoilers !! <br /> <br /> There are some actors who have them intangible. This innate quality that represents association charisma affectation and swagger. This quality, which can separate the good actors really well. I think George Clooney is and so does Jack Nicholson. You can look at the subtle touches Clooney scenes as his word said goodbye to Andy Garcia in Ocean's 11 when they just say the name of each other lightly. "Terry." "Deny." You can select any number of speeches Jack dated as far back as Five Easy Pieces at the diner to a few good men and his interrogation room scene court. These guys just are. You can add Denzel Washington in a small and exclusive list of actors who exude this amazing line in everything that he does. If you look at some of their explosives border exposures in the siege to his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in Spike Lee's film of the same name, you can see that there is a fine actor working today. I did not mention all this to hint that the perfect man in the fire only because of the work of Denzel, but he is definitely a gear production. I was just fascinated with some of his scenes, which are the raw, emotional and fiery all at the same time. <br /> <br /> Washington plays crisis, a former CIA agent or a spy or one of these secret government operatives. It has a lot of collapse, he became disillusioned with the life he has led. He killed and perhaps do things that are best left unsaid, and that made him a hardened and bitter man. His friend and possibly a teacher, played very cautiously, Christopher Walken, live in Mexico doing a very comfortable life, providing bodyguards for the rich. Apparently, the kidnapping business in Mexico is so bright that they paid former S.E.A.L.s and such can do very well, while providing the necessary services. Creasey in need of work and takes a job with a well to do family, which seems in some financial difficulties. Marc Anthony perfectly, like Samuel, Radha Mitchell seductively sexy as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning's just incredible and brilliant as premature Pete. I do not know as a child her age can have the range to play characters that she does, but her interpretation of Pete's none other than Oscar worthy. The entire first half of the film depends on the relationship between Pitt and Creasy, and when it was weaker, the actress starring perhaps the emotional synergy would not come across so succinctly. But Fanning is not that other, as well in this role. <br /> <br /> This is a relationship between Pitt and Creasy, leading the film to the top of the movie. Together they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them. Tony Scott directs with feverish urgency and his eye for visual flash has never been better. I'm interested to see how his next film, the Domino, is obtained. I think Scott is one of today's under-rated of Directors and with a lot of movies like this, his name will certainly be elevated status icon. <br /> <br /> This story Creasy really takes on Pete, and Vis-cha Versa is, There is a certain connection between the two of them, and perhaps this is due to the fact that, although Pete loves his father, he is not around lot. He is a philanthropist and obviously has little time to spend with his family. Soon Pete Creasy takes her swimming competition. He reads her bedtime story, and it is calling her teddy bear "crushed." It's not just friendship between them, to a greater degree of kinship and deep parental love, it seems to be present. <br /> <br /> The film changes the mechanisms when Pete really kidnap for ransom and crisis is almost mortally wounded while trying to protect her. This is where the story becomes thick innuendo and ripe with fraud, as the story unraveled pieces get, like an onion. And this is where Denzel becomes a tour de force. As I said earlier, I saw Denzel give some excellent performances in films such as Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I've never seen him like this. He is a man possessed, and with Pete to be dead, it becomes literally a man on fire. He rages at him as he hunts down and dish with its brand rebuke. wrath and astringency Denzil is all over the place and not so easy to put down, how it tracks down each person responsible for the violation of the pits in. This whole lynching as the Mexican government is always one step behind it seems. <br /> <br /> In addition, it is of paramount importance for the audacious brilliance of this film is that there are a few films that actually give criminals must answer. I'm often disappointed to watch movies where the bad guys make it easy. They cause all kinds of flour for the whole movie, and then they take a bullet and die. But not in this movie. Writer Brian Helgeland to see him, that the impact here is unequivocal, and it is painful. Blame here feel the wrath of crisis, and they feel the suffering that it unleashes. There's nothing trick about his brand of justice. He needs information, and someone loses a finger. He wants answers and a pipe bomb is in place, which are intended for other things. There is no punch pulled here and it's one of the real advantages of the film. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the five best films of 2004 now that DVD, my recommendation is to get SE. It is loaded with bonus features, which include about 6 hours of documentaries and various commentators tracks. 10/10
