If I remember the previews for this movie and not a lot of thinking about it. It was almost one of those movies that, if you see a preview of his stunning, and then when it comes out, you do not hear anything, and completely miss it, and your memory is not completely correct the error, it is not enough. Man on Fire was one of those movies. I was wondering for rental once, and I decided to take him home with me, my precious Rental Blockbuster in my hands. I watched it, and witnessed such a wonderful film. It is like no other ... the drama and action combined to create something wonderfully exciting. Cinematography by Tony Scott did very well done and unique, unlike other films. Subtitles can explain something without even listening to the real voice and the music is very interesting for the setting. I was in this movie, and eventually buy it as soon as I could carry the family and over Best Buy head. I watched it a few times now. Denzel Washington (crises) does an amazing job with this becomes wax-minded ex-Special Forces man with no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pete's) puts his life with his undying love for him from the beginning. They bonding and have become good friends, until she was abducted notorious gangsters part of brotherhood, Hermandad Lee. Kriz (Denzel) says Dakota Fanning's mother that he would hunt down the killers, fearing that Pete was dead. This is where Creasy does show a man that he can become. He uses his contacts with the kidnapping of Pita and hospitalization crisis, to find one of the men, and he begins his pursuit. My favorite line of all, in this film, when Christopher Walken says the AFI agent, that "man is a piece of art, in all that he does .... cooking anything. Arts crisis is death ... he's about to paint his masterpiece. " He plays a very unique roll old partner and friend in crisis. After finally pursuing his brother «The Voice», the leader of La Hermandad. Creasy organize a meeting to trade Pete for himself and his brother tone. In the end, Creasy dies from being shot before, and his early infected and massive blood loss. This is very sincere and sad end, but great. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone that is looking for an unforgettable film. the story in depth, everything is explained from the beginning to the end, and nothing corny or not at all properly.
