-Kidnappings in Mexico as often as honeys giving me their phone numbers so that if you are rich, you need a good bodyguard, to keep you and your baby safe. Couple washed hires bodyguard called crisis to protect their beloved child of Pete. Firstly, the relationship a little buggy, but after a while, Creasy easier for the girl and the two develop a relationship father / daughter. One day Pete is kidnapped and Creasy seriously injured in the process. When he wakes up, he finds out that the girl was killed because the ransom negotiations that went wrong and it sets Creasy on the way to find the people responsible for her death, and make sure they are brought to its brand equity. <, Br /> <br /> -Keep some Tylenol next to you while watching this movie, because you will need to take some after watching. I love the history here to go to extremes to get revenge because most movies are usually just want revenge, but in fact never goes too far, where as this film, they show how far a man can go, to do what he feels good. The only problem is the annoying visual style that will either make you hate or hate the film by Tony Scott. I really feel sorry for the filmmaker, because I am sure that he came into this movie thinking it was going to star in an action movie, and probably got all excited, but instead he stayed as a DP for the filmmaker, who feels that the entire movie should look like it was possessed by demons. I would not mind if the bad visuals few scenes were limited, but when it spreads through the entire film with the fact that when we have some problems. The same annoying style was recently used in the «Domino» and in the same way as with this film style is hurting, otherwise excellent film. <br /> <br /> -More people excuse on this film was to quickly become a great Harry Gregson-Williams, who was an impossible task: to try to compose music with rough images. Anyway, Williams wrote a decent music for the film, but I'm sure that if the film was more stable then the music would have been much better. Sound misused throughout the film, and instead improve the experience in the movie, but rather makes you feel like you were punished. Excessive use of the subwoofer annoying every 5 seconds, so you can hear this unholy lower end of the sound coming out of it. I do not know why Scott thought the audience needed to filled up the subwoofer, but it really takes you away from the film. <br /> <br /> -The acting in the film the beast, in spite of the visual effects. Small Fanning does another great job here and the scene late in the film just breaks my heart. If the end of the film does not make someone cry, they're dead inside. Denzel Washington violates his rights, without making any fighters with this movie, and fortunately for him, he gets to play a lot of character. The whole idea of ​​a man who lost his life, and all of a sudden because of the tragedy finds purpose in his life, there is nothing new, but Washington brings a heart and emotion in an otherwise flat character. I love how we see it from being a loner really learn to have emotions and after the abduction becomes cold instrument of vengeance. Radha Mitchell plays the wife of Mark Antony, and she and Fanning are two reasons why I can not hate this movie too much. J.LO husband comes and goes to the movies, but it does not stand out much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken all have a minimal role in the film, but they do influence. <br /> <br /> -One thing that makes me laugh, like the filmmakers are trying to make up for the shoddy way they depict Mexico on the phone is a great city, at the end of the film. A little too late, if you ask me. Let's hope that Tony Scott has done with this phase is deliberately trying to destroy her career because the filmmaker as talented as he can and must do better than that.
