You know, that is something else, when the film was Christopher Walken plays the role of a professional killer - and he was not even one of the bad guys! Despite the fact that he could do with some judicious trimming here and there, "Man on Fire" is generally effective crime drama that ranges in tone from the overtly sentimental to quite brutal -. And almost every conceivable tonnes between < br /> <br /> Denzel Washington stars as Creasy, a former CIA assassin who recently quit the business and is looking for a kind of atonement for the sins he committed. By this time he was looking for answers in a bottle and the Bible, instead of doing all that well either. As the film opens, Mexico was devastated by a series of abductions aimed and powerful and rich, perhaps perpetrated by the police itself assigned to maintain law and order in society. crises assumes the position of bodyguard to the daughter of a wealthy business owner, who rightly feared for his safety. The first third of the film is dedicated to the friendship between Creasy and his charge, Pitot, cute a girl who is slowly but surely working its way into the original hardened heart and passion Krizte in. The last two-thirds of the film turns into a melodrama Avenging Angel, and the crisis systematically seeks out and removes all those responsible for the tragedy , Which occurs at an early stage in history. <br /> <br /> Based on the novel by AJ Quinnell, "People in the fire" cleverly written by Brian Helgeland and director Tony Scott tasteless, is a quietly effective action picture that will never shy away from the raw brutality of its subject. He takes a risk in asking us to identify with the person who is for all intents and purposes, the achievement of its redemption torture and kill (admittedly) disreputable people. These scenes carnage and violence is intense and suspenseful, even if they are sometimes bordering on exploitative. Even better is a quiet, intimate moments between Creasy and Pita in the early parts of the film. Washington and Dakota Fanning to create a beautiful natural, relaxed rapport that helps to set the scene for the chaos and turmoil to follow. <br /> <br /> Washington carries the film with its quality thoughts of truth, forcing us to understand his character at an emotional level, even if what he is doing escapes us intellectually. In addition to two conclusions that have solid performance from Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, and Tikotin Giancarlo Jeannine. But Washington and excellent Mrs. Fanning, who steal the show. <br /> <br /> "Man on Fire" would be better rendered with about half the time it works, but it is still better-than average crime thriller.
