Although released among the flock click action revenge-minded (KILL BILL VOL 2 ,. Punisher, walking), MAN ON FIRE works just as it does in many respects thanks to the ever-watchable Denzel Washington, one of the best actors around today. <br /> <br /> for MAN on the fire, on the basis of 1980 AJ Quinnell novel (the first taken in 1987, Scott Glenn), Washington is playing down his success ex-mercenary who now bent down to drink from a flash Jack Daniels, to his old partner (Christopher Walken) offers him a chance at redemption. He was hired as a bodyguard to the 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning), a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his American-born wife (Radha Mitchell). Although he and Fanning work like oil and water first (not mixing very well), it really gets to form a relationship with her, encouraging her to do better in swimming, while he at the same time trying to fight the demons of the past, It that very connection, that forced Washington to return to his old line of work when Fanning was kidnapped and held for a ransom of 10 million dollars, and he almost died. Almost any other action hero stock (Schwarzenneger; Segal, etc.), further bloodshed would be the same thing repeated schlock we've seen a million times. But the character of Washington, though he kills for a reason, do not particularly like to do what he does. However, he gets help from a very intrepid Mexican newspaper reporter (Tikotin) in order to «La Hermanidad» (The Brotherhood), kidnap gang responsibility for <br /> <br /> MAN Fanning abduction. ON FIRE spoiled to some extent due to the hyper-camera operation, almost headache induces editing of installation, as well as various film stocks, which are in the nature of things it Tony Scott Director (TOP GUN, Crimson Tide), but which are not necessarily unique for it (the use of witness Oliver Stone mounting JFK or Peckinpah in its classical 60s and 70s films). Nevertheless, Scott gets a very good performance from Washington and Fanning, who fall into much more than a typical film-Brat child. south-of-the-border Harry Gregson-Williams Spanish guitar is amplified by the soundtrack inclusions Chopin, Debussy, and even the classic 1977 country-rock version of Linda Ronstadt for "Blue Bayou". Despite the fact that the film as a whole is quite strong, it is not worse than most action movies of the last ten years, and in general it's much better than most.
