Maslin Beach real nudist / naturist beach south of Adelaide on the Fleurieu Peninsula in South Australia. It is also the name of an Australian film, which used the beach as a place. <br /> <br /> Beach olives indicated romantic comedy. It can be a little misleading, because it is not "fun" movie, and it's not very romantic in the traditional sense, but it does have a carefree moments. Much like life itself, there are also moments of sadness, too. It is also fully executed on nude beach mentioned above, nudity and extends over the entire length of the film. The viewer quickly learn to accept it as normal, and to focus on the story rather than copious amounts of meat. <br /> <br /> Simon and Marcy (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arriving by car on the beach side of the car park. They take their stuff on the beach, and while they were going, a voice-over from Simon talks about his confusion about what true love is. The rest of the film is a study of this, framed by a full day on the beach. The main story is about what happens with Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters highlighted in a number of separate vignettes. <br /> <br /> When they arrive at the beach, like Simon and Marcy are bored with each other. Marcy see them as "Romeo and Juliet romantic couples. Simon just bored with it all. Next we are introduced to Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They walk along the beach with Gail discussed chances of finding the "perfect" person, based on "authority" in the necklace, which brought success to her grandmother. Nevertheless, there is still a lot of interesting people on the beach, not all of them are "attractive" and the young (of the realism of the film). <br /> <br /> In order to serve the patron beach there artsy, short -sighted ice cream seller with a van. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), who is a member of Simon and his unofficial adviser. I think that this character is the main element of the comic. It's hard to say, though, since there is nothing about Ben, who will make you laugh out loud, if you were not in a state of intoxication, the man and the very young! Maslin Beach is a great emollient, though, and this is something that he does not live too long on any one topic. Since the quality of the acting is variable, the script is suspect and everything about olives scourge cheap, lack of continuity is a positive boon. In fact, there is something about this film (not nude) that I find attractive. It is difficult to determine what it is, but it might be something to do with his sincerity, and downright attitude "Aussie" carnal matters. <br /> <br /> The camera work in olives Beach deserves a mention. Sometimes it is very good, with some stunning static shots and "pans" on the beach, rocks and sunset. How complete is the main factor in this film, framing is an important aspect of the camera. There's no point in tipping frame, which means that the frame is made so that the camera does not dwell on the "private" body parts. This helps to alleviate any discomfort the viewer on how to "personal space" of the subject and makes the movie more than the taste. Not an easy task, considering the location for filming. <br /> <br /> Beach olives is neither a "skin flick" for post-pubescent testosterone charged male nor romance 'Mills and Boon to underestimate women, olives Beach, do not seem to fit in anywhere in the genre . Actors are not "attractive" in the sense, Baywatch, and just "normal" people that you see on a beach somewhere. It has no message to put across, and will even act as tourist advertising, except, perhaps, naturists. In addition to the Australian accent, recording may be in any sunny country. What makes this film is clearly the Australian is the fact that it's pointless (Cinema believe?), And only Australian film and another average size of National Cinemas, could consider such a thoughtless option. At the same time, the medium-sized cinemas have a place for experimentation in the search for identity, and the "flop" is not going to damage their reputation too much. It is always possible, given that the Olive Beach is now a collector's item, the film may become popular worldwide, but this is very unlikely. <br /> <br /> In the course of this criticism, I sound very negative, sometimes about olives Beach. This is not the real situation, since I found the film very easy to watch. I enjoyed it as a reflection of the near reality and real people (and problems). Problems faced in the film are those in every day, and a little low on the sight. This makes it no harm, in my opinion, and I want to make more films doing every day as it is. There is a connection here with the cinemas of Europe, as well as with the French film in particular. They rarely have to deal with major disasters or catastrophes, but with each passing day. Hollywood is in direct conflict with it, and rides on the crest of a hyper-real action / drama / tight waves. The tempo is also significantly faster in Hollywood, but it's not reality. Maslin Beach is not quite "Jacques Tati" or, but he is on the right track, even if it ignores issues of multi culturalism, equality of gender orientation, and so on, which are so important in the current movie. I am sure that you will either love or hate this movie, with little room for middle ground. <br /> <br />
