«The Muppets Take Manhattan» is different in more ways any other Muppet Movie made so far. On the one hand, he is the only Muppet movie does not belong to Disney. In 2008, the film is still owned by 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its release), although Disney owns the rights to the Muppets. In addition, this film has a storyline that is very non-linear, and events that otherwise unpredictable. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is very hard to beat the original "The Muppet Movie" from 1979, the more so that this film had more catchy songs than "Manhattan" does. However, one of the ways in which «The Muppets Take Manhattan» is better than "The Muppet Movie", perhaps surprisingly realistic scenarios. In the first film, all the Muppets really need to do is to go to Hollywood to go to the office as an agent, and they immediately gave the «Rich & Famous» contract. In this film, Muppets learn that they actually have to work for their desired success, and it is much more difficult to do so, especially in the entertainment business than they originally thought. This is an important and often overlooked message, provided one is willing to suspend disbelief that the Muppets, as a small fabric, does not necessarily have to live in a spacious place, or even to eat, respectively. First of all, their struggle to make it out of college creates a very good story. Another note: the celebrity cameos in the movie were cool, and suddenly they could not take away the attention from the Muppets. This ability is a direct testament to Henson, and how appealing characters Muppet were even adults. <br /> <br /> Where «Manhattan» provides a flat, and this is where I'm sure people will disagree with me, then with some of the key songs, especially at the end. I thought the wedding song "He's Make Me Happy» was too gloomy for such a happy occasion like a wedding. It sounded like a song that played at a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, after hearing this song makes me extremely depressed, especially when the movie starts so upbeat numbers like "together Again" and ends well on this issue. "Farewell" was a sad room, too, but the best fit in the movie because Muppets were disbanded and were not sure what they were going to see each other. This is the last song was the SPU tsila, and perhaps even added to the misery younger viewers seeing your favorite Muppets leave the big screen. <br /> <br /> "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is on the whole a good film, and one that marches to the beat of a different drum than other films the Muppet, including a new, made after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, marches film in the same direction as well. I just wanted the movie ended on a better song that was not quite so boring. In addition, Disney had to get their hands on the copyright of the film and gave it a proper DVD release. Maybe it will ever be. We'll see.
