It was the third and final film Muppet friend Jim Henson was around to take part in the creation of his premature death in 1990. The first three films starring famous characters were made and released in theaters before I was born. Initially, I saw the first and second in the original trilogy, «The Muppet Movie» and «The Great Muppet Caper», around the mid-nineties, as a child, but did not see the third, «The Muppets Take Manhattan», until April 2007. This was soon after I saw his two predecessors and in 1996 "Muppet Treasure Island" for the first time in many years. This is the third Muppet movie definitely did not disappoint me the first time I saw him, and my second viewing of almost three years later, perhaps not impressed me so much, but if not, it is certainly not too far down. <, Br /> <br /> Musical The Muppets', "Manhattan" Melodies, it is a big hit on their college campus. They are graduating from college, so they will soon leave, but decide they will stay together and go to Manhattan to try to get their show on Broadway. After their arrival, they begin the search for a producer, but after many failures, they finally decided to leave and go find a job. Most of them leave the city, but it Kermen remains, and is still determined to find the right producer and combine Muppet gang. He gets a job at a New York restaurant, which is owned by a man named Pete. Frog quickly befriends the daughter of Pitt, Jenny madeler-, who currently works in his father's restaurant as a waitress. As Kermen is continuing its efforts to reach stardom, now with the help of Jenny, he does not know that Miss Piggy secretly remained in New York and now spying on him. She begins to see Kerman and Jenny together, and it seems they are getting close, which leads to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this film for the second time, it looked frustrated in the first. It seemed a bit rushed, entirely focused, and might even forget about the start. There are some funny bits in this part of the film, such as Animal chasing a woman through the audience on a college campus, but for a while, the film seemed bland to me than the two predecessors. Fortunately, it was not long before that changed. The film is entertaining for the most part, with the "Farewell", a bitter song Muppets sing like they are part of, and much of what happens after that. Two funny parts can be hysterical Miss Piggy after she sees Kerman and Jenny cuddle, but there were definitely many other times when I laughed as the poor Fozzie is trying to hibernate with other bears. Muppet still have their charm and comic antics, which obviously also helps carry the film for the most part, as does the plot, simple but intriguing one for all ages. There are some weak points, such as sequences Muppet Babies, and the performance of Juliana Donald Jenny is bleak, but none of these problems are too high, and not enough to ruin the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I would say, "The Muppet Movie", the film that started the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy, and that seems to be the most common opinion. This is the third film is probably the weakest of the three, but they are all good. Unlike «Muppets from Space", the third of the theatrical movie franchise made after the sad death of Henson, at least, «The Muppets Take Manhattan» is still the Muppets! I will not go into detail about what I think about the film in 1999 Muppet released twenty years after their first, as I have already explained in my review of why I found it so disappointing, and even if he has some appeal, I am obviously not alone. Nevertheless, every theatrical film starring the Muppets nice, which was made during the life of Henson's good fun for the whole family, even if the second and third installment, each showed a slight decrease in quality after that immediately preceded it.
