Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of the film. This is not a problem. Sets of cheese, inside and out. Fog everywhere, half hiding misery production. If there is a bar, the name is shown in the front window just says "wine and spirits." As a result, a lot of claustrophobic scenes. A single shot of the city skyline or even fake. It's kind of the story of Dublin, as well as Jack the Ripper movie about a battered, foggy, cobbled Whitechapel. Who would want it any other way? How could it be any other way without any profitable stars meager budget and shooting schedule in four weeks? Act takes its cue - defiantly Hammy from each. Sometimes, my God, this is positively painful. Mrs. McPhillips moaned after Frankie shot out. Victor McLaglin but provides exactly the right kind of overdone performance. Closet stuffed it into too small jacket, so he seems to break out of it, like Frankenstein's monster. His every movement seems to go a little further than expected. If he slams his hat on his head, he BOPS himself at the temple. Big, raging, weeping child, he seems to be constantly drunk. It changes your best friend for reward money, which will take him and his b-be a Woman in America, and not the good guy in the usual sense of the word. But we shudder as he begins to spend 20 pounds more and more of him during the wild, alcoholic night, because every road and a grand gesture of taking him away from his dream. I would not argue, but I can understand why he won an Oscar. <br /> <br /> As for the points of Max Steiner, wow. Every movement, already overdone, not only to emphasize the music of Mickey Mouse, but isolated in a glossy yellow. It should not have happened - the celestial choirs, affectionate young charms, minstrel boy gurgling settings while McLaglen from beverage bottles. It would be better without glasses at all. <br /> <br /> Well, as a whole? It dates back - by any measure, but not a product of his time. That's why I admire him. Thus, the symbolism clumsy at times. McLaglen, a real doll, bumping his head in a sign hanging. Fog. Blind. But what strikes me is how little of this at the time sued. What strikes us as overly arty today was in 1936 that something completely different than what was seen in the majority of programmers, are ground at a time. If he falls short at times, it does not matter. The film was an act of courage, politically and morally, as well as poetic. (Legion decency denounced it from behind the scenes in the brothel.) The purpose of the director must exceed his grasp, or what a script for? Watching it now, however, in 2006, the story is more alarming than ever. John Ford is clearly sympathetic to the Irish rebels. They kill, but only because of what they see as a necessity. ( "He knows too much to live. What if he goes to the piebald? Oh, I-I do not, I mean, but all of us, in Ireland itself.") The Irish sentimentalized and responsive. I wonder if the jihadists in the Middle East do not use similar logic to justify their acts of violence.
