In the mid-1930s, Hollywood is regaining confidence after vesting difficulties. Although all the technical sound problems were solved very quickly, it took longer to resolve the issues, as they say the picture should look like, how they should be structured and how they should act. Informer is a key picture is that it shows the extent to which the wordless moments can convey the story, claiming energy images, without ignoring the needs of sound and dialogue. <br /> <br /> This is not to say that really Informer atavism Silents golden days. On the one hand, many of the silent pictures were not so purely visual in their stories, and were saddled with the name cards. But what Informer there is confidence between the points to prolong the dialogue to focus on the response of more than speech, and let the arrows to play just for the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> John Ford Director, for all its features, was a director who seems to put in the effort in proportion as he is interested in the material. If he thought that the story was silly, he just did it half-arsed. Fortunately by Informer, with its image of the community, the honor of working class life and the most important of the Irish situation was anything Ford liked, and as a result of one of his best works. In this, Ford is only really works as the types of shots. The first place ?? Street Dublin shrouded darkness and fog, so far that their depth is not visible; dirty interiors where walls and ceilings seem to press upon us. Secondly, faces, striking close-up against a single-layer, as a rule, without dialogue, focusing on our internal conflicts these people. <br /> <br /> The leading man, Victor McLaglen fits perfectly into this character and thus a picture of him. McLaglen performance does not look so much like it to be about 90% of the drunken act. But the remaining 10% is heartfelt emoting, because here and there it Gypo Nolan has what alcoholics call a moment of clarity. With these productions won Oscars. McLaglen is based on a spot-supporting cast, among whom there are no weak links. In particular, it is nice to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, usually only seen in comic roles help playing straight dramatic parts at a time (though in a good-natured appearance does contain one or two jokes, the tone of the scene, and a large of his manner is serious). Not only do these two performances delivers unbelievably deep, they met for the majority of the audience, as the comedy gives players an additional note to the severity of their part in this tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, which prepared by Informer, was perhaps the most adventurous and willing to take risks all the major studios. Because of this, we can see the grim story of the despicable anti-hero at its center, which could easily have been clumsy, too serious disorder, and not filled with whimsical atmosphere and depth of character which keeps us looking and draws us into their world.
