Once again, early in the morning TV shows invaluable resource for the films that I otherwise would never have been able to find. At four o'clock in the morning, I fell out of bed to start recording "The Informer (1935)," is my fourth film from the prolific US director John Ford, and beautiful in it. Set the Irish Civil War in 1922, the script was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the novel of the same name Liam OFlaerti. Although he was born in the United States, and is best known for his "American" image, both parents were Irish Ford, which explains the decision of the director to direct the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan and meaningless, but well-intentioned bully, who reports on old friend Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), in order to qualify for the award of £ 20 for his girlfriend, Kate (Margot Graham). When Frankie was killed during his attempt to arrest the IRA, from which both Frankie and Gypo were friends, starting a traitor for the investigation of the incident, each bringing key them closer and closer to the real culprit. <br /> <br /> at the same time, gypo suffers from guilt over the untimely death of his friend, and goes down to the battle of heavy drinkers, that Don Birnam contenders in «The Lost Weekend (1945)" in its overabundance . As Gypo drowns his sorrows in rich amounts of alcohol trapped in the vicious circle of a small depression, his extravagant spending capture the attention of investigators IRA members. For once in his life, gypo finds herself surrounded by admirers (including amusing J.M. Kerrigan), who enthusiastically clapping him on the back and dubbed him "King Gypo» for his physical strength. Nevertheless, it is obvious that these people do not feel any affection for this man, and just show him the note to use his money. Additional £ 20 Frankie brought death could never buy Gypo meeting friends ?? in fact, in a bitter twist of irony, the money is only made possible through the change and the loss of one of its only good companions. Relatively simple person, gypo could not be fully taken into account the consequences of their actions, and as a result offered forgiveness due to his "not knowing what he was doing," but his stupidity should not go unpunished. <br /> <br /> Critic time aligned in Ford's film for its alleged support of propaganda "terrorist" organization. Although this position is obviously dependent on the personal views of its {Of course, I do not know enough of Irish history, which condemns}, there is no doubt that the film reflects the Irish Republican Army, as a dedicated, committed and impartial, a proud piece of Irish patriotism if I've ever seen. However, the main theme of the story is that of betrayal; movable intense poverty, one ordinary person betrays the trust of my good friend, and came to deeply regret its action. Tortured Gy plays mainly for self-pity, and Victor McLaglen gives high performance, which changes the whole life of unsatisfactory existence, culminating in an awful decision, which dooms his difficult death. "Informant" was the first major success of Oscar John Ford, winning a total of four awards (out of six nominations), including Best Actor for McLaglen {who snatched the statuette from the three-way favorites "Mutiny on the Bounty (1935)"} Best director and Best screenplay for Dudley Nichols {who refused the award because of the differences of the Union}.
