John Ford is one of the most influential and the most memorable American directors in film history, his name is usually associated with the Western genre film. However, perhaps the best film of John Ford western sun at all, but a seedy drama in the Irish struggle for independence in the early 1920s: in 1935-ies Informer <br /> <br /> Hard times on many in Ireland and . burned Gypo Nolan hit the web of poverty and despair. - and the walls are closing in Gypo big, but he's not the brightest bulb on the tree, has a warm heart, but a short fuse, and never seems to really think things all the way through, but he is not a criminal or a self-centered pig. Taking a walk through the streets of the hungry, not a place to live, clumsy Gypo Nolan said Prime lady in my life, Kathy of Madden, the streets soliciting themselves because of their desperate situation and begins to dream of making it to the United States, if only he had 20 pounds to pay for it. As luck would have it, his friend Frankie returned to the city with a price of 20 pounds over his head and Gypo desperate enough to tell the police about the whereabouts of Frankie. Gypo, with new £ 20 blood money earned, he believes that this is particularly vague night more vague, as guilt swells all over him and IRA invests all its resources to find Informer. <br /> <br /> Frankie Victor McLaglen reflects dead Gypo Nolan and certainly deserves the Best Actor Oscar he won for this film. His senseless, stupid and gentle turns to the size of characters and McLaglen only the second character of Dudley Moore Arthur Bach 1981 film Arthur as the most entertaining cinematic drunk. performance Margo Graham, Kathy Madden is also great, but it McLaglen and are the only members of the cast, which is really impressive. Preston Foster especially as the miscast manager of the IRA, mainly because it is the most obviously not Irish, and JM Kerrigan borders on annoying throughout his role in the film, but it's frustrating supporting cast of the film only poor point. <br /> <br /> Often overshadowed by some of the most well-known Ford westerns as a seeker or The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, The Informant is easily one of the best movies of John Ford - if not his very best. Starting with the fact that there will be a long career Oscar nominations and wins for John Ford, The Informant has won four Oscars, including one for his best director in 1936 and Ford's use of shadows and light in the film is particularly interesting and vital for Talking history. Gypo walk across the street told grim state of the city and flagrant accusations in street lights, each shadow constantly remind him of his dark deeds. Ford team this technique was strange to watch; if the informant has been made in 10 years (thus making the requirements of the genre), it will probably be considered one of the best film noir of all time, but that does not prevent him from being remember as a great classic film.
