Maybe it was because I looked at the history of Irish riots in the 1920s, and then sadly the Civil War, to absorb the Free State after signing the contract, before watching this film. In any case, an unexpected twist at the end of tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen is not as well known today as he was then, and it should be better remembered. In this film, I think he's playing as he would have been without the innate talent and brain. For example, the scene where his friend in a crowd of people difficult to deal with it is probably very similar to what is actually McLaglen in previous years, when he was a world-class boxer bare bones. John Ford is partly responsible for this; IMDb trivia section shows how he cheat McLaglen in obtaining really a hangover for the trial scene. This director can also reveal a lot in his actors, even without such tricks. In general, however, McLaglen firmly in control, especially when his character almost completely besotted (which is difficult for an actor to make believable), and he also plays Gypo Nolan with depth and emotional power, which is surprising for someone who has only seen McLaglen later in his career, in "The Quiet man". I particularly like the contrast between this role as a man IRA and much more clearly controlled performance, which he gave as an IRA man Denis Hogan in the "Cat House.» <br /> <br /> The "Quiet Man", of course, the country McLaglen squire at odds with the local IRA. Victor McLaglen was a big bully and, in the old sense of the word, but he was a good actor, too, and is capable of a wide range and subtle nuances of the performance that we just would not have been expected from such a man today. It's a pretty sad commentary on our own set of expectations and preconceptions. <br /> <br /> Ford, as usual, a few packs of film. All the characters are excellent (although mostly American accent distracting curfew) - Note: There be spoilers ahead! - Knowing that Gypo once drew the short straw and been ordered to kill a man, but let him talk his way out of it instead, we really empathize with the person who draws the short straw to perform Gypo and humanity he shows, most especially if they go to take Gypo in Maria's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford really shows his genius here, taking what could have been terrible, and yet the expected result for the whole story, and instead of using it to create an entirely unexpected but very satisfactory an ending that makes us think not only Gypo and other characters, but poor in Ireland during this time tortured.
