I remember watching it late at night on the black-and-white TV, long before the live-action version was so much as a twinkle in the eyes of Peter Jackson's ... and was very impressed. Finally getting my hands on this week on VHS copies, which is thrown (and it's not something that's just par for the course? ..) I had a chance to review this film, and found that it still gets pretty good, although it is not quite the success that the memory has been painted. <br /> <br /> I have to admit to some bias here. Some observers declare themselves as confirmed Jackson fans, others, like Jackson haters; I'm not quite. I was a supporter of BBC Radio adaptation of Brian Sibley originally aired in 1981, and immediately recognized the voice of Gollum here - Peter Woodthorpe would repeat this performance nearly note-perfect for radio three years <br /> <br. /> I must say, however, that where I found Jackson's movies more leniently disappointment Bakshi version, for all that it has been cut to the bone, is actually more accurate. Yes, there are the usual, clear changes (here, Legolas, Arwen and not, as a substitute Glorfindel Elf of Rivendell sent to meet the party), and there is a large telescoping action. (The only exception to the latter, as others have noted, it is strange extended sequence at the ford of Rivendell, where the Ringwraiths, demonstrating chilling ability to freeze and draw back to Frodo in mid-flight - which they once again, if you deploy it challenges them after crossing the river. - then for some unexplained reasons just to chase after him for a long straight gallop, which was originally a nightmare, but it is meaningless, story-wise, and, of course, is too long), I also agree that the Balrog is unsatisfactory yuchym, partly due to the bad animation, and that Gandalf wind his arms too much. <br /> <br /> But, looking both approaches to the film, I feel more than ever that the animated route is one take. In the fairy tale, which is half the myth (oddly enough, the one thing that includes an excerpt from the story of Aragorn Beren and Lúthien) extreme bukvllizma desired live-action filming, where all the monsters on mail shirts More to appear on camera should be set up, counterproductive: latex face (or CGI) monsters less horrifying than a sketch, showing figures, heroic costumes tend to look pretty silly to wear on real bodies, and the hobbits or gnome with inhuman proportions easily animate body, but it is hard to remove convincingly. Many observers have cited sniffing Ringwraith in the woods, with his crippled, half-human movement, as one of the worst moments in the film - it certainly scared me silly when I saw him the first time only in the dark <! br /> <br /> The extreme stylization administration (plus the narration is done with great skill and economy, to bring the results of the background in a few sentences) works very well represent almost mythical era and the change to the comics rusticism Shire - I particularly like Proudfeet - effectively meets a similar change in the tone of Tolkien's prose. I feel that there were some missed opportunities where the potential of animation could be used to great effect: Gandalf threatens Bilbo with his present force in the first scenes, Bilbo allegedly become Gollum like being under the influence of the Ring-lust in Rivendell, and the famous temptation speech Galadriel were all made more or less directly, where it would be trivial to distort the scene to reflect the changed perception of the hobbits. But, generally speaking, changes in the details and the palette - the Firelight shades on Bree, bright colors are revived in Rivendell, and in the clearing of Fangorn, dirty gray and brown colors for Moria and desert land - work well, to reflect the mood of various scenes where live-action approach just do not make it possible to blur the background or a sketch in a stylized environment <br /> <br /> As a fan, I do not care for any image or Jackson Bakshi of Lothlorien. - - again, I feel that radio soundscape was the best suggestion I have come across a beautiful little paradise terrible forest, caught out of time - and I feel that Bakshi got Elvish singing at this time is very wrong, but I do like a little installation at this stage shows a different member of the Society relaxing together after their suffering in Moria. Aragorn giving Hobbit fencing lesson herein as engaging (and equally noncanonical) match as Boromir interaction with hobbits in Hollin Jackson version. <br /> <br /> Figure Aragorn as convincingly Ranger is affected by the weather is good throughout the film (look sloppy Jesus Vigo Mortensen does not really work for me), although it would be interesting to see how they planned to "cleanse" character in the second half in favor of Gondor. John Hurt, it is not surprising that enables flawless vocal performance, as does the resonance William Squire regarding Gandalf. Hobbits, I suspect that is intended to reflect the modern youth as audience identification figures: I think, animated style (their proportion is much more "cartoony" than those of the human characters) works well to distinguish between them, and all the "hairy thing Feet" as drawn here comes a much more plausible than in a literal way, including a lot of fan art <br /> <br /> Personally, I have less objection to Boromir as a viking -. he was always pretty bludgeoning type - - than Beardy-Aragorn (illogical: they were both Numenorians, in eshtse all), although I obviously in the minority here <br /> <br /> biggest flaw in this picture will always be the fact that it was an unfinished project, a bizarre tack-on voice-ending attempts to address a pity;!. it would be interesting, not to mention the least concerned to see that Bakshi had planned to make Shelob and Minas Tirith, not to mention the dead ...
