With the release of Peter Jackson's famous "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, it's even easier to dismiss Bakshi's 1978 animated film The Lord of the rings below. I agree with the majority that the Jackson trilogy is an essential adaptation of Tolkien's work, but it does not prevent me from enjoying the ambitious pioneering effort in Bakshi. Jackson admitted that he received at least some inspiration to see the film Bakshi and there are some obvious similarities between their adaptation. <br /> <br /> picturesque scenic backdrops and beautiful film score is stored. I was mostly satisfied with the pictures of the characters. Couples Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel largely indistinguishable from each other visually, the Balrog and Treebeard have been impressive, but these points did not bother me very much. However, Nazgul aptly illustrated and made quite horrible. Only sign I was worried about Sam; he was made to look stupid indecent. <br /> <br /> This movie is new to his animation techniques. Attached to the hand-drawn characters live actors included in the animation through rotoscoping. Clearly, what characters to draw and rotoscoped, but nonetheless I found that the film was a novelty style. Using rotoscoped live actors for the battle scenes was a good decision and helped these scenes are good. <br /> <br /> voice generally of high quality. Especially good was John Hurt, who provided authoritative Aragorn. Aragorn entirely my favorite character of the stories, but with the support of the voice of John Hurt, he was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice appropriately strong Gandalf. The only actor who seemed inappropriate Michael Scholes, Sam, whose voice was irritated and said, unfortunately, stupid Sam image. The only annoying part of the voice is a mispronunciation of names of characters and places. Especially strange decision was often called Saruman «Aruman». <br /> <br /> In the production of this film, Bakshi, it is expected to have an opportunity to make two films. Thus, this film contains about half of the story, from the beginning, "Fellowship of the Ring" until the end of the Battle of Helm's Deep in «The Two Towers". The obvious consequence of this is that the story of the film is a very condensed version of the history of books. I like the original stories and more thorough adaptation, but freedom taken to compress the story does not bother me, even the choice to leave Arvna history. Enough of the key elements of the story have been in this film to keep me busy for the whole period, and was not even in the novelty being able to breeze through the half rings Lord of history in 132 minutes. The fight scenes were impressive and, in particular, the band march and fight at Helm's were huge. <br /> <br /> Bakshi version of "The Lord of the Rings" is not perfect, and there is no doubt that the Lord of the Rings series of readers complain cuts on history. However, for me the shortcomings of the film were minor compared to the thrill of watching the big half of the effective adaptation of the trilogy. My only lament strong that I can not see the second part of this "first great tales" Lord of the Rings, as Bakshi has not been given a budget to create a sequel.
