I love this movie, and it's a shame to me that so many "reviewers" to rank it below trilogy by Peter Jackson. Remove the novel always interprets; in particular, an animated film based on the artist's vision and be judged on its own terms. Speaking as the purists, this is a tribute to Tolkien's thinner than an updated version. Despite the fact that this film has its flaws, it is more accurate to the source, especially as long as the characters are concerned <br /> <br /> In the version of Jackson's Tolkien's Frodo little known :. From the first scene, he is portrayed as a weakling constantly hesitate to manipulate the forces around him and never stands on its own two feet (physically and metaphorically, for sure.) You wonder why fate chose this sluggish biscuit wear one ring in the cracks of Doom. Jackson inexcusable rewrite Tolkien Frodo and robs his wonderful moment when he allows Arvno to save him from the Ringwraiths ... Bakshi version against the original, presenting Frodo that requires ghosts "Go back and trouble me more!" Bakshi supports character Frodo as Tolkien conceived him. We see it as a reduction in the weight of his burden increases. Frodo is so crucial to the Lord of the Rings you wonder why Jackson took such liberties (he does it with multiple characters), as well as the development of character propels the story to an inevitable conclusion. Bakshi film better, explores the relationship between Legolas and Gimli in a few sensible scenes that are completely absent in the version of Jackson. Similarly, we see Boromir pulled with Pippin and Merry, promoting the idea of ​​dialogue. For my soul companionship is more developed in the animated version than the live action <br /> <br /> poetry of Tolkien is an important ingredient in the novels and Bakshi makes this tribute to one of my favorite scenes:. When Frodo sings "Old merry Inn »song minutes before bumping Strider. Joyful Melody bogey coexist with darker theme music when a few seconds later, unseen by his friends, but can see ghosts, Frodo dangerously exposed. This is one of the most atmospheric areas of the film and chill me every time I see him. <br /> <br /> well documented budget / time limit to limit the impact of the final film, but if it had been completed, it may be resonating with more viewers. As it is, it's worth a look. Even his detractors admit that Peter Jackson got most of his inspiration from this prototype.
