As an animated film in 1978, this is very good - as a rule, much higher levels of the days when Disney did not do anything good for the past few years (and Tolkien is still a little bothered by Disney). He gets major points for innovation and careful camera work, using cinematic techniques with relative success. So maligned rotoscoping actually works quite well, especially with the Ringwraiths and the opening narration. Nevertheless, it is so much abuse - perhaps as economical technology - that it detracts from the overall effect. The same method that makes the ghost scary and otherworldly lives so well Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> As for the adaptation of the history, it's actually very good. We lose little bits here and there, small parts, such as the Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, lighting and Sackville-Bagginses. We squeeze several characters, such as the revision of Legolas as one of the household of Elrond and Aragorn's old friend, but it's pretty wise decision for the film. The books you have room to include more references to the world of elves and the general history of Middle-earth in. In the film you trade that for visuals and sound that convey the same elements in a different way. Nothing critical Sun really lost here, and although I have a minor quibbles about some changes, I generally very happy with it <br /> <br /> If only doggone writers failed to recall the name of Saruman. - it is often referred to as Aruman, the decision is likely to do to make it clearer with the same name of Sauron; it took me a second review before I was sure that he could hear it. It's also annoying that Boromir is a bloody phase of Viking, and annoying to begin with. Nevertheless, Gandalf is excellent, and most of the rest of the voicework fine. If only John Hurt was not too old to play Aragorn; I love his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film ends in the middle of the story, there is a huge disappointment built. What makes it much, much worse, it is generally deplorable work on Rankin & Bass to continue the team. The fact that they led to the return of the king after the carve Hobbit remains a huge mystery; they are more interested in bad songs than in good storyteller. For all its faults, the heart of the film is firmly in place and is trying very hard to perform almost impossible task. I can only hope that the upcoming film series retains the true vision of ...
