More than twenty years ago, visionary adaptation of Peter Jackson's The Lord Of The Rings, there was a 1978 animated effort directed by Ralph Bakshi. Ambitious and fairly accurate version of history, which, unfortunately, was rather over-shadowed by the Jackson trilogy. Indeed, many of the reviewers here on IMDb (mainly those who have seen the new version of the first), it seems desperately bad this version .... but if you apply a little common sense, and takes into account the time when it was made, and technical capabilities, that existed at the time, then they will understand that this is a very good movie. In fact, it was shortly after watching this animated film in the early '80s, I was looking for a book of Tolkien and immediately became a lifelong supporter of the detailed Middle-earth adventure. So, in some ways, I have this film degree of recognition as a film, which is formed by my literary tastes good. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Dark Lord of Middle-earth, all-powerful forges a ring that gives him incredible power. After a great battle, in which Sauron is defeated, the ring falls into the possession of the king by the name of Isildur ??. but instead to destroy it, it is pointless to want to save it. For many centuries, the ring passed from hand to hand, eventually came into the possession of a Hobbit named Frodo Baggins, who lives in a peaceful community, known as the Shire. Frodo learns from the master by the name of Gandalf, his ring, in fact, a single ring, the same that was forged by Sauron all those centuries ago, and that her boss once again looking for him in order to regain his dark power over the entire earth. Frodo goes on a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other satellites hobbit, but every step of the way they hunt ghosts ring of Sauron, the Black Riders. There stands a lot of adventures, during which the company of nine adventurers formed guide rings in the one place where he can be "bulk" ?? Mount Doom in the land of Mordor. The film concludes with Frodo and his best friend Sam on the borders of Mordor, covering all closer to their monstrous assignment. Meanwhile, Gandalf and other members of the company to deal with a huge army of orcs in the legendary fortress of Helm's Deep. <br /> <br /> This version covers more than half of the original book. The second installment was planned to bring the story to the end, but it was not, unfortunately, did not finish. Although the ending feels cool, it is at least a reasonable ending point in history. You need to feel a little disappointment and regret that no sequel does not exist, in which we could follow these cartoon characters to their ultimate goal. The animation is passable, with a good variety of locales and characters presented in an interesting detail. Music Leonardo Rosenman suitably stirring and kept in a proper manner with an epic narrative. Speech frame is decent too, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe like Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who provides the voice of Sam - a rather old-fashioned and Goofy, who are not suited to the character. Lord of the Rings is a laudable attempt to visualize the staggering book on which it is based.
