There's very little doubt that HG Wells is the most influential writers of the 20th century. Jules Verne has some claim to be the father of science fiction, but his stories were more adventurous stories using amazing invention as a plot device. Wells was deep and led subtext to his stories. Perhaps his greatest legacy is that there is very little if any evidence that people believed in life on other planets to the 20th century, where it is now, many people, including Richard Dawkins consider it a near certainty . There is no evidence of this, of course, can not help wondering what it was Wells, who made it the human mind? Undoubtedly, it was Wells that planted the seeds. <br /> <br /> THINGS COME Wells was adapted himself from his own novel. It's pretty obvious, however, that he can not tell the difference between technical writing novels and writing scripts. Dialouge often burdened with hard and flimsy. One case in point the two pilots on opposite sides, which discuss the nature of war, "Why do we have to kill each other. Why? "This reflects the criticism, near naked contempt that Orwell was Wells, in his article Wells, Hitler and the World State, and it is true that anti-war message Wells hurt inflated. It would be impossible to believe it place between the pilot of the Royal Air Force and its counterpart in Luftwaffe few years later <br /> <br /> It is said that it is absolutely thrilling to watch a movie in 1935 and predicted World War takes place in 1940, which heralds the end of civilization. There's a vivid and memorable building as a child bangs the drum as a phantom army marches in the background and the disintegration of society and the fear of disease Wanderng superbly realized. Even a fairly lazy speaking indicates the year the installation is persuasive This image, making this film together with Arthur Bliss score that makes the film so memorable. And, to be fair Wells does ask the question: "The universe or anything. What will it be? ". In short, this is a film whose shortcomings easy to forgive
