H.G. Wells in 1936 was in the past its heyday and its books that survive are long gone. He comes to the end of his life, and he was confronted with his dream went sour. At the beginning of the 20th century, he defended the idea that the world was condemned, because the evolution of species, natural biology, on the one hand, and Marxism, the market economy, on the other hand, were necessarily lead to the victory of the weaker over stronger thanks to a simple criterion amount. The weaker were the mass of mankind and the stronger was the minority elite. He then defended the strict eugenic policy of eliminating all those who in one way or another weakening of the human race. First of all, no Caucasian, with the sole exception of the Jews, who would disappear through intermarriage. Then, within the framework of the Caucasian society of all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, the mentally disabled, those who have been genetically disabled, etc. This is not Hitler. It was H.G. Wells, and it was not long after the first world war. It was more than a decade ago. And twenty years before the First World War, he published Time Machine, which defended the idea that "race" man, left his own expense and at the expense of wider cosmological evolution of life on Earth will see human differentiation "dew" on the two "species "The working class would be underground labor-intensive and the bourgeoisie would have been idle view the surface The case was in the novel that the surface of the complex and the weak kinds of unemployed were prey to other species which are predators, Wells was convinced that humanity is in danger, and the policy should be.. stop this evolution by introducing strict eugenic policy. The first country to go to these provisions were the Scandinavian countries, which were also the last to release it only recently for some of them. The film is offers a vision in 2036 with a world government, absolutely dictatorial that no no elections, no parliament, no truly democratic institution, only peace imposed by military conquest, and the government is dominated by one man or the most one man and several of his advisers. In this future world, all, absolutely all human beings are Caucasians. Wells was able to imagine mankind be completely white in 2036 is amazing. Wells provides a kind of rebellion, but it would be short-lived and lead to nothing at all. Latest offers are the vision of the white civilization conquering the whole world, when contemplating the sky and the stars and planets. Terrible. And it was made in 1936 more frightening, because there was not a slightest mention of Nazism, fascism and Japanese imperialism and Stalinism can be found. But it is important that this film a good reconstructed edition, because it is very important to have a complete picture of H.G. Wells. We, of course, very far from the brave new world of absolute "democratic" social selection, or the dictatorship of the proletariat Animal pigs or 1984 abstract mediatic dictatorship of Big Brother. This vision is at least as scary as the other three. And I just want to compare Wells with British science fiction of his days. It would be unfair to go beyond. This suggests that in England in the first three decades of the 20th century there was a huge fear among intellectuals :. The fear that in the future will only be grim, grim and as a deadlock <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and the University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
