"Things are coming" Movie Review by kWRice <br /> <br /> This is another miracle filled sci-fi film from another place and time. This is a film that I have seen only a truncated part, but the art is to be taken as a whole. I felt this film, as it was designed in a darkened theater, the silver screen, with whirling reels of film and the audience to share it with. This audience itself were carried out with the help of this film! One woman who lived through WW II was blocked by the ravages of war and memorable replenished by positive, albeit corny ending. <br /> <br /> things that caught my attention from the very beginning the initial loans. The first thing we see «H.G. Wells "fat corner block copy as well as in the" Superman "of the former. This is not the name of the movie, but the creator of the title, and then, before any other people, such as actors or production listed, directed by William Cameron Menzies is out there! Who? You've probably seen his work before, "Around the World in 80 Days", "The Pride of the Yankees" and "Gone With the Wind." He did not direct then Sci-Fi epic opera he and Mr. Wells had made, but the images of the film sets, and the design is very famous. <br /> <br /> This image is very implementation. I found the image on many other films that pay tribute to this classic. A recent "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy", obviously, along with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasy", "Monty Python and the Holy Grail ',' Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow," "Night of the Living Dead" and many other things that I do not know, but that names escape me. this is a real special effects here, the scene is now done with CGI made with actors, a large set, and detailed models. this film was made in 1936, and it is obvious that it meant something other filmmakers. Wells Menzies and also worked with Bliss, making music, and Korda, the producer, to create a masterpiece of n vedamlennem, a warning and lesson. <br /> <br /> The lines of Shakespearean actors Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey say sometimes sounds instructive, but I also heard lines, I can still hear today. "These toys children are now there is nothing that I had when I was a kid "," This will contribute to the development of their co-ordination ',' we need books for what we need to read? "" We do not need a car, nowhere to go, we have everything you need right here "," there will be no war. "But the war is! Naive citizens« Everytown »just refuse to see the writing on the wall. Endless War blows Christmas Eve. A little boy wants to be a good soldier like his dad image that most likely will always be with me. This is the world in 1936, that wore blinders on appeasing Hitler. The war did not end there. Poison gas flows of air wars in the second act. <br /> <br /> This is another dark age. not the government, nO service, as well as people, and wearable joyful war that no one remembers anything about. Plague, generals and bullying and to get the aircraft to fly on fuel, which no longer exists. Close shot on the street before they can carry the plague to another. Midway has an amazing vignette of Rolls-Royce, which is a much-needed respite in the middle. In these lands futuristic aircraft, predicts the future. <br /> <br />, that in the future it is the third act. Peace was restored with the help of the "sickly animals, man." the helicopters fly in this film, even before they were invented. Assistant plumber has a different application than the Far-th or Glenn Miller. Wide plasma screens filling weight of the screen, and speakers are inciting people to break these down. "Beware of a concussion, you have been warned!" City's father warns violent population. Therefore, keep in mind that this film could hit you, he hit me. There are some lovely miscues and miscalculations, but thought provoking idealism that actually should think again, and I want to see this artful film again. Others have criticized Mr. Wells vision. It is very easy to work with 20/20 hindsight in relation to things, costumes and Foley miscues. I believe that Mr. -Uels "things Who is" not a thing, but actually about the concepts of social Tandy Enets and philosophical ideals. Besides, now we are just beginning the new millennium and at a time yet to come. This is not a cheap cardboard British science fiction, but it is worth Epic Filmed opera without singing that overcomes some minor flaws dating from the whole concept.
