I must admit some disappointment of the film; I read a lot about how it was spectacular, but the actual action-packed sequence, the age of science, occupies a very small amount of film. Sets and great when we to them, and there are some amazing images, but this last sequence not present in many other ways too ... <br /> <br /> Much best drama piece is in the midsection and then he plays like a melodrama which arises in connection with the "high" concept sci-fi character of all this is not enough and lasting dialogue. There is much more human life in this part, though, with great Ralph Richardson sailing gloriously over-the-top like a little dictator, the "boss" in Everytown. I loved the way Curt Richardson and shipping lines, rejecting the presence and ideas aside, confident guest Raymond Massa. This boss is posturing, clearly deluded figure, unable to realize the miserable nature of his kingdom ... This is not a big role, but makes a lot of Richardson. <br /> <br /> Everytown itself, apparently meant to be England, or at least the city is quite representative of the English FA. It was interesting to complete avoidance of any religious aspect to things; that "the future" seems to revolve around the conflict between militant barbarism and beliefs in science, which seems to have little ultimate goal, and just go on and on. There is a belated attempt to raise some arguments and tensions in the last section, in relation to a personal "life", but one was very displeased. The film has not received much interest in the subtle complexity; it goes on touring show and unsubtle, dull moralism, every time. And, of course, remember the hedge-betting finale: Raymond Massey waxing lyrical about how uncertain things! <br /> <br /> As for the question about the film being a prediction: I must say that it is not bad, per se, given that one obviously accepts that it is not possible to receive information life anything like that right. Grander concept has something to them; the war in 1940, and it was perhaps predictable ... Lasting almost 30 years, the mind? Nuclear bomb - "super gun" or some such contraption - in 2036 ... technocratic socialist, "we do not believe in an independent national state" -type government in the UK since 1970 ... hmmm, unfortunately, is nowhere near on the , lads! ;-) No real policy did not go into here, which is a shame; whatever surface is very flattering to anti-war sentiment. As a rule, it is assumed that a dictatorship - be a boneheaded-Luddite-fascist, as under the Boss, or all of the same hand-to-pump of scientific socialism - will * be * the transaction, and these effects are not taken into account ... While we must remember that in 1936, it had no knowledge at all, as Nazism and communism out - or even how they turned out - the lack of consideration of a number of creators seem meek vision frame of the film on other issues. <br /> <br /> Most of the early things should - and could - have been carved in my mind; Only the shortest material from the "1940" would be needed, but this segment tends to be quite heavy, and this age, before we get to the part of the Richardson-Mass. I would like to see more of Margaret Scott; who just a trifle skeptical, cutting Mediterranean flashing figure eye to minor goals. Character is not explored or explained openly or operate, for one scene, which I will not spoil, except, and its relationship with the boss is not understood; but then it was in the 1930s, and there is such a thing as the widespread institutional censorship then. Edward Chapman mildly amusing in his two roles; especially in the first like the hapless see, praying for war, only to be crushed by another character directly Massa. Massey itself helps things a lot, playing his part with a mixture of restraint and gloomy appetite, contrasts well with the main actors shy, except Richardson and Scott Chapman, a little bit. <br /> <br /> I would say that the "Speech of the future" is undoubtedly a very unusual film, it was made in the UK in 1936; one of the few major British science fiction movies today, actually! His set (pc) development and resource development are predatory, amazing. <br /> <br /> However, the scenario is ultimately too seriously and sometimes everywhere. Direction inclined to flatness, although it is a step up gear stage or two about. Cinematographer and Mr. Richardson actually save things, however; respectively, creating a reverential sense of wonder in technology and attractive, jerking performance, constantly fascinating. Such a shame that so little real substance or cinematic representation of all this; Powell and Pressburger would be outstanding directors to take on such a task like this - they are without equal among British directors like bold visual storytellers, great steering characters and dealers in the first course of the dialogue <br /> <br /. > "Speech for Come", as it stands, is an intriguing oddity, to be viewed, but not with "Metropolis" ... "it's a lot like" stupid, "Wells said as Lang film, but neither what is surprising force it.
