This early sci-fi masterpiece Herbert George Wells with Arthur Bliss music is a powerful piece of cinema. Adapted from Wells few other works of the author, it is a vision of the future of mankind with the subject of war periods as compared to the period of "peace". The structure, after contrasting vapor normality and gathering clouds of war scenes, the script allows the war to happen. Two families in Cabells and Passworthys disagree about what might happen; Passworthy takes optimistic view of the "automatic" progress of civilization; Cabell is a thinker who doubts. Their city Everytown - obviously London-- becomes destroyed by war with tanks, beautiful Bliss military march, and the end of civilization. The second part is a person living in the ruins of what was in the city under the «Boss», playing a bravura Ralph Richardson, whose beautiful woman Margarette Scott as exciting a dreamer, he is a specific type of cover dictator. He is trying to restore old airplanes of the First World War, so he could attack the nearest hill tribe to complete their small kingdom; young scientist complains that having their work interrupted constantly in demand for airplanes - etc. .-- Ever; Wells is a comment on the war against progress. Survivors exposed to plague called "Wandering disease" too. Enter the modern aircraft, piloted by Cabell in the first part of the film, now part of the Wings Over the World, an international coalition of scientists, who plan to end the war for good. This flight modernist approaches have fascinating conversations with the boss and his woman, their future involvement evident; Then, the boss sends his plane against them, scientists have come up with a large number of aircraft and the fall of the "Gas of the world" on Everytown ruins. Only the boss dies, the fight too hard against the pacifying. The film then shows the ore is mined and slow steps, converted beamed magnificent new futuristic city tower. In the third section, while arguing with Cabell future Passworthy over morality of human science. Passworthy wonders if they have the right to send people to the moon; Cabell human right champions to progress and the need to expand their horizons. Son and daughter Passworthy Cabell, including astronauts sent. Theotocopulos, religiously minded Luddite, makes an impassioned speech on a giant screen in the forum of the city and is an attack on the "space gun", ie fire a new missile, free of Earth's gravity. The culmination of the story of the shooting space successfully guns; isolation and the end of the performance Cabell praising the dignity and Science, which is widely regarded as the most profound mental protection ever was. "This is the whole universe - or nothing» Cabell says Passworthy. "? What it should be," How Cabell, Raymond Massey gives perhaps his greatest screen performance; he was thoughtful, compassionate, and intelligent, a real scientist. As the instigator, who wants to end the age of science, Cedric Hardwicke is the perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman plays Passworthy makes perfect embodiment of votes Convention and fear. The storyline is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Given the near-extinction of humanity, the idea of ​​a civilization run by scientists Rebuilder are probable and worthy of confidence to the viewer. It is the triumph of director William Cameron Menzies for Bliss and for all stakeholders. Listen to the dialogue with a loved one; built within its boundaries, it is the drama of a thinking man discusses two possible options for the future of man - made or a reactive opposite.
