I was just a babe in arms when George Lucas has been wowing his world out of this world Saga chronicling the adventures of a young Luke Skywalker and the notorious Darth Vadar, but even today, 20 years on I can estimate the genius, Lucas and incredible imagination, he was blessed. In A New Hope Lucas showed a new way of telling stories, he introduced us to such memorable characters as bold Princess Leia, Han Solo in Rougish energetic and Luke Skywalker, and that the most beloved villains, sinister Darth Vadar. The Empire Strikes Back, he went all out to show us the special effects can be added to the tale and get something no one thought you could do on screen. He made the film without a specific start and end, and it went down a treat. Return of the Jedi is a worthy conclusion of the saga that will endure the test of time. <br /> <br /> If the Empire Srtikes ago ended with a pretty facings Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite be delivered to Jabba the Hutt and young Luke stepped away from the opening of the terrible truth about his Father, we are left with the feeling that things are going from bad to worse. Vadar this seemingly won the day. How could we have asked the rebels ever recover from this blow? In Lucas's stunning and exciting last part we kept on the edges of our seats on a daring rescue Han from the palace of Jabba the final climactic battle on the Death Star between Luke and Vadar, Luke struggles between fulfilling his duties as a Jedi and militants and trying to awaken the good he considered still in the shower. <br /> <br /> Father's old friends as smooth talk Lando Calrissian and Chewbacca are constantly appealing to reunite for one final battle to end all battles as a new dark dangerous enemies appear in the form of the Emperor (played by the brilliant Ian McDiarmiud.How he missed out on an Oscar is a mystery.) is desperately trying to turn Luke to the dark side, even if it means betraying his apprentice Darth Vadar.All in black with his red eyes, a ghostly white face disfigured and sinister laugh he really is a terrible addition to GIS thorium and is the undisputed Master of the events that unfold. Its new and improved Death Star spell disaster for the rebels, but the group is launching a brave one last desperate attack at the end of the reign of the Empire forever. <br /> <br /> Lucas managed to include three different stories at once and keep the action going, so that the audience riveted. We have seen in the excitement as Han and Leia attempt to bring down the shield around the Death Star from the forest moon of Endor with the help of some magic Ewoks (who I really do not believe it to take from the film at all. In fact, I feel that they provide the kind of respite from tension battles in Star Death) and prevents the legions of stormtroopers and imperial officers. We suffer Lando and other pilot, as they take on the powerful Imperial Navy and the risks of life and limb to fly in Deatn Star, to destroy it once and for all. And we watch with bated breath as Vadar and try to turn the Emperor Luke to the dark side, and he, in turn, is trying to turn his father's back. <br /> <br /> But for me the most difficult and yet compelling fights that takes place inside the Darth Vadar. For ROTJ a struggle of emotions and feelings. Vadar caught between his loyalty to the Empire and the Emporer and his parents' penchant for Luka. Never did I think that the mask can show emotion, but some, as one can not help but see the confusion and pain on Vadar face during the final scenes as Emporer includes Luke. There is more depth and emotion to Vadar, than I expected, the villain, especially another car, a person could and I think that's what makes it so affordable. He contradicted. Apprentice as well as a Master. The victim as much as the Villain. Without ruining the ending too much Vadar final scene is the most acute and well in the trilogy. <br /> <br /> So, in conclusion, I can say. George Lucas wizard saga. Star Wars is the most exciting and fascinating Sagami I've seen in a long time, and I still have to see the other Saga compete with it. Return of the Jedi has all the ingredients necessary for the completion of Lucas masterpiece deserves. This action, suspense, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy all rolled into one, and it's memorable characters, great special effects and catchy music make as a great movie in its own right, and an ending that Lucas can be proud of.
