Well, my name kind of lame, and almost sells the flowlines brevity. I remember watching Siskel & Ebert in '94 to talk about the movie, and then play a video or two. Without being conscious rap guy (though I could determine, Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer music), I was not very interested, when they began to talk about the film. But then, S & E showed the scene where explains the artist, how they chose their name (using the "shadow" of logic and heaps of "made" the facts), and then another scene, where bands and their rival group as visit the school for Assistance is involved (and, of course, NWH comes with some kind of "information" about how the leader of the rival group of loser, because he got good grades in school and was on the committee yearbook). So I gave it away, that I must see this film. <br /> <br /> A few years later, this thing is on HBO, and I wrote it down, only to laugh my example within a few hours. Yes, he has a «Spinal Tap» kind of rhythm to it ... even the documentary is essentially the same "tone" in the creation of clips and group stands the same way (what I now call "For Music" with ' reality - smalltime group has good chemistry, gets famous, too much money too quickly, feuds, drugs, certain types of death, the group breaks up, reconcile, ending with the hope of more albums in the future, and dimming), only that the truth the fact that in Spinal Tap, you catch the group, perhaps with a little more success in their past. But Tap pulls at some points, and n I think that comes down to the laughs that are configured for specific scenes. Oh, it's his talk about the backstage food, a place where he wants the power to go to the «ELEVEN», this is the place where the guy makes the pint-sized Stonehenge and etc ... <br /> <br /> Contrasting to FoaBH, which seems to be more "unexpected" sense of humor. you can see some of them come, but not a great setup for each joke. Sometimes jokes are just a kind of stream . Cundieff and other actors in the group was a real chemistry that worked. In addition, direct links to Vanilla Ice, Hammer, and a bunch of other rappers such as cartoons really worked well. It strikes me as a movie you watch once to get the main story and laughs, and then go back and look to catch the subtle jokes. And the song. Is "My Peanuts" is better than "Big Bottom" (by Spinal Tap)? I do not know - but they are both pretty darn funny. horrible video Tone DEF during its phase of "awakening" so strange, but funny. <br /> <br /> I could go on for some time, but to save time and do not spend it on CB4. I watched the first half hour, and it was boring. You do not get bored on FoaBH. There are some less amusing moments, but you can never tell if something good is about to happen. Perhaps my favorite scene when Frost and Tastey Taste (name stolen, if I have ever heard is) discover that they have shared a girl .... in one place, you have two weapons each showing on the other, and the next thing you know, a manager, a photographer, a girl, and I think even the tone of protection in the room, pointing guns at each other, switching back and forth goals. And, of course, someone does get a shot. <br /> <br /> I found it strange that the leaders NWH suffered similar fates in drummer Spinal Tap (although neither spontaneously do not burn, I do not think). There were enough similarities that I can not ignore the likelihood that Cundieff saw «Spinal Tap» to write this film, although it is obviously much more Spinal Tap hip-hop. While some similarities exist, the humor is different, and the film is more like a real documentary (perhaps because we do not recognize a single actor in this thing, even the guy who played "Lamar" with "Revenge of the Nerds") In general, this the film, in my opinion, "street cred." Kind of like NWH.
