This film in my opinion, is the weakest film in the original trilogy of Star Wars, for several reasons. However, it occurs at the end of the day the winner, despite all its shortcomings. It's still a very good film, even if a lot of it depends on the quality of the characters, which were built in exceeding 2 parts. <br /> <br /> One of the problems here is the appearance of the film, which ISN »t really compatible with other 2 films. I put a lot of that up to the departure of producer Harry Kurtz. The first two films have, that is dirty, lived-in look with all the technology and so on. In the "Jedi" on the other hand, even the rebels look like they just stepped out of the shower, and their shape is dry cleaning. This makes for a much less textured film. In addition, these creatures were overly The Muppet, as cutesy. At this point, it seems that the filmmakers were more concerned with creating templates for future action figures than with the quality of the film itself. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is the lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" created a whole new experience in the film and "Empire" led us to the alien world of swamps, ice and clouds, "Jedi" unconvincing recycling locations of the first film. Firstly, we were back on the desert planet Tatooine, and then we watch them face the death of another star (perhaps the emperor could not come up with anything new ... but you would think that Lucas Kasdan or could). In addition, we have the Ewoks, who are actually just disgusting made for Mattel teddy bears, in the revised version that was supposed to be a big, Wookiee battle at the end of "Star Wars" when they run out of cash. It just feels lazy construction. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of the "Jedi" to me is the weak handling character Han Solo. While it is central to the plot of the first 2 movies here he is fighting for time screen trading one liners from androids. Instead of the real drama, we're stuck with chrome pretext that Khan still convinced Leia, Luke loves - as if it never happened conclusion of the "empire", where she confessed her love for him. All this is very far-fetched and hardly hides the fact that the Solo character was not part of the central story of the film after his rescue. Ford, in turn, looks boring and lacks style, which featured his early performances. It's more like a performance of 1990 Ford, looking bored and "above" the film itself. Fischer, for his part noticeably high in some scenes. Lando, interesting character is represented in "Empire", is stuck as an imaginary person we care about in a giant space battle. Hamill just given an interesting development in the character of Luke, really be able to do something new or interesting with his character. He was probably the only actor in the film, which is still cared about his work. And, to be fair the script gives him much more to do than the other characters. In fact, this is his story, and the other characters are only there as part of the package. Ian McDiarmid does an excellent job, as well as the emperor. The film will sink if it was too far from the top (as it is sometimes in the new film). <br /> <br /> visually and in terms of performance effects, in addition to the "pure" view of all this it is hard not to believe. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most complex ever built. Cosmic battle to the end is very impressive. <br /> <br /> In the end, this film runs out success based on the achievements of their ancestors. But by itself, it is the satisfaction of the entertainment and IMHO is far superior to any of the following industries Lucas.
