Yuzno often discontent as a director for his bad Gore-festivals, but the truth is that his films are actually not bad at all. Re-Animator sequels are not as big as the original, but still standing, as continuations of terror worries. Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best of the series; and society is a world away from being a surrealist horror masterpiece. This thriller, of course, not a masterpiece; but it shows Yuzna eyes in horror for the great and the plot moves in such a way that it is always an exciting and attractive. I am very surprised that a horror film about dentistry Nia was not until 1996, as going to the dentist almost primal fear - it is an escape from the tiger to the modern world. Dentistry does not frighten me, but surprisingly; I would appear to be in the minority. The plot should perfectionist dentist Dr. Feinstone. He has a beautiful house, a successful career and a beautiful wife - pretty much everything, most people want. However, his life takes a turn for the worse when he discovers that his wife's affair with the pool cleaner. And his life is not the only one; because it is his patients who experience the brunt of his anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to scaring the audience, this movie really makes himself. However, credit must go to director to extract the full quota discourages the central theme. The fact that he is doing a good job is added to the fact that I did not scruple to go to the dentist - one particular scene really made me cover my eyes! Standard film leaves the mind plot canvas, only with the dentist you will always get the impression that there is more to the film than what we see. It's not very often that the blood film can make an impression at the level of substance - and while it will not win any awards, a parody of the highest class nicely tied to the story. Action, while the B-Class, is actually quite large; Bernsno from taking the lead and doing a good job to convince the audience that he really is a man on the edge. I have to thank the union for the Ken Fori casting in the film. Dawn of the dead star is not getting enough work and I really love to see him in movies. The rest of the cast is not massively impressed, but do their job quite well. In general, Dentist offers a refreshing change for the nineties slasher films. Gore scenes sure to please fans of horror, and I would not hesitate to recommend this movie.
