The dentist begins the morning Dr. Alan Feinstone (Bernsno) and his wife (Linda Hoffman) Brooke wedding anniversary. On the surface, Mr. and Mrs. Feinstone, seems to have a good life, a beautiful house in Los Angeles, and he has a successful career with the responsibility, but in the things very wrong. Alan discovers that Brooke has to deal with Matt (Michael Stadvec) swimming pool cleaner, to add to his humiliation Alan then discovers that Matt also sex with Paul Roberts (Lise Simms), one of his next door neighbor, and to top it all off he owes the IRS, who is breathing down his neck, shed a lot of money. Alan begins to lose his mind, he convinces himself that all will go off and rotten, just as his patient's teeth, and it is up to him to fix it. In the morning at work, he begins to take his frustration & anger at his patients before he injures boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin), it is sexual abuse is a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls) after he hallucinates that she is his wife & intentionally performs an unnecessary and painful procedure to another. Alan is also starting to take drugs, he loses and goes to death since his unfaithful wife and pool cleaner ... <br /> <br /> The director uzein Dentist I thought was a good movie and tried something a little different. Scenario Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch more with the psychological thriller than a slasher straight, which was a surprise for me, as I expected, that the latter, it would be easy to make a teen slasher like Friday the 13th (1980) with an increased number of body and wise cracking dentists villain, but that the dentist actually turned out to be very different. Dentist in mind the character study of a man descending into madness and it does an excellent job, though, say that I am not sure that it passes a reasonable basis for his subsequent murderous actions. It moves at a good pace, a good story, which I liked in constant contact Alana doing between the collapse he sees in his patients and decay, he sees in the world around him and is an interesting way to pass 90 odd minutes. It goes without saying that anyone with a phobia of the dentist should probably give it a miss, or you'll never go back! I liked the ending, too, where the tables turned, I'll say no more ... <br /> <br /> Director Yuzna does his usual fine job here, in fact I do not think I've seen Yuzna film, which I did not use some extent, it obviously and predictably takes the opportunity to play on our fear of the dentist with some good dental kit torture parts, including pulling the teeth of people with sexually molesting them by performing steps on drugs and tortured a man with a drill dreaded dentist. There are some other scenes Gore, as well as a dead dog, someone gorily cut knife and cut out tongues. Yuzna gives the film a certain style that is probably a low budget, he likes to tilt his camera, which makes for some good corners and I like the shot where the camera is located above someone stabbed and huge splashes of blood spatter on the floor in a good wide angle above the head. <br /> <br /> from a technical point of view, Dentist fine, decent cinematography, music and production values, although some special makeup effects look a little unconvincing. Acting fairly strong from all the participants with Corbina to put in a good performance abnormal. Always cool and genre favorite Ken Fori turns up like detective Gibbs is one of the best in Los Angeles. <br /> <br /> The dentist could not as I had expected, and the better for it if your a fan of horror and may want something a little bit different, it is well worth checking out. I liked it and I think it's definitely worth a look.
