Dentist is a really good thriller. And it's very disturbing. I think we can all agree that the chances of running into a psycho dentist much more than running into monsters, vampires or zombies. That's why this film is so scary. During the movie, you probably think of your own dentist several times. Regardless of the fact that he is able to do such a thing ... You better pray to his wife cheating on him. This is what the story is. Dear dentist in Los Angeles click when he finds out his wife is cheating on him with a pool-boy. (This should be the greatest profession in the world, by the way. Poolboys always has the advantage of the hosts when my husband in his work) Since then, our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, may be just the thing to take revenge. He can not concentrate on their patients more and more of them get hurt. Things are not better our dentist if he pursues annoying taxes controller curious policeman and his staff suspicious. At some point, Dr. Feinstone can not anymore. Now he not only after his wife, but after all, who comes close to him .. Dentist written and directed by the Union, and co-authored with Stuart Gordon. You can take that as a recommendation to him. These two people have already given us some great horror movies (and a personal favorite of mine) as Re-Animator, From Beyond and society. With a dentist, they will be able once again to bring the exciting and very scary thriller. This film was released in time, in fact. Decade has not brought us a lot of great horror films ever since. I'm not saying that this is a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Bernsno great as the dentist will receive hygiene. I remember him primarily as a comedy or a drama actor, but he can handle certain psychotic character. The rest of the cast does a good job too. The woman who plays Feinstone wife is very attractive. In addition, it was lovely to see Ken Fori acts again. Actor of my all time favorite movie Dawn of the Dead plays a cop in this film. Yuzna cast him in From Beyond as 15 years ago, and I thank him for it. I do not recommend this film to all (if you have a weak stomach, I suggest you skip it), but if you look, you will enjoy it very much. You will be disgusted ... but this is an additional reason, I think. It's been a while since I was really in shock, watching a movie. This is a big topic for treatment in the genre and Yuzna does it in a big way. It is a pity that this film was followed by an entirely unnecessary sequel. My humble opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
