I thought that ROTJ was clearly the best of the three Star Wars films. I find it strange that ROTJ considered the weakest contribution to the Trilogy of many who voted. I thought that was the best ROTJ, because it was the most profound story, the most suspense, surprises, the most emotional, (especially the ending) and by far the most episodic film. I personally like The Empire Strikes Back, too, are many, but I think it's a little bit worse than what ROTJ, as he was moving slowly, was not episodic, and I just felt so much suspense or emotion, as I I made a third film. <br /> <br /> In addition, it seems to me that after reading these strange comments that the reasons why people cited for ROTJ be humbly film with the other two are just ridiculous and insignificant factors compared with pure perfection of the film as a whole. I've heard a lot of strange reasons, such as: a) Because Yoda died b) Because Boba Fett died) As a small group of stormtroopers Ewoks won g) As Darth Vader showed <br /> <br /> I would like to debunk each of these reasons, because I think they are missing the point entirely. First, WHO cares when Boba Fett died ??? When George Lucas wanted him to die, he wanted to die. Do not get me wrong, I am a supporter of Boba Fett, but he made several appearances cameo, and it was not the intention of Lucas to make it the central character in the film that Star Wars fans have made it to be. His name is not even mentioned anywhere in the movie ... you had to go to the credits to find out the name of Boba Fett in !!! Judging ROTJ, because a minor character is dead too much, I think that ... Secondly, many fans do not like Yoda dies. Of course, it was a momentous period in the movies. I was not happy to see him die either, but it makes the film more realistic. All the good guys can not stay alive in a realistic film, you know. Otherwise, if all the good guys live and all the bad guys are dead, this movie would have been tantamount to a cheese Saturday morning cartoon. Another aspect of this point about people not liking the death of Yoda .. Well, no one complained when Darth Vader killed Obi-Wan Kenobi in A New Hope. (Many believe New Hope, to be the best of the trilogy) Why is death Obi Wan's right, but Yoda nya ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason why I just can not believe I even said it was because the people find cute Ewoks overcome stormtroopers to impossible. It's funny !! I can not believe that this is one !! Firstly, the Ewoks in their home planet Endor, so that they are aware of their own areas, as they live there. If you watch the movie closely, many Ewoks tactics used in the destruction of stormtroopers was excellent through the use of their home field advantage. (Since you've been living in the woods all my life, I hope you have learned to use it to their advantage) They swinging vines, ropes, logs, set up off of these walkers, and other traps. Stormtroopers were very unfavorable, because they were in the minority and are not aware of the benefits of forests. The only thing they had was their blasters. To add, it was not like Ewoks fighting stormtroopers themselves, they were greatly helped by rebel groups in this conquest. I thought that if the stormtroopers were defeated by a combination of Star Wars characters, rebel groups, as well as a huge Ewoks Clan with great familiarity of their native area, that would be great upset. And finally, if the scene was still incredible to you .. How about in The Empire Strikes Back or New Hope, where there were a few scenes of the group, which consists only of Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Princess, being fired ten stormtroopers and all their blasters missed while the heroes were in sight !! Not only that, the characters, of course, always a hit with his Stormtrooper blaster. Marines have to be very, very bad goals then! At least in The Empire Strikes Back, the Battle of Endor was much more plausible, because you had two armies pitted each other is not 3 characters against a legion of stormtroopers. You do not believe me? Check out the battle in the Cloud City, where our heroes escape Lando base. Or if our heroes rescued Princess Leia and shoot (somehow they missed), Han Solo and Luke tries to get the Death Star. <br /> <br /> The last reason that I care to discuss (the other is just too ridiculous for me to spend time here.) that people do not like Darth Vader is revealed! Well, in many ways it was an important part of the plot in the film. Luke tried to find, Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skywalker. It would be a disappointment when the film ended without Luke gets to see his father's face, because he made it complete. By revelation Annakin in transition symbolized Darth Vader suffered from obsessions of the dark side (in the helmet) and a good man he was Annakin Skywalker (removing the helmet). The fact that Annakin died again converted to the light side, and this is the meaning of Slam scene was about. In fact, this is what I would do in this scene as if I was the father of Luke ... This is not what would you do, if you want to see his son with his own eyes before he died, rather than mechanized helmet? <br /> <br /> On another note, I think the subconscious or conscious expectation among most people is that the sequel has to be worse (even if it is better) that the pre-film is another reason ROTJ that does not get as many positive reviews as it deserves. I never go into a movie with this trick in mind, I always try to go to a movie with the attitude that, "Well, it might be better or worse than the original .. But I can not know for sure .. Let's see. "So I'm going with an open mind and do not fool yourself into thinking that is clearly superior to the film is not as good as it was in reality. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure who criticize those movies, but I I asked many students and adults, which are their favorite Star wars film, and they all tell me that it ROTJ (for a single person who said that New hope was their favorite exceptions). I believe that the results of these polls terrible and very misleading. <br /> <br /> As a result, Return of the Jedi was the best of the trilogy. The film was only one of three who keeps Do me focused throughout its 135 minutes. There was not a moment of boredom, because every scene was a suspenseful, exciting, surprising, or all of the above. For example, emotional light saber battle between Luke and his father in ROTJ was better than the one in the Empire Strikes back at any day !!! <br /> <br /> in the end, I hope that people are going to see Phantom Menace with an open mind, because when fans start to look nitpicky, minor details ( or see it as "just another sequel") smash movie, such as "This movie stinks, because L UK is not in it! "It is commendable film will be another great movie that will be the subject of ridicule as the ROTJ suffered, unfortunately. <br /> <br />
