I remember this film, in particular, when I was a teenager, my best friend told me about this movie and it scared her as a child. Of course, being a bloodthirsty gal that I am, I had to go out and find this movie. Now I do not know how it would without the loss of confidence, so I just want to say I actually had fun watching this movie! I know it's silly, is not the best story and the bloody and terrible, but this is what I was looking for and Dentist supplies scares, blood, sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I just need a fun movie like this just let loose and get dirty from. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone obsessed with cleanliness and order. On the day of his wedding anniversary, he spies on his wife Brooke has sex with a person of their dirty pool, Matt. In our dental practice, the first patient of the day Feinstone young Jody Saunders, where his first dental appointment. Feinstone Jody begins to clean his teeth. Everything is going smoothly at first, until he imagines that the teeth Jodi brown and rotten. His choice of dental slides, stitching Jody in the gums. Jody's mother picks up her crying, bleeding child and leaves angrily. Feinstone see his second patient, beauty queens April Reign. Alone April Feinstone calms her with nitrous oxide, so that it can fill the cavity in one of her molars. As she drifts into a swoon, Feinstone is that it turns to his wife. He starts to kiss and caress her in the dental chair, then he starts to choke her. April starts coughing and half wakes from the gas. Feinstone snaps out of his trance and quickly recover on April blouse buttons. Feinstone decides to end the day early and sends it to the staff and the patients home. Later that night, Brooke meets the Feinstone in their practice. He opens his new Italian opera-themed patient number. He calls Brooke to try a dental chair in the room. If it does, Feinstone ties her to a chair and soothes it with nitrous oxide. With opera music blared in the background, he starts pulling teeth Brook. Feinstone left from the deep end, and certainly not going to let anyone stand in his way clean. <br /> <br /> To be honest, as silly as it sounds, this film, I have a lot of fun watching the dentist. The best scene is without a doubt, when he learns that the reverse IRS agent hygiene lesson, I am sure that he will never forget. Man, I do not think I brushed my teeth so much after I saw the dentist. Yes, I'm going to warn you that this film in no way for the faint of heart, this is a very bloody. There's a knife fight, arrows, and only the hard dental torture scene that will make your stomach turn. But for some reason I really enjoyed this film, if I ever want a good Gore film, which was made for true horror fans, I slip it into my a DVD-player, and a "tooth» LOL! I'm so funny! Um, yes, I'm trying to give me a little credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
