After seeing his wife (Linda Hoffman) in sexual activities with a pool boy, several unstable dentist Dr. Feinstone (Bernsno) completely snaps, which means deep concern for their patients. <br /> <br /> This is a beautiful and interesting floor initial horror film from the director of the Union was a welcome change of pace from the usual chatter of horror, which was adopted in the late nineties. Although ?? Dentist "is intended to be cheesy, funny movie, Yuzna ensures that the film delivers shocks and thrills that many more serious movies are trying to do. Despite suffering more due to lack of background on the central characters, and thus allowing the events that were to be built to pass within a few days, the film is intriguing, as a rule, a good script and a well-paced, allowing the viewer keep the interest of even more ridiculous moments. ?? Dentist "suffers over, dragging, but in contrast to the much inferior to 1998 follow-up, there are only sporadic uninteresting moments, and in general, the film is worth doing well. <br /> <br /> Burns was very convincing as sadistic and deranged perfectionist Dr. Alan Feinstone. Way Bernsno able convincingly to read their lines, especially with regard to the filth and immorality of sex (especially fellatio), that there is not enough amazing. While many actors may have trouble drawing cleanliness get crazy without it taking too cheese or funny Bernsno seems to really fit the personality of the character, which he is trying to portray, and thus, makes the film all the more enjoyable. If ?? Dentist "was not meant to be funny, almost comic, horror, Bernsny performance would probably have been much more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast (including pre-fame Mark Ruffalo) failed to put in very good performances, and although the film was not really damaged it more strong performances could add more confidence to click. <br /> <br /> ?? Dentist "is not a horror film, which is intended to be taken seriously, but it is definitely nice, especially (I think) for lovers of cheese horror. Those who became annoyed at the amount ?? Scream "(1996), clones with the end of the nineties may very well find it a refreshing change, as I do. Rarely boring and generally well developed scenario, as well as some experimental direction helps to make ?? dentist "is one of the most pleasant cheesy horror from the 1990s. In addition, we presented some features Grizly and (in general) realistic scenes of torture teeth, which should keep most gorehounds happy. Far from perfect, but it is far from bad, but ?? Dentist "is a film that should be easy to see at least once. My rating for ?? dentist "?? 6.5 / tenth
