The main theme in this Dirty Harry, that revenge is a dish best served cold. Sandra Locke as cold in this film as she is beautiful. Locke is "8" is normal, but with a fatal gun in her purse, "cocked" bad guys, it rises all the way up the scale to "10". Having received the gang rape, along with her younger sister, a few years ago, Locke, like Jennifer Spencer, tried to block the attack from her life as best she can. Her sister, tho, almost in a coma as a result of the injury, so that the memory is never far from her mind. Once Jennifer sees one of his attackers on the street in S.F.; she buys a gun, follows him to the bar, allows him to pick her up, and then when they were alone in his Cadillac, begins to make love, she shoots him .... once in the genitals when in the brain - - it in the first scene !! I have to love this passionate lady. She got her priorities straight. In addition, Jennifer is a professional artist, not putting all his anger on the canvas until now. After performing his first criminal, Jennifer curiously watching Det. Breath. Harry Callahan handle fresh crimes after the body is in the Caddy. Then it offends some terrible teens Bucks, who pester women in the street, visiting his sister in a nursing home, and then goes a'hunting in Sao Paulo, CA "to coast", where the event took place a rape years ago. With a large number of bullets in her suitcase and more determined in her mind, our heroine once again facing rape inside of her head with a bright response, as it gets closer to the performance of each of the next rapist. Not uncommon for us right conservative when it comes to sentencing or execution of violent criminal, not to mourn for his helpless humanity, we remember the crime and the suffering he inflicted. Such events were recalled Jennifer to pull the trigger on each of their attackers - once in the genitals when in the brain. Throughout the film, revenge Jennifer scenes interspersed with a good, Or Dirty Harry to bear some gangsters in the cafe, remember, "Go ahead. The MAKE my day."? Later, he threatens to come to a punk kid (who has just insulted Callahan) to lift the courthouse as he stepped on the dog s ** t .... leaving the young employee of GO staring after by Clint, as if to say, "I I want to have your baby. "my favorite scene is only about 30 minutes into play when Harry threatens and scares off a murderous mafioso named Threlkis in fatal coronary during the wedding reception granddaughter at the Mark Hopkins. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in Godfather II) does an excellent job as sinful Mafia Don, even if it is only in one scene, dies in the most convincing manner. However, the trouble with Harry is not finished yet! Banda elevator punk and improvised Threlkis' every attempt to kill Harry in two closely-ordered scenes, and most of them are the bad guys eventually die horribly. So, some of the gun game off as uninspired violence on the screen .... looking like Clint director may be tired that day of filming this movie. But there's only so many ways you can send a person with bullets. Punk children die much more creative, though, as they are both burned and drowned in S.F. Bay. It warms my heart. With so many violent intentions aimed at Insp. Callahan, his superiors sent him to Sao Paulo, to try to get some background on the "22-caliber vasectomy murder" as a crime Jennifer Spencer is now known, but not before Harry delivers one of his most famous sermons-to-in- polivka- headed- liberals. Love, Harry. While our hero 'irritates up local police and citizens in São Paulo, two more murders occurred as a mail-order catalog, on a sloppy, lazy fisherman and equally terrible businessman equipment. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They find that they both agree on issues such as law and order, making Guilty Pay, etc. Maybe hot love scene be in the offing in the near future? We are led to believe just that. The characters have a lot in this Real-Man is found in women's real crime drama, and we get to meet a brass bull-dyke by the name of Ray Parkins, who are both annoying and entertaining. Raya install rape Jennifer for her "boyfriend" Many years ago, and she will get it in the end. Head of the São Paulo police plays a reliable Eastwood roles Hingle (hanging judge "Hans Em High»), oddly enough, is not at odds with the detective work of Callahan's associated with a 22 cal vasectomy, until we know that his son was a teenager was one of the gang rapists. Just like the sister Jennifer, son of the chief Janning is now in a coma for adults, but mad with guilt. It can not end here, though. Rapist boyfriend dam in Mick now curled sex offender spurt, with Vegas enters Raya becuz dropped a coin on Jennifer, calling him in São Paulo, in order to prevent more killings. Mick sleeps in the house Rego, but the time is not so, and he was arrested before he could spend more time with Raye, mainly due to the fact that it has since been sent to the island of Eternal Lesboes shot from a revolver Jennifer. Psycho Mike makes bail in the end, Jennifer gunning for him. Desperate chase begins when Harry tries to keep these two kill each other. All this turns out well in the end, a good girl and a good guy to walk into the sunset with the beautiful blues songs Roberta Flack.
