Despite the feelings of the majority of fans of "Star Wars", in my opinion, "Return of the Jedi" is the biggest cinematic movie ever made. Ever since the first time I saw him, it is the depth, intensity, special effects, and moving story to destroy me. The film was so well together that he was able to withstand the test of time over the last 20 years. Filled with powerful action, as the climax of the original trilogy by George Lucas gives us captured finishing "Star Wars" saga in the "Jedi". <br /> <br /> The film Summary (contains spoilers for those who have not Seen It) <br /> <br /> After the "Empire Strikes Back" left us hanging for 3 years, we finally , find the end of the story in "Return Of The Jedi". Darth Vader, in the emotional shocks makes a surprise visit to the new unfinished Death Star to oversee the construction. The Emperor first saw this movie, it has a final plan to destroy the Rebel Alliance and bring the young Luke Skywalker to the dark side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Feeling, and Droid all travel to Tatooine to rescue the frozen Han Solo from the crime of the Lord; Jabba the Hutt. After Khan was rescued, and defeat Jabba, Luke returns to Dagobah to find Yoda dies, where he learns the awful truth; Darth Vader was actually his father. Rebellious heroes regroup with the Rebel fleet. At present, joined by other species and races, including the Mona Callamard Rebels have to do everything or nothing plan of attack to destroy the Death Star before it is completed. While Lando led the attack space in the Millennium Falcon, Rebel heroes have to turn off the generator board the Death Star on the forest moon of Endor. It is here that the rebels happen on a fluffy, but powerful Ewoks. In the third fight to be held during the two parts of intense combat, when Luke willingly submits himself Vader in an attempt to persuade him to leave the dark side. The emotionally charged sequences Luke must face his father as Emperor luring their dark emotions. As a young Skywalker is about to face his death at the hands of Palpatine, Vader turns on his wicked master to save his son's life. <br /> <br /> Filled with deep timeless story of good versus evil, "Return of the Jedi" dramatic, emotionally charged film that atones for good in all of us.
