If this film was originally released, he was promoted to a particularly sad subtitle "Dirty Harry at it again." Regardless of this step is not lacking in originality it more than compensated for the full and complete accuracy. "Sudden Impact" retains all the aspects that made the previous three films Dirty Harry so successful- rigid stimulation, compelling story and strong supporting characters, infinite Gunplay and bone dry humor. Some of these elements are not only preserved, but it is easy amplified- dark, bloody, and most openly right-wing parties franchise <br /> <br /> The plot is somewhat intriguing: after the murder. Funny number of hooligans, Inspector Callahan sent to a forced "vacation" from his superiors in the sleepy coastal town of Sao Paulo. He instructed to investigate the background of the recent murder of the victim, who was shot in the genitals before to extinguish it (no doubt) suffering significant others shot in the head. Earlier in the film, viewers are made aware of the identity of killer- artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), which is hunting down the bandits who raped her and her sister in a fun fair about ten years ago. This case is shown in a very disturbing memories, fragments of which were repeated before each new murder. The more bodies begin to appear with the same M.O, it becomes clear to Harry that as the local police chief and his new love interest (guess who?) Know more than they say. To make even more complicated, one-time rapists understand who hunt them and begin to strike back hard. <br /> <br /> «Sudden Impact" offers continuous operation from start to finish. Clint Eastwood directed the film himself and expertly handles a number of set pieces that culminate in a thrilling climax. Sondra Locke performance effectively transports the mixture of ruthlessness and fragility that define its character. That having been said, it is fair to wonder if the second actress (who was not Eastwood's offscreen companion at the time) would bring more charisma and dramatic weight in the role Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd to jump to mind as possible candidates. supporting cast members, which is much punch above their weight include Elbert Popuell as a partner Harry Horace, Paul Drake, Meek as psychopathic, and do scene-stealing Audrie J. Neenan, which draws a vicious Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However, the film has some notable problems- some of the plot (the enmity between Harry and the gang Twentysomething hooligans mob vendetta against him) take up too much screen time, and really do not have any bearing to more stories . Their only real benefit to raise the body count to the point of absurdity. In the first half of the film sometimes it seems that Dirty Harry shoots the man more often than he has to use the restroom. However, the film moves into top gear as it progresses and triangulated game of cat-and-mouse between Callahan, Spencer and her former executioners assumed to be known. This is the second hour, it is clear that a more stripped-down and gently refocus scenario would give "Sudden Impact" potential to become a first-class style neo-noir thriller, which could take the series to a new level, but still provides more than enough 0.44 Magnum heroics to meet Harry's loyalists. Instead, we get a film that Eastwood and Warner Bros. clearly wanted to make- but superbly executed prototypes eighties action flick that basically refuses to challenge especially the intelligence he intended audiences. <br /> <br /> This was by far the biggest grossing series in hand, and it's not hard to see why. Although this is not a movie, it might be, it is still a big, warlike fun. Even after repeated views, it's going to make your day.
