In Don Siegel's 1971 masterpiece "Dirty Harry," Clint Eastwood embody super-hard, super-cool unorthodox, no-nonsense cop movie of the same name with his role Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan. Two sequels followed, the first of which, «Magnum Force», tamed down on Fantastic politically incorrect for the first, which was angered by many critics, but with enthusiastic spectators. The second sequel, "the Enforcer" the grittier again, and was promoted as "the Dirty Harry of them all." This name, however, actually refers to the fourth film in the series, its own "Sudden Impact" Clint Eastwood, who undoubtedly, grittiest, reverse, the most cruel and quite dirty from all the movies of Harry, and, in my humble opinion, the other -Better after the original masterpiece. <br /> <br /> *** Warning Spoilers ahead! *** In a small town near San Francisco, mysterious sexy dame (Sondra Locke) luring people alone with her. What these people do not know that the mysterious beauty of their former rape victim, the desire for bloody revenge. As fate wants tough cop from San Francisco, Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, who was suspended again for angering bosses, spend their free time in such a small town ... "Sudden Impact" dirtiest Callahan film in several respects, Film very gritty and graphic violence. Harry Callahan himself dirtier than ever. Do not be afraid to use his 44 Magnum to stop trouble, Harry treats "punks" they should be handled, and even allow people to get away with multiple murder, because murder-revenge is justified in his opinion. Clint Eastwood, as always, brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood coolness personified and pouring assery as "a man without a name" in Sergio Leone's Dollar Trilogy, and he again entered the film Dirty Harry. "Sudden Impact" gives us a dirty Harry, we've never seen. real life girlfriend Eastwood Sondra Locke is very well suited to the role of a vengeful beauty. Large Hingley, who has worked with Eastwood Ted Post sober western "Hang« Em High »in 1986, plays the head of a small town police force. The film also includes a wide range of really disgusting scumbag characters, including helpless offender plays Kevin Major Howard (best known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's «Full Metal Jacket"), and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan ), is without doubt one of the most heinous and dastardly female characters ever in a movie. Elbert Popuell who played a bank robber in the famous «Do You Feel Lucky?" Scene in "Dirty Harry" and the black militant leader in «The Enforcer» is also a part of this once again, this time as a colleague and friend Harry . In general, "Sudden Impact" is the grittiest, dirty, and probably the most brutal of all the films "Dirty Harry" (although «The Dead Pool» is not entirely manual either), and has the second favorite after a brilliant one thousand nine hundred seventy-one original. It is absolutely necessary to inspect for fans of Callahan, and is highly recommended to all fans of police thrillers and cinematic pouring assery. My Rating: 8.5 / 10
