Clint Eastwood will be shot again, like a battle-weary detective Harry Callahan, but also to direct the fourth entry in the series in "Dirty Harry." "Sudden Impact" again, as well as other additions, brings its own featuring the style and tone, but if anything, it's probably the most similar to the original in his dark and shabby moments (and gave the classic line, "go ahead. Make my day ") ?? but some of his humor to be seen to be believed. Bulldog ?? It named Meathead, that pisses and farts. Oh yeah. However, an interesting fact that there was only one entry in the series to not have to install entirely in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story follows that of detective Callahan tries to put the pieces together in a murder where the victim was killed in the groin, and then between the eyes. Once in some kind of trouble with the boss office and sensation that has some crime lord thugs after his blood. He ordered to take a vacation, but he falls into a working one, where it is sent to the coastal city of São Paulo, where the murder took place in a similar vein (groin and bullet between the eyes) to his case. There he begins to dig up dirt, which leads to the idea of ​​someone who is looking for revenge. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I'm not all that crash hot take Eastwood, but after many re-reads almost grew on me to the point, perhaps, be on a par with the first sequel «Magnum Force». It is good to collect parcel Eastwood actually gives another angle to work on (even if it feels more sophisticated take on the function of vigilance that are running rampant at the time), with literally something punishing but luridly damages. This, he experimented with a noir thriller with touches of character-driven features to help the development of emotional boiling and eventually the scope of morality. His use of strong images, because of its Sliknuli foreboding atmosphere. Dark colors, thoughtful lighting ?? like a scene near the end seems certain Western figures silhouette disassembly (Harry with his new gun AutoMag 0.44) is moving its way to the stunned prey on the fishing docks. It is an amazing spectacle that creates fear! Mixing hauntingly cool with the usual brutality and Tire humor. It seemed to come off. The main advantage of these films is the dialogue, while I would not call "Sudden Impact" first rate, it provides ample nibbling exchanges and unforgettable flattering lines ?? "You're a legend in your own mind." Do not just love to hear Harry sparks funny sharpness before removing the part. hammer, when it happens, exciting and intense shaking of ?? the only way, and Shagan flies with little in the way of flat passes. Schfrin Rubin returns as the composer (after «The Enforcer» Jerry Fielding was killed) bringing methodological yeah scared strike that was still breathing these dark hints of texturally fresh account which clicked from the beginning. Bruce Surtees (Eastwood regularly) gets a job behind the camera (where he did the work pieces with the "Dirty Harry") and gives the film a variety of opportunities on the surprising framing savers in some flawless tracking scenes, but also a tool of sharp corners in these dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> Eastwood as a dinosaur Callahan still packs a punch, going beyond just a steely glare, to get a job and, perhaps showing three more heart than you would expect from a young Callahan. it is a sudden change in the area of ​​all searches for Justice Harry ?? badge, even if he does not always agree with that. I just found it strange ?? a real change of heart. Across the street from his enormous productivity of his cavalier during Sondra Locke. Its turnover traumatic flour (being stupidly raped together with her younger sister), hidden in the glass a quiet intensity. If the anger is released, it is tactically accurate in its results. Sex grappel quite alarming and dirty as one of the target and thugs Audrey J Nina nail down repellently vile and big mouth work. These people are a bunch of really ugly juices. Hingle strong chief of a small coastal town. The smaller pieces are nice and strong Dillman Elbert Popuell (regularly in the series 1-4, but under different symbols). How can you forget it in the "Dirty Harry" ?? yes he a robber, it is at the end of a trademark quote "I feel happy to do? Well, I, punk? "
