This is the last entry in the STAR WARS by George Lucas movies are often regarded as the weakest of the lot. However, this does not mean that it is completely useless element in the series. On the contrary. Of course, it's not as groundbreaking as its predecessors, and a little slower happens from time to time, but the Jedi Returns continues to offer much to justify the price of admission. <br /> <br /> In the first third of the film, where Luke and his friends rescue Han from Jabba the Hutt palace, is a classic. Jabba, really disgusting lump of swollen flesh, who speaks their own language, not only makes a great villain, but also unforgettable. He was a nightmare to build this giant puppet, much less give a spark of life that we see on the finished product. Actually, what makes this sequence satisfy a clever use of puppets for various members of the court Jabba, including frightening nonsense anger and terrible Sarlaac him a monster. He masterfully builds its culmination and pulls punches all the time. <br /> <br /> Things get a little more slowly, around the second act, where Luke discovers that he and Leia related by blood, and when we go to the forest planet of Endor, the house still encouraging strong Ewoks. Most of the complaints about the Return of the Jedi, I've read seems to focus on these furry creatures, they somehow disrupt tons saga. I do not quite agree with this, although at this point, probably played a little longer than necessary. However, their leader, Wicket (played Warrick Davis) perfectly unforgettable creation, and see how they work the technology of imperial troops from their simple, natural weapons provides a good contrast. <br /> <br /> By the time we reach the third act, though the pace picks up again, we alternate between EWOKS battle against the troops, Lando and forces launch attacks against rebels of the new half-completed Death Star Empire and the final confrontation Luke Darth Vader and the emperor. The last communication with the sequence of Jabba's palace as a highlight of the film. Mark Hamill again flexes his acting chops as Luke Skywalker in these scenes, and watch him as a completely managed Jedi Knight makes for an unforgettable performance. In addition, as a landmark, as the voice of James Earl Jones as Darth Vader, he competed only wrinkled, such as the crown of the Emperor, played with extremely annoying, frightening evil Ian McDiarmid. The tension between this trio enhances the excitement of the climax that is properly lit mysteriously and threateningly said. <br /> <br /> Star Wars films have always set the standard for special effects, as well as the technical work in Return of the JEDI can easily hold a candle to their predecessors. Battle space battles are exciting, as always, and the speeder bike chase through the forest knockout. Of course, given that the film was made after New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back, this probably should not be so surprising that special effects have reached an even higher level of skill. Action is a classic STAR WARS tariff; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher all mature and go into their roles, and Anthony Daniels provides more funny moments, like C-3PO. Frank Oz Yoda is only in two scenes, but he makes the most of it. And yes, there is a John Williams music. <br /> <br /> All of this, while the Return of the Jedi stumbles a bit in the middle, the first and third acts provide a style that makes it a very satisfactory ending one of the greatest sagas in history. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas classic Star Wars reissued digitally restored (and upgraded) "Special Editions" that featured added effects and / or frames as well as some improvements. Return of the Jedi of the three seems to have caused the biggest stir with the Star Wars fans. Perhaps this may be due to irritating off-site (though it funny when you are not so easily offended) «Jedi Rocks» music room at the palace of Jabba, which, although technically strange, does disrupt the flow of the movie. Nevertheless, I, like ending montage scenes where we see the victory celebrations, which take place on different planets of the galaxy. This DVD version has even more fine-tuning - we will see more Montage Finale scene (in particular, on Naboo, where we hear what sounds like Jerash Binks shouting "free weights!") And that is probably the most controversial Hayden Christensen as ghost Anakina Skywalker in the final stages. Probably due to the intense (and unfair) fans have neglected it somewhat precarious work in episodes II: Attack of the Clones, it seems inevitable that the supporters would have put it down to this edition alone. However, when you look at STAR WARS saga in chronological order (and contemplating about it), the more likely you can react a little differently. However, an issue that raised the fans, so it's probably better to be prevented in advance. <br /> <br /> As nice as it would be to Lucas released the original version of the three classic films, it is nevertheless necessary that he talked about these reconstructions as "final" edition of his classic trilogy, and when viewing Star Wars movies in general as one of the sagas are full (as it was supposed Lucas), it actually makes sense to keep them technically and consecutive. Original films will always be engraved in our memory, but these new incarnation as much fun when one can give them a chance.
