"Sudden Impact" director / star Clint Eastwood is an intriguing addition to the series of "Dirty Harry" - a combination of film and raw genius. It is mediocre and stupid in part, a brilliant and classic in the other, with a convincing, exciting stimulation. There are numerous echoes of the first film here - shoot «Em Up" Make my day "scene reminiscent of" Do you feel lucky "one, one of the villains as the insides disgusting as Scorpio the first film, the actor who played a minor villain in the first returned here as a partner Harry - just to name a few <br /> <br /> Harry Callahan is still at odds with the higher-level in the department, still means, is still difficult, but now it is. older and tired. His constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his inner conflict - is respect and respect for the law against the desire to serve the pure spirit of fairness, these two things are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the main theme of this series. The first film asked a simple question: "What about the rights of victims" - (they outweigh the offender contrary Depends ??). The answer of this film was controversial, sparking a continuation (very pleasant «Magnum Force»), which is set to draw a line between brand equity and Harry pure, heartless vizhilantizmom. Dirty Harry, as well as many other roles Clint, is the embodiment of revenge, helpless defender. This film, however, return it to the victim, in this case, Jennifer (portrayed Sondra Locke), who decides to take revenge for the rape itself, and it is now incapacitated sister mercilessly hunting down and perform the ritual of men (and one woman) who. committed a crime, <br /> <br /> Without going into the play-by-play the whole movie, I will say this - I said earlier, that "Sudden Impact" repeats the first film - it's actually also sprinkles in a few links and jokes on a variety of (confusion about the name of the captain's example - a deliberate prank, I believe). Relations between Callaghan and Jennifer neat - we have a rogue cop hero found a soul mate in this lady's a vigilante? And she's a vigilante or a victim is justified to stand up for her rights and tarnished her sister? The exchange between the two at the end of the film is a poetic denouement of the series, one of which I personally (as an amateur) found quite touching. This last scene alone makes Ambush legitimate culmination to the collection of "Dirty Harry", the perfect response to the conflict, as set out in the first film. (Do not hit "Dead Pool» - this is an excellent film was relatively light-hearted, hard waiting for another comic thriller involving Harry Callahan, not the nature of the defining film like this) <br /> <br /> This movie made. and in theaters - the audience in the Reagan Era found Harry and it is very attractive, and the president himself is often quoted, "Go ahead, make my day."
