It's an amazing thing to see the film, where some of the scenes are working quite weak (if only in comparison with other films of his legacy), and others in the "sub-plot" or supporting stories surprisingly provocative and strong. Sudden Impact is one of those cases where Clint Eastwood as a star / producer / director reveals that he can be at his best, or his landlord times when dealing with crime / mystery / detective in his Dirty Harry glory. We see that the "make my day" line and remove as in the first film, where his "I feel lucky" it was playful and cool for the first time and the second time at the end of the hard as nails, this is a dial-around . he said he had to get to another Gil with the department, as usual, when he tries to fight crime, "it" means, in particular, with the diner robbery (the inspiration for fiction?) and a high speed chase with a senior citizen bus. to " take a vacation, "and is the last thing on his mind. All this is the main story e very convincing on the sidelines of the duration of the history and lines that just added to the frustration. But soon his story merges with the sub-plot, which develops Eastwood from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Enter the character Sandra Locke, Jennifer Spencer, which we will soon find out after some (respectively) of the mysterious scenes that she and her shy sister were victims of cruel, unjust sexual violence (er, direct rape), and smooth, under cover as getting revenge . Her scene and history are the strongest part of the film, the most intense, and finally, when he goes into the story line Kallehea (he gets the facts in the same small town it is to murder), the film finally finds focus between the classical form of Eastwood clearly defined good vs. evil (although sometimes vague, to be sure). Eastwood movie flashbacks, not to say too much about them, professionally, in a fresh, experimental style; trademark lalola Schifrin score atmospheric fully in these scenes and others. It seems that a couple of times arthouse sensibility crept in densely simple narrative style Eastwood, which helps make the film watchable. <br /> <br /> This is a shame, however, that in the end it is more for the alleged (or maybe not predictable) points, and the third act Callahan Nia does not have much to do but it is usually "it's a blacksmith Wesson ... ... and I "shtick. However, with the Lok it gets its very good performance (more subtle and touching than the threshold) and the exciting culmination of an amusement park. In a sense, I do not agree with the comment Ebert, it's like "music videos" in Eastwood's style here. I admit there is a comparison with the simplicity and sincerity, but the scene where Eastwood takes a break form is superior to any music video. It's cheesy, it is uncompromising, not up to par from the first two "Harry" pictures, but hey, it could be worse ways to spend a couple of hours with the master .44.
