After "Star Wars: A New Hope" redefined science fiction, and "The Empire Strikes Back" overridden "Star Wars", it is difficult to believe that the third and final film of the trilogy manages to be as good as the other two, but it really does a good job. The first part of the film decides climbers left the previous one, with a complex plan of escape, which, in accordance with an incredible suspense and action of the first two films. The film is then returned to the rebel Union and what is happening in the war. There is a lot of action scenes, which build up to the final confrontation with Emperor rebellion. When the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of their seats from everything leading up to it, and this is the last battle is more intense than that of the other films. It is the culmination, of course, is more dense with action than any other part of the trilogy, with most under threat of rebellion. It is constantly changing between a ground battle between the rebel strike by the crew on the ground (including Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Leia), the battle rages on in the space (including Lando), and the confrontation between Luke and the Emperor on the new Death Star, which leads to another duel with Darth Vader. It's really hard, because the rebels constantly, it seems, are losing the battle that will determine the outcome of the war, and it seems there is no escape. Although I think that the idea of ​​Ewoks to overcome the attack a bit far-fetched, it does not seem unrealistic, since they are more distractions that the rebels could use instead of a real threat to attack aircraft, although they have some success against them. There is also a turn or two in the end that no one saw coming, which may not be as overwhelming as the "Empire Strikes Back", but still very exciting to complete a trilogy very well. "The Empire Strikes Back New Hope" and the more sinnister tone "," this film really completes them by combining the two in this grand finale. Special edition for "Return of the Jedi" is focused on the fact that it would be good with light tone, to change, since it is not so much the original really need it. fifteen years of technological development does not seem to account for a period of fifteen years of deterioration, how angry scene is concerned, and still occasionally disappearing TIE-fighter, but in addition, it is it was good. The disclosed neugro ayuschim Sarlaac mouth was given to move tentacles and a huge head of a fly-trap, looking, emerged, which certainly adds to the uncertainty. In addition, the disco was taken from the palace of Jabba, and a lame ending of the original has been replaced by a huge victory celebration, covering the whole galaxy, and not just a little Ewok village, which was the case of the original and that did not really finish the story, this is a great way it deserves. It is difficult to say which of the three films was the best, but since it's all part of the same story all over the trilogy as one large, prominent film. THIRD must-see for movie lovers.
