Vigilance has long held a fascination for the audience, because it causes a feeling of a quick, self-justice; good triumphs over evil and the bad guy gets his due. It is, in fact, one of the things that made the character of Dirty Harry Callahan (Clint Eastwood plays like) so popular. He carries a sign and operates within the law, but in his heart he vigilante, taking him by the justice `, which often puts him in conflict with his superiors, as well as the criminals he pursued. But this is what attracts the audience; anyone who has ever got stuck in the bureaucratic stupidity of some sort, fascinated that someone cut through the red tape and get out of it--, even if it is only on the screen. And it is the pleasure derived from seeing justice done-- and quickly-- is one element that makes the `Sudden Impact," directed by and starring role Eastwood, so successful. In this, the fourth in a series of working on the murder, Harry meets a bona fide avenger in work-- person whose brand equity parallels their own, with one exception: Who, exactly, he does not carry a sign. <br /> <br /> in his own inimitable way, Inspector Callahan was back on the bad side of the department and ordered to take some time to rest. Thus, he does; as only `Dirty Harry of the bank." In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry finds himself smack dab in the middle of a murder case, which he quickly binds with the recent murder in San Francisco because of the unique custom direct mail busy performer. Inexplicably, Harry met with resistance from the local police chief, Jannings (Hingley), who advises him to take his big cities tactics and methods elsewhere. Not one to be deducted, however, Harry continues his investigation, which ultimately includes a beautiful and talented young artist, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry discovers a link between the victims; topical issue, though, where does Jennifer Spencer fit into the picture? <br /> <br /> Eastwood in top form here, both in front and behind the camera, and it is probably the second best of five series -film, just behind the original 'Dirty Harry ". Seven years have passed since the "placement (` enforcer, "poslednego` Harry, 1976), but Eastwood steps back as a sign of the object and the new force. And this one will definitely benefit from having him in the director's chair, as he is able to regain the essence, not only of his own character, but `spirit 'that made these films so successful, and he does so knowing the territory and the establishment of continuity that all but erases that seven years, the gap between the #s 3 and 4. As with all the films he directs, focused Eastwood sets a pace that works great for this material and creates enough tension to keep it interesting and with the participation of start to finish. <br /> <br /> The script, Joseph Stinson, well written and formulated in this kind of style 'Dirty Harry'; instant dialogue itself (Conception Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) story is the most attractive with the original 'Dirty Harry', as he successfully tries to play a very personal aspects of the drama, and not entirely in action. The characters are well drawn and convincingly, and, of course, is a film that gave us one of the best-phrases catches Harry: `Go, ahead-- make my day ..." <br /> <br /> As Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements that make this character so popular: he lives on a personal moral code, a true man of the sort of thing we imagine as to the pioneers who settled in this country and made America what it is today, Harry embodies. this feeling of freedom and justice and we all want to keep so expensive, perhaps more than ever p it. No matter who we are or where we come from, there is definitely a part of us that wants to be Harry's, or at least around him. `Dirty Harry" is an icon of cinema, and it is impossible to imagine anyone but Eastwood drawing it, for better or worse, Eastwood 'Dirty Harry is, no doubt, just as Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke completely. effective here in the role of Jennifer Spencer, a young woman hurt and revenge, or, as she sees it, `justice. She manages to prove the uncompromising determination seasoned vulnerability to her character, with a compelling, introspective approach, which is far beyond what is typical of the `action 'genre. Even against the backdrop of violence, Locke continues his attention on Jennifer and traumatic events that led her to this stage of his life. . Her image makes the perfect addition to Harry Eastwood, and becomes, in philosophy and reality, his colleagues <br /> <br /> In supporting roles, two performances stand out: Paul grappel as Mick, create a better `crazy 'because dynamic image Andy Robinson serial killer in Dirty Harry originalnoy`. With really very limited screen time, Drake sets a really disconcerting presence, which is believable and convincing, that adds a lot of intuitively audience reaction. This is a guy you can not wait to see Harry take care after all. taks ma is effective Audrie J. Neenan, which makes her character, Ray Parkins, an embodiment of the proverbial 'low life' which can be found in any bar in any city. This is a job that causes intestinal response at the level of, and it significantly increases the confidence the film, in that it helps to ensure that the necessary sense of realism. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Albert Popuell (Horace) Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Ms. Krueger). With the perfect combination of drama and action, 'Sudden Impact' distributes justice, which is a complete respite from reality; perfect justice is not so imperfect world, which makes for a satisfying cinematic experience. 9/10.
