Who says zombies can not be converted into a useful member of the community? Of course, not the creators of «Fido», which will take us to the never never land version of the 1950s, when the undead have been converted to the butler and servants for the growing middle class. Tiaya Robinson all-American boy who becomes emotionally attached to a new full-time domestic violence - recently voskresnuvshemu zombies, which Timy lovingly christened FIDO. All this became possible thanks to Zomcom, big brother type of organization, found a way to make a zombie (who were originally attracted to the "life" of space radiation) manageable and docile - at least most of. time <br /> <br /> this twisted, modern spin on the television series "Lassie" - it can easily be entitled 'boy and his zombie "- takes slyly satirical swipes at such preliminary 60 issues and obsessive social compliance (here keep up-to-Jones is to have more zombies servants than people in the neighborhood), the sterility of suburban life, corporate control of civil cases, the small towns of corruption and values ​​of the nuclear family - all played in a beautifully decorated setting colorful houses and perfectly manicured lawns. The film does not hit the audience over the head with its message and not to engage in endless hyperbole to generate laughter. Instead, it is low-key, subtle bit of satire that is appreciative chuckles, rather than a full belly laughter. Much of the humor comes from the mismatch between placidness the installation and cavalier attitude toward death, demonstrated the fine community of citizens (Life magazine has been replaced by periodical entitled Death Journal). Despite some playful scenes of violence, the film remains true to the spirit of innocence we usually associate with itself in the 1950s and cheesy, low-budget horror films that were so much a part of the pop culture scene this decade. <, Br /> <br /> KH Ray, Carrie-Anne Moss and Dylan Baker polite and engaging, as the wide-eyed Those and Cleaver-of Esquire parents (with a slightly sinister undertone), while Billy Connolly does the nearly impossible task resulting in a large number of humanity and depth of the role of the resurrected corpse. <br /> <br /> This is what "fate" may have been the best friend was Those afflicted with rabies.
