In the immortal «Shaun of the Dead", we meet in London, where loungers and haughty, so are forced to fight greedy, revived version of the corpse of his friends and family. At the end of the film, it is assumed that the zombies cleared and used as cheap labor. "Fido" is the epilogue of us "by Shaun" is set in 1950 America, witty and funny original "what if ...?". The film <br /> <br /> The film is set post-zombie apocalypse, to change; after the horrors of zombie war ended with the creation of the company and its patented ZomCon zombies collars that make the bodies as docile as lambs. Every city in the world separated from the wild area, once a fertile landscape torn survived a zombie and left-overs from the apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is your typical, clean 50-ies of the suburb, with one small difference; social status is measured by the amount of family domesticated zombies. Unfortunately, the Robinson family is not a zombie Anyway, because of their patriarch, Bill, fear revive the dead. By Robinson and his mother Helen, both suffer from the pressures of suburban life, until the day when Ellen buys a zombie slave in a desperate attempt to impress the neighbors. <br /> <br /> Those zombie gets love, he saves him from a couple of tough bullies, and the two form a bond in order to compete with the classic "boy-and-his-dog" clichés ... boy and his zombies. Those calls his "pet» Fido, and soon it becomes a help for those and Elena to escape prison as Bill put their routine. But if the domestication collar Fido goes on the fritz, and it devoured the elderly Mrs. Henderson, the Robinsons should include their link with sudden wild zombie epidemic and still manages to keep his beloved Fido. <br /> <br /> film whose sharp wit and satirical gusset wear it as well as its all-star cast (including "matrix" 's Carrie-Anne Moss as Helen Robinson and Billy Connell like Fido) , "Fido" is a C-com for the ages. With some pretty twisted podagovorami - such as sweet and disturbing feeling that Helen and Fido are beginning to have for one another - and a sharp comment on the 50 suburbs and zombie genre, the film managed to bring the worst (and best) in their characters at the same time allowing you to take care of them. <br /> <br /> «Fido» this is definitely one of the best dark comedies I've ever seen, one of the best films I've seen in a long time, and better-com after the incredible «Shaun of the Dead" .
