Well, I do not know what to expect when I saw the cover to FIDO, to be honest, when I came across it in the video store, I was tempted to make this film, but nothing about it does not really captured my attention. But when I examined in Netflix, they advertise it like crazy if I liked it "stupid" horror, so I decided to just give it a chance. I'm so glad that I watch it, it was just a great movie, it was absolutely hilarious and so cute to watch. As I said, it's Pleasantville meets Night of the Living Dead, it's just a great idea, it will happen after the mega-zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, by Shaun of the Dead, they have fun, making zombies that are left in the "friendly" people. It passes very horror / comedy film, I think a lot of people just so blown away with Shaun of the Dead, that it is the trunk. But it's a great story, and the cast was perfect, and did so in only a very funny movie. <br /> <br /> In the 1950s, an alternative universe where radiation from space has turned the dead into zombies. This radiation is still tormented humanity, as well as all those who die after the initial contamination turn into the undead. In order to continue to live a normal life, community enclosed by a management corporation under the name Zomcon. Zomcon provides collars with accompanying remote control to control the zombies hunger for the flesh, to use them as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, housewife, Helen, buys a zombie, in spite of her husband Bill zombies phobia. Their son, Temi, friendly zombies, calling him «Fido». One day Fido collar malfunctions and it kills their neighbor, who turns into a zombie. Those "kills" in Zombified neighbor. If a couple of local hooligans accused absent neighbor, they capture and those FIDO. Helen comes and rescues Timea and Fido from bullies, and they try to forget all about it. After a few days, the body is a neighbor and the killing goes back to FIDO, which allocated Zomcon, where the public was told that he would be destroyed. Those learns through a friend that FIDO simply works in a factory in Zomcon. Timy sets out to save him with the help of his neighbor with a zombie girlfriend in the hope of getting back FIDO. <br /> <br /> I really recommend this movie if you get a chance to see it, it's so silly but very fun. Billy Connolly has done a great job and really brought FIDO, Sun pun, a lot of life in the nature. I think the scene that made me laugh the most when Temi to bury her grandmother that Fido attacked and killed, his last words to her were so funny, "you were not really good, but you liked the flowers, so ?? "He hides it in the garden. Not to mention the neighbor zombie girlfriend, sick, worry, wrong, but classic laughs. I still love how even so as to leave it to Beaver-Esquire type the world, there is still a lot of gore in the film. So if you have a chance to see Fido, take it, I promise you a good laugh. <br /> <br /> 9/10
