As soon as I heard about this movie I knew that I had to check it out. Well, I heard about it, I found the trailer. After that, when I knew I had to see. And I'm so glad I did. You want to see the classic television, mixed with zombies? No? Then get lost. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a film unlike anything I've ever seen. Well, actually, it kind of is. It's like an episode of Lassie movie and the zombie. Although the combination, he feels completely new and original. FIDO about a little boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido. Well, it's a new pet does not contain cackling ass or some potty trained puppy. This again is an animated dead guy ... zombies. A large cloud of radiation engulfed Earth, which led to all the dead rose and moved that the zombie war. Although through the genius of Reinhold Giger, a leading scientist ZomCon, he found that if you destroy the brain zombie die, thereby giving us the advantage and winning the Zombie War. Although due to the protracted radiation who dies becomes a zombie. What can be a problem, especially with the elderly. Although Zomcom steps again with a large number of breakthroughs, particularly with a collar domestication. Collar stops zombies need for human flesh and thus making it harmless as a pet. But not everything is perfect in this zombie utopia collars broken, old and die .... Well, I'll just let you watch this incredibly unique film. <br /> <br /> FIDO fantastic idea has borne fruit, with only the stars, and a large work FIDO rises above most in the genre of comedy / horror films. There are many fun and original situation, which actually made me entertained. Although after watching the movie, I personally think that the film would be better in black and white. In less than 90 minutes, the film is too long and goes from scene to scene at a good pace. This is likely to end up a cult-classic kind, since it is not really laugh comedy or a horror film. It Comedy / Family / zombie film dipped in the 1950s vibe. If you thought that's all I said here was interesting by all means check out this film with. But if you're still on the fence, swing your leg again and stay there. 8.5 cleaned 10
