A year or so ago, I was watching TV news when the story was broadcast on the zombie movie shoot in my area. Since then, I have paid particular attention to this film called «Fido», he completed production and started playing at festivals. Two weeks ago Fido started playing in my local theater. And just yesterday I read a newspaper article which said Fido does not attract the audience in this limited edition, except for our local theater. In fact, here it is outdrawing all other shows at the Paramount Theater, including the 300. Of course, this makes sense, as many locals want to see their city on the screen or sully himself roaming around in zombie makeup. And for the other locals who have not seen FIDO, but still considering it, I can say that there are many images on the screen, from the school to the city park in the restricted area that you will recognize. In fact, they do look beautiful Okanagan Valley. That's right the beautiful scenery in a zombie movie! However, by itself Fido is a very good movie. So, despite its shortcomings, it is better than most of the 20 other films that play in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Elk, where the collie was replaced by a member of the undead. This is a reasonable premise. And the film goes even further, taking advantage of 1950 to emphasize compliance and flattering cold war paranoia that led to McCarthyism. In addition, it is based on the fact that zombies can be tamed or trained to George Romero's Day of the Dead for the first time. <br /> <br /> KH Ray plays a small town boy who's mother (Carrie-Anne Moss) is committed to a zombie servant, so that it may be like all the other housewives on her block. However, his father (Dylan Baker) to the idea of ​​how he once had to kill their own "zombie" father. In the end, the family makes the acquisition of a zombie named «Fido» (played by Billy Connolly), and adjusting to life with the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired casting. He is able to convey the confusion Fido diary, desire, hatred and loyalty only through his eyes, the body lumbering and grunts. Connolly has shown that he can play understated character better than his provocative comedy of them. This is his best role as Mrs. Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido follows in the footsteps of other recent zomcoms, such as Shaun of the Dead and the zombie honeymoon. As someone who appreciates Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae movies longer than Eli Roth and those, Jigsaw, I prefer humor over baked in my horror. Nevertheless, I understand the criticism of those horror fans who feel they do not have enough "undead massacre" in FIDO. Nevertheless, I am sure that the audience of the patient will be rewarded films gentle humor. <br /> <br /> The film is really broken in the third act. It is as if the authors were so wrapped up in a pretty room domesticated the zombies in the 1950s, they have forgotten about the story arc. However, given my interest in horror comedy and my assessment of the neighborhood to view on the screen, I appreciate Fido 9 out of 10.
