Just saw the world Preem from Fido at the International Film Festival in Toronto and really enjoyed it. Here we have a welcome alteration of the genre is widely believed to have been the first time (of course, "fleshed out" is widely and successfully) George Romero. But it's a Canadian film by Canadian director, and it's a comedy! And, yes, I actually think it's better than "Shaun of the Dead." Thoroughly believable and, perhaps even more importantly, enjoyable performances Dylan Baker, Carrie-Anne Moss, and the young actor Kn Rey, which I suspect that we will see a lot more in future opportunities. However, I must admit that I enjoyed the most delicious twist, Tim Blake Nelson, as a neighbor Mr. Theopolis, in fact, plays a consonant animated version of Victor Van Dort Corpse Bride (or, for those who have seen the film, wouldn »so that to read even better here as Pride corpse?) and, of course, Scottish actor Billy Connolly in his less animated, but somehow very touching role as the title character. Just I think that he would not have got the part, if I were not to obligations Peter Stormare to Prison Break (as stated in the Q & A following the screening on Thursday night). I can not help but think that the writers have drawn a lot of inspiration from the Day Of The Dead Bub'.I in Zombie 'I'm not interested in constantly revealing detail of the plot for the comment and I will not start. Suffice it to say that Fido is not one of those dark, graphic, you can count on Romero gory zombie films. Rather, it is a movie that will have you laughing constantly, and although (and I have to think back carefully, to be sure) have a fair dose of bloodletting and violence, a nice sense of humor, just enhanced the surreal environment created by director Kari and his staff writers, passes a long way to make it seem like a feature that should be evaluated PG-thirteen I urge you to go see this little Canadian gem. I'm certainly going to buy DVD, just as it appears, I hope, for the next summer.
