I believe that the final curse visit the film festival in Toronto is your release date and time table to get messed up. Honestly, I'm just happy, Fido was picked up for distribution in the United States. In any case ... <br /> <br /> Ever seen Shaun of the Dead? All right. How about fate? The possibility to combine the two? Well, if you can be your name, Andrew Currie, Canadian Elmer first thematic zombie comedy zomedy or family history. (Seriously, this is what the press book in Toronto called it.) Although not as strong, dry, or the British, like Shaun of the Dead, Fido remains true to its roots: a devotion to the old 50's black and white television, including as the fate and so notorious science fiction cellulose which is injected during the period. <br /> <br /> FiDO talented headliners (Carrie-Anne Moss, Billy Connolly, Dylan Baker, and Tim Blake Nelson) stand as evidence of the brilliance script. The film explores all the consequences of its premise: the world in which zombies has been transformed into a slave because of a large number of them because of a strange accident. What would you use the new undead servant for? Butler? Handmade? Animal? Unspeakable acts? Fido solves all of these capabilities in a sweet and surprisingly classy way, with a big thanks to the work of Connell (as one of these zombies) and young actor TV Kn Rey, who seems at times to be the best young Elijah Wood than young Elijah sp. <br /> <br /> If you are expecting another Shaun of the dead, do not waste your time. There's not enough gore and almost pokes in the genre to suit you, and you'll leave the theater of bitter and depressed. But if you're willing to look at what is happening with the Shaun of the Dead, when he jumps over the lake, you are in for a treat. Think about FIDO, how sensitive, often confuses the younger brother of Shaun of the Dead rebel losers, and you begin to get the drift. If you like (or at least tolerate) the zombies, young children, and loads indestructible satire, Fido-x film for you. If it is not .... Well, you know the drill. Just Hit «Em square between the eyes.
