Long ago, in a galaxy far, far away ..... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original film "Star Wars" was released. He does not remember the first viewing of the film, but he also does not remember life before. He remembers the first "Star Wars" themed gift he has received ... shoebox full of figures from the original set. He was too young to fully appreciate how special that would be a gift. But years later, he would get that in this day goes down as one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of figures, ten of the twelve final he needed to complete his collection. It is now legendary in the family of the boy, the latter figure it is necessary, Anakin Skywalker, and ended production carried out in the stores, and how the boy went into a period of ten years (until he got to college) is trying to track one down and finally I bought it from someone in his dorm floor in a bag of beer nuggets (do not ask ... it's the University of Northern Illinois thing). <br /> <br /> I can not see "Star Wars", like in the movies. He is absolutely fine, fun and magic of my childhood. There's no dividing it into my view, from Christmas, birthdays, summer and winter growing. In the winter, my friends and I like to build snow forts and pretend that we were on Hoth (I was always Han Solo). Dad my friends built a tree house kick-ass, who served in the Ewok village. They also had a pine tree, the bottom of which industries have been high enough to create a sort of cave under it, and it made a great place to pretend that we were at Yoda. I calmly dumb when it comes to "Star Wars", and I think that people or just understand that or they do not. I do not get the appeal "Lord of the Rings" and "Star Trek", but I understand rabid bevy of fans who follow them, because I am an ardent fan of George Lucas films. <br /> <br /> I do not feel the need to defend their opinion of these films, as some of the greatest of all time. Every time I put them in a DVD-player, I feel like I'm eight years old again, when life was simple and the biggest problem I had was figuring out how I was going to find a figure of Anakin Skywalker. <, Br /> <br /> Grade (for the entire trilogy): A +
