If you like horror movies with lots of blood and gore, tons of jump scary moments and unrelenting, escalating painful death scene, then look elsewhere. If you like quiet, sad, thoughtful horror that sheds blood in the side in favor of the true feelings of fear, Wendy's for you. <br /> <br /> thoughtful, he emphasized George, his psychoanalyst wife Kim and their little son Miles head out in snowy countryside for a long weekend getaway away from the city. On the way up, George hits a deer with his car. Hunters who were pursuing a deer is not happy when they believe that George ended his pursuit. In particular, violated hunting Otis takes it personally. He goes for the family at their country house, making sure they see it. He's a spy, George and Kim as they have sex. He shoots out of the window with a gun when they are not at home, allowing them to uncover the sinister holes in the windows and walls when they return. When Kim takes Miles to the pharmacy in the city, Miles is drawn to a small sculpture in the window, carved to resemble a man with a deer head. Native American man Miles says that this is Wendy, the spirit of the forest, which has a taste for flesh and always hungry. Miles takes shape home with him, already haunted deer eve of death. On that day, when he and his father had to go sledding, and shot George Miles chased through the woods being a little flash ... or he's just in shock, and imagining all this? A few hours later, George rushed to the hospital, and Miles, still clutching his statue, or unconscious, dream goes on a vision quest in which the Wendigo returns. At this time, the anger, the flesh absorption god - part wood, part of the Bachelor and human - is hunting. For Otis, who finally went over the edge <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautifully made film, the almost complete silence, but the wind howling through the snow-covered trees. Thus, the very monster like fakey look, but it's a small drawback is more than offset by a true sense of tension and fear that creeps through every frame of the film, and terrible background the silent, snowy countryside. Great performances, in particular, Jake Weber as moody and thoughtful, George and Patricia Clarkson as his sweet, but no-nonsense wife. They are a happy couple with their shares of common problems, and it is the strength of their relationship and their love for each other that makes this film powerful. Watching this film is often like watching whose home video so realistic performances. <br /> <br /> This film is not for everyone. Many people can be quite boring, waiting Lovecraft disgusting beast and bloody revenge that will never come. We can never be sure when Wendy even there, it is seen as through the eye sensitive child, and, in the future, through the eyes of a madman. It's more a psychological drama than a horror film, but it is more horrific than enough elements in it to satisfy the fans of fine horror.
