Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and son Miles (Per Sullivan Erik) are headed to the country to facilitate winter weekend from the bustling metropolis of Manhattan. On the way they were reared and eventually got stuck in the snow. A group of hunters who tracked the dollar comes. Instead of helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), I was mad because the accident cracked horns in the tank. George, Kim and Miles alarmed by Otis, and even worse, we soon learned that Otis knew where they stood. At the same time, Miles gets Wendigo (a type of Indian forms of change of spirit / monster) chip on the Indians, whom he had just seen. Otis is crazy to get our hero? Wendigos there in the woods? <br /> <br /> I can see where Wendy will have a number of problems, which are attractive for the spectators. This is a fairly low-budget film, with technical limitations, often featuring later. Much of the film, and possibly all, is not really about the titular creatures. And perhaps a fatal blow for many people, it has a very ambiguous ending, with a number of questions remain unanswered. If you are not satisfied with such endings, and you do not like movies that are designed to make you think and discuss what everyone meant, do yourself a favor and avoid a Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I love movies like this. I usually prefer a certain ambiguity. Marketing Wendigo is aimed at those who want a quick, scary ugly Flick, where they could expect a huge fight with some supernatural monster, who won in the end, all tied neatly to open to the Wendigo 2, except for: monster returns, but it not what this movie. Wendy much more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of such creatures Flick to offer most people. Heck, writer / director Larry Fessenden even has the character of George, read Robert Frost. Verse Frost and George comment that Frost can cause complex images and atmosphere with a seemingly simple things is the key to the film. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about the film is its complexity. In a sense, there are four different films that take place at the same time, the flow of each character. In the flow of George, he's not quite happy or very nice guy in the world, and it has some child-rearing issues. According to him, the film is realistic, disastrous descent into his life going from bad to worse. In Patricia stream, she is looking to rejuvenate their lives and families. She psychologist basically denying the problems around her, hoping that they will go and better. The stream of Otis, he was even more down on its success than George, and the arrival of George in his life represents the ultimate "crack" in his psychological armor. And in the stream Miles, who is probably the most important of the movie, life as a great poem because of their youthful innocence and interpretation of the world. But this is a horror story, in the end, although with a glimmer of hope, and the events in the film give a poetic interpretation of Miles dark turn. However, when all is said and done, it seems to be the only one keeping himself in hand, thanks to the poetic worldview. <br /> <br /> Even if the low-budget film, there are many well made higher budgetary ambitions. Fessendno and director of photography Terry Stacey find some great shots in beautiful places, and created some interesting slide show as the installation (for example, cards, or Indian Wendy images from the book). There are also interesting and more traditional installation such as Miles nightmare. Wendigo best shot and edited than in many big budget films. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The emergence of "Wendigo" in the end worked for me, and has been properly mixed. Lighting is usually good - there were a few times that the dark scenes were not as clear as they could be, but it seemed to have more problems with the film (which may be digital as well) or transfer. I thought the performances were good, and much more realistic (if you value it) than most films. Although I did not see the price, it should be good, or I would have noticed this with a negative evaluation. <br /> <br /> In general, Wendy is a very good movie that deserves to be viewed with an open mind, as long as you do not mind having to think about the movies you watch.
