An excellent example of cinematic Sun Alchemy at work, with a ball lead trite'n'turgid scenario (composed numbingly mediocre Hollywood hack nonpareil Jole Schumacher, no less) which is magically transformed into a variety piece gracefully scintillating 24-carat gold musical drama because of vigorous direction, fresh, attraction of using dot on the value of production, flavorsome recreation 50s-era New York, infectiously bubbly roll with the punch-tone, and really awesome rhythm and blues score big Curtis Mayfield. <br /> <br /> the story, based on real-life exploits of the Supremes, prosaic documents difficult to lift the rags to riches three nimble, impoverished black teenage girl singers who want desperately to avoid the rat, ungrateful Heavy ghetto and make it big in the world spree commercial R & B music. All the obvious disadvantages of instant wealth and success - the ego manages destructive rampage, drugs, corruption, the struggle to keep their integrity, and so on - predictably marched forward, but, fortunately, is uniformly excellent work manifests itself in other parts of the film almost completely balances apartment , uninspired Schumacher conspiracy. Actions first speed helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonett McKee and Dwan Smith is sensationally sexy, bright and attractive leads - and great singer download. Relatively small performances also are turned in to the magical pre-boyish «Miami Vice» Philip Michael Thomas as a patient group, gentlemanly manager, Dorian Harewood as a corrupt, aggressive love beagles boyfriend Maki and years of blaxploitation villain Tony ( "Hell Up in Harlem «,« Bucktown ") King of the dangers of seductive, without fail, a stone cold bad gangster. The tone of failures and adjusts from funny and splitting to the melancholy and cheerful and never missing a beat, cleverly transformed into a glowing, uplifting th ode extraordinary abilities of the human spirit, to effectively overcome the extremely difficult and frightening chances. <br /> <br /> veteran editor Sam O'Stern justify itself perfectly in his directorial debut. Bruce Surtees luminous cinematography and editing skills, both Gordon Scott flawlessly. O'Stern firm grasp of the period atmosphere, a keen eye for the tiny, but speak little detail and unmistakable feeling tense inseparable pace as impressive. Do not make a fool of the perfect soundtrack contributions Curtis Mayfield, the same. "Go," "What can I do with this feeling", "Givin 'Up", "Take My Hand Precious Lord", "Lovin' You Baby" and "Look Into Your Heart" all terribly melodic, soulful, almost unbelievably fantastic songs with sweet hot love Jones number "something he can feel", which was later covered like Aretha Franklin and En Vogue, it is obvious Copping stamp music awards as the best in the history of the song in the whole film. The end result of all these outstanding attributes cited above clearly shows that sometimes it is not always the case as has been done with the mentioned scenario, which in turn determines the overall quality of the sterling films.
