Yes, you read that right, baby. Michael Bay should learn this film before you make any of its more bloated, debt, too meaningless "Transformers" films. "Robot Jox" better than both of them, and it is probably worth less than the crew of "Transformers," released on a personal trainer. <br /> <br /> Megan Fox Fortunately, this little robot rock, originally known mainly for being the film that ruined Charles and Alberta Empire Pictures studio band seems to have developed a cult following over the years. I fondly remember watching it on VHS in his first video release in the early '90s, and even some politicians of the Cold War / stereotypes are outdated by the time (only the successes of bands that communism would fall while the film is sitting on shelves, waiting to be released as well?), it's still pretty damn cool little B-Movie. . They do not really make'em like this anymore, or if they do, they go to Bay route and CGI things unbearable proportions <br /> <br /> For those who are unfamiliar, here is the scoop-Robo: We 're somewhere in the future, and after the nuclear disaster, large-scale "war" have been outlawed. Disputes between countries are now settled mano-a-mano (or may need to be a machine-to-machine-on) one representative from each side of those who fight with each other in the size of giant robots in the style Shogun Warrior. Whichever boat leaves from the fight for the win "their" side. Harry Graham (who would later go on to play detective in the Sykes «Alien Nation» TV series), played by the "Achilles", the largest robot in Jock Marketplace (aka the good guys) history. Achilles was invincible in the previous nine robots attacks (ten to be the maximum number of fights before "Zhkom" redeemed) at the beginning of the film, he faces off against his colleague from the "Confederation" (ie Russian are coming!), Psychotic Alexander (which is the most over the "evil Russian" stereotype of a bad guy after all the shameful Dolph Lundgren as Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV»). The match is called a draw, when Alexander commits a foul against illegal Robot Move at the last minute and ended up not only uncomfortable Achilles but with bivayuchy whole bunch of spectators in addition. The rematch is planned to finish the fight, but the Achilles just want to say goodbye, hang up his helmet and move on with your life. Instead of breaking the rules spoiler, revealing much more, I'll just say that there are a lot of twists and turns for distributing the scene, and other challenges to Achilles and his companions «Jox» to two robotic titans clash finally once again in the final. <br /> <br /> I hope I do not make this film to be a kind a masterpiece of science fiction, because it is not. "Robot Jox» it's just fun. I admit it is a bit higher concept than the average B-grade sci-fi movie, and although budgetary constraints do sometimes make themselves known (especially in scenes related to some painfully obvious green screen magic tricks), it is still the most beautiful film ever to come up with the Moon Pictures Empire / Full plant. Robot fight scenes are very well done, using the methods of the movement / stopping of the old school model, and the sets and costumes do not look half-assed the least. Empire Pictures and directed by Stewart ( «Re-Animator») Gordon defined for shooting stars with this picture. Unfortunately, it's not quite work out for them (or studio), but at least we got one heckuva cool little video of the transaction. Bottom line: if you want to be at the hearing and visually assaulted 2+ hours, do not hesitate to take the "Transformers" movie. By the end you'll probably feel like you've spent all this time to watch someone play video games. If you want to have rock'em, sock'em robot is a good time to pick up Jox robot instead.
