"The Matador," a dark comedy Pierce Brosnan as aging hit man who befriends a straight arrow, happily married American businessman (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. While sardonic Julian (ironically nicknamed "Noble"), seems to be "cool guy" on the surface, under its really just a mass of neuroses and insecurity, a man who knows that his chosen profession left him almost alone in the world and alone. Thus, on his birthday, he reaches for Denis, a man who lived his life playing by the rules, and that becomes strangely intrigued by the "non-traditional" way of life of Julian. In fact, the two men find each other in person, which they could never have, but wish they could be in their quiet, more sincere moments of self-esteem. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film is very reminiscent of the "Analysis of this" and "to Midnight Midnight the Run" to feel completely fresh and original, "Matador", however, gets points to the complexity of his characters and the quality of his actions. Brosnan, looking aged and almost exhausted, sinks his teeth into the role of Julian in a way he never has before. Playing a man who seems constitutionally unable to make a serious relationship with another person, Brosnan flip and cavalier one point, the present and responsive following. He always keeps us off balance so that the humor never becomes dull or stale. Kinnear also perfect as an amateur businessman who is drawn more to the dark side, as his relationship with Giuliani deepens. He hopes that Davis does an excellent job as the "Bean" accurate and loving wife of Danny, who, like her husband, finds herself intrigued by these mysterious and "dangerous" figure of the world are very different from what she knows. <br /> <br /> the time we find ourselves feeling that the "Matador" keep something from us, it is not plumbing the depths of his position and space. In the end, it feels a bit too light, a little too insignificant to register the impact that it should. This may be because this feature film debut for writer / director Richard Shepard, and he did not quite get his film steps down further. However, one appreciates the fact that it does not always go for the obvious and that he holds tightly focused on two main figures in the piece, rarely content with banal setting or a light laugh. <br /> <br /> «Matador" is incorrect, but overall entertaining bit of comedy, which we hope will signal a new stage in the career of an actor Brosnan.
