Fassbinder's most generous production sacrifices a little of his talent for identifying and deconstructing locus of suffering long mobile takes something and act as social encapsulation; here, it's much more open, as the story takes place in the devastated war on Germany at the end of the Second World War, and the central character of a woman (Schygulla as Mary), which capitalizes on the vulnerability (both economic and gender-related) to catapult itself up stairs prominent textile corp. which makes the desired products, such as Lederhosen, affordable for low-income workers (as it once was). Married among the allied air raids, Maria and her new husband Herrmann allowed a short honeymoon before he shipped out to the Russian front. In his absence, her great despair: she spends most of the day at the station, waiting for his return. If it is about death, she abruptly stopped mourning and gets a job as a barmaid / prostitute in a brothel who serve. <br /> <br /> US soldiers when he returns, you will get a lot of dirty, as the circumstances (and his sense of noble self-sacrifice) conspired to keep them apart. Post Fassbinder order goods by mail is reinforced: "Love is colder than death", but not only Maria compete with her own sanity and her husband basically unable to love her, but the country is in a deep stream, without appreciable light at the end of the tunnel. Fassbinder makes some statement about post-war Germany by selling the highest price, but, like all his films, I tend to block the elements and focus on the untold passions on display: Fassbinder is caused by their heroes; his actors as filtered through their real connection with Fassbinder. Taken together, his movies can be unbearable and indescribable hypnotic, often all at once; it provides somewhere in between, although, of course, closer to the latter. While I do not like it quite as well as The Bitter Tears of Petra Von Kant or katzelmacher, Mary Brown, of course, has a greater volume and more than that, I could feel his passion and real parts of human emotions.
