The Marriage of Maria Braun (IMB) of the German girl (Maria) married a German soldier (Herman Brown) is just on the end of the war. Once married for half a day and night, Herman sent to the front again. To make ends meet, Maria begins to work in a bar, mainly for American soldiers and black soldiers learn. She received the news that the German had died at the front, and everything develops between it and US soldiers. Herman goes to them in bed, and after a confrontation between him and the American Mary killed the American. German confessed to the murder, he is in prison and Maria vows to wait for him. The country is in decline; one sees people leaving all that they are engaged to light. There is a lack of food. This is generally the survival time of the fittest. <br /> <br /> In general, the film projects Mari relationship - those relationships, she let herself under these circumstances, as a metaphor for the loss of the German soul, after they lost the war, and how it is going to repair itself. For example, Mary had the following conversation with the peddler (played by Fassbinder himself); peddler trying to sell her a perfect copy of Kleist, and she observes that "Kleist burned quickly, it does not provide enough heat to cold." Jagger replies, "It's another way to look at it. Now, it's probably the right way. " <br /> <br /> Maria meets French / German business man, Karl Oswald after it traded its way into the first compartment of the train class. She decides to get linked with Carl, "You do not have to deal with me, I have an affair with you." It also takes responsibility in the company, and after a while the company's full confidence. When Charles says, "I guess we just have to wait for a miracle," she replies, "I prefer to make miracles ?? then wait for them. " In her own words, she was "Mata Hari economic miracle» <br /> <br /> In many films of Fassbinder, he was trying to expose the psychological processes underlying social mechanisms (see Freud). In other words, he loved showing his camera on Bullsh * t, false social mechanisms in pretense. Maria takes a direct approach in this film successfully pass this ideology. For example, she phones Carla and when he picks up the phone, her request is straight to the point "I need someone to sleep with." As Fassbinder said "emotions people felt non-existent, and there were only a kind of sentimentality, which we thought we had to be properly functioning members of society." He also said that his films are anti emotional. <br /> <br /> I especially liked the scene where Carl and Mary meet in Munich restaurant (apparently frequented Hitler). Maria is in control and Carl a bit on the lower side, as though Mary "rigid honesty" is it as if it is not completely in the situation more. Carl said: "I have to tell myself over and over that I love life." Maria says: "This life is not so. As if we have signed a contract to enjoy life. And then we go out to eat and talk about food. " I believe that it is also about Fassbinder views on the relationship, never fully obey anyone. And why would you when the central question of the majority of his films are about "What love is in this society ?? goods, power tools, weapons. " <br /> <br /> It was noted that this is a typical Fassbinder have a scene with Maria Betti go in expensive dresses in ruins after the war - with these clothes almost wrong period. What I think he wanted to portray here are those relationships where you feel bad, that "you can always put on your make-up and face the day looks great." But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any errors made in the film could simply be corrected in the next draft. Since he graduated from the films (approximately 4 years), as well as other people, cigarettes, it is not surprising that this film has some very bad scene. Martesheimer Peter, who wrote most of the script, noted that Fassbinder, probably invented the whole scene with Mary and the Americans in the park at night. <br /> <br /> Schygulla is brilliant as Mary. Mostly, she just stares straight into the camera. In his own words of Mary "This is a bad time for emotions. But I like that. " <br /> <br /> There are different views about the end. After Carl died of Hart attack, Herman finally shows up. (Herman went to Australia after he was released from prison, to "become human again.") After a will is delivered (drawn on it and Herman half), Maria forgets to close the gas on the stove when she lights a cigarette, and blow it up, and German. For me it is obvious that she just did it by accident. At the same time, she had a crash when her dreams finally seems to be about to come true. She must have felt as if she was not herself anymore. She felt as if she had outlived its usefulness.
