Mary Brown got married right in the middle of battle all around her and her German husband. The explosion ripped through the building, to start with, and she and Herman had to sign a paper on the pile of rubble on the street. Perhaps, it may cause some as heavy-handed metaphor for what is going to come: a marriage on the rocks, so to speak. This betrothal, when my husband goes to war and is held in the Russian camp, unbenownst helpless, but promising and proud of Mary, who keeps standing depressing rubble railway station, some come home, while others are not, with a sign that they are waiting for Herman. <br /> <br /> The problem arises, as it does in melodramas Rainer Werner Fassbinder, and his one of his best and most provocative, we see how Maria (Schygulla extraordinarily luxuriant in this role) will do two-faced: it will stand on her person, even if that means working at the bar for American soldiers, and even after she heard from a fellow soldier that Herman died is still close to him as she was sleeping with a black GI and approaches who was carrying his child (that is, of course, until he appears and is killed, and n takes the rap, so it can be safely), or work for a German businessman (effectively cute Ivan Desna) and became his mistress, and sometimes a rising star in the company. Mary will do whatever it takes to be successful, but it will always be married. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say something about Mary, which is not interesting. Money, sex, power, they become interchangeable for Mary. It's like a feminist, which has its cake and eat it hot smile, she gets a husband, more or less (in fact much smaller until the last ten minutes of the film) in the production of things: a man who is obsessed with her every time it may, the new and expensive home with a servant, secretary, money-, that others around it does not receive due to already being a man or is too weak to be able to climb anywhere (eg secretary, played enough interesting Fassbinder's own mother). <br /> <br /> Maria sexy, confident, and all alone, with an idealized life goes against life, which must be made in the shade. It speaks of two men-an American soldier and the poor old and sick Oswald-, that she loves them, and at the same time will stick these roses tangled and introspection German husband sends from Canada, after his release from prison, she throws a section very feminist I would like to smack, but to understand where she is coming from and going all the way. <br /> <br /> Fassbinder uses this internal contradiction, and moments with Mary is to go against the conventions of melodrama (eg German to go to the cheering and half-naked Mary and GI just masterpieces of the stage, with Maria reaction does not surprise or guilt but pure happiness to see that he's not to mention the living), while sticking his device as a director of such sublime art with a story that needs to be predictable. But this is not true. It's like one big metaphor for a country that after the war, could not move on to a normal life. Several times Fassbinder puts the radio sound in the background, and we see Mary walking around her family home, the noise and bustle going on around her, and the radio talking about a divided Germany, things are still very unresolved in disarray, maybe only way to handle the excess, or maybe this is just my interpretation of it. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say, in fact, under the gaze of the face and eyes Schygulla, anyway. This is such an incredible performance, in fact, one of those that captures the charm of an old-time pads and attractiveness of the Hollywood female stars, and on the down and dirty ethic girls on the streets. The most revealing costumes are opposing one sees in one scene when she finally is with her husband, where she plays one of these super-lustful pieces black lingerie and high heels, and then moves on to the clothes, not even thinking about it. This is almost the essence of what Mary and Schygulla well get it, self-willed, but somehow loved figure who loved and confuses the people around her, sometimes in the same sentence. This is what captures Fassbinder in his excellent first part of his "trilogy", while I may generally prefer Veronika Voss as a masterpiece, Mary Brown, perhaps just as well as the study of the nature that makes a woman tick and Tock with (almost) nothing to lose.
