One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was, without doubt, the German expressionism, very atmospheric style of filmmaking evolved over 20s in Berlin. Classic films as «Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari." (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens» (1922) were the most famous direct result of this movement, while the movement does not have a long life, his enormous influence on the movie is still being felt today, especially in the horror genre. One of the key figures of this style will be directed by Paul Wegener, director of the 1920 «Der Golem, Wie Er in Die Welt OK", as in his debut as a film director, seven years before the adoption of this classic, he was doing an experiment with expressionism in film . This is an early prototype of German Expressionism was, by the way, another horror film :. "Der Student Von Prag" <br /> <br /> "Der Student Von Prag» ( «Prague student"), the story of Balduin (Paul Wegener), a student with a reputation for being the best swordsman in Prague, but that always find themselves with financial problems. One day, Balduin rescues a beautiful countess Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in the lake after her horse to drop it accidentally. Balduin immediately fell in love with her and tries to see her again, but he soon discovers that he will have to compete with its rich cousin, Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry her. Knowing that he could not offer her a lot, Balduin wants to be rich, and this is where a sorcerer named Scapinelli (John Gottaut) enters the scene. Scapinelli Balduin offers endless wealth in exchange for what he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the offer, only to discover in horror that Scapinelli wants his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> loosely inspired by the short stories of Edgar Allan Poe's "William Wilson" and classical legends of "Faust" story «Der Student Von Prag» was conceived by the German writer Evers, master of horror literature and one of the first authors who believe stsenarno present as any other form of literature. Written at a time when the cinema in Germany are still being developed as an art form, «Der Student Von Prag» shows a real willingness to actually use film to tell the story is well-developed stunt camera or a number of scenes. Like most writers of his time, Ewers scenario is still very much under the influence of the theater, although «Der Student Von Prag» begins to move away from this style. Though a bit poor on his character development (especially on the secondary characters), Ewers manages to create an interesting and complex character in the face of Balduin. <br /> <br /> While the «Der Student Von Prag» Paul Wegener was the directorial debut and second film Riogo as a cinematographer, it's good to know that these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what cinema can do, if done correctly. Attaching great use in the film Guido Seeber, two young filmmakers create a powerful gothic atmosphere, which predicts that German filmmakers of the next decade will do. Wegener would have learned many of the techniques that he will be busy in his "Necessity" series Seeber and rye. Despite the very limited resources of rye and Wegener managed to create an amazing and very convincing (for its time) for visual effect scenes displaying Balduin in (played by Wegener, too). Already an experienced stage actor at the time of making this film, Wegener directs actor with great talent, as well as an attempt to get away from the unnatural style of the previous directors. <br /> <br /> As Balduin, Paul Wegener is very efficient and is probably the best in the film. It certainly helps that his character is the only fully developed by the author, but nobody can deny that Wegener was very good in the role of a poor student who loses more than its mirror image in the contract. John Gottaut plays a sinister Scapinelli with a mysterious aura, which suits the character like a glove. Little is said about Scapinelli in the film, but Gottowt make sure to let us know that he is a force to be feared. The rest of the main cast less fortunate with Grete Berger being largely on the average, as the Countess Margit, and the Lothar Körner makes a bad Graf Von Schwarzenberg. However, it should be said that Lida Salmonova was pretty good in its living nature and Fritz Weidemann made a great Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg, showing the dignity of the character Lörner should have. <br /> <br /> Given the films that were made in those years in other countries, and the fact that his remake (from 13 years after this film) is superior in every way, it is not difficult to understand why the «Der Student Von Prag "I could not stand the test of time as well as the other early films. The main problem of the film, of course, its extremely low budget, as it has led to the film being significantly shorter than what is needed to be fully developed story pitcher. This makes the story feel a bit too uncertain times, or even incomplete, as if something is missing in the narrative (of course, there is also the possibility that the current printing is really incomplete). Nevertheless, «Der Student Von Prag» very interesting early attempt a complex story of horror and suspense in a film that, while worse than what other filmmakers at the time, left a strong impression in the history. <br /> <br /> As a direct precursor of the German expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny the great importance that the «Der Student Von Prag» has in the history of German cinema, probably in the history of cinema in general. It may look outdated even for its time, but given the limited resources of its director was, is certainly better than most films of the era. The film, which began a career of Paul Wegener, and the fact that the German Expressionism, «Der Student Von Prag» must see for anyone interested in this piece of cinema history. 7/10
