1927, and Hollywood has been on the map as a center of world cinema for a little over ten years. Now, when it became the seat of a multimillion dollar industry and a vertically integrated studio system was set up, some of them in quieter quarters of the filming of the plant took time for a little self-reflection. Last Command, while his heart may be the classic story of the once prestigious person who has fallen on hard times, frames the story in a harsh look at how the movie was unceremoniously recreates reality, and how the manufacturing process can be ruthlessly impersonal. It was written by Lajos Biro, who was on the ground long enough to know. <br /> <br /> Taking center stage is a person who at the time was among Hollywood's most famous immigrant ?? Jannings. Prior to joining US Jannings worked mainly in comedy, as Hammy master still fun timely performance figures often as pompous authorities or imbecile old HAS-beens. He makes his entrance in The Last Command, as the latter, and at first it looks as if it is still one of the scenery-chomping caricatures Jennings. However, as the story progresses actor gets to demonstrate its range, featuring delicate fragility in turn, serene advantages and ultimately more power and presence in the final. He never ceases to be full of exaggeration (German tradition of acting without knowing anything subtlety), but he always keeps our attention with absolute control over every aspect of its performance. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, even one who has been around Hollywood a little more and had no background in the European film industry. However, Josef von Sternberg cultivated for himself the image of an artistic and powerful Teutonic Kino Meister (hereinafter "background" was compiled, by the way), and took a very distinctive approach to the craft. It should be noted in this picture processing and its rate pitch fine example of which is the first of Russian retrospective scenes. We open with a carefully constructed chaos with traffic converging in the direction that we have become part of the audience as the camera zooms out and additional shooting across the screen. Then, when Jennings comes, everything will be settled. Jennings's performance is incredibly balanced and measured, and when the players around him are beginning to reflect this effect, as if his presence restored order. <br /> <br /> Sternberg seems to show an aversion to violence, allowing the darkest moments that take place outside of the screen, and yet it means that they have happened with the flow of images, almost poetic. In fact, it actually seems to be lack of interest in a circular action. In the scene of rebellion prisoners Sternberg takes alienation and objective stance, his camera in the end retreats to a position flies in the-wall. Compare this with the following scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which is a complex mixture in terms of training and intense close-up, pushing us right in the midst of their interaction. <br /> <br /> As the person on the set, it would seem that Sternberg was just as cold and callous director William Powell played on the screen, but in fact the image of Powell probably something deliberate parody that even the Sternberg would have been on. Unfortunately, this cruelty does not make him an easy person to work with and in conjunction with its emphasis on its technical resources, over its human, the less performance in his paintings leave much to be desired. While Jennings shows classic Hamming mode Charles Laughton, who works much, apparently, no one told his co-stars, they were not in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is quite good, which gives us a good emoting, but replay it here and there. Only performance that approaches Jannings is that Powell himself. It's a bit strange to see, as a rule, expensive star fine man and a great Ziegfeld playing figure is so severe and a sense of humor, a man Nina, but he does a good job showing the smoldering emotional intensity under severe heart out. <br /> <br /> The last command can easily ruffled a few feathers in the offices of the studio, as usually happens with any disparaging comment about the process of filmmaking, even relatively tame, such as it is. At least, I think a lot of the studio heads would be unhappy in a "behind the scenes" point of view, because it threatens the mystique of the movie-making, who was still alive at this point. As it turned out, this was the effect of the picture, that Jennings won the Oscar the first ever for Best Actor, as well as a nomination for Best Writing for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, although this question is somewhat vague) and a nomination for Best Picture. This is important, since the Academy was a tiny organization at this time, and the first awards were more than ever a little self indulgent tail slaps on the Hollywood elite. But the elite or not, they have recognized the good stuff when they saw him, and were ready to reward him.
