Zatoichi The culprit was the first film shot (Katz) own production company of his character, it is possible, why it is a little smaller entry in the series, although it is by no means a weak spot in the overall standings. It speaks about our hero met the two cities competing bosses and mysterious ronin, helping the poor and this set is spinning the story covers the tragedy, violence, and not a little interest, all served with lashings in unshowy, but inspired by fencing, which is a trademark of the series. This is a fairly predictable plot and mounts in a exclusive fashion headbands, but with lightning style and interesting material. Ronin is useful, for example, is a noble revolutionary impenetrable character, breaking the established order are not painted as a really pretty or heroic figure Zatoichi himself making one or two mistakes, and damage of their actions, while the decision to fuel system operation poor. His harsh world, with one or two more intuitive than expected moments in the fighting, although it is not as exciting as they could be. Katz turns into a typical bravura performance as the Datoiti, blending the wisdom and skill of the death of the secular subtly sad sense of vulnerability, while solid work also come from Rentarō Mikuni and effectively of bad kò Nishimura (later appear as Katz superior "Snake» Magobei Hanzo in trilogy) as the two main bosses in the film. There is also a good emotional turnaround by Yuko Hamada as a wronged woman. The film plays on a shaky stimulation and not as well constructed sequence of events that have at least one little rattle jump time and the strength of the story gets a little lost, which means that when things heat up until the end of the film ISN »t as exciting as it is could be, the emotional impact is lost, too. Action or scene Datoiti using their brilliant skills well handled director Yamamoto, Saim, although some gambling less interesting and the film builds up in elaborate and not really inspired way, without colorful characters and a strong inspiration of some other installments. Nevertheless, I enjoyed it, it has its drawbacks, and not one of the best in the series, but it still packs a sweet satisfactory dose of entertainment, a good story and a decent dose of trademark inventive and quirky cool Datoiti in. Recommended for fans of the series and a reasonable entry point, classy material, though not real big.
