Gundam Wing is an amazing show from beginning to end, each episode is a joy to watch. History Gundam typical fare in the future, the Earth's population grows to the extent where we create a space colony to expand. History, though located in a completely different reality than any other Gundam shows. This year after the 195 colonies and the corrupt government of the Earth, known as the Earth Sphere Alliance, forcibly taking over the free colony. To combat the Alliance of control and even greater threat, which should come (evil militarist organization lies within the alliance, known as OZ, who later takes over the land management and colonies), selection of members of the colonies to send 5 super powerful fur to Earth to try to save the colony from the threat, which is soon to come. These bags, known as the Gundams, OZ fight and try to restore peace in the colonies OZ takes front stage, eliminating the Alliance and take control of the Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> Gundam Wing, as I used to, this is probably the most enjoyable to watch Gundam series in my opinion. Much of this reason, the difference between this series and any other Gundam series in front of him, but also the history of a much more profound and complex than most other series Gundam. Gundam Wing has more depth and emotion to him than any other Gundam show I've ever seen so far. This particular series seemed to focus more on character and relationships among these characters than the epic space battle. Do not get me wrong, this show still has a lot of epic battles inside and show still retains an epic atmosphere that other series Gundam is, but this is achieved at the expense of the story follows an ensemble cast of 6 or 7 characters, unlike later only 1. <br /> <br /> no matter how you look at it it is not really one of the most unique and enjoyable series Gundam out there, and I highly recommend it to any fan of anime or SCI- Fi as a whole. Show sports some amazing animations and excellent effects, but the depth and subtlety of the story that keeps you coming back for more. The characters are so well drawn at the end of the show, that you end up loving each and every one of them. This show is definitely one that should not be missed. <br /> <br /> A perfect 10/10!
