Matador better when displayed because one observes at the time, he seems to be so easy. Humor is always the average caliber, never unfunny, but never entirely emptying the bowel. The story is very simple thread. site features are often recycled features, namely the unscrupulous bad guy needs a friend and Puritan wear glasses good guy needs a security team life and learn from each other, and somehow complement the lifestyle of each other. I also find a parallel to the history of bullfighting unnecessary, since it's just a tough thing and symbolism hardly powerful enough to carry yourself. Nevertheless, it is a really good movie, because although it seemed so delicate and unaffecting at the time, was not. It has a thin connection method with the audience. <br /> <br /> I think that the reason it is slowly but surely gives the audience something to take with you, because even though this is a formula, there is nothing new, even most of the humor, as the main characters, is almost the only characters in it somehow we met and met. Remember to call them real. It's not exactly what I mean. What I mean is that, while Pierce Brosnan is filthy, debauchery, drunkenness detached hit man a funny character, he clutched a writer and picked Brosnan, who aggressively communicated how much he is enjoying a breath of fresh air, James incoherent. the character of Greg Kinnear seems exactly the same thing in its individual scriptedness, but he gave some very unexpected footnotes that at the moment because of the film lightfootedness pass us, but then we only hit one minute. Then we realize that the film is not easy to analyze it or Planes, trains and automobiles stalely said again. It's really saying something. <br /> <br /> climax of the film is a kind who wants to be part of a thriller with twists and turns. But easy as it can possibly be in the spotlight of the film, although the plot was leading him? No, the focus of that to get Brosnan and Kinnear are unlikely relationship to each other. Ironically, Matador film about regret and loneliness. Brosnan deal with loneliness and regret it every day, and although we do not understand why Kinnear is so soft, and accept with Brosnan constantly interrupting his life, he slowly realized that Brosnan saving Kinnear version more down to earth his own feelings as a means of atonement. The very last scene of the film is still with me. This, I think, where the thin film side impact step, finally begins to seep.
