Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth in a series of sequel Gundam annals. Unlike previous recordings, which focused on the massive wars, this one is a little different; instead of being in the army-against-army situation, this time at the head of five teenagers (because of their ability to blend in more easily than normal adults) and their machines are called «Gundams» because of the metal alloy that used in their construction. This leads to problems, as the Gundams to be destroyed, replaced by "mobile suits" who manned less destructive weapons platforms and "Dolls", who fled to AI and used as infantry infantryman. <br /> <br /> Total sense of this series is a metaphysical question, which gives Gundam Wing advantage over most of the anima, which makes its way here. Especially that most anime taken from popular magazines, such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, Dragonball Z and InuYasha, who are all from the Shonen Jump, which is now available in America. <br /> <br /> Suit Gundam Mobile Wing sets itself apart from most anime is that, instead of over-the-top battles between mortals who are more like gods, the Gundam is very humanistic and seems to dig into that instead it is a dramatic and melodramatic events seem to unfold on a series of gracefully. As a rule, in the anime there are more than a few episodes, who think that the best way to go about making a "small" fight to have it only takes half an hour - that will never happen in real life. Gundam the top of it, making sure that everyone knows that the characters die, the machine will be demolished and rebuilt, battles lost and won, and it never seems like it makes the action very satirical. <br /> <br /> But the magic of Gundam Wing in detail, and that this series is that more anima will be grateful for it. Emotion. Instead mythical prophecies, magic or hyped martial arts, Gundam Wing is a hard-edged science fiction from a country that hates the uncompromising science fiction. (Note: The author would like to say that Evangelion uncompromising Sun-plausible-in-the real science fiction in connection with a religious theme, which is the core of its series) they love Star Wars, but hate ai (Movie). From now on, why it was Gundam Wing and Gundam SeeD now in the process for both the Japanese and US releases simultaneously with two voice commands. American audiences just have to wait two to three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to catch duplicated or subtitled versions or even edited Seed episodes that air on Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The emotion is that the two edges that are at war technically ago. Heroes are those who defend the rights of a rich and noble citizens of the Earth from a group of terrorists bent on winning at any and all costs that make up the characters Suit Gundam Mobile Wing. This is not war, this "total war." Every person, every building, every street is a target for attacks, both on earth and. <br /> <br /> My only complaint, and the reason it did not get a bill out of ten, that is about three -fourths way through, it is only partially goes dead for a few episodes, and no one really does not seem to be changing. Kind of like the current time of retrospection, which is great because of what it shows about the characters, but at the same time, he pulls down what needs to be brewing between the project: a meteorite and OZ. But the last two episodes and overrated-on-the Cartoon Network, (so in 2001-2003) Suit Gundam Mobile Wing: Endless Waltz movie more than compensate for the slack.
