The team of archaeologists to uncover a treasure ?? Crown of Queen Sheba. From Egypt, the crown must be passed through a steamer to San Francisco. But it will not be an easy journey. There are a lot of would-be thieves who would like to get their hands on the priceless values ​​contained in the crown. Fortunately for all involved, Mr. Moto on hand to defend the crown in its path. However, this does not mean that someone will not try to get their hands on the treasure. <br /> <br /> After the disappointment Gamble g-Moto, I went to the g-Moto takes leave hoping for the best, but, admittedly, fearing the worst. But within the first 10 seconds of the film, I knew I found it more enjoyable. I am a lover of the mysteries of the 1930s style, which shows nothing in common with archaeological excavations in Egypt. And seeing Moto, disguised as a German archaeologist (Imagine that, Peter Lorre played a German?) Scene start really attracted me. Despite the fact that the film can be quickly transferred to a less exotic San Francisco, he remained in the same pleasant. Dark, sinister characters that lurk on a rainy night; Shots fired from the open windows, which narrowly miss the head of the hero; complex and estimated Secure alarm system just begging for someone to try them out; and master criminals presumed dead ?? This kind of elements found in a lot of really good 1930's secrets, which I love. And Mr. Moto takes a vacation to get them all. Several other bonuses for me included the always pleasant Etuill in the wonderful role of GP comic Huntley, which is really funny, and a return to form for g-Moto. I have already mentioned that his disguise in the opening scenes of the film, and sports Moto goes about the final film. Moto is like a Whirling Dervish activities as he follows his prey. All this and I have not even mentioned the remarkable performance turned in by Lorre. Either way you look at it, Mr. Moto is taking a vacation is a winner. <br /> <br /> As far as I hate that number, Mr. Moto was due to expire after this party, it is clear, if you think about it, the Second World War was just around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, the Japanese movie hero would not go very well. At least a number of Mr. Moto ended on a very positive note.
