Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit people. Or "intermediary fatal", as he prefers to be called. He is also a drunkard, a womanizer, and in the middle of a midlife crisis. At work in Mexico City, he stumbles upon Denis ~ d White (Greg Kinnear), with an uncertain businessman who thinks he just nailed a recent move, but uncertainly. They meet in the hotel bar late at night, after they had both had a few too many margaritas. <br /> <br /> Similar to the settings for the buy-to-room comedy thriller, is not it? But this is not the case. Instead Matador funny and sometimes touching character study. He avoids every turn that the above summary would suggest, sometimes setting them only to maliciously destroy them. This is a film that respects the characters is enough to allow them to live with it, without feeling the need to push them into a useless plot contrivances. <br /> <br will inevitably be compared with his Bond hit-chelovek /> Brosnan, but it is unfair to both performances. Bond is a half-formed idea, the product of all that has been before; while Julian is fully formed character with their own motives and shortcomings. . It exists in its own shady, seedy world for so long that he had forgotten how to talk to the other person <br /> <br /> When he meets Danny in the hotel bar, he sees its opposite: a normal guy with a normal job and normal problems . He envies Denis; You people became fed up with his life, sees himself edging closer to its inevitable "burn out", he said. But if Danny opens up about the death of his only son, Julian is trying to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man who, in his own words, was "running from any emotion." Kinnear has his work opposite Brosnan, Danny White and injects it with a light everyman charm. He is the perfect foil to Julian; while the last drunken bravado and hedonism, Danny down on the ground, with only a hint of eccentricity. But it also goes deeper than his established persona, showing us how far the average person will go to when faced with financial ruin and family. <br /> <br /> There is a real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. This is most noticeable in the three key scenes of the film: in the hotel bar; bullfights, during which Julian says Danny, what he does for a living, and takes him through the rehearsal of the murder; and the scene where Julian appears in Danny's house six months later. This scene also introduces us correctly Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example, as Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panic in the presence of an assassin in her house, just asked with forced calmness, "Did you bring your gun?" The scenario is not as good as it could It is after perhaps even rewrite. One or two lines, it seems a bit forced, and a couple of jokes needs a little more work. But in scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) only to say, the writing is superb. The film does not feel any need to put characters into any strange situations (except meeting hit man, and said hit man on the verge of turning). He just lets you talk to them, gently pushing them to the necessary plot points. <br /> <br /> There is action, but only if it is reflected in characters. One well-known case when Julian fails to work in Budapest, because he continues to see himself in his firing area. The rest of the movie about heroes, how they interact, how they each affect each other. And, ultimately, it is about friendship, even in the most unexpected places. At one point, Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend. And he really means it.
