It is very difficult to evaluate this film. As entertainment for the spectators of the 21st century, it fails miserably. However, for the student of early sound films and stories, it is a gem. "Show Show" was filmed revues to compete with MGM in the «Hollywood Revue 1929" successful, that still survives intact, complete with its Technicolor scenes. <br /> <br /> The purpose of this all-star revue was to demonstrate a particular star of silent studio in speaking roles, and to show that they could make the transition. However, Warner Bros., seems to have forgotten about it, and uses a variety of acts and the star, that they did not even have in a long-term contract, such as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lilja, and even a hiking group. At the same time, their biggest talent - Al Zholson - is noticeably absent. Even at a high salary it can not be forced to join. Almost every act is too long, and the film plays like a dozen or so VitaPhone shorts strung, without continuity. The finale is also too long, but it is really nice with all your dance numbers <br /> <br /> The main points of the film are two numbers on Winnie Lightner -. "Ping Pong" and "Singin 'in the bathroom", a pair of numbers with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore performing Shakespeare and Chinese fantasy "Li Bai Li" with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last number is only part of the film, which survives in the Technicolor, and it really is very attractive. Reasonably enough, the players in these kind of cases had long-term Warner Bros. stars so maybe the director knew how to play to their strengths, so he was familiar with them. <br /> <br /> This film acts as a picture in an odd point in the history of cinema - in 1929, a year that was a bridge between two eras - from the silent and sound eras and the roaring 20s and the Great Depression. Just two years later, the same film would have had a very different connotation, and Warner Bros. would abandon their silent era stars, and the stars, they hired only for early musicals in favor of those stars who gave Warner Bros. its distinctive urban look and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondel, Edward G. Robinson, and others.
