Matador strange film. Her protagonist, Julian played with an unusual combination of charm and imbalance of Brosnan, entirely typical hero. Julian the hit man who is undergoing late mid-life crises. After spending 22 years in the profession reserved murder he now considers himself underlined and desperately lonely. And so, after a chance meeting in a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he fixes on and begins to stop awkward friendship. Denis, the quintessential good guy has to deal with some things in my life, and, in truth, could use one as well. The two make an unexpected connection, and Dany stick around to hear the story of Julian, even after studying the "questionable" truth about the work. <br /> <br /> Julian Matador suitable object is not completely unheard of in the movies, the anti-hero is a murderer (such films as "murderers" and "Grosse Pointe Blank" comes to mind). Matador but differs in several key ways. First of all, the killing and the blood implied but never shown in detail, which means that if you're a fan of action movies looking for adrenaline, this film will probably disappoint you. Secondly, unlike most movie anti-hero, the Matador makes no attempt to show repentance and atonement of his protagonist. Julian's work is represented simply as "this is what it is" kind of thing. This is unusual, given that 99.99% of us feel terrible murder for money. Yet this unorthodox approach, it is possible that makes the film feel real. Despite the fact that we do not like to admit it, almost everything that could be daily, after we have done it for a long time, maybe even murder. Is Giuliano sacrifices deserve to die? Who pays for people to kill? Who knows. The film never addresses these issues. The emphasis is on Julian and his stumbling shuffle into a real friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in the newspaper you would fleeting thought that people like him should be taken out of society, such as cancer, but are forced to watch as his life draws you into his intense humanity. Sympathy for the Devil, I think. <br /> <br /> take on Julian Brosnan is well made and deeply disturbing. He did not completely divorce himself from his James Bond good looks and smooth charm, and simply adds a disturbing strangeness to the mix. Strange or rude remarks in the middle of polite conversation and a dramatic shift from the polite charm child tantrums and boring desperate requests for acceptance. He keeps you guessing about his hands on his mind, and how it will affect those around him. It's a bit like listening to a pianist who sometimes unexpectedly falls into the wrong note as he plays, but it works. Movies just another important role, Danny, it's not meaty. Kinnear turns into a solid when unspectacular performance as a regular Joe with Joe normal life and problems. <br /> <br /> The film does not really have any big shocks or Shyamalan twist, but I could not guess the ending, and he felt satisfied. He did not have any deep philosophical and spiritual insights, and yet he felt very human. And it was not a heart-pounding car chase or a shootout, and yet I think that the former is well done, and I never get bored. Perhaps the only real message here about the person needs to reach out and make connections with each other, and how those needs have no moral prerequisites. Even killer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with poor people. This remark about the strange, random world we live in a good movie. worth a look.
