Sherman, set the Wayback Machine for ... 1986. The United States just to get out of the worst post-war recession, while Japan is enjoying an unprecedented industrial boom. The manufacturing industry is still a significant portion of the US economy, and the factory workers were a good example of the "average American." The word 'retrenchment' is not entered into the general vocabulary yet, but everyone knew that this phenomenon. Bruce can be heard on the radio singing, "says Foreman, these works are a boy, and they do not return to his home town." The Chrysler just rescued uncle Sam Bumper stickers can be seen the words "Buy American -. the job you save may be your own». <br /> <br /> «Gung Ho" does a better job of capturing the mood of the American industrial workforce than just about any other popular film shot in this period. Of course, the film has its n dahopy - some loose plot threads and mediocre work actor all but Michael Keaton and Hedda Watanabe But the story is actually about the meeting of East and West: Keaton Hunt Stevenson personifies America, brash and confident on the outside is still dangerous at the bottom Kazuhiro Watanabe embodies.. Japan itself, on top of the pile with a successful system, but I wonder if there is more to learn from their Western competitors. The film, flawed as it is, simply sets the stage for conflict, and ultimately the synthesis of the two parties. <br /> <br /> Keaton acting outshines everyone else and almost makes the film itself. I've always admired Keaton for his ability to deliver lines that do not feel improvised, no matter what script it is worth. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a nice, friendly man in the street, an innate leader with clever contract. But he has a fatal flaw common to many of us: he did not want anyone to disappoint. He will distract the crowd of inspirational anecdotes, and even lie, and do not show on the brutal truth <br /> <br /> Kazuhiro is a mirror image of Stevenson :. shy and introspective, but also because of his Japanese upbringing, not wanting to be the bearer of bad news. The scene in which Stevenson first comes to Kazuhiro with staff complaints fully reflects the Japanese approach to the conflict in the workplace. Kazuhiro responds to complaints from Stevenson "I understand what you're saying," but will not give up his request out loud. Stevenson distorts it as consent, and leaves saying, "Okay, we got that settled." (It is still a problem Sino-US business relations in the 21st century) <br /> <br /> ultimately, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: get the plant running smoothly, achievement of production goals and fulfill its responsibilities to workers under them. in working towards this goal, each of them should take a page from the book of the other. Kazuhiro family is becoming increasingly "Americanized" is a good example also note that Stevenson thinks it strange if Kazuhiro explains how he had to make a public apology for the failure of his employees their -. And yet, end of the film, Stevenson does exactly what he <br /> <br /> the plot. and its resolution cornball bit, but hey, it's a comedy. If you can overlook the shortcomings of the film, there is a great story about self-realization and openness here.
