Many ignore that this is not just a classic due to the fact that this is the first 3D game, or even the first strelyatem up. It is also one of the first stealth game, one of the few (and certainly the first one) really claustrophobic games, and just a very well-rounded game experience as a whole. With graphics that are very dated today, the game pushes you in the role of B.J. (Do not even think * * I will try spelling his name!), American prisoners of war captured in an underground bunker. You fight and find their way through the tunnels for different purposes, for six episodes (but, let's face it, most of them are just an excuse to give you weapons, surround you with the Nazis and send you to spend one of the Nazi leaders). Graphics, as I mentioned earlier, is quite dated and very simple. The least depth with virtually any 3D games released by a professional team of creators. If you can get over it, however (and some of them believe that this simplicity only adds to the effect of the game is to you), then you have one bracket / sneak play a good shooter. The game consists of a key search, health and ammunition, explosives enemies (above the Nazis, and the "enemy boss" of the chapter) of varying degrees of difficulty (which, of course, increases as you move on in the game), opening the door and looking for secret rooms. There calculation of bonuses after each level has ... it is how fast you were (mostly when you beat a "nominal time", which is the time it took for the tester to go through the same level as It can be very interesting to try and beat him, and how difficult level to find their way in, they even difficult after many game walk-through) as the Nazi gold (the treasure) you have collected and how many bad guys you killed. In principle, if you have 100% of any of the above, you get a bonus to help you achieve the desired high placements score. The game (mostly, but not always) allows two contrastingly different playback methods for secretly ... or shot anything and everything that you see. you can run or walk, and among your weapon as a knife ... running is heard instantly the moment you enter a room with a security guard, both in rely. Many guards found his back turned to you, but it means that you can walk behind them and stab them ... almost silently. In your inventory, you can get at least four types of weapons and two key ... a little later weapons. Keys to unlock certain doors. Most of the doors are not closed in a game ... only two mind need the keys, these keys are entered only in the later levels (level restart, discharge weapons, health, and life assessment in each part). Most of the later games are to look for them. Now, as I mentioned earlier, this game, like many of the period (in the late 80's, early 90's), based on the collection of additional lives ... I personally think that it is entirely useless (just down condescendingly here at the end ... I think (?), from further 3D-shooter and later), so you can save any time you want, and "using life" drop weapons, health and ammo, like starting a new the head (which is a real pain in the later levels, where you * must * harder artillery). Now, I will not beat around the bush no longer ... go to tools! You start with the aforementioned knife (which is silent but effective only close) and a pistol ... nothing special, but good for the preservation of ammunition, unlike the next two bad boys. Your weapon is the third German SMG ... sub-machine gun. It quickly and automatically, and some more recent enemies use it. And finally ... not that other, as the Gatling gun! Oh yeah! Think T2. Think Predator. Think of unloading huge amount of lead in the Nazi threw with a gun. It is every bit as entertaining as it sounds. Most boss enemies to use it, though, so be prepared. I will not disclose the identity of the enemy boss, but ... it is for each player to open for him (or her) own. The sound is great ... really clear and realistic. As you hear the tear of machine-gun fire, the deafening metallic roar of the door slamming shut behind you or Nazi yelling surprised or warning in the German language, you really feel like you're there, enclosed in these dark and oppressive systems bunker, It spills over, I am pleased at the level design. .. as you run through seemingly countless, almost identical corridors toward the next lift will lead you on, you Exciting claustrophobic mood. I almost rocking more than ever (though it may also have something to do with little sleep, a lot of moisture and unusual heat ...) from the game. Although the level of detail is not very high, there is a lot. The remains of the victims, a quarter of the guards and countless Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also has quite a bit of gore ... because it is limited to the graphics engine, John Romero and his team, of course, put in all the blood and guts that they can for the game. What is there left to say ... the first of its kind, and it is not surprising that it has spawned countless other 3D-shooters. Of course, the weapon bouncing and different height levels (ladders and such) did not come around until the next entry in the genre Death ... ... and it was Duke Nukem 3D, which introduced the switching function of its kind (as he goes for a left and right adding vertical dimensions to it), and jumping did not come around until the third, after the title (the first Quake, perhaps? Satellites gamers, help me out here) ... but all these games, as well as the rest of the genre, it owes its existence. So download Luger, open the door to enter the bunker and step B.J. shoes ... he deserves to be recognized, even (or maybe even especially?) Almost fifteen years after it first appeared. I recommend it for all fans of 3D-games. 8/10
