Eric Stoltz provides extraordinary performance as Joel Garcia, a successful young novelist, who was paralyzed and in a special hospital for the newly disabled after neck fracture in a pedestrian accident. While learning how to cope and adjust to the severity of his new limited physical condition Joel friendly spot, fast-talking, charming womanizer Raymond (strange Wesley Snipes) and boorish, surly, racist biker Bloss (stunning William Forsythe), who feel threatened by diverse multinational array of other patients he is forced to share a room with. Joel also receives significant support from his loyal and loving, but married girlfriend Anne (radiantly playing Helen Hunt). But he still has to come to an agreement with the disabled themselves. <br /> <br /> key triumph of this great film is its flattering stubborn unwillingness or disinfected nor sentimental seriousness of what these people are going through. Directed by Neal Jimenez (who also wrote a thoughtful and insightful script) and Micheal Steinberg associate history with exceptional taste, wit and warmth, in particular, addressing with disarming frankness and any factness, as a future disabled irreversibly change their way of life, including and especially your sex life (this point most powerfully made in a bizarre sequence where Joel and Anna try not to make love in a motel room). Also expected sharpness film further provides a surprising surplus crude maliciously funny, earthy humor, which is isolated in the chaotic sequence and Joel Bloss makes secret night expedition strip club. Uniformly superb acting qualifies as another important advantage: Stolz, Snipes, Forsyth and Hunt all outstanding, with the support of Grace Zabriskie released the lineup as a caring, polite Blossom mother and Elizabeth Pena, and William Allen Young as sympathetic nurses. Despite the grim subject, the film eventually turns out to be very moving, positive mood and elevates the cinematic shows the amazing strength and durability of the human spirit. Just a great little gem of drama.
