This film has never received due attention, although it is one of the best parts of the action of the ensemble, and one of the most realistic stories that I saw on the screen. Clearly, shot on a small budget in real VA Hospital History Center Joel is very well played by Eric Stoltz. Joel was paralyzed as a result of a motorcycle accident, and comes to the hospital, in a ward with other people who have spinal cord injuries. Joel is in love with Anna, his married lover, played by Helen Hunt, which shows the first signs of its future academy award-winning work. <br /> <br /> While Joel-Anna relationship is the main focus, there are many other well-developed characters in the House. Wesley Snipes does a great job as an angry Raymond. Even more impressive is William Forsythe as a bitter and racist Bloss. I think that the two best scenes Forsythe is when he becomes frustrated and angry at the square dancers, and then, when he feels compassion for the young Korean man who was shot in a liquor store hold. My favorite scene from Snipes appears in the round table of posttraumatic sexual possibilities. <br /> <br /> chemistry between Stoltz and Hunt is very strong, and they have two very close, but not gratuitous, sexual scenes. Orgasm in the House at the same time sexy and funny. There is also another memorable episode where Joel and Bloss and Korean boy take a specially equipped van to the strip bar. It's really a comedy of errors as they make their feeble attempts to get the van going to see "naked ladies". <br /> <br /> The story even more poignant by the fact that the director Neal Jimenez, paralyzed in real life. This is mainly its history. This film is a real, rather than glossy or showy. In order to have a number of talents in the film such a small budget is amazing. I recommend this film to everyone I see, because it's one of those movies that even improves on second glance. It's a shame that such a great piece of work, is overlooked, but through the video, perhaps it can attract the attention of so richly deserves.
