At first glance, this film looks like Kiefer Sutherland series 24 for the big screen. With an emphasis on conspiracy to murder US presidential race on time, and a lot of Secret Service agents, an agency in the spotlight Sentinel. <br /> <br /> But wait, the protagonist turns to be the Michael Douglas character, Pete Garrison instead, a veteran Secret Service agent is famed for taking a bullet for Reagan in 1981, SS agents specially trained to "take a bullet", which is what makes them special - one in the right mind to put himself in the line of bullets and targets? But Harrison gets involved in a conspiracy to murder and must flee for their lives, while at the same time makes it a little bit of research into the story. All this is because of its refusal to test on a polygraph, because of his adulterous knock the First Lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are shades of Clint Eastwood in the line of fire. Both are signs of aging actors and aging veteran was the hero with a few historical information, took a bullet in their tours of duty. While the film Eastwood has a mysterious villain John Malkovich, The Guardian has suffered from its lack of a strong central villain, preferring to share the responsibility of murder among many villains forget ex-KGB, and the mole inside the presidential detail. With Douglas on the run from the law, it becomes like a Dr. Richard Kimble fugitive hunting proverbial one-armed at the same time, relying on the smarts to outwit his fellow agents, which proved to be quite interesting to watch. - despite the slippery process, it still comes down to the performance of individual agents and credulity <br /> <br /> Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, today's top TV stars from 24 and Desperate Housewives, get demoted to a supporting role as the investigators secret service, who are looking into the possible involvement of Harrison in the conspiracy to murder, and it sometimes seems, lept from the CSI pages are forensics skills. Beautiful couple was chemistry, which could remind X-Files' Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, but unfortunately, these two had very little to do here. We know the reason why they are in the movie, and that's to get their fans in the cinema. In addition, the role of Longoria did not seem to be able to get rid of her sexy-mama Gabriel and here is its in a fairly low blouses cut (Sutherland actually tells her to hide) and tight pants (OGLE-festival for agents colleagues). <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it's still pretty interesting look at life, probably the most intense multiply and protect parts of the world, as well as common threats that they face on a daily basis, including the following on each threat psycho on the lives of the most powerful man in the world. It is worthy of the unknown and an investigation thriller, with enough plot to keep you entertained. But one thing, though, like most action sequences ending, this one has a large enough gap for flying Airbus later.
