Charles McDougall resume includes directing episodes on "Sex and the City," "Desperate Housewives," Close friends »,« Big Love "," The Office "and so on, so it comes with all the credentials, to make a film version of the TV novel Meg Vulitser SURRENDER, DOROTHY in success. And for the most part he manages to keep this potentially juicy story about a loved one's sudden death, and the way in which people react to her life afloat. <br /> <br /> Sara (Alexa Davalos), a beautiful unmarried young woman accompanied by her best friends - gay playwright Adam (Tom Everett Scott), the current squeeze Adam Sean (Chris Pine), and a couple Maddie (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) and his young son - in a house in the Hamptons for the summer holidays. The group seems to hilarious trip to the local ice creamery Adam and Sarah) leads to a car accident that kills Sarah. At the same time, Sarah's mother Natalie Swedlow (Diane Keaton), who has an active social life, but compulsively calls here daughter constantly with mutual greetings "Surrender, Dorothy, played by it elsewhere, when she receives a phone call that Sarah died, she immediately it comes to the Hamptons, where her overbearing personality and mountain creates friction between friends Sarah. Natalie Slowly but surely reveals secrets about each of them, a prosperous talking about Sarah, as if it will bring it to life. thirst Natalie the truth under all results spending in major changes in the environment group, and connects only through love for the departed Sara, they all eventually come together. <br /> <br /> Diane Keaton at its best in these roles walking thread between drama and comedy, and its presence keeps . history together script has its moments of good lines, but it also has a lot of filler, it becomes a little heavy and surly make the actor is clearly uncomfortable with the lines they are given Yes, this story has been told many times -. the impact of the sudden death of the lives of those whose confidentiality disclosure changed - but the film moves twice m with a cast rate and has enough real fun to make it worth watching. grady Harp
