Author «Nekromantik», the second feature film Jörg Buttgereit, in "The King's death" is a powerful masterpiece. Centered around a chain letter, what happens to a group called "Brotherhood of the 7th day", the film shows the 7 episodes, each of which consists of one day for one week, where suicide is trying to solve with the help of various characters and situations, all while the letter makes it rounds. Do not touch it, if you like movies or musicals, enjoy a happy or even remotely "normal" movies, or expect, the film is only good if it is focused on the scene of action. <br /> <br /> nihilistic avant-garde approach is well King's death explains why Buttgereit movies in general, have been banned in Germany, their home country of origin, during the 80s, and most of the 90s. King's death is not very focused on the characters that appear on the screen but meaningless life of apathy or depression, most people consists of a whole. Buttgereit finds no reason to live, just a reason to stop, and in the choice of how and when you die, you can be the king's death, the King's death. <br /> <br /> Buttgereit films are generally difficult to classify and King's death is no exception. Featuring the same crew and almost the same shade as all his other films, "a feature film," is likely to be closer description every time. King's death has an original method, to shoot, to create a mood and to cope with the focal point of almost every scene. During one scene, the camera slowly scrolls continuously in a circle of 360 degrees, while the person lives in a small one-room apartment on the day. In another, Buttgereit uses sound and film against corruption, to reflect the falling person's mental state, while he lives in his despair. During the third, seemingly pleasant scene names, ages and professions of real people who have committed suicide, as shown on the screen, supposedly to guarantee the ban in Germany for this particular movie. <br /> <br /> The episode film (especially one as scenes are only distantly related) usually suffer from inconsistencies and King's death is no exception. While all of the episodes have the same focus, caused by the death, and that consequence or subsequence in all its variations, there is a very strong scenes, another episode or two may even seem like filler material, partially drained the total capacity of the film - nevertheless, the jaw-drop, very powerful intermission indicating decomposed body manage to keep the film together and cleanse it from its more uncertain moments ago to the status of greatness. The general atmosphere of confused, causing fear, very sad, and sometimes even disgusting. - so that dozens of people who stayed in the middle of the movie theater while pointing at the film festival, I participated in the <br /> <br /> This is one film that really leaves a lasting impression, and I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a very special experience and the fact that they certainly remembered in the years to come. Not recommended for the faint of heart or amateurs show time, it is a small, different film that really causes feelings of the audience. Whether it's confusion, surprise, or even hate, you are likely to remain cool this is, in my opinion, the best achievement of this small indie team. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the film is not, «Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer part I-III» was released in a limited 666-piece 8 "vinyl, which is currently in high demand. You can still get the classic masterpiece received "the Nekromantik" CD soundtrack, which I highly recommend. LO-Fi synthesizer music in the film is dark and quirky, almost illbient type, is an essential part of the film's atmosphere, and it's something that you would be very, very rare to hear otherwise. Many recommended!
