"As with the first touch of pleasure and guilt, as a spontaneous youthful flirting fascination and fear, as the climax of opposite emotions," said one of the fans of the movie after seeing the love in the upper part, with a misinterpreted version of the title LE stylish director Michel Deville Mouton enrage. <br /> <br /> Canby in the New York Times, however, only after the 1974 premiere of the film, he said: "Love on top, which opened yesterday at the 68th Street Playhouse, is a 1973 French comedy that vaguely remembers the number of the nineteen-fifties, the British comedy about the growth and improvement of cynical young people with ?? and have ?? ambition ". However, a significant difference, he referred to the fact that love is at the top does not concern the English class system ... (January 27, 1975) <br /> <br /> Leaving the assessment of individuals, of course, made the test of time his only job. What can be said with certainty, after more than 30 years it is that we can hardly find films such as LE Mouton enrage where decadence seems innocent enough, where there are contact persons youthful captured, where feelings occur so manipulative. <br /> <br /> For those who like Romy Schneider, it seems unnecessary to point out that this movie is a must see, not only because it provides a unique performance (as it is in all his roles) at the zenith of her car 'EPA (9 years before her sudden death), but because it is especially attractive. Nha Trio Infernal, where, so to speak, "fled" from the abuse and sweet image of Romy in pursuing for many years saccharin Sissi meets his most confused expression, but the film, where a brilliant actress gets a fair role. She plays Roberte, a woman who becomes the object of desire for a story lead, playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean-Louis Trintignant). It is he who takes a financial profit from lustful relationships. The film boasts a truly memorable and unique shots Romy and she gets some of her best scenes. sexy Romi is memorable here. <br /> <br /> Another strong point of the film is its execution content with the development of individual perception. Immoral as it may seem, the director makes perfect use of contrast: Convention against pleasure, innocence against decadence, this lust against the instrumental case. Nicola has most of the functions that the audience can like it or resent it may be attractive or repulsive; Nevertheless, it those features, the audience should be taken seriously, more to say, that they are the ones that we all must take. Therefore, one summed up to a distinctive, mildly wild, erotic to the unique world of the protagonist. Despite the fact that he slept with lots of women, there are two women, who represent a kind of opposite worlds to Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paule (Jane Birkin). He manipulates them, making love to them, can not resist the desire to both their bodies and their desire for money; Nevertheless, he sees them differently. However, despite all this "adult maturity," he emotionally like a little boy who plays with a toy car on a table - a kind of "detailed understanding of the male mind ..." in the comedy as a way to the course. <br /> <br /> And finally, there is a very good performances, making LE Mouton enrage slightly undervalued. Moreover, the aforementioned Romy Schneider does a brilliant job of providing the viewer with an unusual insight into the role, but the young Jane Birkin seem convincing in the role of a young, inexperienced prostitute Marie Paul, Jean-Louis Trintignant, allowing you to see Nicola in the right way. This artistic merit, which lie in the performances comes with stunning music by Camille Saint-Saens, tunes that will ring in my ears for a long time. Therefore, except for some shortcomings of the film, as a dated color, slow action (sometimes) possible clichés (seen by some viewers), merit to be found significant. <br /> <br /> LE Mouton enrage, in general, is a clear manifestation of the opposite manipulation tools in life. It is worth seeing, as a moment in the career of Romy in, a prelude to the strong eroticism, the chain opposite emotions of love and hate, gratitude and disgust over the first orgasm and the first angasm ... But we, the people "audience" movie buffs built on such contrasts?
