I can not say too much about Kalifornia, as unfortunately I still have to actually see it all (I only had time to see it in bits and pieces to fuse.) But what I have seen is absolutely amazing! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I admit that not all of his early films good good. But this role, I was just, his acting great, his character Early seems so normal good good terrible, dark enough, but you know, normal for this type of hillbilly, I think. A performance of Juliette Lewis, although I can see how some might be annoyed by it, I think it's strange. Unfortunately, I still have to see the end, but from reading the other reviews here it sounds good, but disappointing. I must admit that I want David Duchovany-x (sorry if the spelling on that wrong) was a bit flat, but it was alright for him. the character of his wife was better, and I thought her performance, not the best in the film was pretty good, portrait / old style sister-garde. Especially the scene where Brian early and go play pool, and Adele and Carrie have their one-on-one time together. I watched this scene, at least twice now and I still think that the current in it just fine. One of the emotions that Adele that show after talking about raped by three guys and how she feels and Kerry Early reaction to it. All that I think it's just perfect. I mean, maybe it's because I can relate a little bit, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt, who plays a serial killer who we actually get to see at a time; I thought he was great. Some movies with Pete, who I saw were only average and not worth seeing. I do not think I've ever seen a horrible Pitt movie or if I have it is not because of his actions, it is, and other factors. This film was not one of them. It turned out that he had a great performance in Kalifornia. I swear, I'm not just some random, I like him for his actions, not only because it looks good, I mean, his character in this film is not exactly handsome or pretty by any means! Pete dark, thoughtful and downright scary sometimes. However, it is also fun, funny, kind, and even love in relation to Adel. Of course there are some places that made me want to reach through the TV and strangle him, but that's probably just me (and the character of Pete played in the film.) But it also shows how well the current Pete was in this film he made I forget that he plays the character, that is, what is good acting to do. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I would like to say more, but that's all I can say, having seen the end, I have seen most of the film due to the fact that I caught on the fuse and I m I'm writing this post on his film on the DVR, so hopefully I can write a full review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts about the film, I thought that something really cool and something that seems to have gotten lose sight (this should not be!)
