I saw «Kalifornia» before (must have been about 10 years ago), and I still remember being very impressed by it. That's why I wanted to see him again, and all I can say is that she still has not lost its force, despite the fact that I'm used to much more when it comes to movies than I was ten years ago. <, Br /> <br /> «Kalifornia» tells the story of a writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of stepping on the plains and flying right of the state in which they say that never goes rain, they decided to travel by car. He wants to write a book about the most famous serial killers of America, and it will make a suitable photo. But as their car uses a huge amount of gasoline, they decided to take another couple with them, so that they can spread the costs of the trip. Only one pair of said add-on, so that they will automatically be lucky. But they have not met each other yet, and seeing another couple for the first time when their journey has already begun, of Carrie in shock. Without wishing to be damaged, it can only be concluded that the early Grayce and Adele Corners poor white trash trailer park. This idea does not want them in his car, but Brian does not mind to take them with him and decides to stop and pick them up anyway. First, a couple does not seem so bad after all, but gradually changes from Early Grayce poor mountaineer in a ruthless killer ... <br /> <br /> It is not only the story is very impressive is the acting out of four of our potential customers . Brad Pitt incredible as Early Grayce. His performance in this film may very well be his best ever. The same goes for Juliette Lewis. She plays the naive child, and her friend, who does not want to hear a bad word about its beginning and does it really well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes is a surprise as well. They both did a very good job, and I really wonder why we had nothing from Forbes heard again, as this film because it actually turns out to have a lot of talent. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a very good and impressive psychological thriller with a very powerful story, but because of the graphic violence, I can imagine that it could not be any flavor (although I do not see another way, how to reflect a serial killer in a believable way). Personally, I liked this movie a lot and violence never bothered me (it's part of the story, that it is too important to be left). I award this film a 8/10.
