In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, another film that was not so popular among critics because of its excessive violence, but what I loved, Kalifornia is a film that is clearly attractive violence, but I like to think that it turns out that around in the final act. Kind of like how Diaries basketball attractive the drug in the first, but it shows the bad side until the end of the film, which is much worse than the good side of good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, art yuppies with more artistic yuppie girlfriend, who is this cruel sexual black and white photograph, usually reserved for, I do not know where the places where nudity passes for art. Maybe it really is, and I just do not understand. Anyway, Brian and Kerry (Spiritually and Michelle Forbes, who fits the role perfectly), make a perfect couple to go on a tour documentary known sites murder. Brian, writer, write a book, can take pictures of Carrie. <br /> <br /> As the artistic types, Brian and Kerry is not entirely financially prepared for such a trip, so they released an ad for one share of gas and transportation costs, as well as contact with the early and Grace Adele Corners (Brad Pitt Juliette Lewis). The wound on parole and is a cleaner work at the local university for his parole officer sees an ad on the bulletin board, and decides to leave the state for some time, having broken his parole, but also to leave the stage the murder of his master, so that he will not have to deal with pesky murder investigation. Two birds with one stone, you know. <br /> <br /> film has an interesting ability to reflect two stereotypes, flatulent yuppie ~ d and thick trash trailer, without the pad, or even end up with any type cartoons, and Kerry, Brian are liberal flatulent, but while Kerry catches in the early and Adele, Brian fascinated early status as a pariah, as can be seen in the scene where Brian shoots a gun in early. Never having been fired a gun before he was fascinated as a child. While Adele and Carrie returned to the hotel and Adele reveals such things in his childhood, as well as the fact that at the beginning of "broke" smoking, and that she had no right to drink (Early does not think women should be), early and Brian are a local bar. Brian nervously reacts to booze is trying to start a fight with him, and at the beginning of the first give advice to Brian about what to do, and then moves and dish out a quick tutorial for a guy. "Hit it, Bree, is the forest." This is one of my favorite scenes in the film, partly because it's so funny that early gleefully said as friends Man distract him, bloodied and battered, but also because, as Box with the girls back to the hotel, we learn so many things at once on two pairs, their differences and conflicts that can come from behind them. And besides, because Brian has benefited from early action and Kerry shocked by what she hears from Adele, it also illustrates another way in which to react Kerry and Brian Early and Adele. <br /> <br /> It is obvious that at the moment, you can say that this is not your typical odd couple-type thriller, where the city people to flee the country folk, and all kinds of stereotypical mess worth it. On the one hand, it seems a little too convenient that Brian and Carrie go on a tour of the killing sites and just like that, to be accompanied by a real life killer, but on the other hand, is a great way to counter the glorification of murder, which is inherent in cross-country trip to glorify killers and their crimes. In studying the action of the last killers, Brian and Kerry eventually find yourself face to face with the very material they are learning, and realize that killing is not so good, or pathological fascinating, if it is in your face, as it is through the disabled kills studies past. <br /> <br /> I am constantly amazed at the versatility of Brad Pitt as an actor. Consider, for example, his roles in such films as Kalifornia, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club and Ocean's 11 and 12. Pete, like Tom Hanks in that it can change its appearance dramatically or simply to match the character and it is plausible way, I tried in vain to be Early Grace on Halloween this year, but just could not get the right hair and beard. I even got the right hat, which I initially thought would be the hardest part. <br /> <br /> It is easy to see why many people do not like Kalifornia or why they think it glorifies violence and murder, but I think that anything that glorifies this is done in order to clarify understanding of the audience of his subject. The film, which does not glorify violence, at least initially, can never be as effective as Kalifornia, but the movie is fine structure. Glorification is all embodied in the charm of Brian and Kerry with the murder of the idea and the aura of places where there have been, but their implementation, and ours, is embodied in real things, they are faced with an early and Adele. The very purpose of the film is to describe the difference between the idealized violence and horror of seeing it up close and real.
