While I am grateful to this obscure gem 70s Italian exploitation cinema features in the recently released box set of "Grindhouse Experience», and, although it is also available on the disc under the misleading and stupid alternative called "Escape from Death Row», I sincerely think that this deserves a proper and luxurious DVD-edition, fully into it initially with a common language subtitle options (dubbing is really terrible), the reconstructed image quality trucks and special bonuses! Hell, I do not even need the restored image quality and bonuses, if only we could watch a movie in the original language. "Average Tony Frank and Crazy" is a fun rapid mafia / crime movie with a lot of violence, comedy (which, however, does not always work), female beauty and ingenious two protagonists. Tony Lo Bianco is terrific as the little gangster pretending Don biggest city. If the real crime lord Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in town, he sees an opportunity to climb up the stairs, offering their services. Frankie initially ignores the little crook, but they eventually form a team of unlikely, when the entire criminal empire Frankie turns against him, and a new French criminal mind even murder the innocent brother Frankie. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and together they go to Marseille to get revenge on Frankie. The scenario that is unfortunately neglected gem crime changes Funnily rough action & suspense with frivolous comedy bits as grotesque a car chase through the narrow mountain roads of the French, for example. Accumulation in the direction of the typical mafia execution sequences (excellent guided by Riz Ortolani) very busy and the actual killings were sadistic and merciless, which is probably why the film is considered a classic than Grindhouse. The film has a strong female role, how beautiful and surprisingly sensual beauty Edwige Fenech, unfortunately, only appears in a couple of scenes, and then another in the background. On the men behind the camera, is responsible for a great film, there was no less than Joe DAmato. Great film, it is strongly recommended to fans of the Italian operation, and I hope to watch it again in the near future, in its original version.
