I've never heard of Leos Carax, while his Merde segment in recent years, Tokyo, and it was easy to stand out from the three stories of the film. It was not my favorite shorts, but it was the most unique and the most iconic. "Lovers on the Bridge" was the first of his full-length feature I saw virtuoso romantic film, which uses an image and music to communicate in an exuberant young love that is poured into the poetic. Although it is classified as neo-the Nouvelle fashion, his films are required, how many silent movies as 60 experimental narratives. His films are closer to Jean Vigo «L'Atlante», Jean Cocteau, and Guy Maddin, than Godard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> In 1984, Boy Meets Girl debut Carax, he uses black and white and a strong dependence on the visual representation to display emotional states. It combines the worlds of Maddin exaggerated, but it is based in a reality that never seems quite stable as Cocteau, but because of his expression becomes more accessible, emotional and engaging as Vigo movies. <br /> <br /> The boy meets girl story is simple and similar to the following two films Carax containing this "young lover" trilogy. A boy named Alex plays Denis Lavant (who plays a character named Alex in the next two films in Carax), I have just been thrown his girlfriend, who fell in love with his best friend. In the first stage, he almost kills his friend on the boardwalk, but does not extend to murder. He walks around reminded of it by the sounds of their neighbors having sex, and dreams of his girlfriend and best friend to get intimate. He steals the record for her and leaves them in a friend's apartment, but avoids contact with any of them directly. He wanders around and finds its way to the party, where he meets a suicidal young woman, and the film becomes part of the "Breathless" and part of "the Limelight". <br /> <br /> Later, he said, the old man with the sign language to "speak for themselves ... young people today It's like they forgot how to speak." Old anecdote gives the work in the days of silent film, and as an actor with the timid scene became confident "lion", when in front of the camera. Heres where the movie tips its hand, but an open link to the silent film is one of the most important scenes, as it covers the film style (silent and expressionist), with the content (and in love young people trying to work up the courage to say and do what he really want to). Although Alex pensive at first, and a torrent of romantic words fell from him in the end, he is a shy actor who becomes a lion because of an increase in its films into the feelings, not easy to come by from moment to moment, apart from the desire to fall in love. <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the film where Alex retreats from the party room where guests hid their baby and the baby, all cried in chorus that fills the room, until it is on the tape children's show makes them silenced . Suddenly, because of a glitch TV stops playing secret chamber bathroom, which opens the mistress weeping to her in her wig whom she misses. Even Carax is a self-reflexive and self condemnation of the very tight originally covered age tale, he is trying to say (a room full of whining child), it is enough to see through the initial irony in love with everything in the film crosses. Even the old rich, ringing of the ball has a brother she misses. In another scene, a former astronaut looking at months, he once walked in his youth, while sipping a cocktail in peace. <br /> <br /> Although the films are required to radio stations, Carax is a master of music, knowing when a pipe in the dead Kennedy's "Holiday in Cambodia" and David Bowie's early songs, the sounds of a man playing the piano, or the girl quietly humming. <br /> <br /> in Boy Meets Girl, when someone gets their heart broken we see the blood pouring out of their shirts when the couple kiss on the sidewalk they rotate 360 ​​degrees as if attached to the carousel, when Alex comes in hand feeling irrelevant, because its most interesting people in the world are actually in attendance; as a famous author who can not speak because of a bullet lodged in his brain, and Miss Universe 1950, which stands right in front of an astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry, and Wes Anderson, whose stylistic curls and whimsical tales of a whim, all have parallels with different visual effects, music and emotional signals in these films Carax. <br /> <br /> Each line of dialogue, every piece of music, and each effect and editing in this film resonates with me on some emotional level, some I do not have the words to articulate. There are many stories about the boy talks to a woman, and not just to explore the banal details of any particular event, this film captures the ecstatic truth adolescent passion and frustration. Other movies you want to watch can wait. See this is the first. If I make films, I would like them to be as it is, in fact, I wish that all movies were like this, where the ephemeral becomes larger than life, and life itself becomes a dream.
