WWE has produced some of the worst pay-per-views in its history over the past few months. Cyber ​​Monday, Survivor Series and December divide were terrible, to say the least, so he hoped his brand B show Smackdown! try to finish the year on a high note. Armageddon were two main gimmick matches in the last drive and the Inferno match, three championships were on the line and the exciting main event in the form of a tag team war with the image of Batista and John Cena vs. King Booker and Finlay. Nevertheless, it was an amendment to one of the matches of the championship, which brought us not only a night match, but now the match of the year candidate, if Teddy Long gave us a fan of an early Christmas present. T-Lo changed the WWE Tag Team Championship match against champions, London and Kendrick opposed to Regal and Taylor Ladder match in four teams, including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I will not dwell on this game too much, I can not say anything, will be able to do it justice. It must be seen to be believed. There were a lot of high spots and much more severe shock and awkward landings. One step I have to say, however, was the one who took Joey Mercury straight midway through the first aid competition. Jeff Hardy jumped on the ladder, which was set up in a position to see the saw Matt Hardy holding both of MNM member on the other end to take full effect. Unfortunately, for Mercury, he did not get his hands to protect his face and took the stairs at full strength in the nose and left eye. It was reprehensible. His face was a mess instantly for all to see, and not surprisingly, it's over Mercury's night early. Later we learned that he broke his nose and cuts under his left eye. Keep in mind. It is not for the faint of heart. The ending to this rollercoaster match came after the London Polo turned to capture both championships zone to win. I watched the fight for nearly 15 years, and it does not get better than this match. Incredible. <br /> <br /> The night is only open 4 ever Inferno match. Kane took the MVP in a good match, but it was all the visual and does not really about the action. There were a few hair with the flame for both competitors, but in the end, it was Kane who made MVP on fire after they were both out of the ring. MVP ran around the ring while his butt on fire and was sick part of me that was laughing watching it. May I suggest to Michael Hayes, that MVP comes out next week on Smackdown! Johnny Cash in the ring of fire. <br /> <br /> Another trick of the night match, and the second match of a triple main event was everything from the war last ride match between Mr. Kennedy and the undertaker. It was a tough match from start to finish, and was the best of the series and the undertaker Kennedy had yet. Used poles, chairs and one scene was the undertaker thrown 15 feet from Armageddon, established that it was suppose to be a concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was plain to see that it was not nothing but a mat and the crowd of the accident did not pop for it. The ending came after a chokeslam Kennedy dead man on top of the hearse quickly followed match winning tombstone. <br /> <br /> In other notable comes from the card. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero by filing another tough game. It was a very good fight with Benoit hitting 8 German suplexes on the FAQ at the same time. Benoit is also considering whether to put Vickie Guerrero in a sniper or not. Fortunately, he came to his senses and let it go. This led to a FAQ trying to roll up only in order to withstand in the sniper to represent. <br /> <br /> Another cracking game on the map was the championship contest between heavy long-champion in WWE, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. Thanks to a lot of high-flying and dangerous places, some of which took place outside the ring, it was a match far more deserving of a response of the crowd, than what he got. JBL put it best when he scolded believer in Richmond, Virginia for sitting on their hands during this, and at some point even started a sad melody. Helms took the Duke after the maneuver type Jawbreaker knees to Smackdowns! resident cattle. <br /> <br /> The Boogeyman pinned Miz in a futile game. I hate Boogeyman enthusiastically. Only should we listen to talk JBL, of Mize. JBL comedy gold. <br /> <br /> The last match of the night was the main event number 3. World Heavyweight Champion, Batista, and WWE Champion John Cena teamed up to take on Finlay and Champion of Champions, King Booker, there was no way, match could exceed the Tag Team Championship match with before, but he had no less. The match would have been more memorable if given an extra five or ten minutes, but how many times I said that about the WWE matches this year already. It was King Booker, who was pressed at the end of the game, after a large Batistabomb. <br /> <br /> So 2006 ended for the WWE relation to its pay-per-view graphics. He started the year on a terrible note with a New Year's Revolution, but in the end one of the high-Armageddon. This match Stairs will long be remembered as one of the greatest ladder matches of all time. May his hat off all eight competitors, but their bodies on the line to give the fans one hell of a match.
