What happens when the average Joe discovers he has supernatural powers? The room may seem familiar. Watchmen? Unbreakable? Nevertheless, the Russian sci-fi action flick, Swordsman, far from the standard stock. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a man named Sasha, who as a boy was shunned from society, his colleagues and families because of the supernatural power that he has. If he wants to, or allows his anger, the sword extends his hands piercing his skin. Very wolverinish? Maybe ... but that's not the interesting part of this movie. Avoid all my life and moving with anger (and the character he has), our "hero" returns to his hometown to change their lives or to find the cause. The only thing that he encounters trouble here, if the meeting with a new boyfriend, the old flame leaves him bloodied on the ground. This is where revenge and anger comes into play. This man whom you do not want to cross, and from this point of the mafia and the police are on his tail. He meets a girl and falls in love instantly as she does, and that's really what the film is about. <br /> <br /> The film is highly impressionistic with bright colors and film noir overtones spliced ​​with short sequences of more extreme action. This arthouse basically, beautifully shot with such attention to detail in every scene of the worst sci-fi action. It is an odd medley that interests me so much in this movie. Director of the approach to this genre refreshing focusing on the emotional journey of Sasha, not a straight action movie. Do not worry though, there is action and lots of it. However, most of these sequences show only evident violence with images of monstrous consequences. This does not mean that the action is entirely specified. These scenes here and fantastic (especially the ending, where we see all the powers unleashed by Sasha in despair). The director chooses violence involves many of the scenes to keep the focus on the emotional struggle of the character at hand. This is a tragic love story and a refreshing entry into the genre.
