GOOD. I admit. I'm one of those geeks who have spent many hours with all my favorite DVD-player and my wonderful watch TV science fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first date space, and since then I switched partners regularly. I seen'em all, it seems, and my favorite «Lexx», «Farscape» and the new «Battlestar Galactica», in other words: the newest, modern space opera. But, I have a total crush on the old-fashioned experiments, the cheap ones like the magnificent four seasoned BBC show «Blakes7». There budgets less than hobbits, special effects, appears to be made on the Commodore 64, but who cares when the scripts are sharp and intelligently written with black humor, the current serious and sometimes even high class? <, Br /> <br /> But why do they always say in English in the space of the future? Because it is not the future, it is fantastic for the kids. Nevertheless, it can be annoying at times. I, being Norwegian, often cursed the terrible fact that one never makes a series of genre, like science fiction, Scandinavian viewers. I never thought that this could happen. But it is, in fact, once, and even in his own country, Norway. I was two years old when the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (TV theater section) of our national public channel NRK produced this episode three versions Blindpassasjer (stowaway). <br /> <br /> When I first heard about it, I was not surprised by the fact that to this day, the show was not only screened once in Norway, making it impossible for me to actually see. He went to the Swedish, Danish and Finnish TV also, at this time, but it was a long time ago. There was not a single video or a DVD-release of this, it is not surprising, either, and when it was shown at the Art Home Theater, it was in Bergen, a city far away from Oslo (where I live). And then there is another fact about «Blindpassasjer», that did not surprise me that it was written by two Norwegian authors Top Up Bringsvrd and Jon Bing (Bing and Bringsværd). The duo mainly introduced SciFi genre to Norwegians in the seventies; they published anthologies and wrote what they called the prose tales. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two authors, and wrote a number of large and entertaining novels, even masterpieces, some of them are funny, such as "Fair" and «Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost». None other than this guy, is also recognized as a playwright, could not build script «Blindpassasjer». <br /> <br /> When I finally got to watch, it was because strange Swede, who recorded three episodes on the VCR in the '80s, in the end managed to turn it into a DVD and give it to me. He was a good guy. So I sat down and watched it, with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scrapes and errors; but it came later, and I was surprised that I eventually fell in love with it. <br /> <br /> exterior scenes with spaceships and planets better than those Blakes7, and merit CAPRINO studio (which made famous Flåklypa Grand Prix), and the interior of Marco Polo (spacecraft) works better than I expected. Actions tend to be theatrical, but it works better than when they play Ibsen, to put it mildly, and Byrne floebergs has a role solidly, as does Trini Lund. Legendary actress Henny Moan delivers her line of serious and laid back tone that corresponds to the genre, but it is the ensemble of the game and I am happy to say that Ole B. Johansson has his mustache with the nobility, and Marit Østbye is really hot space chic my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it really good? Well, one would have to swallow a rather abrupt ending, pretentious criticism of "modern society", but yes, it is, well, in fact, not very fantastic, but charming, cool, nostalgic and enjoyable. One and a half hours of classic Norwegian the SciFi.
