Sur Tez Levres or READ my lips great little thriller, which also examines the life of "outsiders", people living on the periphery of our vision, who are struggling with the need to "fit in." Directed by Jacques Audiard and co Benakvista to create a tense, tight, completely entertaining little thriller that makes some important statements about the standards of the people and their lives. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is a simple Jane, mostly deaf, thirty-something unnoticed by the company secretary, whose life is one of the social and sexual isolation and whose vision of the future is quite gloomy. Enter Paul (Vincent Cassel) recently released ex-Con, responsible parole on the ad to be an assistant of Carla. There is a mutual physical repulsion at the first meeting: Carla was hoping for a well-groomed, a noble man who could fulfill their fantasies and Paul is a rough, unkempt untidy guy who does not strike as a clerk. Their concept of change rather quickly when Paul utilizes the work of Karl, filling her request to steal the letter, which will cost her her job, and Paul finds lip reading Karl abilities, which he sees as a way to spy on the criminal from his past that threatens his life money owed. So this strange pair of teams to join forces and together enter into a dangerous suspense filled ploy to get the security and freedom of Paul. Relationship complete turns and suspense edge of the seat with each of these unlikely characters who perform their role in life that fill the cracks in the walls of isolation in a strange way. <br /> <br /> Deva Cassel deliver bravura performance as the rest of the cast is uniformly strong. Once again, Alexandre Desplat released musical score, which amplifies the voltage and filmmaker Mathieu Vadepid find all the right lighting and angles to offer the worlds of isolation the characters, as well as a sense of Hitchcockian suspense. Director Audiard wisely manipulating factor that is both sensitive and transformative for the history: it shows us the difference between "hearing" world with and without hearing aids and this makes some powerful social commentary. This is a great film that remains in the ranks of the best of French film noir genre. Recommended. grady Harp
