Pixar has been a huge success over the years with a full-length CGI animated films, which they did. "A Bug's Life" was the second a whole bunch of features that they've done so far, is preceded by a full-length debut of the company, innovative "Toy Story", which was the first feature-length CGI film. I remember when the next one was heavily advertised at the time of its release in late 1990, but I've never seen him before in November 2006, I watched it twice this month, and more than three years later, I saw him at a third time. It never struck me as probably any other Pixar film I've ever seen, but after three views, I still believe that it is better than some of the movies that I've seen from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is home to a colony of ants. These ants are forced to collect food for the locust bands that come and take it every year. One of the members of the colony Flick, with a bad reputation inventor cause problems with his inventions, despite the fact that he did not want. One year, when the colony had just finished preparing the annual proposals Flick accidentally knocks him into the stream just before the horses come to get it! Grasshopper leader, Hopper decides to give them a second chance to collect food and cook it until the end of the season, but they will have to double their offer! Flick offers a royal colony council, that he goes and finds a "warrior bugs" to fight the locusts when they return. Princess Atta, the future Queen, let him go on this mission to ensure that he will not be around to cause problems while the colony is trying to collect food for the other proposal. The inventor finds errors group it deems the soldiers, but after he takes them back to Ant Island and entering them, he learns that in fact they are not warriors, but the circus bugs! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second feature Pixar never really surprised me can be characters. For me, none of them ever really stood out as much as they could, and in general, it seems a bit bland. Fortunately, however, it is not as «Shark Tale», a film with a very stupid and unpleasant lead character. "A Bug's Life" really is nice enough protagonist, one of which viewers will be able to cheer for. The story also seems a little fresh at times, but for the most part, it's good enough to keep the film at least moderately entertaining, and sometimes has some good suspense, especially later. Humor, like some other aspects of the film, not as good as it could be, but definitely funny moments, some of them involving Francis male ladybug, which is sometimes mistaken for a female. You can always count on great animation with Pixar, and animation in these efforts in them is no exception. For all this film has to offer, it can be a little frustrating when it comes to Pixar standards, but it is reasonable entertainment for the whole family.
