When viewing a bugs life for the first time in a long time, I could not help but see the comparison with Happy Feet in the past year. As for the storyline goes, they are very similar, an outcast to do what it can fit in the same time trying to be special. It just goes to show you how much better the film would be without the conclusion of liberal diatribes. Many people do not agree with me when I say that I really like the sophomore effort from Pixar. Of course, it is not possible to capture the splendor of Toy Story, no animation of this world. Nevertheless, the history of first-class and the characters have a great time with. With lots of laughter and moral center to boot, I could see this as much as the other classic studio. <br /> <br /> There is a lot about finding strength from within to conquer all odds here. Between our lead Flick need to keep his self-esteem, to save his colony, the colony need to open our eyes to a new way of life for the future, and the circus bugs finding that they are more than just mediocre sideshow freaks, all evolves for the better by the end of the history of beetle . Even the villain Hopper fully fleshed out and threatening the right reasons. He's not doing it to be mean, but instead realizes the fact that ants raspostranen than his 100 to 1. it should they be afraid of him, not to worry about them to know the truth. This is a very circle of life, but not one that can develop with age. <br /> <br /> If you think about animation, it's actually very good. Compared with Antz, competing film at the time, it is much more realistic and less cartoony. The water is beautiful as the foliage. You do not have to look much further than the ants eye to see how much detail went into production. Reflections and humidity, despite the smooth appearance, shows realism. All errors are finely processed, too. Flies in a crazy combination of creatures and recruited to save the ants never stinted on, whether it is for a small role or deployed more than one. In addition, in the city that we see in media skills. While Ant Island is good, it only outdoors. The city contains many bug debris doubling as buildings and clubs. This is a great show of humor and ingenuity to see that animators used to everything. With ice cube trays, as the circus stands, animal crackers box, like a circus wagon ?? with a complete nutrition guide on the side ?? and mad compilation boxes to create the Times Square billboards and facades, everything is done correctly. <, Br /> <br /> how much humor, you have to credit the acting talent of a great delivery and inspired choice of roles. Nobody can make a man of God is better than Dennis Leary with his caustic wit. I dare you to think that someone better. Our conclusions are too large to Dave foil as the Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, and the always-fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the film, but is central to the bloopers during the credits. So, A Bug's Life was the creator of Pixar's animated outtakes, a tradition that continues. With many jokes insincerity error permeated throughout, you also have to give props to the huge support cast. Full "these guys actors" are people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett, and at the end as the Heimlich Renft worm that bring the biggest laughs. <br /> <br /> In general, it may be the simple story brought to the screen by using Pixar's, the one who had to say in one form or another many times over the years, but it is inspired enough and fresh to deliver an enjoyable experience. There are happy moments, sad times, and even action games suspense scene with birds come join in the fun. Comes with a pair of my favorite characters Pixar, Tuck and Roll, there are not too many bad things that I can think of to say about it.
