Recently, I watched a lot of Tom Hanks movies and old Chaplin films and even some of the early performances Bean Rowan Atkinson, and it seems that they all have their own unique charm that permeates throughout their work that allows them to identify with viewers of all ages, so that just makes you feel good. A Bug's Life has the same charm, he has a connection to real life, which allows us to easily suspend disbelief and take a lot of insect speaking, because even if they say that they are still operating in the same way as a real error. It's like a team that made the film has found a way to lead us in the child's mind and allow us to think about how they are to imagine the mistakes as a young mind does. <br /> <br /> Honey, I Shrunk the kids were one of my favorite movies when I was younger, and I, A Bug's Life, as a more realistic version of the film, if only because the animation is so breathtaking and the style the story just opens so many more storytelling opportunities. I try not to compare it to something like Toy Story (which I still retain the best computer animated film ever made), because the story of the life of Flick is not quite as good as Toy Story, but then again, almost nothing there. The important thing is that it is still very fun. <br /> <br /> As for the history of the colony hardworking bugs that clearly developed society, mostly focused around the construction of food crops, most of which will go to the tyrannical horse, far superior in strength and general meanness, and hopefully still leave enough It left for error to make it through the winter. We were treated to some horses visits, which make it clear that if the errors give an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be dire. And by the way, the similarity between this paralyzes the level of food production is strikingly similar to /> begins the excitement of Mao's vicious discharge of food from their own people during the "Great Leap Forward" ?? <br /> <br if Flick, the protagonist, is sent on a quest to find a gang of warriors respective errors to come back and help defend the colony from grasshoppers. You can see that he had shed all the accumulated food and put all in great danger, so he feels that it is his duty, but he accidentally ends up hiring a fighting group insect circus performers. Great for the audience, not so great for the safety of the clan. <br /> <br /> The film was released in the late 90s, when so many films seem to come in twos, like Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and parish life Flick and Antz, etc. . . Comparisons life Flick and Antz inevitable, although it seems clear to me that Bug's Life is a far superior film, and not just because he's not the star of Woody Allen's stuttering and whining through the main role. This is a great family fun!
