Such joyful world was created for us in the life of Flick in the company Pixar; we are immersed in the universe, which can be documented only it's nice in the film, but more accurately the universe, which can be documented only in the world of animation. For those who have forgotten that the rich and exuberant world of animation has to offer ?? when he is in his right hand, that is ?? A Bug's Life is a warm reminder. We go out of the film with the same warm feeling and a sense of satisfaction derived only manufactures high-caliber film. <br /> <br /> This is only the second animated film studio Pixar. Subgroup Disney made its spectacular debut, and possibly completely unintentional trace in the world of cinema for three years until 1995, including a landmark film Toy Story. It was a film that challenged convention, reinvented and revitalized the animation and defined a new level of excellence. Now they are back with their sophomore effort, which, frankly, draws a creeping sense of cynicism at all of us to watch movies. <br /> <br /> In the end, this is a film about the goose. Well, all walks of insects and bugs of the world are covered with life Flick, but this ant, which is the focal point in the film, like people, are the focal point in the drama, songs and so on. How could such a paltry animal species, such as the ant serve as the film's protagonist, let alone submit all room feature film? Of course, they make fun of. However, we forget that Toy Story, a bunch of things toy boxes have been able to become the largest, most inspiring and lovely bunch of animated heroes and villains ever created. The guys at Pixar failed to pull off the same feat, and manage to make a bunch of dirty and insignificant errors in the most gentle and pleasant band of evil you are likely to ever encounter. <br /> <br /> Not only are they fully respected and cute ?? many unpleasant character in sight; even villains riveting characters ?? but they are colorful, they are eclectic, and they are peculiar. And an array of characters and brutal because of the lack of a better term, only adding rich layers of distinctive already plastered on the beetle life from the beginning. I'll start with our main character, and our character. It is called Flick (David Foley), and his character is quite general, to say the least. Of the thousands of faithful and obedient worker ants, which live on the beautiful, beautiful island of Ant, it is considered a "black sheep" of the clan, as seen in the first moments of the film, when he accidentally destroys the harvest season with his antics. <br /> <br /> problem arises in that the ants harvest is for a bunch of hungry horses led by Hopper (Kevin Spacey), who intend to continue to defend their anger and autocracy among the pitiful little ants; when they appear on Ant Island for their annual banquet and see that their sacrifice was gone, they go crazy because of the lack of a better term. Hopper offers a suggestion to save the ant from extinction at the hands of the backpack; However, it talks that it is simply impossible to fulfill. Cogs and clockwork in mind Flik running on all cylinders at the moment, despite his feelings of guilt and shame, and it offers Ant leave the island in search of some powerful warriors errors that you might come to the aid of a colony and fight the hopper and grasshoppers. <, Br /> <br /> If you think about it, A Bug's Life is a heavy resemblance to the story line's classic Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai, or the American remake of The Magnificent Seven, in which a hapless village, but a good-hearted people are threatened by the evil and evil enemies ?? One lone inhabitant of the village is looking for help in a big city, he finds him and returns to the colony, to ward off evil. In the life of a beetle, help comes in the form of a tramp circus troupe, which is mistaken for Flick as warriors in a bar-room brawl. <br /> <br /> A lot of fun to go out of these scenes and a lot of fun out of the circus troupe errors. Among them, a scholar stick insects (David Hyde Pierce), side-splitting of obesity German caterpillar Heimlich and named Fatale Cow quasi-femme who's really sandy and men of God Ladybug (Dennis Hopper). It is extremely nice to look at these errors on the screen as it is to watch bugs and insects interact on the screen as the entire film together. <br /> <br /> As I said, a lot of fun and joy comes to their characters and joyful interaction with each other, which give way to a bevy of hilarious lines, surprisingly tense and riveting situations and generally brilliant movie. What Makes A Bug's Life is even better that the film is not limited to just children, as many may perceive it to be, but the kids really find more entertainment out of this movie ?? in clichéd bit richer favorable situation for the child, than I would like. However, it is easy to ignore this error, and it is suspiciously easy to enjoy this film. <br /> <br /> Although Bug's Life may not reach the dizzy and iconic standard set by its predecessor, it is still a great movie, and the beginning of something promising here. Pixar has proved that they are not just a one-hit, but instead a lot of gifted and talented film artists group in Hollywood. They raise the bar up to infinity, and if someone is always able to replenish its own standards, it is always only themselves. What else can be said about Flicka in life besides: to see him; it's not quite the best we have seen from people in Emeryville, California, but it beats a lot of his year ?? and I'll be damned if it is not the best animated film in 1998 <br /> <br /> 8.5 / 10
