(Initially, the answer to the film reviewer who says, A Bug's Life was too much, too fast - he was "stunned and exhausted" by visual, and seemed to ignore the story completely) <br /> <br /> Thus, first, I'm 26 years old, have a job, go to school and have a fiance. So, maybe I'm crazy, and just really good at hiding it ... but I do not only come from life in the devastated Flick or semi-conscious, it was not until I saw him for the second time, I could even begin to truly appreciate the artistry and humor spectacular visual effects - because the first time I went to see this movie, I was so wrapped up in the stories and characters that I forgot that I had to sit there to be "broken" by each frame is visually. How can one not sympathize with Flick and his way-to-Heck paved-with-good-intentioned life? "Damn," in fact, I discovered that identification with this little ant (not to mention some other error) in much more than one ... and that, in itself, says more to me that this is an incredible movie than a whole book on his beautiful eye candy. Of course, it's beautiful (every blade of grass, tree, rain ...). Of course, what they can do with technology enough (you can read their lips! Try it!). But this film is not just a masterpiece of art and technology, not only a dazzling explosion of movement and color. Neto, A Bug's Life will be static, if all this is not a story. But, I am glad to say that it is not so! A Bug's Life has a real heart. Yes, there is a lot going on, story-wise, as well as visually, but it's because the story and the characters actually have some of their depth! Just because it is a film for children, it does not mean that you have to turn off your brain at the box door - children are smarter than you think! Also, I think PIXAR crew did it for themselves, even before their children ... and it shows in the amount of heart is. This film is moving, touching, funny, intriguing, and even exciting. Character development in this ensemble cast is strange, there is a major amount of the growth of the character, not only the main character - so rare in animation, and often in the movies at all. He did not hit you over the head with his point, as soon as it has made them - every scene, every frame has a reason in the storyline, because there, and there are no gratuitous shots. It is not always obvious, indicating in words what is happening at the expense of experienced, my people; This means that not «dumbing down" the movie and thinking that the audience is stupid, it is basically no. All I can think of when you can see the life of bugs, and do not feel anything at all, it should not be and has not made a big mistake, it hurts your friends were crowding, fell in love, we were disappointed that no one will listen to you, lied someone you care about, felt like a social error, got excited over a new idea to come up with a great idea, was that you thought was a great idea responds, it was awkward one point and I am sure that in the next, he felt the pressure of responsibility , he stood up for themselves and their families, and stood clank against the crowd, feeling like a failure, I felt a great success, felt the need to make a difference in your life in other people's lives ... well, you get the point. Final words: A + rating from me; Please, if you are going to see is to try to see it in the theater (pan and scan video will not work for this film); If you loved the Toy Story you are likely to love it (PIXAR knows how to make movies with the heart); if you like to see him several times, and you still do not know what you're missing (the amount of detail and subtleties here much); and every time you feel very low, just pretend that this seed, okay?
