Although I do not think it was a perfect 10, I agree, it was way above 6, which is what he is rated. No, Brokedown Palace was not perfect, and let this story many times it was done. This does not mean that there should not be done again, if it is done well, and I think that this film had some strong moments. Actions Claire Danes, as has been said many times, it was perfect as it was Kate Beckinsell, and I think that Bill Pullman was incomparable, as explanatory speech (wife Pullman, crooked cop, skip or travel, or whatever his name is). Cinematography and beautifully filmed, there was a lot that is good for this film, even if there were some negatives (three major ones that I've found), as well. <br /> <br /> That's what I did not like about it, the friendship between the girls, in fact, own separate entity girls were not developed in depth before the end of the middle figure. It would not be unlikely to lose interest at that time, because, despite the positive side, more character development should have been done before, and some of the scenes, like when the girls were initially arrested, were almost silenced, so it was a little to a lot of jumping around without character development and scene, I think it would be appropriate for this type of film. This, however, is not my main problem. AND WARNING-SPOILER ALERT. <br /> <br /> In the end, as mentioned dozens of times has been terrible. It was awful, in two respects. Firstly, despite the fact that it would be predictable and very Hollywood, I want a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and powerful ending, but in the film, such as this, there is a feeling that justice will be served, and I have to sit through it, to see that. I was shocked truly in the final, and it was performed with distinction from all participants in the process, but I feel like the girls have got out or if you do not believe that, at least, the police had to get what was coming to him. I mean nothing is happening with the bad guys, they all get along with him. Very disturbing. <br /> <br /> Also, I do not understand the ambiguity junction. I understand endings that inspired to make one think, but it was not a secret or «Clue» movie type we looked at, and I would like to know something about what really happened, who is to blame, etc. ., with this ending, we were left to decide what to do, but since I somehow doubt that will continue, I do not want to be guessing. <br /> <br /> However, there was a lot to like about this film, and the action is definitely in the top of the list, I would rate it 7.5, and say that it is definitely worth a look.
