In the movie "Brokedown Palace" directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) has decided to celebrate the end of high school, taking a trip to Hawaii, but have heard that in Bangkok, Thailand, a lot more fun. They crossed the plans and decided to go to Thailand, not to mention their parents change of plans. While they were in Thailand, Alice and Darlene have met a very nice guy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapeyn). He tells them that he will trade in his first-class ticket to Hong Kong for the three economy tickets so that they could spend a weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer, and at the entrance to the airport, both were arrested for drug smuggling. They were convicted and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. <br /> <br /> I think that Kaplan was trying to show people that it makes sense to make the right decisions, because in one case, one bad decision can change the direction of life forever. In addition, a friendly face can not be as friendly as we think, when we know the true intentions of this friendly face. Those girls, it was decided not to tell his parents that they changed their plans, and that changed their lives forever. Things have a funny way of showing us what is happening, that the decision that we made the decision poems that we had to do. Sometimes life is not fair, so it is important to think long and hard about the choices we make, because we can never go back and change the choices we have made. <br /> <br /> This film has a great setting; it was filmed mainly in Bangkok, Thailand. The film also has an excellent music; some of my favorite songs «Silence» on Delerium «Damaged" by Plumb, "save me" Sarah Bightman and the party just started, "Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought the soundtrack after seeing this film. These girls, where young and naive and did not to think about their plans to carefully mistake that anyone can make, so this film is good for all audiences It makes no difference to young or old -.. we are all human and prone to error Despite the fact that I do not like, how this movie ended, leaving me in the matter of --who actually smuggling and drugs - I would definitely give this movie two thumbs up.
