We all have friends. Some of us more than others, but there is really only one or two people that you feel very close to people, you can say to your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) as it is. You can see that from the very beginning. They came together, they go to parties together, and they decided to go to Bangkok together when they had to go to Hawaii. In addition, they are devastated for attempting to smuggle drugs into the country of the Third World, and that spell disaster. The rest of the film about survival and not giving up hope. She also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it might mean for someone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very good film, it's not healthy, and that because of a few issues that I want to talk. But first I want to say that is good about the film. And to start operating at the highest level and you can not look no further than the two wires. Danes and Beckinsale perfect in the role that they have. Alice always fiery and seems to be a little rough around the edges, but it seems to be more fun than Darlene. But sometimes it can be fun to get her in trouble. Darlene is always a bit on the conservative side and although it can get annoying sometimes, it would serve two girls is better if it was tied to the way instead of Alice. Bill Pullman adequate as an American lawyer who lives in Thailand. The film is photographed very well too. Inside the prison, not the same as the Redemption or Congenital Killer or Return To ParaDice, but it will show the necessary (but unfinished) hopeless situation in which they find themselves. Direction Johnathin Kaplan pretty good as well. We see that the two girls are struggling to make it through each day, but you can see that their spirit is leaning a little bit more every day. Brokedown Palace perfectly when he speaks of friendship, and it shows how they have to rely on each other to survive. Another thing is that I had to comment on the soundtrack to the film. It enhances and complements the mood of the film to perfection. The song that you hear in the trailer also played in the film, and when he plays, you feel the plight of the women in this prison. You can feel as soon as they should feel and how desperately they need to get out and go back to the simple things in life. And it also makes take a look at yourself and realize how fortunate we are to live in a society that we do. We easily compared to some of the country and believe it or not, music is an excellent catalyst for display on this subject. Some of the music performed by a group called Delirium (I think), but it's Sarah McLaughlin (misspelling, but how to spell her name?) That makes the lyrics and her voice is beautiful and memorable, and it adds so much to the film. <br /> <br /> what I do not like in the movie had some of the dullness that girls show. I will not say what it is they're doing, but if you see it for yourself, you'll know what I'm saying. Besides, I really do not feel that they have been in jail all that bad. It was more like a minimum security prison, and this may be because the presence of similar circumstances in other films that invlove men doing time in a foreign country, the prison scenes are always hard and sadistic. But I did not get that here. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a great movie, and it really makes you ask the question: "How far would you go for a friend," It's a complicated issue, and may be one that none of us could honestly answer, yet do not put into the same situation. Let us hope that it never comes to that.
