I've seen this movie a million years (5 years, to be exact), so for the first time. In light of the recent developments with the Australian woman Schapelle Corby to be jailed in Indonesia for the so-called smuggling pot, I decided to watch this movie again. I'm relieved to cry my heart, because I'm a sucker for hot girls who need (just read my review of "stalking Laurie Show"). Some damp escaped my eyes, but hardly had a bucket filled with tears. Why? Not because both the heroine had not been completely adored and helpless, not because the film was not pious at the sight of the two children in the prime of their lives locked in almost subhuman conditions. Why then? Why did not I cry? I wanted to cry! When I rent a movie like this, I except to be moved to cry, as there is no tomorrow to feel miserable and like. This film was just too short to do so. It was the same as the script was reduced to the basic elements of the story, and in this case it is the psychological aspect was rejected. Danes and Kate Beckinsale have done an excellent job, which shows the emotions of two friends, but this film is just screaming for more footage of the girls in their depressing (and depressing) environment. Mental journey is absent for some reason. You only get to see the key points from it (which is very touching, I admit), probably due to poor editing. Sometimes I felt like the girl went to the card. Relationships with family members and could use a little more attention. What is the relationship between the girls and their parents (especially between Alice and her dad)? You catch a glimpse of him, but the film does not quite offer the whole picture, rather boring. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it was a great movie, and in the end I even had to bite my lip a little, but I believe it has more to do with the cast (and looks) actresses (and music), then the merit director. Honestly, I did not know who Kate Beckinsale was before I watched this movie (again). Now I'm a fan! Great movie, as long as you do not expect it to be a classic movie.
