If you are looking for the ultimate biography of the life of boxer James Corbett, then it probably is not the film for you. The famous boxer gets a 1940s' Hollywood-tion of "your life - makes the story more interesting and entertaining than real life. However, because the performances were so good (especially Errol Flynn) and script are so cute, decoration film can be forgiven. <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn plays a Gay Nineties ages boxer James "Gentleman Jim» Corbett- -a man who became world champion in boxing in 1892. The film goes on it is quite humble beginnings and follows him through his car ' career through him to win the title match against John L. Sullivan. However, while he could have focused primarily on games, most of them quite briefly in the film (for the final match of the title, with the exception), and the emphasis is on bold faces Corbett, as well as his relationship with a lady who played by Alexis Smith. Throughout the film, there is a lovely supports outstanding cast of supporting actors (such as perennial supporting actor in films Flynn and Alan Hale) and letters have really helped to bring these people are alive. <br /> <br /> What is particularly good about the film see the athleticism Flynn as a boxer. While some of the twins shots, almost all of the boxing scene with Flynn, and he did a convincing job as a pugilist. It was a nice departure for Flynn, who used to play "Pretty Boy" role or fencers, and it shows how tough character he is. To learn more about it, try to read his biography - he was a very unpleasant character before coming to Hollywood <br /> <br /> At the present time, as well as for the real James Corbett, read on if you are not. " t afraid to find out how the film is not accurate. Firstly, Corbett was not a bad guy comes from a poor family, but higher education and bright. Secondly, while it is to get Alexis Smith at the end of the film, they divorced after a few years. Third, surprisingly touching final scene of the film between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the film, Sullivan was a jerk, and it could never happen - in fact, Sullivan was a selfish and Corbett was not fat- headed guy they appear film - although it made for a great film.
