Flynn, known mainly for his swashbuckling roles (and his antics bedroom!) Occupies a different position in this film, and it works perfectly. The game is in real life boxing Jim Corbett, Flynn is on the charm full blast, as he makes his way from San Francisco stifled bank teller from the famous fist fighter, constantly setting one eye on society DEB Smith. He and best friend to visit Carson illegal fistfight and arrested along with dozens of other people (and dogs!), Including visible judge. The next day, he gets a chance, through Smith, to gain entry to the private club of the judge. He uses this opportunity to weasel his way into the favor of its members and exclusive landing place as the resident of club fighter. His unusually adept skill in the sport already soon he takes on all comers, up to the world champion, John L. Sullivan (Bond.) Flynn quite magical here. He is the epitome of glamor, charm and appeal in this role. He looks amazing (especially in scenes hangover from his matted hair and wearing a white union suit) and makes almost all of its own stuntwork (clearly!) His line delivery tasty, and it is a reliable and responsive, while at the same time, the two-faced and fraudulent. Smith exudes class and taste of each pair and is well suited for Flynn. At this stage he needs a female Costar, who could be on his courtship and reputation (he passed the statutory rape charges at the time), and she does it very well. She pushed away from him freshness and cavalier attitude, but can hardly help but fall under the spell of his divine. Bond is incredibly tight, muscular and rise, but the tender, when the script requires it. Amusing give support to young and ebullient Carson. Frawley his grumpy reliable self as Flynn manager. The rest of the cast is excellent, and including irritable Flynn family and an assortment of stuffy kinds of Nob Hill. All this is beautifully decorated and securely sent. Some of the dozens of countries represented. Some of Smith's dresses border with catchy, but it is very well suited to the hairstyles of vertically. This is a stunning glimpse into the early days of boxing championship, but it is also much more. Some of them (for example, character traits, Flynn is specified) are amplified or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but much of this is really one line especially remember (as a method and suits specified in action scenes.): "I believe you like me more than I love you, but it's quite possible that I love you more than you love me. " This is a classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few Zingers permeate the script as well.)
