autobiography of James J. Corbett "roar of the crowd" was the starting point of this lively and well-remembered fictionalized biography. The author was a world champion, John L. Sullivan by changing to the turn of the century. The events of the story painted Corbett as heartburn, but cute and intelligent young man, whose conquest of the boxing world and social prejudices in his time, when he was recognized only son of Irish immigrants, humble bank teller and no one has surprised all, it took him a few hours of exciting and often funny-screen time to prove his ilk were wrong. He is a bank teller at the opening of the film, but he somehow wangles an invitation for the sports club zazhitochnogo-. He falls in love with a beautiful but snobbish girl, with whom he always seems to have had a falling out, and he lives in a house with a quarrelsome clan Corbetts, who seems to fight with each other as often as the others. If he wins the club best and professional fighter in the district bother him, he finally decides to become famous in the fighting. he sets out on the road with his friend, who serves as a manager and a coach and, despite several near mishaps, he wins all his fights and attracts attention. Coming home to continue his girlfriend again, he manages to annoy Boston Strongboy, powerful John L. Sullivan, which includes bars and claims he can "lick any man in the world." Few believe that he can win the fight against Sullivan, but Corbett, called "Gentleman Jim" for his gracious manners and patrician appearance surprises everyone by moving, dancing out of range, and negating violent force Sullivan. the best scenes of the film may occur when beaten Sullivan comes to congratulate Corbett. The new champion rises until Sullivan said a few years before it would have been different, and does not show him nothing but admiration and respect. He gets the girl as a result of its two appearances, but before the end of the film, when they visit his father's, his manager can say to the world, «The Corbetts are at it again." Films are attractive and have a uniform style, without being showy. The screenplay was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence Corbett from the novel. Sidney Hickox made cinematography, with a period set by Clarence Steensen jewelry and art direction Ted Smith. Heinz Roemeld made music and Milo Anderson gowns. The film was skillfully directed the expert of the film Raoul Walsh. Flynn also enjoyed working with Walsh, but does not care about another director he has worked most often, Michael Curtis. Among the actors were Ward Bond as John L. Sullivan, in one of his best performances of the beautiful Alexis Smith a little spotty, but smart as she loves Corbett and very skilful Errol Flynn as Corbett, a young man, he seemed to relish playing - -He said later that it was his favorite role during ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale of his charismatic father, John Loder wealthy opponent, William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Reese Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy and Mike Mazurka out together for a pleasant procedure. It is difficult to say about the logical and merry spawned the creators of this film; it is one of the best loved of all sports biography films, and according to my standards, one of the most enjoyable as well.
