After clearing my thoughts almost twenty-seven times, there is a feeling that now I can win this review for a comprehensive French drama, «Read My Lips». Having written over five hundred reviews, I have never found myself in such a loss of words, like I did with subtle but inspiring love story directed by Jacques Audiard in. The idea was watered, they loved and hated about the movie, and while "love" overpowered, those items that have been hated, sparking further debate in my mind. "Read My Lips" drama. To be more precise, the character-driven drama that combines social uncertainty criminal lords depressive everyday office work. That's where this review starts to break down, then all these things ?? but it's more ?? much, much more. As a spectator, you instantly smart way Emmanuelle Devos this fragile woman named Karl, whose power is lost, males in her office, and her hearing problems. Audiard brings us dramatically in her world, removing the sound off if she did not wear her help, causing an immediate concern, not only of the characters in the film, but also those who look. Without sound, the world is open to any possibility, and it's scary. <br /> <br /> As we have seen, it is difficult and anxious woman sits in her life, then we are uprooted and given the opportunity to meet with Paul (played exquisitely Vincent Cassel), in the combed-back hair, a mustache, wearing a lanky man It has just been released from prison, homeless, unemployed and forced his parole officer to get a job. It's like Carla and Paul meet. There is a time instant, anxiety attract. The one where we think she likes it, but it is dark (and here is where it gets even more fun) ?? and where we think he likes it, but it is dark. Permanent role reversal creates tons of suspense. Who, as viewers, we should feel a lot of sympathy? Paul sleeps in the office, Charles helps him; Carla loses a contract to rival his partner, Paul helps her; The ability to read lips Carla comes in handy for people shift makeup ideas for Paul. Continued bounces back and forth to keep you on the couch, waiting for the opportunity of a light to shine through the dark cave. He never does. Audiard can not just let the story take place, he always brings us more characters; one as shabby as the next. Even our rock, our solid base of an officer of parole under question when his wife disappears ?? podagovor to this film that first made me angry, but after further discussion was a major chord for this film. However, all this could not have happened if it were not for our heroes. solemn and cozy feel Virgo is breathtaking, because it changes the way Paul the truth about her beauty revealed. Paul, a wildcard in the film, still seemed to use and abuse the friendship for his final endgame. Then, just as we believe, one of Karl takes on one of the last form. <br /> <br /> Audiard knows that he has a strange actor, taking their hero. Kassel and the Virgin could just play cards all the time and I was still sitting in the back of my chair. History is probably the weakest part of the film, it is the first randomly. The interwoven stories seem unrelated at first, but Audiard allows them to connect the pieces. Again, the entire segment parole officer was a tangent, but the final scene just solidifies the end to the means. Not trying to sound vague, but this complex (quite simply) the story is difficult to explain. There is a lot going on, but it's up to you to put the pieces together. Favorite scene when Carl tries to figure out where to pass some money. This use of sound and the scene was brilliant. He was tense, it was dramatic, and it was like watching someone grayish mystery unfold before your eyes. <br /> <br /> In general, I initially though it was a mediocre French film that I could easily forget about when it ended ?? I was wrong. «Read My Lips» opens the floor for discussion, not only with the characters, but the situation. Everyone will find yourself rooting for Carlow in one scene, and Paul in the next. If a discovery is made in the apartment of Paul Carla, I found that deeply angry. Audiard brought real emotion to the screen with his characters and development, as well as what he lacked in the story ?? actors could carry. I can easily suggest this movie to anyone, but to be prepared; is not watching a movie once. Repeat. Repeat. . Repeat <br /> <br /> Evaluation: **** to *****
