Eleven different filmmakers from around the world gathered in this film, to present their views and ideas about the WTC attack. This is one of the best efforts, you will see in any movie. Films like this are rarely and evaluated. This film tries to touch the core of a variety of ACV. Here are some of the most important stories of the movie, what makes this film so unique. <br /> <br /> There is a story of Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran), where some people in Iran are preparing to attack from America. There, the teacher is trying to teach their students, informing them of the innocent people in the World Trade Center massacre. Then comes the story of Youssef Chahine (Egypt), where the director comes face-to-face conversation with a dead soldier in the WTC attack and the terrorists Dead Hard Core, which was involved in the WTC attack. Then we see the story of the Idris Ouedraogo (Burkina Faso), where a group of five Innocent children to see Osama bin Laden and planned to steal it and win the prize money from America. Then we see the story of Alejandro Inarritu Gozalez (Mexico), where you see a black screen and slowly you can see real images of the WTC buildings came down. And the people who are stuck in a building jump out of it, to save his life. Another most important story of Mira Nair (India), where the mother struggled to get respect for her dead son, whose name was falsely trapped WTC massacre! After the attack, our heart beat September 11 automatically starts the pump, when we hear the two names anywhere in the world .. The first World Trade Center and the second Osamu! This film completely changes our perception and makes a strong point, saying something more to it. <br /> <br /> I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who likes to have the kind of home DVD collection. Definitely worth every penny you spend. But please, nothing else other than movies, this DVD is not expected. There is, of course, filmographies of the filmmakers, but no additional features.
