As you know, the theme was here to ask eleven filmmakers from around the world to make a short film every 11 minutes, 9 seconds and one frame. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): the Afghan refugee children can understand the tower collapse? Well, nothing. A great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): weak plot with great cinema ... Imagine a deaf woman who lives in the World Trade Center, which sees, not realizing that her dog barks ... Well, just watch. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The biggest manufacturer oriental films has mercy ... For all: for we have a soldier who died ten years ago, for people in the World Trade Center, but also for the Palestinian suicide terrorist. Maybe less delicate film to us. - Tanovic (Bosnia hrzgovia): good image forces us to travel, maybe ... Not a very good story. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso) from one of the poorest countries in the world, a gentle and humorous story about the five boys who want to capture Osama Bin Laden ... And they could do it, but no one believes them when they say they know where he is. Ken Loach (UK): September 11, 1973, Chile entered the twenty years long bloody dictature. Thousands of deaths, tormented by all that was proposed in Chile by Henry Kissinger and the CIA, and knowing that it changes a lot of your point of view! I believe that this is due to the fact that particularly short, which is not accepted there is no US distribution film company to release the film in theaters us! Loach forgot to note that 1973 is also the year when the World Trade Center was built! - Alejandro González Iñárritu (Mexico): the spectacular images that we all know too well, and a lot of black screens. I have not got this much, it is more of an artist video (shown on display) than the film. - Amos Gitai (Israel): an absurd ballet of police, journalists, etc., around the burning car in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India) about anti-Islamic feeling that, after September 11th. Very good actualy. - Sean Penn (us): a fun little story, which reminds us of a fact forgotten usualy, the World Trade Center was to have a huge shadow, and some places now have the light of day, they have never had. - Imamura (Japan): the other one. There is not even a single word about the World Trade Center, and the action takes place at the end of the Second World War. He has only one message: War is not a saint. This short film gives a very deep feelings, but the director Aparently would have done better with more than 11 minutes. --- --- so great movie, a great attempt to measure the temperature in the world. I love it.
