It was clear from the outset that the 9/11 inspire about the same movies as the World War II and Vietnam together; However, there are, of course, a great danger that the majority of these films to come about as good (or, more precisely: bad) as Pearl Harbor. It is fortunate that the first international release on 9/11 Sun cheesy love story starring a bunch of pretty faces, and teamwork 11 directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> I did not want to say that all 11 episodes long (Youssef Chahine, for example, has excess prologue with too many cuts and Imamura has a truly amazing way) or that the segments are in the correct order ( Imamura, being the only entirely appealing directly to the twins, should open the movie, and not the end of it, Alejandro González Iñárritu to be the last instead, as this is the most impressive one). But this impressive work and interesting portrayal of how other parts of the world react to the collapse of the twin towers. <br /> <br /> Consider the opening segment of Samira Makhmalbaf in which the Afghan teacher tries to explain to her students what happened in New York and avail offers a moment of silence. Or part Idris Ouedraogo (which has a double-bin Laden is so similar to the real, that you will be shocked when you see it, I promise), where 5 boys MUSE about the good things that can be done to put out a reward. at Laden <br /> <br /> There is surprisingly good (and very angry) segment Ken Loach about a person from Chile to talk about what he calls "our Tuesday 11 of September", - that on September 11, 1973, when their elected president Allende was killed and Pinochet established a dictatorship - with generous help from Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This could be a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it was a sad tale and shares my recognition for the best segment (mainly sound impressions Iñárritu in and phone calls from the hijacked planes into the black screen, sometimes a few photos of people falling on the WTC and finally destroyed tower, ending screen brightened and one question to appear) and Amos Gitai's about hysterical reporter trying desperatly to get on the air after a car bomb exploded in Tel Aviv (hard to admit, but it is a masterpiece of choreography) <br /> <br /> All of these different segments (I have not mentioned yet, Claude Lelouch is about a deaf girl, Tanovic is a demonstration of women Srebrenica, Mira Nair -. Strangely enough, but it takes an Indian film director, to do the part, which is probably the most attractive for Western tastes - a Muslim family, whose son is under a terrible suspicion after 9/11 and Sean Penn Ernest Borgnine (as Ernest Borgnine), a widower leading the most depressing life can be imagined), add to the unique look of the film is not easy and it is difficult to forget . I am confident that this film will be a classic everyone knows thirty years. I hope that he will be remembered for the beginning of a long tradition of world cinema films. But, unfortunately, it's much more likely he will be remembered as a movie-only force. And as one of the few 9/11 movies made did not reduce this terrible event in the love story with a happy ending just to please the audience.
