This greatly with 2007 character-driven suspense drama, like a big, juicy piece of steak Shakespearean level of chief director who knows how to get to the unusual February to-edge performances from his actors. Consider for a start - a lone dissenting juror Henry Fonda in "Twelve Angry Men" Katharine Hepburn crazy Mary Tyrone in "Long Day's Journey Into Night", contrary to the concentration camp survivors Rod Steiger in "pawnshop" joyless lion William Holden in "Network" and alcoholic lawyer Paul Newman in "The Verdict." The list includes some of the best screen for the last half-century, and you can feel free to add Philip Seymour Hoffman desperately leader Andy Hanson in the series. 83, directed by Sidney Lumet shows no signs of fatigue octogenarian, but in fact, he revels in the melodramatic turns script thick layer deposited first time writer Kelly Masterson. <br /> <br /> The scale of history is deceptively small as it focuses on the moral compromises to solve in a family where two brothers have become desperate immediate cash. Woody Allen was followed by a similar fraternal dynamics in his latest film, in a surprisingly squeezed "Cassandra's Dream", but Lumet is neither pinched nor careful approach to dust this inevitable story of ambiguity and deception. The plot revolves around a crime that should have been no casualties. Embezzlement of funds from the wage fund his real estate company, to keep his neglected wife Gina happy and satisfy an expensive addiction, smooth-talking, Andy is going to be exhibited during the IRS audit. Meanwhile, his younger Brother Hank weight after the divorce, interdependent insecurities fall behind in his alimony and child support payments. <br /> <br /> Andy comes up with a supposedly foolproof plan to rob their father suburban jewelry store while none of them should be there. The purpose of It was for the brothers to collect catch and parents to qualify for insurance. Murphy's Law interferes in every way since Andy Hank pressure to do the job himself. After some persuasion, brothers, Hank agrees with it, but are too scared to make the g This alone, he recruits a reckless, gun-toting Busboy, to cope with the robbery. By fate, a robbery occurs on the same day that Andy and Hank's mother opens the store, and things quickly spiral out of control from there. Although the techniques of speaking back and forth is not new (such as Alejandro González Iñárritu in "21 Grams"), Masterson approach works effectively in the delineation of certain events from different points of view in order to understand how each character has led to the echoes of an accident. <br /> <br /> Action Step perfect since riveting performance as Andy Hoffman, Machiavellian reptiles which cool outer layers and innate immorality perturbations mask with respect to his family. I thought he was great in Tamara Jenkins, The Savages, "but it is even better. Lumet even draws good results from the usually unbearable Ethan Hawke as Hank, filling it emasculated weakness, informs his every ill-planned move. As their military father readiness, Albert Finney acts with its typical late-career bragging, but it provides the necessary framework for the Oedipus complexity. Marisa Tomei is an excellent choice to play Gina, an actress economically keys to a responsive, sensitive nature of small but decisive p lei. The veteran venerable theater Rosemary Harris (today better known as Peter Parker's aunt in «Spider-Man» trilogy) has very little time, as a mother, as Amy Ryan, as a bitter ex-wife of Hank. <br /> <br /> there are scenes that border on excessive, especially because the situation is becoming increasingly desperate for the brothers, but the principals are administered a vigorous liveliness them that curls are excusable. After the disappointment cartoon «Find Me Guilty", it is nice to see in Lumet top form here. 2008 DVD offers a terribly informative commentary from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, all of which speaks with ease and understanding throughout. Together with the original theatrical trailer, there is a better than average 24-minute short film, "directed by Sidney Lumet: How the devil was made", pointing to the set of frames and fragments of the interview with Lumet, two of the producer and the protagonists.
