This completely diabolical story of how bad things can go wrong. Simple robbery. Take some serious changes. Receive our finances together, and everything is first class. But ?? Mom and Dad a jewelry store? No problem. Insurance to pay for it all. No weapons. No one was hurt. Easy money. <br /> <br /> The older, more successful (seemingly) brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has a few minor problems. Heroin addiction, cocaine addiction. Wife (Marisa Tomei), that ?? Well, he can not seem to run for. His flat life days are long gone. Jr., sweet, slightly close the younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) DINERO with several problems on their own. For payment of maintenance for his daughter, in debt to friends and relatives, not exactly wowing them in the work, etc. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet, in this performance at the age of 82 (!), it sends and receives 99.99 per cent right, which is difficult to do in a thriller. Thrillers I've seen more than I remember, and most of the time the film director gets printed and lives with plot holes, in an incredibly bad scenes, and quickly ending. Here Lumet makes a thriller as it is a work of art. Every detail is perfect. Action is excellent. Portion has no openings. In the story rings true and clear, and is a story of human weakness that would honor the greatest film directors and even the bard. <br /> <br /> Hoffman, of course, great. If you do not release, resulting in the presence of a person, you must pass on the talent, skill and pure concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is no stranger to the sweet, little guy role, adds a layer of despair and all too human incompetence in the part, so that we do not know whether or not pity him, or trash it. Albert Finney plays the father of a wayward sons overlooking the steel intensity that belies his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has magical properties sexuality, to go along with its unique creativity, it manages to be both vulnerable and tough as nails, as a wife, two synchronization Andy. (But who could blame her?) It's almost a movie reviewer blasphemy give COMMERCIAL thriller five or ten stars, but if you study this film, like all budding film-makers would be well advised to do, you will notice that the appearance of excessive (according to most Hollywood producers) attention to detail, which makes for a real art - the kind of thing that only great artists can do and can not help but do. (By the way, I think it was twenty producers on this film ?? well, maybe a dozen, check the credits). All I can say to sum there is a way to Sidney Lumet, the author kill those wonderful films, and show such loyalty to your ship and your art in such an advanced age ?? prestige. May we all do half so well. <br /> <br /> So, at 12:01 per cent. It was unlikely that the father (Albert Finney) could be behind the cab that Andy took over New York, is not some way to lose the tail. This is a small, and I want all thrillers could so small splash. Also, one wonders why Lumet decided not to tell the fate of Hank's at the end. You can guess and speculate. Perhaps his fate has fallen on the floor of the room. Perhaps Lumet was not satisfied with what has been removed and the time ran out, and he just said, 'Leave it like that. It really does not matter. "And I think that's wrong. What happens to Hank will not be good. He's not the kind of guy who manages to flee to Mexico and be able to start a new life. He's the kind of guy who gets the "light" sentence of 10 to 20 years, and serve him and is kind of wrinkled man who knows that he was not really a man, when he was supposed to be. <br /> <br /> See this Sidney Lumet, one of the best, the director of the pledgee in Hollywood (1964), Group (1966), Serpico (1973), dog Afternoon (1975), Network (1976), and more.
