Tarantino once said in the melodrama in 1930 called the Backstreet, that "tragedy as another character" in the film. The same can be said- and not stand raising Tarantino- for better performance in Sidney Lumet years, melodrama, where the nature of the utmost concern not just because of what is at stake with the cast involved. Kelly Masterson is not a masterpiece scenario here (it's basically breaks down into a crazed killer regime to end in a series of climactic events that are only at the very end, and even there, the suspension of disbelief is of paramount importance), but it is a scenario to transfer the character to the plot, and in the story where the action surround a robbery, it is important to know who these people beat to beat. This grim as hell, inexorable, like Satan, but absolutely riveting 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Chalk is not only because Lumet knows how to handle non-linear scenario where we see the day -day action character to character before, during and mainly after the failure of "mom - & - pop" jewelry store robbery takes place, but because of the terrible crowd (which, I might add, Lumet's specialty). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke brothers with their respective financial F *** - ups and those who were coming past on what looks like a fool proof plunder: looting their own mother and father of a jewelry store in Westchester. Hank Hawks suggests another shady character, though, the killings take place, and suddenly it's a tragedy on the Greek scale, affecting the brothers and their father, played by Albert Finney perfect. This is the stuff that most actors love-characters, which, as in the day of Dogs In the afternoon, painfully people, bone defects, but only wants to love and / or things to be installed correctly and have a complete inability to fulfill their desires and. need <br /> <br /> In this case, although Hoffman and Hawke matched perfectly; Hoffman, while above the last ten minutes, super-quiet and sometimes joking behavior that shows his brain operation, but smaller scenes where he breaks down emotionally (ie, a Finney or car scene with Tomei) hit his talents to the utmost; Hawk, meanwhile, called the failure of his ex-wife and daughters, can not pay all the debts at all, and called the child by his own father, and he fills the expense of the part in all respects that matter it is not quite as spoiled as his senior brother, but who wants to pick straws for this title? And Finney, as already mentioned, is a spot-on all the way through, which makes it turn in Big Fish look like child's play (the final scenes with him are terribly tragic, his face recoiling in horror that has created the entire second half) . <br /> <br /> well as indicating support transforms from small and perversely ditsy two to synchronize Marisa Tomei, Bug Michael Shannon as a teaser white trash, and Amy Ryan, Brian F. Obirn and Rosemary Harris makes a short, precise impressions it is a film with a huge variety of skills and heart-, but not just heart- with a story that doubles back on items specious plot device, but to make clear every step of the perpetual downward spiral of the family. If it is not mind-blowing like Serpikov or network or mortgagee or 12 Angry Men, this is about as close as all Lumet made since then.
