In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is dependent on the executive bureau of the real estate, which has appropriated a large sum for his commitment and expensive lifestyle with his wife Gina (Marisa Tomei). If the audit is planned in his department, he becomes desperate for money. His younger brother, Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke) is a loser who needs three months of child support to his daughter, and having an affair with Gina every Thursday afternoon. Andy sections robbery jewelry their parents on Saturday morning without the use of guns, expecting to find an old employee who works without financial loss to his parents, since the insurance company will compensate the loss. On Monday morning, we would have to raise the necessary money, he needs to cover his theft. He invites Hank to participate, as it is very well known in the shopping center where there are jewelry and can be recognized. However, yellowing of Hank and invites the thief Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. Obirn) to steal the store, but things go wrong when their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) comes to work as a substitute for the clerk and Bobby brings hidden gun, Nanette reacts and kills Bobby, but it also fatally shot. After the death of Nanette, their father Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) decides to investigate a robbery with tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> «Game of the Devil" is a comedy of errors, the disclosure of a good story. Originality and difference in the scenario with a non-linear narrative a la "Pulp Fiction." Eighty-rub-year-old Sidney Lumet is still a lot of work, and it's impressive longevity of this director. Philip Seymour Hoffman is awesome starring a dysfunctional person with traumatic relationship with his father, who feels the world is falling mainly because of its dangerous and clumsy brother. Marisa Tomei is still impressively beautiful and sexy, showing great body. Violent conclusion shows that the world really is an evil place. My vote is seven <br /> <br /> The names (Brazil) :. "ONT Que about Diabo Saiba Que Você Está Morto" ( "Devil's Game")
