The full name of this movie, "Be you in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you're dead," and rewording old Irish toast "May you have food and clothing, soft cushion for the head; Can you be 40 years old in heaven before the devil knows you're dead. First time writer Kelly Masterson (with some modifications directed by Sidney Lumet) was invented romance that explores how families can become fragmented when external forces to expel a member of unimaginable extremes. In this film, the viewer has the right to observe the gradual but almost complete implosion of the family on a much used, but, here, it is very reasonable manipulation retrospective / flash-forward narrative technique. Repeated every offering various disadvantages; of the characters on the central incidents that lead is quite a painful story, we see all of his aspirations players in this case of robbery gone very wrong. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy executive, married to an emotionally needy Gina (Marisa Tomei) and a predilection for expensive drug habit. His life begins to crumble, and he needs the money. Andy ne're-succeed his younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) is in ruins - he divorced his shrewish wife Martha (Amy Ryan), is lagging behind in alimony and child support, and learned all he could from friends and he needs money. Andy offers restrained robbery of a small shopping mall mom-and-pop jewelry store that promises a safe, fast cash for both sides. Glitch is that the history of jewelry belongs to the male parents - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy Hank promotes some cash and scrapes agreement that Hank would do the actual robbery, but at Hank agrees to a "fail-safe" plan, he hires one to take over the entire operation until Hank is planning to be a driver of the vehicle rest. Robbery terribly spoiled when Nanette, providing for a regular clerk, shoot the robber shot himself in a mess. Catastrophe reveals many secrets about the hallowed co-relation of the family and if Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their respective partners) lead to catastrophic ends with surprises at every turn. <br /> <br /> Each of the actors in this strong but emotionally pungent film gives excellent performances, and while we've come to expect that from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan Harris and it wise hand in the direction of Sidney Lumet, that make this film so memorably powerful. This is not an easy film to watch, but it's the film that allows some bravura performances that demand our respect, a film that reminds us of how fragile many families can be. grady Harp
