I must admit that I had my doubts about this film before I was going to watch it. The main reason for this is that it has been compared to Hitchcock. I've seen a few movies that were said to be inspired by Hitchcock or that could be made "master of suspense" himself, but so far I have not seen any of these films, which would be able to stand the test of time. In my opinion, Hitchcock became a household name that is too easily used to promote some (cheap) thrillers, but on the other hand, I must admit that I was intrigued, because it is a European film. Usually it is the major Hollywood studios, who like to abuse the name of Hitchcock, when it may increase their income. But this film was made in one of the most chauvinistic of European countries, ever, and I am sure that the majority of French people would rather drop dead than admit that their movies were inspired by the British. That is why I decided to give this film a try, and I must say that I am glad that I did. <br /> <br /> «Sur Tez Levres" or "Read my lips," as it is called in English, tells the story of a young secretary named Karl. She is hard-working and loyal employee, but has never been very much appreciated by their colleagues. It has a lot to do with the fact that she suffers from a lack of hearing, which denied her climb the hierarchical ladder of the company. But if it is allowed to hire an intern who can work on it, all this may change. Paul Angeli is a 25-year-old and completely unskilled ex-convict. Man thief, but Carl gives him a chance and covers it when it is needed. She hopes to teach him that the regular life should look like, but at the same time, he pulls her back to his former life ... <br /> <br /> Since I still believe that Hitchcock used the name too often to describe a very good thriller - that this film is definitely - I will not make any comparisons between Hitchcock and directing Audiard in. The fact that a person has done a very good job with this film. I have not heard about it before, but it's true that he knows how to create suspense and how to keep you interested from the beginning to the end. It also has a lot to do with the very fine and original story, of course. I doubt that there is anyone in Hollywood ever since the idea of ​​using a disabled woman in a powerful role, instead of her helpless object abusive husband (you know, the typical TV movie plot). <, Br /> <br /> Also, noteworthy is the acting in this film. Vincent Cassel is quite famous, but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete mystery to me. There is absolutely nothing glamorous about their role, but they both did an excellent job with their characters, making them feel very believable and realistic. Paul could be the average tough guy right out of prison and Karl typically helpless woman, but thanks to their performance, you really believe that these two strong men, and had some setbacks in life, but who will make the best of it together. <br /> <br /> as a whole is a powerful film with a very fine script and some excellent performances. Despite the fact that I had my doubts about this, I soon became one of his biggest fans. I give this film 8/10. Do not hesitate to give it a try.
