I begin to see a very consistent images in the form of the identity of a film in 2007's. If 2004 was the year of the biography and the year 2005 was a year of political films 2007 can be identified as the year with the participation of a wide variety of moral tales, films that show the test, challenge and question human morality and motives that lead us to do certain things. Although this identification is wide enough, I think there are a few films released this year, for example, 3:10 to Yuma, Eastern Promises, American Gangster, none of the strange old man and the other, in particular, the question and the study of human morality and motives, that move us to action, violence and betrayal. Game devil is vile stylish morality tale, and quite dark, gloomy and depressing in that. Better yet, the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classical directorial forces of our time, the legendary Sidney Lumet, which many of them said, was his prime, but returning in full force with this anger rich criminal thriller. <br /> <br /> This is one of those films whose plots are so thick that one very reluctant to go into details. This is a film that is best enjoyed when introduced without any prior knowledge of the events about to unfold, as there are twists and turns. But thick and richly wrought story is not quite in the center of this film; the true focus, as I said, morality tale; motives that drive these two people to take action that they do in the film. The story is structured as a combination between the filmography of both the Coen brothers (namely, Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men operated to pull a fairly simple crime in various dubious circumstances, that is unbelievable, absolutely wrong, and reciprocity in full force and the inevitable tragedy. And to make it even more interesting, the film is told in fragmentary history that keeps track back and showing a number of the following events of different character every time, and always end up where it left off the last time. Sizzling, hot, thick and unreliable depressing scenario Kelly Masterson is surprisingly sharp and well rounded, in particular, because it's debut script. <br /> <br /> But the film is a lot more going for it than just this perfectly sinister and very sad story. First of all, the picture looks and feels perfectly well. Sidney Lumet has, throughout his career, has consistently used the interesting style of cinema and lighting: the naturalistic and stylish at the same time. The film brings the distinctive style and class of the air, with plenty of natural light, which just looks really cool. Edit top-notch; combining sizzling drama thriller aspect with great long takes that really take their time to reflect the action accordingly. And the bright, dynamic camera angles and movement also add to the style. The film is also based on a fabulously lush score Carter Burwell. <br /> <br /> The script does its part, and of course, Lumet makes his role, but in the dramatic center of the film's actors three workshops, which provide extremely good performance. Primarily, there are two wires. Leading the pack is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who was always an excellent actor, but stumbled on the extracted lead actor status after his unnatural fantastic Oscar-winning work in Capote. His place in this film is fascinating: serious violations, broken, manic. Hoffman has some really intense scenes in the film that really allow his full dramatic fury to come out, not only by its subtlety and wit. On its side Eaton Hawke, who has put some fantastic performances in many films, which are almost always in the shade of large, ambitious actors. Here he bounces Hoffman and complements it so incredibly well; In general, the dynamic force between the two of them just absolutely fantastic and convincing the audience very quickly loses himself in the character and forgets that he is watching the actors. And then Albert Finney. This flexible, great supporting role as the one he needs a veteran professional here Finney delivers his finest performance for years as was tragically obsessed father to two brothers who get caught up in crime. I love how the dynamics between the three of them to play. I love how Hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and shamelessly takes on his younger brother, even now, when they are middle-aged men; and yet, despite this, of course, how Finney's father prefers younger, weaker brother Hawke. Also on the cast, the two supporting female characters ?? brothers wife ?? also have fantastic views from Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose appearance just gets better and better over the years. <br /> <br /> This film is not a revolutionary. These topics and this style has studied similar Coen Brothers, and it's very easy to imagine them direct this film. But for a film that defies familiar ground, it is just fine. Lumet uses his huge uncut talent and uses its unique and very fine sense of irony and style brilliantly bright, intense, sad and morbid at first Masterson's screenplay. Lead incredibly intense performances and film shows absolutely fantastic turns from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; but truly the greatest miracle of the movie is that three years after he won the Lifetime Achievement Oscar, a very respected as a final output symbol to retire in the movie business, Sidney Lumet proves that he still has a huge talent to deliver really great, resonant, intense piece of film, reminiscent of his golden years.
