Sidney Lumet was not a box office hit in 20 years and is still at 83 succeeded in a large number of dense, well-cast, disturbing thriller set in his old stamping ground, New York. (How he got insurance, not to mention the budget after all these failures, it is a mystery, too). The story is quite grim one, and the characters are not particularly pretty, but it kept me on the edge of my seat until the final scene. <br /> <br /> Two brothers with pressing financial problems conspired to rob a suburban jewelry store owned by their elderly parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The robbery goes awry, and two people died. Much of the film is connected with the consequences. Action is nonlinear and can be seen from different points of view of the protagonist, but it is not difficult to follow. What is not so easy to operate that the background ?? how did the brothers get into such a mess? There are hints ?? younger brother as a child in the family is a favorite of their parents while the elder brother appears, carrying a lot of luggage on his relationship with his father, and vice versa, but this is unlikely to account for it to become a heroin using swindler murders. <br /> <br /> as a schemer older brother, Philip Seymour Hoffman thick dominates the film, but it is well supported by Ethan Hawke, his bullying, inadequate younger brother. Albert Finney, as their father, seems to be in a constant state of anger, but if the script requires it. Marisa Tomei as a cheating wife's older brother at the age of 42 places in sexual performance that I have seen in many years. The film literally begins with the explosions, but we came out of the comfort zone pretty quickly. <br /> <br /> I do not know the origin of the story from the first-time screenwriter Kelly Masterton, but I suspect that, as the large 70 Lumet film «Dog Day Afternoon» based on facts ?? it's too silly to be true. Lumet's just about the last of these very diverse old-time master of the studio directors, which at high speed have been able to send just about anything that was put in front of them. Some great movies were made in this way, as well as some classic turkey. This is not the kind of classic or ?? it is a well-crafted piece of entertainment pessimistic. This is likely to leave you feeling that you are lucky enough not to be a member of the family, the problem with this, but still I wonder how they got that way. We know that parents were happy, but we see so little of his mother and hear so little about it can not get to her relationship with boys. (There is also a daughter, whose presence seems like overkill). Well, like Tolstoy, we have to conclude that "every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way."
