Which is an unusual crime thriller !! My wife and I saw it at the International Film Festival in Toronto last week, and it was far and away the best film in the festival of exceptionally strong. This is my second favorite movie of all time after DR. Streynzhlav, and I was definitely on an emotional high, as I went home and discussed the movie with my wife. <br /> <br /> I do not want to spoil the plot, because this caliber thriller is best enjoyed with an open mind. Summary, I feel comfortable sharing that two brothers, played by Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, plans to rob a jewelry store in Westchester, NY. Film bounces back and forward in time for about two weeks period of time (before, during and after a robbery), and one scene key is repeated at least three times. Usually, this can disrupt the dynamics of the film, but it never happens for this masterpiece. The excitement, tension, and even the quality of the action seemed to only get better as the film progressed. In the end, I was on the edge of my seat, holding my breath, waiting to see how things will wrap up. I know that I have used a few clichés in this position, but I was literally on the edge of my seat. It should be noted that the linear plot is fairly easy to follow. This is not the movie where you'll overhear spectators are asked their friend to explain the plot of the film. <br /> <br /> The acting is absolutely brilliant all around, and I doubt there is the same admiration for the film, if the casting was not so perfect. A tiny complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke are not like brothers, but this is a minor quibble, I can easily overlook. Hoffman was his best, and some of his scenes with Hawke was positively electric. Marisa Tomei (as Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as Hoffman & Hawke's father) are also very good in a supporting role. Even some cameo performance was so impressive that I still remember every remark, gesture and facial expression of Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon ?? absolute perfection. Robbery scenes felt more real than any other cinematic robbery scene I've ever watched, and I had the same feeling of authenticity in most scenes, especially those with Hoffman. Music has helped to create tension throughout the film, often the same notes played very effectively. I had music playing in my head the next day, even when I was sitting across the other films. In addition to my minor complaints in the beginning of this section, there was one plot twist, which felt a bit unbelievable (the main spoiler, so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this film is pretty darn close to perfect. <br /> <br /> There were about a dozen great films at the festival, that I would have enjoyed watching a second time, but the game is worth the devil in a league of your own. As an aside, directed by Sidney Lumet he said before the film, and he introduced Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on the scene. Tomei did not speak, and she acted a little shy so Lumet said, "Can you believe that someone so beautiful could be so camera shy?" This remark is very ironic, given the graphic opening scene !!
