Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) tired to compete over who is more f *** - and one dad (Albert Finney) loves more, so they hatch a hair noisy scheme to rob a jewelry mom and dad's store so that they can pay off their debts and start again. It looks like a great plan, except that it is a disturbing 1970s style melodrama about a robbery gone wrong, and boy, do things really go wrong here for our hapless duo and all the participants. Lasciviously coined by writer Kelly Masterson and classically punished director Sidney Lumet, "Devil's Game" uses the robbery, as his McGuffin to delve deeply into the family drama. <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet died. At the age of 83 years, he seems to have made a deal with the devil to bring the last great film. Lumet was at its zenith in the 1970s with films such as "Dog Day Afternoon," "Serpico" and one of my favorite movies of all time, "Network". He somehow managed to make a film that bears all the hallmarks of his classics while weave some more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence, and play with the time frames and POV-x) in cod, bright, lean, mean, and provocative melodrama , we can only hope that some of the modern greats (such as Scorsese or Spielberg), which appeared during the same decade, Lumet was at the top of their game will have as much chutzpah left when they reach this age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master at directing people walking through the space to create tension and develop a character. How to cast waltzes through finely designed offices and apartments in Manhattan it slow camera creates a palpable sense of anxiety as we never know who might be around the next corner, or that this person can do in the next room. It is also surprising how few Lumet uses POV and a temporary shift of frame approach. Coherent and classical concepts he uses to do the same structured film geeks Christopher Nolan and Alejandro González Iñárritu seems like amateur hour. <br /> <br /> Of course, what better Lumet directs strange ensemble casts and tricking them into acting within an inch of their lives. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been, and most likely will never be better than it is here. quietly burning Albert Finney father's image has changed, and at the end of his rope masterpiece to watch unfold. Ethan Hawke, usually ugly handsome, perfect as an emotionally crippled younger brother, who rode today too much time on its beauty and appearance. The coup de grace, however, there is a series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, scary at the time, as his trophy wife chicken. Lumet runs them through a range of emotions that the culmination of the scene, which is the best of its kind, as William Holden mocked Beatrice Straight right in the best supporting actress Oscar in "Network". <br /> <br /> The Devil any great film in detail, tap Albert Finney trunk of his car, which will not be closed because of the Fender Bender, at a glance, Amy Ryan (fresh from her amazing turn in «Gone Baby Gone ") gives her ex-husband Ethan Hawke in his saccharine promises his little girl, all three of them knew that he would not keep a systematic unraveling of family rides, a dialogue asking sectarians to quote it (my favorite line is funny threatening "you do not mind if I call Chico?") the remarkable price of Carter Burwell. "Game of the Devil" is a film of the year. If something appears to better it, we know a few other deals must be brokered with the Old scratch.
