French film directors continue to surprise their unusual ability to simulate the sights and sounds of normal, everyday suburban life. This was evident with the release in early 2002 his L'Emploi Temps (Time Out), the brilliant character study with a descent of the white-collar worker in the melancholy after been fired from their jobs. As the tendency of French filmmakers, many of the scenes were filmed on real streets and in public places, giving Verite Cinema feel the history, but L'Emploi du Temps also had an elegant look thanks to the excellent performance of the camera and some stunning shooting locations (primarily Swiss mountain retreat). Running on the heels of a rather crooked film comes another impressive French production, gritty crime caper Audiard in Sur Tez Levres (Read My Lips). In fact, to indicate that a crime caper movie makes it a disservice, because it's much more than that. As before the French release, is an insightful character study of marginalized people who use their wits to get ahead in a society that has turned his back on them. The construction firm Carl Paris, a shy, petite young woman sitting at a table, absorbed in the office area, which is the main route to the Xerox machines and toilets. <br /> <br /> unpleasant colleagues use the front desk was Karl, to communicate and to drop their semi-finished foam coffee cups. Partially deaf, Carla on turns her hearing aid on and off at will, when noise becomes bothersome, whether it is the buzz of paper copier or a piercing cry of a child. When her boss calls her into the office to suggest that she hire a secretarial assistant to help her with the workload, Carla on fears it could lose his job. The Employment Service Carla lists the specifications it wants for his assistant (preferably male), as if she was in the dating agency. It must be 25 years old and clean Cut to wide computer and filing skills. If an agency sends through untidy, menacing young man, Karl and shocked and intrigued. They leave the office and lunch at a local diner, where Carla interview her prospective mate. When she finds out that he had just got out of prison, Carla on initially wants nothing to do with Paul, but there is a change of heart and hires him to. Despite the fact that it is mostly kind to his assistant, Carla on now it is in a position of power and having extracted a sense of power. Paul quickly learns and becomes capable worker. Carla helps Paul to find a temporary place of residence, and even covers for him when his parole officer shows a day in the office, wondering why Paul missed his appointment. During one of my lunch breaks Carla tells Paul about her lack of hearing and shows her ability to read lips. Later, when a mean colleague clearly assumes Karl project operates on a frenzied Carla asks Paul's assistance in seeking revenge on the man. From here on Sur Tez Levres becoming more intense crime drama develops in some of the fastest graphic scenes that were shown on the screen in recent years. The script borrows elements from Hitchcock's first rear window, where the lip-reading talent Karl comes into full play, using a pair of binoculars. There is a tantalizing, on-again, again not quite sexual attraction between the two protagonists, which culminates in a rather strange tribute to North by Northwest, but it works because of the considerable sexual heat that builds slowly between the two stars. That being said, the fact that one carries away from this film is not so much resemblance to classic thrillers of Hitchcock, although these elements are certainly there, but the pervasive form of contemporary modern city (in this case, Paris), where life runs the gamut from routine working days before the drunken, noisy night life, where sex, drugs and laundered money to feed the lives of several characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, it is a psychological suspense thread where people are like everyday man and woman on the street, where a blow in the face or in the groin sounds like a sickening knock, and where the office is a place where there is fear. This Hitchcock with the glove.
