"Drop" qualifies as a cult sci-fi film, not only because he began a 27-year-old Steve McQueen in the path of superstars, but also because he exploited the popular topics from the alien invasion and juvenile delinquency, which were inseparable in 1950, I wonder, that nobody in the script Kay Linaker and Theodore Simonson never relates to amorphous, scarlet-red protoplasm that plummeted to Earth by a meteorite and threatens everyone in the small town of Downingtown Pennsylvania on Friday night as «The Blob ". Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, Old West hunters in "Wanted: Dead or Alive," after producer Dick Powell saw the release of Paramount Pictures' At the same time attractive girlfriend McQueen Aneta Korsaut went on to star opposite Andy Griffith "show. Andy Griffith, "as a schoolteacher friend of sheriff Taylor Helen Crump. Of course, no McQueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but rarely do actual teenagers play a real teenager. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., made his directorial debut« The Blob. »Scenario Linaker & Simonson synthesized four genre W: firstly, alien invasion, the second, juvenile crime; third, murder mystery, four, horror chiller Furthermore, while gelatinous substance takes various forms, it remains essentially an anonymous other words, titled Zhele-.. O neither negotiations nor communicates telepathically. Instead, he kills without nausea and attack discriminates against no one. The tone «The Blob» quite seriously, despite the somewhat mannered character. <br /> <br /> As the creators of the film shown on the Criterion DVD release with «The Blob», the film opens uncharacteristically SCI- horror thriller our heroes and heroines in remote rural areas and making out kissing. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) to see a large meteor fall to the ground and drive off to find him. At the same time, the old meteorite finds and pokes it with a stick. Meteor cracked open and a bunch of slimy Goop sticks to the stick. If the old-timer (Olin Howland with «The Paleface") gets a closer look at it, Goop is attached to his arm. Old running screaming from the crater and Steve almost hits him with his jalopy. Steve and Jane to pick up a guy and take him to see Dr. Hallen in. <br /> <br /> Gallen ready to leave town for a medical conference, when Steve and Jane to bring the old into his office. Scoring draw telephones his nurse to return, as he may need to perform an amputation. Of course, Galen had never seen anything like substance on the human forearm. Scoring draw sends Steve and Jane, to find out what happened. Our heroes run into another group of teenagers, who make fun of fast driving Steve. Steve fool him in the race in reverse, but the local police chief Dave (Earl Rowe) lets him off the hook. Steve and teenagers visit the site to find a meteorite crater and the warm remnants of a meteor. After they visit the old house and rescue a dog, adolescents divided into a terrible movie late at night, and Steve and Jane return to Dr. Gallen office. In the interim, the drop was completely absorbed by the old codger, he killed a nurse Gallen and attacked the doctor. Neither acid thrown into the protoplasm or shotgun Hallen have no effect on clot. Steve caught a bunch of absorbing Hallen. If Steve and Jane go to a police station to report the incident, Dave openly incredulous, while Sergeant Burt (John Benson) said it was a joke. Bert has a vested with teenagers, because his wife died when a car hit her. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane to take them Gallen office, but they can find neither hide nor hair anyone but Dave admits that office was vandalized. Against Sgt. Council Berta, Dave makes the teenager to their respective father. Not before, Steve and Jane to deceive their people, believing that they snugly asleep in bed than they are at risk again. They go to the city and discover the old man's dog, which got them to the supermarket. When they go to get a dog, Steve steps in front of the electric eye door of the grocery store, and it opens. They did not find anyone inside, but they are faced with a blob. Steve and Jane refuge in the freezer and the blob does not attack them. Later, after they run, Steve convinces teenagers who threw his challenge in a street race, to warn the authorities, because he should be home in bed. Police Chief Dave and fire come into the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that is a drop in the store. Around the same time, blob kills projectionist and theater moviegoers attacks. Suddenly, a horde of people get out of the theater and Dave says Steve. Steve and Jane is put in a diner that blobs attack. The owner and our heroes are holes in the basement and Steve discovers that the fire extinguisher to freeze its contents causes the blob retreat. <br /> <br /> The authorities collect every fire extinguisher in the city and managed to freeze the blob, the Pentagon is sending a team to transport the blobs to the North Pole. As the remnants of the clot to drift down to the polar ice, the final credit is a ghostly giant question mark. Producer James B. Harris received a master stock of military personnel military transport aircraft parachute Globe siege and its cargo. <br /> <br /> «The Blob» appeared to hit and drive burst Steve McQueen film gave an additional impulse to glory. If you are not a minor, this little horror film is not scary at all, but Yeaworth and his screenwriters create a sufficient amount of paranoia and compassion for our heroes. They never show the blob actually assimilate their victims and leave it to your imagination, so "drop" is not without a shred of subtlety.
