I first watched it a few years ago at the now defunct Sicilian Channel; strange that the film appeared as heftily-rated DVD from Criterion: not being sure what I did to it initially (although achieved cult status over the years, achieving the proper obviously regarded with modesty, even by genre buff), I have chosen not to make a purchase ?? I made a similar and I FIEND stranger with no face (1958). Lately, however, I managed to buy a BLOB through the Spanish copy of the DVD, which, interestingly enough, a portable for two Audio commentary tracks from «Special Edition» criterion ??, but unfortunately, I could not exclude Spanish subtitles during playback of the main functions ! Anyway, looking at the film again, I was surprised by how much I liked it (despite the numerous narrative flaw that I will get to later) ?? as a pure example of "in-film» schlockiness (atypically shot in pleasant color) and a time-capsule, illustrating the end of the 1950s social . Relationship Men's role was an early role of Steve (n) McQueen and, although the actor may then looked at him with disdain, his only contribution to the genre is quite interesting: do not mind minor kicks, but still basically a decent (and, more importantly, altruistic) child special effects that show the mucosa and expand existing ones is not so bad in its own way and time,. the film rises to a good climax ?? beginning with the invasion of the monster movie theater (showing DAUGHTER horror [1953/7], as I said recently in the review of this film, but when they were curiously screened "flips" and the sequence of which, incidentally, will be shown at the opening of the Italian satirical program actually It called "Blob"!). With regard to the truth of minor quibbles I had with the film: Monster Sun is shown traveling ?? it simply appears in different places without being seen by anybody!; It has embarrassed over-emphasis (equivalent housing) scraping on children with the police; it's silly to have a city doctor Shoot Blob ?? as if liquid, regardless of its share can be destroyed by bullets!; equally senseless teenagers has to notify citizens about the danger by visiting door to door (especially when you consider that at this stage, only McQueen actually seen the monster in action!) Here's the sequel appeared in 1972 under the name beware BLOB!; the original was then rebuilt in 1988 ?? I watched it not so long ago, but it seems, has not made an indelible impression on me (even though I know Micheal Elliot likes it). For the record, I will stick to this review with two more collaboration between the director and producer Jack H. Harris Yeaworth, namely 4D MAN (1959) Dinosaurus! (1960).
