Films such as Chocolat, beautiful work, and others are moving French film director Claire Denis in the upper echelon of the world's most unique and experienced directors and its 2004 film Intruder (L'Intrus) adds depth to its portfolio. Cinematography verse conveys the mood abiding loneliness and loss, the film provides insight into the human psyche, which is compounded by the physically and mentally, and who travels to different parts of the globe who are looking for redemption and peace, but finds it hard to find Based on the memoirs Jean-Luc Nancy heart transplant, ocher film so relentless opacity, even after the two views, it is difficult to describe it, other than subjective, impressionistic terms. <br /> <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a man in his seventies, who are likely to die from heart disease, and who, as a professor in Ingmar Bergman strawberries, trying to reach an agreement with his errors life, while he has time. It is clear that he is physically strong and very rich, but I think, emotionally drained, and the look on his face is one of quiet resignation. Although we see only one episode of violence, where he gets out of bed in the middle of the night to kill the intruder, there is an ominous sense of it. It can be a scout, a foreign agent, or killer. <br /> <br /> In any case, it seems, it is in some sort of supervision and acts as a man who was involved in a criminal offense and is only now able to see the consequences. Face close-up throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in the house in the Jura Mountains near the Franco-Swiss border and has alienated his son Sidney (Gregoire Collin), whom he had long been neglected. Sydney lives with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loire-Caille) and their two children. In one telling scene, he meets up with his father in the street and called him crazy, but that does not stop him from taking your money. <br /> <br /> When the film opens, we meet Antoinette, Swiss border guards, who sits in a van with a trained dog to you ripped some contraband. When she comes home, she met her husband, who asks her tongue in cheek, if she has "anything to declare?" In addition to these three entities, people and circumstances that we see during the rest of the movie can only exist in the imagination . Louie Louie three women in his life, and we meet them in the first half hour of the film: the pharmacist (Bombay), which is preparing his medications, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle), who is a dog owner who refuses to care for their dogs when it It goes away from the trip, telling him that they were as crazy as he is, and ma Ada Russian dealer body (Katia Golubeva), which he says he wants "the heart of a young man" and. <br /> <br /> Relentlessly, she pursues him throughout the film, but it is, perhaps, only in his head . in the last section of the film, Louis travels to South Korea in search of the heart transplant and Tahiti to deliver the gift to another son, whom he had not seen for many years, and perhaps never seen. His heart transplant, however, po- apparently, a metaphor for a man without a heart, a man whose life was exciting, but ultimately pointless, uryvayuch camping in the lives of others with little real empathy. Intruder contains a haunting guitar soundtrack Stuart Staples band Tindersticks, resembling a guitar riff from Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man and beautiful cinematography Denis regularly Agnes Godard. <br /> <br /> Godard creates memorable images that convey the mood of sadness and regret: the heart beats alone in the snow, a child in a sling, looking for a good two minutes of the father, the child's expression gradually transformed from a grim half-smile in colored streamers blowing with newly christened ship, massage in a dark room the mysterious Korean masseur, and the vast expanse of the ocean can be seen from the deck of a ship bouncing. Although protection can be frustrating because of the elliptical nature, Denis makes us respond with our own experience to understand the images on the screen at a very personal level. If there is any subject, a hint can be found in the discovery that tell us what is revealed piece by piece in the film - "your worst enemies are hiding in the shadows, in your heart."
