My opinion on this matter in our local festival, where people will see me as often they thought I was a better source than I actually can be started with a shake of the head: "Well, I can not summarize the plot, but it in fact, an excellent character study very terrible person. " Then a certain embarrassment, I ran into someone who really knew what went down, that is, from which Trebor unwittingly becomes his new heart. He would be my last film for a long, long day at the festival halfway. Maybe I dozed off. The better the film, the more likely it is that the dreams that really sent me a dream. I do not know. You know there was a turn O'Henry aching just beyond my comprehension how things ended. And he knew that had to do with the heart, hence the relaxed fun talent. My schedule is the loss of the comments were more concerned with the subtleties of Trebor connections in France, his relationship to the dog for women and so on, I was cheerful material. Denis just look at details that could be linked to treatment with other director. <br /> <br /> But I am writing these things too often from memory, especially the festival films, films whose DVD I do not have on hand (Le Lait-de-la Tendresse Humaine is one of many examples.) and the plot kinks are disappearing much faster than the broader experience. Nevertheless, or have already, L'Inrus in my memory for the rest of the character study of a kind of dark side of the superman, super villain entirely settled in the genre or historical attributes, but an active and credible, relatively soft voice, mobile, but patients, right in the middle us. Scar after it reaches it, making it, just visually, I mean, in the image of a kind of hybrid Frankenstein's monster, the mad doctor and create an all in one. The actual physicians of his tools. If he does not obtain and install Heart himself, it is only because it is not possible. He has the power, always a parasite consuming all those affected by it, and, finally, himself. What else? To suggest that he gave us, the First World vs. Third, it seems too simple, as it is powered at least in their fellow first worlders, all of us <br /> <br /> Denis camera eye. - when he looks at things that I know - there is, as a rule, where the mine is, so I'm inclined to trust her when she looks at things, I do not know. Snow trekking, too fast cycling, and forest darkness I knew in the details, but the South Seas is not at all, so I made the best entrance to L'Intrus, France and crystalline islands its end than in fact Travail. L'Intrus, for me, it is very convenient disappointing film. This sequence places painted a familiar, with the intimacy that allows us to know them already we have seen the reality or not. One image, Trebor cycling, his massive weight on a thin racing footage disturbed air sounds and screeching tires, asphalt tape, dark-to-bright sun evergreen, cued me that the film is linear, road trip, one will controlled attraction. <br /> <br /> Despite the personal power of Trebor, he is a person fail. No matter who he is with the fact that he is one, although, apparently, it was not always. His body interrupts the life twice, first you need a new heart, that, in spite of this. L'Intrus tragedy. Trebor is vanity. <br /> <br /> I navigation threatening thread, I remember. Let's leave it at that.
