1989 film Pedicab Driver Hung Summit is considered by many to be his masterpiece. I agree to some extent, as the film in its biggest part really gets how incredible and fantastic as any Hong Kong movie ever has. This combination is very good and well-written drama, interesting and pretty (and not cute) characters, some really funny sense of humor and really is a top hyper kung fu, which is guaranteed to make many jaws drop, if someone is not familiar with Hong Kong movie watching film, and, as it does for experienced lovers of unique industry. <br /> <br /> summit and Max Mok Siu Chung play two drivers Pedicab, living in Hong Kong in the middle of the last century, I think. They travel by taxi and also desperate love. Summit interested in the local bakery girl Ping (Nina Li) while Max one day meets a mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Yan He falls madly in love with. Many other characters are familiar, too, and they remain pretty clear all the time, when the viewer is really focused on the film and its plot, so I can not say that the film is confusing, as it could have been much worse, especially in Hong Kong! Soon we will know, for example, that the ruthless gangster family terrorizing the neighborhood, and, of course, their violent actions affect our protagonists, too, and the premise was created so for some of the most incredible fight sequences choreographed kung-fu. As well as some good drama. <br /> <br /> The film has a great cast. Guides are all very good and discreet (not hurt badly on the action, and "humor" as otherwise the large eastern condor Summit (1987), for example), and they also, through a carefully written script, quite nice and easy to identify . The cast includes many familiar HK people of film and director in small roles like Corey Yuen Kwai (legendary director of Action and director of such films as Savior Soul 1 and 2, Ninja in the Dragon Den and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2), the obstinate composer Lowell L Coon Tina (John in The Killer, and School Ringo Lam fire and prison in the fire, among many others, Pedicab Driver included!), a veteran Shaw at Jia Liang (which from the summit is February fight with sticks), Alfred Cheung Kin -Tsin (HK Director dark noir classic races in 1988), the late great Ian Lam Ching (best known for his friendly face around HK vampire horror / ku ng Fu / comedies), to name just a few. In fact, cast in Pedicab Driver is one of the most interesting I've seen in any other product HK. <br /> <br /> In the film, there are some interesting moments of peace above all about a love affair between Max and IOC Fennie Ewen and a crisis they are facing due to the nature Lowell Lo. They could really is quite a serious piece, to get so serious if they wanted to, as the debate on human values ​​and the meaning of love done, no matter what your past is or is not what you did for a living and truly effective in the middle of the film immediately becomes much more typical than our average points kung Fu fighter. Other characters efforts to cure things are very touching and speaks enthusiastically about a lot of right human relations and friendship, and, of course, love. Nevertheless, I think that says Fennie Max (the future "bad cooking") is very necessary and tones potential of all segments and its theme down quite effective, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> But then we get a thing the filmmakers were more interested in all. that this action, outrageous and over-the-top action. The fight scenes include traditional kung fu, some sticks, meat cleavers, and the like, and they are used here, as in hysteria, as in most terrible kung fu scenes I've seen in any film ever, Jackie Chan P 'they master II (1994), they are actually that great! There are wires, and they are used very wisely and people literally fly in the opposite corner of the room when they get kicked or punched. It's amazing, and again something just Hong Kong cinema can deliver. In addition, dangerous stunts, force the viewer to keep his / her breath, when the film has a fast car against Pedicab chase sequences and different looking dangerous jumps and twisting of the body flying through the air and the crushing force with a hard assignment. Nevertheless, the filmmakers do not seem to "take" the violence in the film as the summit, as the late Bruce Lee, to give up after the final bloody mayhem on the gangster villas, and I think that this kind of fighting spirit, no matter how obvious, shallow or maybe it's a good thing, even in a harmless film like this, like a movie appointed to be much more than just mindless entertainment. <br /> <br /> The film also has some very witty bits of humor, I'm not sure that everyone in Hollywood or in America (for example) would understand or at all. Hilarious gag Star Wars at the beginning, of course, among them, it literally made me laugh when I realized that I have seen. In addition, some funny scenes created with passion itself for Ping. However, the greatest surprise-filled laughter came during scenes painted in the former pharagraph as images of big and tall men fly with great force across the screen to the walls or furniture just insane and so breathtaking, I just can not hide their feelings and thoughts about these producers of oriental films, when I witness something like this, and it is not nothing but a positive response and appreciated, of course. <br /> <br /> Pedicab Driver is one of the most incredible fighters Hong Kong, that I have ever seen and easily Summit among the greatest achievements. If a couple of minor drawbacks was not, it can assess more clearly and more. 8/10
