This is a gentle, quiet 1950s comedy. Kim Novak belongs to a coven in Manhattan. It is fascinating neighbor Jimmy Stewart from boredom, but eventually falls in love with it, losing their strength. See wizards are allowed to have "hot blood", but not love. Elsa Lanchester Aunt Novak, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is her brother, the same thing. Zhingold is the main witch and Ernie Kovacks Sidney Redlich, an author who specializes in writing about witches. <br /> <br /> I described it as a comedy of the 1950s, because it could hardly be mistaken for anything else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from the set decoration, wardrobe and through the story, the performances and direction. Take the character Ernie Kovacks. He is referred to as "drunk and nut." But as the film demonstrates these features. He asks for a second drink, and although he always wears a jacket and tie, like other gentlemen, hair is a little long and disheveled. This is strictly 1950s version of the drunks and nuts. Nothing is out of place; all neat and free of dust. Soles of shoes Jimmy Stewart a little scuffs. <br /> <br /> And the zodiacal Club, where to hang witches. This is called "low-dipping." However, it is clean, dark place with polite waiters, a quintet of musicians, neatly dressed clientele and potted plants against the bare brick walls. This is not my idea or your with "low dive" - ​​not even to Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​immersion in Greenwich Village Julius or The White Horse Tavern or San Remo or Swing Rendezvous, and the now-defunct lesbian hangout. Sign of the club is high dive compared to this. <br /> <br /> kookiness we always hear about subdued by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is surprising because it runs around the apartment in bare feet. And she wears a lot of black clothes, like the beatniks period did. <br /> <br /> But not against all this. This is a pleasant romantic comedy. Kim Novak effective as Gillian exploiting primitive art store for uptrodden. She has an amazing beauty, cumbersome and ethereal at the same time. She slips and does not go, and the subtle presence. Her eyebrows seem to be drawn to a set of French curves plastic. And Jimmy Stewart is pretty good, both bewildered and enchanted victim. In the 1930s, he used to play roles in the lungs. In the postwar years, and during most of the 1950s he was tortured hero, but then he puts his first experience in a comedy to good use. Who could resist laughing when Zhingold forces him to wear a headscarf, and drink a decoction of disgusting putrid liquid to cure him of his curse Novak? It's good to see him as a puppet instead of angry and perturbed man of principle, he was in danger of becoming. Richard Quinn directs the film quietly, without fireworks and special effects, and does some interesting things that might not have to play. Pay attention to the scene in which Novak casts a spell on Stewart as the face and ears of the Siamese cat seems to blend in with amazing eyes Novak. <br /> <br /> Ernie Kovacks in the 1950s was known TV presenter. There has never been anything like Ernie Kovacks Show before - or after. This brings the word "surrealism" to mind. He could put the five minutes are dumb and unbelievable stunts in a deserted room with a concert only Bortko for orchestra in the background. And he made a perfect sketch, using the character of Percy, dovetail effeminate poet. Titres kind of jump Condoli Brothers, but it is a chance, because these two guys - Pete and Conte - were virtuoso trumpeters with independent careers in jazz ensembles. Conte was later a member of the group Doc Severison on the Late Show. <br /> <br /> Johnny Carson's third act kind of bogs down a bit and become more "romantic" than a "comedy." But it's never boring. The entire film rolls so neat how to play Van Druts and kids will probably get a kick out of it too.
