I can see B, B & C and to feel all the emotions I felt when I first saw it 18 years well, maybe all, but Miss one.Certainly K.Novak lost none of its appeal in silky almost half century.She was thinking boys Diana Dors.A those who think young people are now collecting their pensions can be summarized restore heart - hastily collar - tighten, blood - pulsating fell they felt when she looked straight back in the days in the eye when they they say that they have never had it so good. Now, huddled against the cold and the fear of being robbed's Hoodie, they flood the house as fast as their gouty knee can wear them with a video store, relatively happy in the certain knowledge that the triple - locked relative safety of their fourth - floor tower block flat they may recover only a small fragment of their lost youth and may reflect that love really is eternal. This film Miss Novak Golden Moment.She grabbed it eagerly and gave the performance a strange sensuality combined with hypnotic awareness of their own sex - appeal and, in spite of all this, she convinces us that her character has a surprising and seductive innocence . She completely dominates the Honorable Mr. J.Stewart, who seems resigned to handing it movie.Misses E.Lanchester and H.Gingold offer comic together with Mr. E. Kovacs, whose talents are inherent in strict proscribed.Mr J.Lemmon plays Miss Novak's brother .He is the beatniks, the kind that disappeared as soon as he realized that his existence would be recognized mainstream.Some more hardcore beats reinvented himself as a hippie later.Certainly few years they have become figures of fun, 1958 and Mr. Lemmon not overly concerned restriction drawing one. But everything else is just tinsel, Miss Novak - bathed in a particularly beautiful Technicolor spectrum - is the sole Raison - d'être for "Bell, Book and Candle" .It survives, its reputation is enhanced, as the ultimate showcase for one of the most beautiful women in Hollywood. Any moviegoers ignored critics, Miss Novak will continue to fascinate to this enigmatic smile constantly thinking of the old forces have to click «Play» button on the day of DVDs.One, probably after we are all gone, it will be found new generation, which will be - belatedly - understands that it is quite possible for a woman to be a full - wearing sexually attractive and at the same time.
