John Van Druten in "Bell, Book and Candle" wonderful and unexpected fantasies of a bunch of modern witches who live in New York; It was obviously an attractive film property. It was part of the star for Gillian Holroyd, her former publisher of forced-favorite, Shepherd Henderson and her rebellious family and the wheel, including a surprise fiancée Shep, hateful Merlot Kittredge, against which the chance of Shep Gillian begins its magical spell casting. He even had Pyewacket, Siamese familiar with timely miaows, Sidney Redlitch, fake witch expert claims of brutal and bad manners. In short, it seemed, the manufacturer may grossing magic. And so it proved. So many things that were right about their products, there was only one element is not perfect; but I found the rest of the fun, charming and very consistent and entertaining. Let's start with the fact that the writer Daniel Taradesh retained the best qualities of a fine theatrical games, but opened his stage to include Greenwich Village and other areas of the scene in New York. Technical product was beautiful, with film of the legendary James Wong Howe, an excellent score by George Dunning, more than clever sets and bathrobes Diazh Louis Jean-Louis. The attractive cast were Wolf Barzell, Howard Maknera, Janice Rule as the Merlot, Ernie Kovacs how Redlitch, Jack Lemmon, both naughty brother GilliA in, great comediennes Elsa Lanchester and Zhingold as a witch colleagues and beautiful Kim Novak in one of the most moving parts of both Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was the perfect element in my opinion, it is well with comedy parts of his pieces, but he was never convincing as a publisher in New York, and a little too old for the part just to Henderson. But director Richard Quinn used dimmed lighting, a change of pace, and unusually folded arrows to show the odd witch parts of the film, keeping the rest of the very luminous, but only in their imagination. The main plot of the crisis in the film comes true, when in fact falls on Gillian Henderson, who does not believe in witches at all. She started just push him away from the bride, her arrogant college rivals. Later, when Henderson is trying to get out, he keeps coming back to it - and realizes that he is under a spell, as she apologetically tried to explain to him. ..Meanwhile, Sidney Redl has been called magical spell to come to New York to sell his book Henderson. Of course, he knows nothing of magic, but very confused and wonder why he came anywhere at all; but brother Gillian enlightens him. All goes straight to the end in this romantic satire, Gillian proves his love for Henderson, losing its strength - that is what happens with witches, if they really love death. Of course, he never wanted to confront her, anyway. The film has a vigorous dialogue, charm, and a little "magic" in its own charm Fey witches and suffering Gillian should experiences in his battle with him, and to win the man she loves. Excellent end of this beautifully photographed and unusual novel makes it amazing realism, although fancy, just about full, on my view. Memorably wonderful.
