Game Bell, book and candle has been a favorite of mature actresses to do summer stock and take on the road. One well-known story, told by director Harold Kennedy, was Ginger Rogers insists that her then husband, William Marshall, who was not an actor, Costar with it. Marshall wore a wig, and when he walked through the doorway, he caught hanging on a nail, and left behind, hanging at the door when he walked on stage. <br /> <br /> The game has been successfully adapted into a beautiful color film starring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Zhingold Hermione, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. It's light entertainment, a normal kind of witch family (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and publisher (Stewart), who lives in their home. The most expert of them is hot, soft voice, Jillian, who would like to be normal. One night, Stewart in her apartment, she fascinates him, using her Siamese cat, Pyewacket, and he falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> «Bell Book and Candle" was filmed on a set of magic that replicates New York. loads of fun movie. Jack Lemmon very funny in a supporting role as the brother of Gillian, a musician in the witch and warlock loaded Zodiac club. He uses his powers to turn the street disable and enable casual woman. Janice Rules are ideal snobby rival ex-college Gillian currently dating Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a great turn as the eccentric who wrote the definitive book about witches. Lanchester Zhingold and, of course, always cool, crazy Aunt Jillian and Lanchester Zhingold as a kind of voodoo queen. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak is well suited for Gillian, giving the character a proper detachment witch show emotion when it becomes necessary, and this voice, fabulous person, and a great wardrobe, she, of course, is magical. Stewart, in his last foray as a romantic lead, Kostars with Novak, as he did in Vertigo, and they make an effective team. It supplies heat, it delivers cool, and in some way, they are together sparks. This, of course, it is much more elegant than in the «Vertigo». Magic movie well on Sunday afternoon, good for Christmas (as part of his passes in Christmas), and very well, if you feel like smiling.
