After a while, you get to the movie that defines the values ​​and shows you the true depth of human emotions, leaving you drained. Vivah just ?? maybe more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I really thought that Bollywood has reached its peak and will never come up with something like this - ever. Boy, I was wrong! I went to the store to buy some food and decided to choose this film up to par with the new "Don" (so I can compare Big AB with Shahrukh ?? although the decision has already been made, in my opinion). After discussion, if I have to spend almost three hours on a meaningless movie, I decided to see what was realizing that I had nothing to do. When I saw a U rating instead of A, I was glad that at least this is where I do not need to watch half-naked woman with bad acting without doing anything but dancing at every opportunity they get, and making out with every guy to show they have more skills in bed, than Hollywood actress B. For the first 5 minutes or so, I thought I was again subjected to a senseless story with bad acting. After all, everyone who saw Shahid Kapoor knows that he has never gained its fame as an experienced actor. Boy ?? I was wrong about this movie. This film captured my interest after the first 5 minutes and would never let him go. It was a great movie with a good story about the disappearing traditions of our society. I liked that not only the director was brave enough to make the film, where the younger generation can not refer to a concept (from the perfect marriage), but also the fact that he did it with conviction (this is done correctly). I have no idea why some people think that their action was not good. I felt that the action was great, and even though the score can not be considered the best ever, it was still very, very well. Good thing, the music will grow on people over time, as it happened to me after I watched this movie for the second time. Another good thing is that the songs are not pushed Thee in script as we have seen in many films. These songs really tell much of a story, and certainly a useful addition. Just like Ajay Devgan went from a joke of the great actor (after the company), and Salman has found his groove after «Hum Hain Aapkey Kaun"; this film will help Shahid Kappor jump to be the best actors and actors in Bollywood. This is the first film in which I had him and his role like. He worked well and adjusted to be a good good looks young rich kid. Yes, you will not find him playing basketball and scoring every point on the dunk, as you saw in Shahruk DDLJ (even if it is shown to be an Indian in England ?? the two countries is not large in basketball, by the way), he comes across as a very plausible, as a man who holds true to its values. Amrita Rao, first came across as someone to remember. In all of his other films, she competes with the great personalities that actually make it more difficult. No one knew how good an actress she really is, as long as they do not watch this movie. Some of the scenes in which she has to cry, especially towards the end really show their knowledge and depth of action. Despite the fact that she was in another movie, she is the most memorable in this. I think this film and should do wonders for her. Move Rani ?? Finally, there is another girl who, if given the proper chance to work with a good director can grab the torch from you. She is beautiful with a loud voice and a face that exudes complete innocence. About having almost 0% fat does not interfere with (yes people, I urge you to find even 0.1% of fat on it, and, unlike many others, like Sona she really can act too). I thought I would never be fascinated by the beauty of someone after Madhuri and Kajol's early, but it has completely changed. Shahid and Amrita have worked very well together, and their relationship has been their characters, and they both did a great job (even though I was expecting to become a shahid girl, Salman did every time he spoke «Hum Hain aapkey Kaun"). When I finished watching this film, he left me so emotionally drained that I decided to see the movie again (immediately). Yes, immediately. I've never done this. Not even with DDLJ, but this film is just something that had to be clear, again and again. I will probably watch this movie for the third time over the weekend just so I can see and experience the traditions we grew up with. I miss the days when families sat and fun. If the time the parents for their children, and where children respect what their parents believed. I know that many people think that the film does not reflect real life, but we do not want in my heart to make it happen. Family tradition you, love and respect. That's what this movie will remind all of us. I can assure you that this is a very well made film that you will enjoy. I am sure that some young people do not like this film, but if you are over 28, I doubt that you will be one of them.
