Absolutely brilliant film! Trnka, a master puppet animation, opposes totalitarianism in this, his final film. It would have been prohibited by the communist Czechoslovak government (at that time), despite the adoption of the highest award of the country's animation. <br /> <br /> In this dark and captivating short film, the artist tries to create a new pot for his beloved plant. He happily doing their work in a dream that his plant will grow to be a beautiful rose. Suddenly, he immediately knock on the door, and in this giant omnipotent hand comes, which is trying to force the artist to make the statue of his type. Artist resists as you can, but in the end he becomes overwhelmed by constant attempts of the hand to make him obey. He becomes the brains; intelligent zombies. At this point, hand line connects the artist, puts him in a cage, and uses it to the statue's hands. All this time, the glorification of the artist and his award medals and honors. <br /> <br /> inner thirst of the artist, to be able to express themselves freely, which helps him to triumph over his indoctrination and allows him to escape his prison, whether it can be a literal or in his mind, and return to their home, where he must now live in constant fear of the wrath of the almighty hand. He withdraws into thinking that he is beyond the reach of the all-powerful hands, but in the process he puts the plant and pot high, hoping that it is out of arm's reach, and he ends up falling on his head, killing him. inevitabally artist destroyed his own creation. All because of the constant fear that he had to live, as soon as he hands in a line running. Once dead, the hand draws the artist as a great man, a national hero. Unfortunately, not in circumstances or for reasons, which the artist would like to have in mind. <br /> <br /> Trnka condemnation of totalitarian society, and their lack of the right to freedom of expression dark, exposing remarkably animated. It is not surprising that the government banned it because it is not their native media that people are addicted to, and perhaps will even listen. It was clearly not acceptable. A wonderful example of civil disobedience and the effect of the artists that he may have. And another very important today for many parts of the world, from the US to the Middle East. Must see and identified 10 out of 10! Talk about driving with a bang!
