At first I did not want the film to be the cause of his Nazi swastika drama.But after purchase, and when he saw him, it was not so bad. I've heard so many complaints about the amount of short and Ilse Werner sings. Now I understand. Radio show was super program propaganda radio. Ilsa, Johanne and Zara plus Rudy Shruki and artist Kurt Widman and his orchestra and Food Cantics ex Cetera never appeared in radio show cause singer and groups were pop-jazz and swing categories. Leg that is adjustable, for tourism occupied areas for the soldiers of shortwave radios for soldiers as nightclubs and hotels in Berlin and Hamburg, and only records sales. Therefore, Ilse was not allowed to sing in the film. It will be composed musical environment budget, make music, in 1942, in which it will be demonstrating its whistling.But is an excellent example propaganda.Inge Eichhorn and her aunt, played by Ida Wüst, go to the Olympics in 1936. Aunt forget their tickets, so Inga should wait until her aunt will be back with the tickets. She meets CARLE Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She goes to him, and it's love at first sight. they plan to marry, but the Spanish war get in the way, so he had to make concessions to the right side.Carl Raddatz as many people complained it was really nice and easy. If he made a sacrificial path, and they put a mustache on him, plus his own tan, making it easy to see looking.You Nazi soldiers acting normal, like a scene in which a former butcher and his troops are in France, and they steal from the farm and pigs they are going to make dinner, while their leader did not offer to save the pig. This reflects Adolphs animal rights extremism. The character was a butcher at the present time soldiers. It was a subtle put-down against eating.Late meat on the World War 11, Herbert flies in the German plane. We remove one of the pilots, Herbert takes over. We remove his aircraft. They failed. Unfortunately for us they have seen survive.Another Nazi soldiers go to the Catholic church bomb now is to put down a Catholic, and best friend sends Hubert, played Joachim Brennecke begins to play on the organ, Beethtoven, .more bomb comes from us, the Church more than a bomb soldiers remains and play the organ, it is regarded to leave. We eventually wounding him. Propaganda message? Church organ because of its becoming dependent on it.It wounded him. You see? Until now, Inga with her or her mother or grandmother, played Hedwig Bleibteu, the same German Grandame actress who played Aunt Mary canvas in Weiner Blut.Well, later it comes to a short appearance on the radio show. It should not be a musical revue, such as Kora Terry released in the same year were as Rosen in Tirol, music, as well as their side of the war as it should be only fall back. It was basically a romantic war movie.It easy to take a pot shot at those soldiers in the movies, but in real life, many of the soldiers were forced to fight the Nazis, reason and work to pay monthly, that they will receive, after the war, many of them who survived to regret it. This is a good classic swastika. The only problem is that now you have a neo-Nazi and Nazi scalp that looked the same films that reflect their worship of Hitler and them. They have a disturbing sites that exploit these classic movies to raise money for his madness. Be careful, most of the time, this is a direct hatred only the classics. If their script looks like they glorify him, his Nazi website .go to miss it IGFU or German films wartime dot com, Amazon dot Di German or video on the network. They are legitimate. 01/23/10 Mada error was not a friend of Herbert, who was killed in the church. He was a friend of the character Malte Jager in Schartzscop.
