Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor's friends, they both wires in their respective bands; Anton Brian Jonestown Massacre, and Courtney Dandy Warhols. What is interesting about their friendship, they are competitors; his love-hate relationship. Sometimes the two of you hear them compliment each other, but in the next moment, they complain about how stupid and they absorbed it all. While Dandy Warhols went to Rich's commercial success, BJM still stuck in the underground; and for a good reason why. <br /> <br /> Focus Dig! more towards Anton and BJM, as they have much more substance. They are the most dysfunctional group. During the concert they will fight and beat each other. Anton struck the other member, when he feels that they are not properly perform. With the amount of drugs, alcohol they consume, always waiting for the fight to happen. You know how people go to car races to see when a huge accident occurs; so people will go to their concerts, for the fights. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. Always considering themselves as a musical messiah, he wants to change the music and create a revolution, but he could never get out of the underground. He is a very talented musician, it's amazing how many instruments he can play with such skill. But he draws back, he can not leave the world he created; prolific musician stuck in a black hole of drugs, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, the Dandy Warhols have had their own problems. They did not find much success with their first album and are constantly struggling with her record label. But they have found great success in Europe. But Courtney continues to be drawn back into the world of Anton. It is interesting that both Anton and Courtney both had what others need. Courtney always wanted to be musically gifted as Anton, although Anton would not say he needed a commercial success, it was a dandy to make their revolution. <br /> <br /> For seven years, of course, the film crew followed these two groups, there are a lot of footage. There's never a dull moment in Dig!. He is constantly moving forward, because he does not have time to slow down, how much he should say seven stories in 1h 45mins it is hard work. Ondi Timoner has done a great job of pasting one of the best music documentaries, making always wanting more. Even if you do not like the band still deserves viewing; it goes beyond music, to reveal the great success story of failure. <br /> <br /> You will not be disappointed.
