Excellent documentary, ostensibly about friendship and subsequent rivalry between the two West Coast retro rock 'n' groups: The Dandy Warhols and the Brian Jonestown Massacre. What he really is a portrait of a psychopath border - Anton Newcombe - and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, for the musical documentary, there is hardly any music. That is - snatches of song, more often than not torn performers - it's casual, but not central. Although the protagonists of the band, the story is not about music, but about purely American version of the British myth animated way of life, that is, one where no one has to take responsibility for themselves, as the spoiled teenager on a permanent basis. Tantrums, drugs, violence, grossly dysfunctional relationships, narcissism is a truly epic scale - all of this is whether positively encouraged justified, because it corresponds to some collective ideas that rock 'n' a. The film is the first documentary class, but raises more questions than answers. For example, why the music of Anton so conservative? For someone as wild and outrageous (and he's wild and defiant), his music seems never advanced beyond the most obvious conclusions from their 60s idols (The Stones, Velvet, etc.) to someone who He claims to be able to play 80 instruments he never took the time to learn to play any one of them at the most rudimentary level. In the same way as The Dandy Warhols burning ambition are based on the vision of rock'n'roll, which is strange petrified in 1969. Nothing wrong stylization, of course, but, of course, there's more to the musical life than constantly playing a cartoon from the late '60s s why they did not take any risks with their music - how their role models do? So, one suspects, is not about the music. Music just an accessory, prop, or a reason to bring completely dysfunctional and irresponsible life. But why? In the case of The Dandy Warhols, the answer is obvious: make a lot of money and be recognizable. Big deal. Case Anton Newcomen interesting. He's obviously very talented, but every time he is given the opportunity to reach a wider audience, he sabotages it, as a rule, in the most dramatic way. He is afraid of success, and at the same time, deeply perturbed by someone who has it - especially his former friends Dandy Warhols. Exciting movie. Highly recommended.
