A documentary film about two rocks bands covering several years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and The Dandy Warhols. What makes it special is the study of complicated contrasting individuals and paradoxes of success and failure. <br /> <br /> Anton Newcombe, the main man Brian Jonestown Massacre, has been widely recognized as a musical genius not only to his colleagues, friends and rivals The Dandy Warhols, but also record producers and most of the people who worked with him. Unfortunately, he and members of his group are not able to integrate with the real world. Newcomb picks fights with band members on stage or audience members (arrested in one place in just a foot in the fan's head). Newcombe has no limits ?? it plays from 40 to 100 different instruments, writes and produces music in all BJM, able to produce enough songs to fill an entire album in one day, there is a prophet, like an obsession with his own musical genius, but also a major consumer of drugs, flying in rage at the slightest compromise of their own artistic integrity, orders his group members that as if they are the lowest forms of life, and may undermine the deal as quickly as he makes them. BJM to go through a lot of record labels in quick succession ?? they sign them as soon as they realize that talents Newcombe and release them as soon as they realize that it is completely uncontrollable. <br /> <br /> Warhols recognizes its duty creativity Newcomb and do not put themselves in the same exalted realm of greatness ?? but Warhols have what BJM do not ?? the ability to integrate their talents with the common sense in the real world, and the market ?? as a mixing pot of talent (even if much of it was removed from the guru Newcombe) and accessibility, they very definition of "cool". Dig! standing parallel careers of two bands with increasing severity. At some point, Newcombe pull tricks for creating advertisements, sending the obvious threat of death and a message of hatred for Warhols (in a box containing live ammunition and insults as soap dish "to clean up their acts") ?? but he forgets to tell them, that it is a trick, and they get so paranoid they take out a restraining order against Newcombe. By the time the Dandy Warhols takes off in Europe with hits like "Every day should be a holiday" and «Bohemian like You», Newcomb becoming more isolated. BJM stops and group breaks when they are arrested for marijuana possession in ?? Warhols busted drug about the same time, even with a warning, and even allowed to keep the grass. <br /> <br /> In a broader appeal DiG! genius that lessons against accessibility It goes far beyond the two groups or even rock music. the disadvantage is that it is still a documentary, but intimate, and it's basically just an appeal to the loyal fans of the film, or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of said groups. Newcomb also can be largely unrecognized genius, and there are glimpses of this trick in the movie, but unattuned ear has a little more than statements of people interviewed for this witness. According to one member of the group: "In every spiritual tradition, you burn in hell to pretend to be God and not being able to support it." Newcombe not pretend ?? but quantitatively there, maybe not enough people to appreciate it in their own lives, and dig! It has an uphill battle to correct the balance in favor of the tortured, but largely unrecognized genius.
