I watched this movie Alongwith my complete family of nine. Since my younger brother recently got married, we could connect with the habit. The film is released the classic touch of romance an enabled couples. Fortunately, this time, have been used all Indian locale like Ranikhet Almora, etc., that have already visited most of the city, thus adding to the mix with the film. Dialogues are much better than in the «Umrao Jaan Ada" - a film supposedly based on dialogue. Background music Complementing the "soft focus" of the film. Somehow it reminds me of VV Chopra «Kareeb», in which Hex and in some degree, Bobby did full justice to the character. Same thing here, is that the leading pair did not disappoint in any department-droppers or actions. Supporting cast too well. I appreciate the actress playing the role of Bhabhi in front of the league. The situation of family interactions depicted are real and you smile when you find yourself in the place of one of the characters. The songs were very satisfying scene and goes on well with the film. Nevertheless, although I respect Ravindra Jain body of his work on the film before the Ramayana, I missed Ram Laxman bad. <br /> <br /> It was not ambiguous (Sivan category), Edward bikini, sun intrigue, not stupid, you would comfortably watch a movie with my parents, except if you have already or will soon do. I want to express to open things here that although Suraj believes that marriages between families and not just individuals, its approach is quite individualistic. The film is only about Prem & Poonam, the remaining characters are random. Art immitating life? The "peripheral characters" will be doomed to the background, but only protagonists are the lead pair. <br /> <br /> Coming back, everything was almost perfect. In addition, for the drama part. The situation has been artificially created by the tragedy. Exodus, the victim and the subsequent change of heart is not convincing at all. That is why it lacks the emotional punch, the very purpose of such a turn of events. But the twist in the tale was necessary to overcome the film with beautiful premarital video on "a feature film." But I was waiting for a blow, and he never came. Sermon on Bach Mohnish later Alok Nat dowry is inappropriate, and it made things too overboard. Maybe it will help the film status taxed. But the story could be made more interesting and non-linear than it was <br /> <br /> There were also a question in my mind, when the film ended :. 1 Has the film is really over? 2 to finish the film?
