<br /> <br /> I'm sure that things are not quite going the same way as in real life Homer Hickam, as they did in the film adaptation of his book, Rocket Boys, but the movie "October Sky» (an anagram of the name of the book) good enough to stand alone. I have not read the memoirs Hickam, but I'm still able to enjoy and understand their movies. The film is directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis colic, writes the story of a teenager Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), since October 1957 he was called to the sound of radio, bringing news of the Russian satellite Sputnik, the first artificial satellite into orbit. We see the image of the blue-gray of the city and its inhabitants: mostly miners working at Olga Coal Company. One of the miners listen to news on the radio manually, as it is part of the elevator shaft, but the signal is lost, he disappeared into the darkness, losing sight of the starry sky above him. Melancholic violin melody fades with this pattern. After that we will get a boost of Elvis on the radio in the car, as the words on the screen tell us about setting up October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his buddies, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman ODell (Chad Lindberg), we are talking about the football test. Football Scholarship only way out of town and work in the mines, for these boys. "Why jocks only ones who get to go to college," Homer questions. Roy Lee replied: "They are also the only ones who get the girl." Homer does not make it in football, like his older brother, so that it is intended for the mines, and follow in the footsteps of his father, as my foreman. As long as he does not see the point of light bands across the sky in October. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to fly into space," says Homer. After failed attempts with primitive rockets and (Natalie Kanerdey) fence to his mother, Homer enlists in the botanist Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer, "What do you want to know about the missiles?" Homer quick anwers, "Everything." His science teacher in the Big Creek High School, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) largely supports homer and four boys work on the creation of missiles in the basement of Homer. His father, however, whose life is mine, do not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste their time on rockets that coal mines are all that matter. Coal from the mine is used to produce steel without steel, there would be nothing in the country. The complex relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most touching relationship I've ever seen in a movie. Miss Ryle introduce Homer to the idea of ​​joining the local science fair, with a chance to win a scholarship to a citizen and a college. "You can not just dream out of Coalwood,» she says Homer. Homer and his friends act on his dream, constantly working on missiles, improved models with each attempt. Despite numerous attempts, the boys do not lose their resolve. "What are the chances we win that science fair" ODell asks Homer in one of his more desperate moments. "A million to one," Homer replies, "That's good," ODell replies.? "Well, why do not you say" Music composed by Mark Isham, conveys sadness and hope at the same time, especially in the sad moment? Homer goes down into the pit and lose sight of the sky, and his dreams of withdrawal from Coalwood. Reckless 1950s rock 'n' roll, including songs by The coasters and Buddy Holly, sometimes pushes instrumental pieces to the side to create a light-hearted mood, which contrasts the life of adolescents with miners life. The film, photographed by Fred Murphy also uses colors to whisker Allyavi mood and symbolizes. City Coalwood, actually filmed in Tennessee, washed blues, dullness and brown tones. It's like dirt from the coal adheres to everything- person, clothes, houses and roads. If a couple is in a sparkling red convertible stops to ask for directions from the boys, it is obvious that they are from the world outside and Coalwood Olga Coal Company. book at a controlled design rockets that Miss Ryle gives Homer red. Red stands out enough against the blue-gray world Coalwood symbolize the "come out", but it is still thin. Red fleeting allusions to the world that Homer only dream about. Jake Zhillenhol expresses this desire, hope and perseverance, as Homer Hickam, it's hard to believe that he was not the real Homer we see in reality at the end of the film footage. Chris Cooper is also very believable as stubborn Homer's father, who does not recognize or does not want to admit that mine is not producing enough to keep the city alive. Gomer, and all who support him in his rocket, it is known that the city was dying. they stay together, gathering for showcasing the boys rockets With society falling apart only way. Again, I am sure that all happened exactly as the movie portrayed them, but the film would be without its share of idealism? "October Sky» has just enough, which makes it a perfect film and enough moisture to keep it real.
