October Sky is a highly praised movie and it¡ | It s easy to see why. History is easy to understand and a lot of turning points clamps, actors and actresses are doing a pretty good job, especially Jake Zhillenhol and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and it¡ | s the real story. Frankly, I believe that the achievement of director¡ | It s not comparable with sparks and heat creates the original story. We don¡ | t see particular story or cinematography; the strength of the film belongs to the many riveting plot and a tough situation the young hero is trapped in this very audience will find themselves identifying with the characters. We believe, Homer¡ | s desire to earn recognition father¡ | s, and create their own future, and its resistance to win our respect. ¡§October Sky¡¨ reminds me later in 2001, the Japanese production of mini-series ¡§Rocket Boy, ¡¨, which might owe some inspiration from this film. In fact, these two works, taken from two different cultures provide an interesting comparison. If October Sky unfolding story of a young man who shouts loudly demand his right to his own destiny, ¡§Rocket Boy¡¨ offers a description of the security which was sometimes broken can be a scathing critique of modern society. Starring an outstanding actor Yuji Oda, ¡§Rocket Boy¡¨ focuses on three people, as ordinary as it may be: a travel agent who has a dream to become an astronaut, boastful advertising agent who is on the verge of being broken his inferiority complex a result of the extreme success of his father and older brother (like what Homer feels in his family), and food company employee, who is going to get married, but he is afraid of the idea. Assembled public consciousness imposes its definition of success on its components and steps further to get them to stifle their dreams, claiming that their ¡§impossible.¡¨ To compensate for his lost ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) works in the travel agent because it¡ | called ¡§Galaxy.¡¨ if his client is not his, but his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds the strength from their father¡ | s words that are identified as a sailor, but later found life at sea less attractive as he suggested. ¡§But I don¡ | t regret it, ¡¨ said his father Kobayashi, ¡§at least I tried.¡¨ This is his father¡ | s recognition that motivates him to leave their jobs and apply for astronautships, despite the fact that he hurt his leg and had to move around in a wheelchair. Kobayashi¡ | s efforts finally fails, and it returns to the travel agency. But it ¡§crazy¡¨ courage inspired his friends and all his loves. Shortly before the end of the series, Kobayasayte to work as a space camp guide meant to allow children to learn more about the astronaut. After the tour ended, we see him leaning against a tree, turning the sheet poster, he tore off the board that says: ¡§Astronauts required 2004.¡¨ Kobayashi is looking at a sheet of paper and laughs and laughs, as well as the child looks on your ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi can never get what he wants, but he decided his fate and ¡§just it.¡¨ makes this series so the heart does not capture because the hero discovers any exploits, but his everyday life and stop the desire to realize his dream, which It makes us wonder and envy. Unlike other Dilbert or corrosive works, this show educates us and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi is a dream, and they do what they can, despite other people¡ | s opinion. I recommend to other users IMDB, to see the Japanese TV series. If you are nine to five, you'll feel more touched. I'm sorry that IMDB doesn¡ | t have your data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan to help you.
