Based on the fact, it is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), growing in the coal town in West Virginia, where usually the fate of the boy had to "end up in the mines." But Homer was his view of the sky and love flying missiles, to the dismay of his father's mine foreman and horror of inhabitants in general. Unlucky perhaps he and his three friends are equally rejected starts to make missiles that they were going to scrap barren land eight miles from the city, so that is no longer terrorize the community are often times errant missiles. Unfortunately, most of the city and especially the parents of Homer (Chris Cooper) believes that they spend their time. Nevertheless, people are intrigued and soon the crowd will start to come to see «Rocketboys» send their homemade rockets. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school understands their efforts and lets them know that they can become competitors in the national science fair with a college scholarship is a prize. Now the gang must learn to improve their skills and overcome the many challenges facing them as they shoot for the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a well known name for his movies such as Jumanji & Jurassic Park 3 and "October Sky," certainly stands above all of his other films. Without a doubt, "October Sky» is his best effort and, obviously, his best film. This is not only true story filmed very well, but even in the movies, she every thing that is necessary for top-level movie. And together with the extraordinary direction of Johnston, some exceptional characteristics. Jake Zhillenhol was about 19 when this film was released, and he gives a beautiful and natural performance. He is an excellent actor. Chris Cooper, his father, too, gives a very clear picture. The same goes for Laura Dern and also it looks beautiful. Even the remaining performances are very good. Background score was fine. Very inspiring film that raises your spirit sky high. One of those films that will surely inspire you for the rest of his life. Amazingly inspiring film with loads of entertainment. Not to be missed.
