Simple and effective film about what life is all about responding to the challenges. It took a lot of gall to Homer and his friends to be able to grow in maturity without falling into the trap of collecting the future, which goes from father to son, to be a miner in the local mine and will never get out of this fate. It took three and a variety of problems for Homer and his friends to win personal freedom and future. The task of the first in the history of man-made artificial satellite 1, a Soviet satellite, a milestone in the history of mankind, a turning point that Homer and his friends could not help but notice, did not want to miss. Then the problem of science and applied mechanics to calculate and design a rocket from the ground, or rather from the fact that they could meet in the books and order in their minds. Finally, the call of the world, that resists and refuses and tries to get you back in the pack, even with a late accident that causes you to get back into the bag for simple need to survive, and even Homer proved that he had the courage to accept the challenge blocked for some time their plans and dreams. But there is another side to the story that the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the project bearer, but he is also a bearer of inspiration, he and his friends are in need. If he is the one who is going to receive a higher stipend, because his friends gave him the advantage, his friends will also be able to obtain on their own roads and paths in and out of the mountain of destiny, thanks to the energy of his inspiring example set in their eyes. It's hard sometimes not to follow the example of one who, like a beacon on the difficult path. But the film is also effective to show the father resisted the dream, because for him science was not a true human tissue, as well as mining or football. The fate of the working class, which was so present in the 1950s and 1960s, and is still present in some areas are too often used the traditional way of thinking of his father. If the mother does not have the courage to say one day, the fate of the working class, I say, it is a huge trap. There is also the film is effective and he has to do some parents think. This could be the fourth challenge Homer had to face: the challenge of the way, that was not the one shown on and programmed his own father <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine and Paris University. 1 Panthéon Sorbonne
