I lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the movie Main Prem Ki Deewani Hoon, about a year ago, I have seen here for Vivah promo, which looked good. But I did not want to spend your hard earned money by watching it in a movie. If the movie was released on DVD for the first time I shot him, and looked, and I loved the movie and took it back to Sooraj. I just finished watching last night again and this time I thought I should review this movie. Sooraj R. BarjatyaGot it right this time, well, I was not a big fan of Hum App Ke Let Kaun. But I always loved Manie Pyar ki, after Manie Pyar ki me, I think it's Vivah Barjatyas better job. I almost never cry in a movie, but this movie made me feel like crying. If you've ever been in love then there will be many things that will touch you in this film, the film is too sweet and will have you falling in love with him, I think the film is significantly undervalued. <br /> <br /> the story of this movie you could call Desi and very old times, but it seemed to me, modern, because the two couples who are wed to know that it is an old tradition. This is done at the moment, many people do not believe in this to get married, but I do. Travel between the engagement and the wedding that will always be special and this film shows it clearly. If Prem meets Poonam for the first time, they show it as it is and it is a reality, and my parents, where it is said that they were married, and he showed it in a way so real and people the way Pret and Pune to meet in this film most marriages are. It was very nice, you feel nervous yet excited, song «Do Ajnabe» demonstrates that very well. Returning to the story, but it's a journey that you will soon get glued to between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao), and there are families. Rotation takes place in the film, which is really good, the last 30mins you will reach for the tissue box. <br /> <br /> What makes this film so strange is that the chemistry between Prem and Poonam, as they fall on each other too sweet. Simple boy and a simple girl, when they met for the first time during and after the song «Do Anjane Ajnabe» This is very nice to watch, it is unlikely that something speaks Prem makes all conversations are honest with her about his past and the girl he loved and its smoke. Then it leads to all of them, having a family trip, and then, if they really fall on each other. It makes you just want to watch a couple and see all the sweet moments that they have. Another factor is that Poonam Chichi really means to her, and you feel sorry for Poonam, because she was treated badly and makes you want to see her happy, and when she finally finds happiness, you also start feel happy with her film basically makes you fall in love with Poonam is more than just a premium. If she finds happiness through the Prem you want it to remain happy and also hope that nothing goes wrong, because the character is shown as a simple sweet girl. This brings me to plays and Amrita Roa as Poonam amazing in the film, her best work to date, you fall in love with this innocent character and its roots on to find happiness. Shahid Kapoor as Prem impressive, it is the support of Poonam in the film, he is her happiness movie together they share a strange chemistry, and I have never seen a more attractive couple since SRK and Kajol. If Ishq Vishk not touch you telling you how cute they are together it will surely be. «Mujhe Haq Hai" song and the fact that they show surprising chemistry. Scenes that touched me was when Prem takes Poonam in her room and shows her that there they would be, and he opens it, and they have a point between them, that is too sweet. Again, if you've ever been in love with someone that a lot of these scenes you can connect defiantly. Milk film just to see you ever. <br /> <br /> Direction stain on me a good movie, basically something that can get me and stop me to believe that hours, which is being considered here is fake, and there are feeding their camera. For me, this film took me, and for those three hours, I felt really connected with the film. The songs you just really like it if you saw the movie, they are songs that are in the situation, after I saw the film I was playing songs non-stop! Country music, history is amazing as well, what more can I ask for? <br /> <br /> The fact that I can finally say, rarely do we get a film that makes us feel good, this film after you have seen it make you feel really good, and you want to do to get better. Its basically sweeter journey ever, it basically shows you that they travel between engagement and marriage, and many people say it's Bestest of your life ?? Well, this movie really shows you the way people actually said that? Why do people actually say that the journey is just amazing! Watch this movie and you will know why the journey is amazing!
