Watching advertising the film, I was pretty sure I was going to hate it. On the one hand, it was one of those "based on the novel" films, which usually means that the author saw the script, hated him, and refused to be associated with the film. Worse, the trailer shows only the most mundane farce conceivable (for example: the child gets splashed in the face with a garden hose ... and falls). So when my younger brother got it in mind that it was a "must see" movie of the season (of course, he was thinking the same thing about "Cars," "Over the Hedge", "ants Thunderstorm", "Monster House" and Mr. .d., etc.), I was admittedly less than thrilled. <br /> <br /> But once in the theater, the film won me for several reasons. First of all, the authors capture "child dialogue" is better than just about any other children's film that I have ever seen. A striking example of this comes right after the main boys accidentally eats a worm stuck in an egg omelet. Guys are doing a bad, is exaggerated impression of their principal lectures, making it realistic, because all the little kids think (wrongly) that they make great mocking expression of his adult executioners. Then one of the boys asked: "Why did he say," Alley oop "?" The other boy replies: "Maybe he's crazy" And the whole group laughing deafeningly. Nha too witty retort, but these are the things a young child will come up in place, namely the type of comments of other children his age would find the paddles. As if to confirm this, my younger brother laughed on cue, when they were uttered on the screen; I could almost hear his voice hitting the exact same line when he was placed in a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason why the film works, the authors were able to work on issues such as bullying, sibling relations, the new kid in school, and peer pressure / compliance without making any of them, it seems as if they were podagovory for some after-school special. For example, scuffing (Jo) is stereotyped; he's definitely bad, but not pure evil, and just enough of his home life it turns out that the public feels sympathy for him and realizes his bullying origin. There is also no "Cue dramatic music" moment when Billy ( «Worm Boy») understands that a complete set of tools he is to his younger brother, Woody, and yet, by the end of the film, some types of minor changes have been made. There is some realism here is how the characters solution to the situation and how they relate to each other, and come across as a little corny. <br /> <br /> The only drawback of the film comes in the form of absolutely ridiculous dance scene that even a dance party creators of the infamous McDonald's in «Mac and Me» will scoff. Why oh why he was put in the movie ?? Perhaps Austin Rogers (Adam) stretch Culkin and refuse to take on the role, if he was not given a car to demonstrate their oh impressive dancing skills? The entire sequence definitely should not be there, and it was a little less than the value of any of the comedy show on «The History Channel». <br /> <br /> In general, however, the film was excellent, and the length (about an hour and twenty minutes) was almost perfect. One of the best, most realistic live action films kid you'll ever see, if you're ever around children or just remember that as a child, was actually like.
