I've never seen this movie before. I was on the edge of my seat, laughing throughout the film. I never thought that such a horrible actor there it was just too funny. The story behind the film well, but scenes of the movie does not display them. I have never seen such a stupid movie of my life, so I think it's worth watching. I give this movie 10 out of 10 for being the most miserable film ever made, this film seems to be that it was only designed to be a waste. I mean the scenes seem fake, and the actors act as "camera is in front of them." You get hit just look how lame this movie, my friend and I could not stop the jokes in the movie, the Darth Vader guy who is trying to get the girl got ran more than once, but twice, the second time he got ran it sounded, he said, w! # Although he did not speak in English lol. If you watch this film you will think of yourself that all those other movies that you do not like you took it for granted they are much better than this. This movie must see out of curiosity, as well as what kind of movie we determine inaccurate. Angry snake meets a girl so many times, it was funny, evil snakes just roared and roared and let her go at any time. Angry snake had so many chances, it was like God was trying to say hurry up and have a girlfriend, how many miracles you want. The transition between scenes leaves you wondering, I missed something? So many plot holes from scene to scene. I laughed like crazy when they decided to "flee to Mexico" to get away from the snake. Hmmm abruptly border will save you from the snake from Korea? Interesting ... very interesting .... I think jumping the border solves all problems . another scene, which completely stunned me .. they met for the first time and had a romantic scene on the beach, they kissed and did not even know each other ... the scene was so formulaic and there was no substance, at least in the other films, it may It seems logical afterwhile, but I mean, they just MET, even if they have a sense of rebirth there was How they immediately fell in love instead and developing. In any case, the movie is worth watching for opening my eyes and see the light. The bad Hollywood movies will look like the sky, when compared to this. In the end, it is necessary to look to you will not bother you will be busy criticizing every minute, every scene in his head.
