"Hollywood Hotel" is relevant to many films like "Ella slags" and "Merton of the Movies" for someone to win the contest including a contract to make films in Hollywood, only to find your way to fame and paved with traps or non-existent, on the fact, as I watched it today, Turner Classic Movies, I am considering whether took the authors of the later music of the classic «Singing in The Rain» some of his ideas from the «Hollywood Hotel", in particular, the most temperamental guest star lady in movie studios and the withdrawal of one person sings the cost of film while another man received a loan, mouthing along to the screen. <br /> <br /> «Hollywood Hotel» is a fascinating example of creating movies in the 1930s. Among the supporting players Louella Parsons, played by himself (and, despite some of the negative comments I saw that she has a very ingratiating face on the screen and its natural command line). It is not only a real person in the scenario. Perc Westmore makeup specialist for a short time is, like himself, to try to make one character resembles another. <br /> <br /> This film was also one of the first in the career of the young Mr. Ronald Reagan played on the radio interviewer movie premiere. Reagan is actually doing very well in his short scenes - especially when he realizes that no one Dick Powell is going to take over the microphone, when it should be used with more important people <br /> <br /> Dick Powell won the contract in Hollywood. competition, and leaving his job as a saxophonist in the band of Benny Goodman. At the beginning of the film, by the way, it is very impressive, as the disk group in the parade of trucks, to give a proper goodbye to Powell. They end up singing «Hooray for Hollywood." The most interesting thing about this amazing amount of is that the lyric was left on purpose. For Johnny Mercer lyrics links to such Hollywood as Max Factor make-up king, Rin Tin Tin, and even a hint of Tarzan. But the original lyric song called looking like Tyrone Power. Obviously, Jack Warner and his brothers were not going to advertise the leading man 20th Century Fox, and the name of Donald Duck has been replaced. In any case, the number of impressions of singers and instrumentalists of the orchestra Goodman at his best. So I did after five minutes of the film, where the band rehearses. <br /> <br /> Powell left the band and his girlfriend (Frances Langford) and is sent to Hollywood, only to find that he was a contract player (most likely for musicals featuring saxophonists). He meets Allen Joslyn, studio publicist (owner Grant Mitchell). Jocelyn is not a bad person, but he's busy, and it tends to peel off people when you need to not talk to them. He parks Powell in the room at the Hollywood Hotel, which is also where the temperamental star studio (Lola Lane) lives with his father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd), and it is reasonable, if cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane, Jean Hagen in "Singin 'in the Rain", with the exception of her speaking voice is good. Her version of "Dan Lockwood" is one "Alexander Dupree" (Alan Mowbray, stealing the scene with the ease of a few times). The only difference is that Mowbray is good guy like Gene Kelly and Lane (if not wrapped in her ego) is fully aware of this. Seizure at the time of bypass for beyond the usual role she wanted, she refuses to attend the premiere of his latest film. Jocelyn is a double for her (in real life sister Lola Lane Rosemary) Rosemary is playing the star at the premiere and the subsequent party. But she visits with Powell (Jocelyn wants someone who does not know the real Lola). This leads to Powell churning Mowbray, when he makes a pest of himself. But in the rest of the evening was a success, and if the two together, they are beginning to find each other attractive. <br /> <br /> Complications dealing with Lola back and slapping in the face Powell, after Mowbray complaining he was attacked Powell ( "and his band of thugs"). Contract Powell redeemed. Working with the photographer turned agent Ted Gil (actually not that bad in this movie - he even tries to make imitation Zholsona at one point), the two try to find a job, in the end, as the staff at the hamburger stand operates bad tempered Edgar Kennedy (number of broken dishes and sing customers in the restaurant gives Edgar a lot of time to make it a slow burn with an appetite). Eventually Powell gets a "break", being hired to be the singing voice Dupree in rip-offs «Gone With The Wind». This leads to the final part of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert, and Healey help give Powell a chance to show that it was his voice, do not Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> it's pretty cute and attractive film even now. The worst aspects of his time. Several jokes are not related to African-Americans are no longer tolerated (when trying to take a picture of the Powell, he arrived in Hollywood, the Healey accidentally photographed a porter, and mentions in Joslin to follow, the Powell photographed is too dark - get the point). Also a little bit with Curt Bois as a fashion designer for Lola Lane, who (we will speak) too high strung is not very tolerant anything. "Hoo-hoo" ING Herbert bit much (too much time), but he was very popular in the 1937 incident in which Healey almost gets into a fight at the premiere (it was one of his last films) reminds tragic people still mysterious late comedian in December 1937, however, most of the film is quite good, and will not disappoint the audience in 2008.
