The film begins with mentally challenge the girl with a bright yellow sneakers, looking at the sky on a street corner in Madrid and be fascinated by the plane rides. The film explores the lives of five women ?? Adèle, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita and Isabelle ?? having a completely different life and choice of footwear. Their footwear is the first surface, but attached with some sliding value, we get the key to their fragile identities. The theatrical embroidered and decorated, the orthopedic surgeon is trying to reveal the esoteric secrets of the deepest soul of a woman on the sole of the foot. The premise is risky and a bit far-fetched, but the tone and the depth of the film takes a bold step in favor. <br /> <br /> What could be more light-hearted and superficial, fast speed with a magnificent pair of dysfunctional scene that leaves the viewer riveted minutes, seeing the love or lack of it, pain, confusion, hope, needs and avoid mechanisms evolve in minutes various rooms of the house and into the street, and ultimately lower ... what a scene (!), but there will be others to follow more effectively and strengthen the strong response and instructs displayed in this piece of living matter. <br /> <br /> Moving woman lost her husband, whom she loved and inherited his children and his taxi, and the second is completely lost her husband emotionally, sexually, mentally, but not physically. Ghost pending divorce ?? reproach, regret and remorse. A new love? Can you love a mirage? Can you love the person in the mirror? You can love someone, you can not love? Do you think that you can not love? Can you love and live, although it will always be a few hopeless? But it is these hopes and dreams that keep us grounded and here in the spectrum of relative happiness? Many are so deep, and the final act brings together people and ideas together to merge into an existential crisis, not having a clear cut decision, the final decision or effective treatment. It may not be thought, a passing feeling, but a solid understanding of the life and artistry and intelligence of the film. Live. Live again. Accelerated coil. Publish real and important; large stones (Piedras) life. The rest is just details.
