I recently went back and watched it again with not seeing him in years. When I first saw the film, I was too young to understand what the film was about. Now, when I saw him again, I could not believe that I missed all these years. For me to be able to see movies the way they are, I think this movie was great. Most people feel as if music is the best part, but I do not think that's true. Most people do not realize how good the story, because it is the judges in action. The truth is that no one in the movie was not actually trying to act, and they are just being themselves. The entire main cast was just playing himself. They did not try to be someone else, but themselves. <br /> <br /> In fact, I was watching and analyzing the work and effort put into the film. Now, from my point of view, the situation shown in the film quite a lot based on what actually happened in the music in Minneapolis at the time, and that most of the things that happen in fact true events that took place in Prince's career and who can say it better than him? Music that comes from the city at the time of start-up must be recognized and revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential in the main in the club «First Avenue & 7th St Entry», which is actually a prince, among other musicians, got his career started. It is also known that the Prince and Morris Day are always competing with each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They have always been friends. Thus, history is mainly played on this aspect of their competitive rivalry, not their friendship, which shows a real competitive side of what happened in the «First Avenue» club during this time. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this movie is good due to the fact that some of the situations that occur in the film is actually based on events that are experienced with the music of Prince and personal aspect of your life. For me, it made the film more realistic, as far as emotions, because he says his trials and tribulations to superstardom. In addition, his dedication he puts into his performances are phenomenal. The prince made sure that every moment of the film was made perfectly. Any time you hear a song playing in the movie he is in perfect sync with the situation at hand. <br /> <br /> The Prince throughout the musical genius and he proved it in many cases. The film that really put Prince on the map officially, and he was not slow since. Anyone who has seen this movie, or still (unbelieveably) did not look even if you sit down and watch this movie you have have to watch him mad, or you'll miss the whole aspect of the film. If you really love music this is definitely a movie to watch. Over what anyone else says, I think it's a great movie to watch on their own.
