This is one of the best films to come from Bollywood in recent years. Certainly not the best this year so far. India on Wednesday, panoramic visual heart of pleasant dialogues and melodious and soft music makes the film exceptional. Slopes image Indianvalues ​​and culture makes the viewer search for his / her roots in them and invigorates the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new life. <br /> <br /> This film is for viewers to enjoy the challenge their imagination and philosophical meaning. If you love to watch movies, to get all your nerves are excited by the on-screen action, sex, or fear, then this movie is not for you, because you will see that the film is not a full 90-degree turns in it. It's so simple a story for a movie, as it can get. But this is exactly where the movie is art. One gets a real life experience, and the best thing is, this experience one full values ​​and hopes. We are talking about the positive side of life, the sweetest things God had fallen on the people, in contrast to the regressive movies that insist on showing Dons, terrorist and Underworlds. It's not about the people who went bad. We are talking about good, still remains, and that keeps the world running. Of course, every respectable genre films, but it takes a lot of guts and talent to come up with a film that swims against the tide and trying to open the public's eyes to the hidden realities and truths. <br /> <br /> Having said that, here's another ... <br /> <br /> The film is a journey a couple of their participation in arranged marriage - yes, it's true, it organized the marriage and the couple get to know each other only through their parents and learn to love each other. 6 months gap between participation and marriage a long time, not full "tempting" heppenningom, but one that feeds the growing love and loyalty of spouses to each other. They learn the importance of their relationship together and this precious period of his life, and work to strengthen the bonds of marriage. But these were sufficiently strengthened? Their relationship will face the test of not only time, but also the state. Will they pass the test? This is what «Vivah» about.
