Significantly undervalued the film, which tells the story of a young musician, caught in an ever decreasing spiral of violence in the family. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it's hard to watch, while the day Maurice portrayed as a misogynist, prince, knight in the (motorcycle) racer, it still aims to strike a woman as part of the script twice. What he can do so and still appear as an invalid, but a proven hero loan in writing. Prince is so free of ego in this film is that it does not only reflect itself as a narcissistic megalomaniac who hit women, but his most famous song figured out how to write his father and Wendy and Lisa. Still further, two of his compositions - Computer Blue (admittedly the weakest track on the album) and Darling Nikki - shows how the songs that kill the audience. Perhaps the only concession to the Prince's ego is a map that lists the (slightly shorter than the Prince) Apollonia is 5'6. <br /> <br /> Almost a full cast of amateur mostly members of the band are playing themselves (and reviewers slate the actors on the condition that they do not show up completely absent in other films dot), and do fine under management. Day Morris gets the most applause for his cute ham, although Jerome Benton should also get credit for bouncing off it as well, especially their stage act cheerful. Day and Benton even go so far as to make Abbott and Costello routine is funny, that takes some doing. <br /> <br /> And, finally, there is a prince. Although I admit to bias, I actually think he's a very good actor in terms of being able to reflect the restrained version of himself. Acting is not his profession, it was a film made for entertainment, so that someone points out that the guy starring Robert De Niro did not think that they are doing wrong murdered. I do not want this review to be ridiculous attack other people's comments, but I did this film is scheduled as having a low budget and be dark lit As if a film about domestic violence shot, then? The full upper spotlights and CGI dinosaur walking in the frame? <br /> <br /> The film acts almost like a perfect picture neon light and skinny tie era ?? until you remember that this was actually done in the world figured irons and tin synthesizers, and it's not some kind of retro-vacation. Best film of Prince with the Oscar-winning music, she sees it in its zenith, and it's sad to realize that, despite the fact that he would make some great albums, it will never grab the maximum again.
