Last night I finished re-watching "Jane Eyre" (1983), the BBC mini-series adapted from the gothic romance novel by Charlotte Bronte, who earned a classic of English literature with Timothy Dalton (my favorite James Bond), as Mr. Edward Rochester and Zelah Clarke as Jane Eyre, a poor orphan's 18-year-old girl, a governess at the estate of Mr. Rochester's Thornfield. "Jane Eyre" was one of my favorite books since I was a 11-year-old girl and a friend of mine gave it to me with the words: "This book is amazing," and so it was, and I read it a dozen times, and I still not enough. Its beautiful language, refined, aromatic and amazingly fresh, dialog boxes, and, above all, the two main characters, and the story of their impossible love have attracted many filmmakers. "Jane Eyre" has been adapted for television and the big screen many times, 18 according to IMDb. The actors, both famous and amazing Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles, William Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg, George C. Scott and Susannah York, Ciarán Hinds and Samantha Morton have played a couple who overcome hundreds of obstacles made by society, law, religion, differences in age, background, experience, and fatal errors that will hunt one for many years. Of all the films I've seen only one, 300 minutes long version of the BBC since 1983, which follows the novel closely and where Timothy Dalton, who often plays a dark, brooding characters are not just playing Edward Rochester brilliantly and with the class, it was Mr. Rochester - mocking, living, force of nature, powerful, hot, sexy, and tormented by the master of Thornfield. ZIL Clark was also convincing as a sweet, gentle, intelligent, and strong Jane, who feels deeply and full of passion mixed with pure reasoning, and quietly but firmly willpower <br /> <br /> Posted on September 17, 2007 :. During the last two weeks, I have seen five "Jane Eyre" movie, and it was a great experience. There is something to admire in every film adaptation of "Jane Eyre", even if not all of them are completely successful. This version is still my favorite film "Jane Eyre."
