Playing the character of literary classics can be a little poisoned chalice for the actor, paying for the pleasure of fleshy character, compete with fantasies of generations of readers ?? not to mention the numerous other actors who have besieged the castle before. Fortunately for dreamers, this version ?? with a well-cast ZIL Clarke and Timothy Dalton ?? It stands head and shoulders above the version that came after him. This is the right length to make the story complete justice, and makes significant use of cracking Bronte dialogue; none of this modern intervention in the side, reducing the text and adding new and worse stage. NO <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story is the tension created between the central characters, and life circumstances make lead for them. Jane ?? "The poor, simple, and a little" ?? grows on lavish charity cold aunt, its nature and its independence, formed a long spell in a very hard school. It comes as a governess in the family of Mr.-Rochester, quite lonely and alone. She displaces itself habitually with a long and bitter experience, but her passionate nature soon finds his touch paper in the stern, sharply intelligent, mysterious master, to which it refers, as he said to her, forces beyond their control. Rochester caged tiger busy "paves the hell out energy ", potentially dangerous for everyone who comes in contact with it ?? but "penetrates through a slot or two," His character is unusual in that. it takes extreme liberties with pay subordinates, but Jane is not an ordinary employee, he sees But a dark secret, and. severe tests, before both of them. <br /> <br /> it's nice to hear the wonderful dialogue Bronte said such experienced actors ?? Dalton, in particular, seems to have formed on the passion Brontean scale. If you only ever saw it as not very memorable Bond, you have missed the most, it is best. Those who have already noticed that it is too beautiful Rochester, release the essence of these dramatisations: his character is just too much screen time for a really ugly man to keep the viewer's attention. Timothy Dalton is just not always and invariably beautiful, but often casual, strange as it should be. And Jane Clark ZIL Sun wallflower; it conveys the emotion of a woman who normally suppresses her sense of humor and her hot nature very successful, allowing her occasional flashes to show a more dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> Recently, BBC aired an excellent staging of the enlightened and the most disturbing back Jean Rhys in Bronte, "Wide Sargasso Sea", imagining the background of the first Mrs Rochester. How to check it ?? you will never see a "hero" to "Jane Eyre" in exactly the same way again.
