1983 BBC production of "Jane Eyre" starring ZIL Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE IT) has always been and will always be my favorite Jane Eyre. If you look at any other version of Jane Eyre, without reading the book, it will be like a regular watch some movie that you'll forget the next day. But look, this is almost equal to read the book. I watched this miniseries a lot when I was a kid, and they inspired me to read the book. At that time I did not pay attention to how close it is television production was in the book. I recently watched a version of Jane Eyre in 1996 and was very disappointed. He was only 2 hours long and there was a lot of important scenes from the book (for example, my favorite gypsy scene). After that I fell in love with this "Jane Eyre", even more so because it includes all the important scenes from the book, and he just tells the whole story (the other versions do not, if you have not read the book). <br /> <br /> stock 1983 Jane Eyre fine. It is true that Timothy Dalton is very handsome actor (quite nice to play Butler in "Scarlett", and Julius Caesar), but it is as wide as the Rochester, I can not imagine anyone else playing the role. And ZIL Clarke, no doubt, only Jane, who is worth describing the book. Another thing that makes this movie so great, the clothes and make-up of actors. Jane looks so modest and naive as Bronte describes her (even though she does not look 18, but you really pay attention to it? ...) <br /> <br /> Some people say it's "Jane Eyre" for too long, but I would like to spend their entire day watching it, you spend 2 hours watching some other option. Some people say that the film is dull and boring, because Jane does not quite keen, and because it lacks the "kissing scene . "I hate it when they do Jane Eyre some" Hollywood movie "with inappropriate kissing scenes. you do not have include a "crazy, madly in love" stage to show the love between Jane and Rochester. And ZIL and Timothy to express this love is so good that there is no other scenes needed !! I am 19 years old and a lot of girls my age refer to this film as "dull and old-fashioned." But I can only regret, because they do not appreciate the purity and beauty. in the end, a novel set in the 19th century, and that the old-fashioned kind of makes it more attractive and more like a book . <br /> <br /> I do not think there will ever be any other version of Jane Eyre, which will be popular and loved it. No matter who plays Jane and Rochester in other films, the real Jane and Rochester (for me at least) will always be ZIL Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
