I recently saw this production on DVD. This is the first time I saw him, as he was originally broadcast in 1983, and it was as good as I remembered. In the first, how worried would seem old-fashioned, and I believe that it is a bit outdated and very verbose, the BBC series was then. (I miss those wonderful costume drama, which always seemed to be on Sunday afternoon at that time), but that aside it is so close at all, as it could be. I'm a little purist "Jane Eyre", as this is my favorite book, and never saw another production, which is the exact book like this. I recently re-read the book, as well as some of the dialogue only on the spot. Reading scene near the end where Jane Rochester doubt that St. John, I noticed their words were clearly reproduced on the screen and Clark Dalton and done perfectly. <br /> <br /> All the other works, which were made all seem to lack a certain extent, some of them even get out of the "River" of the family and their relationship with Jane at all. I also think that it is only the production includes «Gypsy» scene done correctly. <br /> <br /> The casting is perfect, ZIL Clark, Jane is described in the book "a little plain and dark," and I do not agree that she looked too old. Timothy Dalton may be a little too good-looking, but he is absolutely perfect as Rochester, painting every aspect of his character is just acting his socks! I agree with other comments that it even seems to be a pretty scary time, as in the scene where he turns slowly in the church, when the wedding is interrupted, his expression fantastically scary. But then another favorite scene it's nice to see the joy when Jane runs down the stairs and into his hands the morning after they declare their love for each other. Love, which is beautifully portrayed and plausible. Ah, to be loved by a man like that! There were a few scenes that were surprisingly absent, however, as when Jane rises to sleep with Elena dying, and if Rochester takes Jane shopping for their wedding things (I thought that one was in it, but maybe my memory is playing tricks). <br /> <br /> And finally, if you never see the other products of Jane Eyre - you just see the most is one thing, it's just perfect!
