* SPOILER ALERT: I would like to discuss it, without revealing the specific story, but I can not. Unfortunately. * <br /> <br /> I was looking for a review of the film IMDb George C. Scott, when I came across a summary and reviews for this version. It's been so many positive reviews, I decided to order it, even if: (a) while the truncated and rushed, I think George C. Scott embodies exhausted nature (and appearance) Rochester books on T; and (b) even looking at the cover of the DVD, I thought, "Do not Timothy Dalton is too good for this role?" The last concern is reinforced by the fact that I decided to read a book while the DVD was released. However, at that moment I started to look at it, I was captured by the first it was disconcerting to hear the dialogue of the 1840s did not say, as it is written -. with little or no attempts at modernization - but Dalton Clark rushed into her so deeply, I really enjoyed the fact that the adapter trusted the audience to follow and haichnym speeches, In order to have as many books on the screen was an added bonus. I know someone who will not watch any version of Jane Eyre, because "who wants to see a movie about a man who keeps the poor crazy woman ? in the attic "Honestly, if someone who has not read the book, ran for half an hour or two hour version, they will think that it's pretty much the whole story entails - Rochester secretion and its influence on everyone around him. Fortunately, this version is in fact about the whole life of Jane Eyre. <br /> <br /> Some people have criticized the casting. Dalton too daring; Clark is too restrained. I can not argue with the first point, but he is so "now" that I believe he Rochester. For me, performance evaluation on Clark. Jane Eyre quiet, secure. If you recall the book, so that most of the adult incontinence and passion Jane happens during her private struggle. Some of the criticisms upset me. Observers say Clark is too short, not quite nice. The book goes on endlessly about how small and plain Jane. Ms. Clark must not be high and filmmakers toned down their looks to make a statement Jane her lack of beauty trustworthy. It can hardly help if Dalton is high. Some say that there is no chemistry between the leads. What? !! The scene when Jane finally comes out of her room after the wedding, the collapse rather vibrates with passion and longing and regret - and this is just the first example that comes to mind <br /> <br /> I agree with some. other criticisms. I also missed more scenes with Helen Burns, and brothers and sisters of the rivers. Some of the dialogue were surprisingly truncated. If Rochester announces, "Jane, you underestimate me. I do not hate her because she's lost her mind, "I was waiting for the rest of the exchange, when Rochester explains, as if Jane were to go mad, he will continue to love and care for her. This is a strong point of the book, and I wish it was included. I think it was a mistake to cause a scene from Rochester to that part of the story where Jane alone. This may have been done for clarity, but I found it jarring. I would like an insidious sense of humor of the scene where Jane suggests that fell Rochester is cool, and he was rude again, but he can 'like' it over and over. Dalton's performance is so good that rare slip blatant - when Rochester crying in the library, I saw him as an actor doing a crying scene, and not as Rochester. As for the sets, if anyone ever caught an episode of the 1960s show «Dark Shadows» one knows what to expect - a very absolute and sometimes wobbly-looking interiors. Other carefully and succinctly commented makeup job Rochester sport at the end. Yikes! This is bad. Output is too steep. After all this pain and uncertainty, I wanted more rounded ending. And, in my DVD copies that have credits at the beginning and at the end of eleven 25-30 minute episodes it gets to be a little bit more. I mean, I'm so glad that I have this movie and watch it again and again.
