There are many adaptation of the classic novel by Charlotte Bronte's "Jane Eyre", and taking into account the many reviews written about them as a lively discussion on which of them is the best. Short adaptations suffer from the fact that it is simply impossible to cram the whole story of the novel in the film about 100 minutes. length, so these films show only some of the novel. The television series was more suitable format for the visualization of all the different episodes of the life of the heroine. <br /> <br /> There are three mini-series, released in 73, 83 and 2006, version 2006 is not only the worst of the three, but the worst of all the adaptations of Jane Eyre, and a prime example is completely overrated film. beautiful novel lines are replaced by tasteless and the trivial and important scenes either removed or replaced by scenes that have nothing to do with romance. What all this leads to the fact that the characters portrayed have not only nothing to do with Rochester and Jane novel and behave in exactly the opposite way, as described in the book, but also their behavior and language is absolutely consistent with the behavior of the period in which the novel is set . It's silly soap opera, in which the actors look and act as if they were entered in the costumes of 1850ies by mistake. This "Jane Eyre" (how dare he call himself) really slap Charlotte Bronte. <br /> <br /> 1973 version is very faithful to the novel that the long dialogue between Mr. Rochester and Jane is almost the entire length. But what works well in the novel does not necessarily work nicely on the screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is too complicated and confusing to look natural when they talk on the screen, as well as constant interruptions dialogues voice frame to add Jane impression of artificiality and entertainment. And, despite the loyalty of the novel are not captured scene. Another problem is the casting of the main characters. drawing Sorcha Cusack Jane as a bold, confident, kind young woman is completely at odds with the literary model, and Michael Zheyston, although a good actor, it just does not have the physical presence of the commander nor the charisma needed to play Rochester. Although worthy adaptation of it just is not able to convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never captivates the audience. <br /> <br /> All the faults 73 version of the stand fixed in the television mini-series 83 with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although from the point of view of purists Timothy Dalton too handsome, tall and thin, to be Rochester, he has the necessary qualities for the role: He has great physical presence, a great magnetism and air of self-confidence and power. And, despite its undeniable handsomeness he looks bleak and harsh enough to play a grim master of Thornfield convincing. But the perfection of his work is that he does all the facets of Rochester. Of all the actors who played in Rochester, he is the only one to capture them all: the sharpness of Rochester, almost daring, his capriciousness and unpredictability, as well as his humorous side, his tenderness, his concern and deep, frantic love. Language Processing Dalton Charlotte Bronte equally excellent. Rochester even the most far-fetched and complicated thoughts ring exactly and naturally when Dalton delivers them. He is the ultimate Rochester, unbeatable and irresistible, and after seeing him in this role, it is impossible to Rochester to play in any other form or any other actors. <br /> <br /> ZIL Clark provides an equally fine performance in a role that may be even more difficult to play well, than one of Rochester. It reflects the novel Jane, seemingly shy, reserved and guarded the young woman, but who has a great depth of feeling and an equally great willpower. She catches perfectly the duality of the character of Jane: her modesty and piety, on the one hand, and its fire and passion on the other, its apparent fragility and its unbridled sense of right and wrong. She and Dalton have excellent chemistry and their scenes together are pure delight <br /> <br /> As for the loyalty of the literary model this version also quotes verbatim from the novel as it makes version 73, but with one important difference .: Dialogues reduced in this version, but the main lines that are essential for the characterization of the characters and the story are the same. Thus, screenwriter Avoid artificial speech, while fully preserving the beauty and uniqueness of the language of Charlotte Bronte. And unlike earlier BBC essence of each scene perfectly enthusiastically. <br /> <br /> The plot of the novel is even more accurate than the 73 series. It's almost scene for scene the adoption of the novel, where equal time and attention paid to every episode of the life of Jane. This is only the adaptation of Jane Eyre, which has a gypsy scene worthy of a novel, and the only one that does full justice to the key and the most heartbreaking scene of the novel, when Jane and Rochester found after a failed marriage. Timothy Dalton, in particular, plays the scene with excellent craftsmanship. He makes an anguish almost painful intensity of Rochester, he realizes Jane permission to leave him, his desperate attempts to make her stay and his final desperation as she actually leaves him. It's heartbreaking, almost catastrophic, a scene that will remain with the audience for a long time. <br /> <br /> With even small roles completely reject, great script and the two leading actors of this ideal is the ultimate and only true "Jane Eyre."
