To call this brilliant episode feels like too little. To say that it has retained the excellent work of the season premiere is reductive, too, because there's never been away from the big-Soprano episode so far. In fact, the name can be complacent invitation for those who are not real fans will: Come club ... <br /> <br /> Picking up where the junior finished (to put a bullet in the stomach with his nephew after mix it in the crook he scored in the first season), the story begins with Tony future is absolutely normal. With no recollection whatsoever of what happened to him, he goes to a convention. Only he does not speak with his normal accent, and it seems that something is wrong with his papers: apparently, he was not Tony Soprano, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least that's what he thinks, that a group of people, and as long as he sorted out the mess entirely. can not leave his hotel <br /> <br /> Of course, in the pure tradition of The Sopranos, which turns out to be nothing more than a dream: Tony really is in a coma, with doctors uncertain as to his fate, his family ' and friends and worried and younger refuse to believe that it all really happened. Unfortunately, this is true, and Anthony Jr. looks ready to avenge the assassination of his father's life. <br /> <br /> Dreams jumped quite often in the series, often as a kind of spiritual Court of the main characters (primarily in the fifth season of the show Dream Test). Join the club, however, takes a metaphysical quality of the program, already hinted at using the previous episode of the poem by William S. Burroughs, and pushes the envelope of the most audacious way: Tony hallucination of his dead friends (the first occurrence of the kind was caused by food poisoning, four seasons ago ) is one thing, it actually be that the seemingly Purgatory is radically different. See "paradise" of history is crammed with allegorical meaning, not least on behalf of Tony given (as one character shows, writing it in a certain way will give you the word "infinity"), and none of them does not come off in exaggerated or contrived: David Chase created piece of work, which is too smart to use a strange setting for their own sake; All this helps the story. Speaking of "help from above" in the case of Tony Soprano may be stretching it a bit, though.
