Well, I did not get purgatory things for the first time I watched this episode. It seemed that something significant that is happening, I could not put my finger on. At this time, those Costa Mesa Fire on TV really caught my attention- and it helped that I just write an essay on the inferno! But let me see what has not been discussed yet ... <br /> <br /> Overview TWOP noted that Tony was 7 of stairs to go down due to the broken elevator. Thus, a considerable amount of 7 for many reasons, especially religious, but here's another one for you. On the assumption that I consulted Wikipedia, and I think that Dante is divided into 7 levels? Purgatory. With the exception of ante-Purgatory and Paradise. (The material in the bottom of the stairs ... and that Tony can not get.) <br /> <br /> The transition to supposedly "accidental" monk-slap scene. As soon as the monks, it fits nicely in place with Tony tries to get out of purgatory. You can say that he was worried when that Christian business (death, disease, and sin) came, and he was becoming more and more desperate because of his Christian sky looks kind of dubious for him. By the time he meets a monk, he was thinking: "Hey, maybe these guys can help me" sounds like contemplating other religions (eg, Buddhism) and was wondering if any other path may take it on "? salvation. " Not that Tony necessarily in the literal sense to think about becoming a Buddhist, but it seems Finnerty tried (and spoiled). This is a slap in the main Tony says that there is no quick fix- like, no, you can not suddenly take Buddhism and get out of here. <br /> <br /> Tony initially was not too concerned about the sky. But "the entrance of the conference," he understands that it will not be so easy for him. At first I saw the name of the driver against the problem of rights, such as Tony Citing a kind of double life, what with killing people and sleeping around, that he kept secret from most people. He feels free to deal with quasi-Melfi, because "he is Kevin Finnerty." He discovers that he can deceive some people with KF card, as well as in the city of registrars, but he did not get him out of purgatory. That helicopters- helicopters Heaven -. Keeps track of him and all that he does <br /> <br /> After reading all the theories on «inFinnerty», though, seem to be identical KF is a reminder of the infinite variety of ways, Tony could take his life. Possibly together with the car jokes involving the largest that does not make sense to me anyway. Aaaand at this moment my brain out of steam.
