In what is an attempt to mix drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira made this film, "The things that make life worthwhile. "This is not the original opening, many voices you have (quite out of the way), but it departs somewhat from the norm in the Spanish cinema. The disadvantage is that the elements that form the film, do not mix, and while some points are not well developed, more grotesque. the next day in the life of two people, close to the average age. this is basically what the film Gomez Pereira. Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is stationary (parado) is one that, in spite of the strain on the back of dramatic major, seems to want to see things change. Only this explains his desire for a minor could mean a turning point in its existence. in accordance with Audrey Tautou in "Long acquaintance" (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004) Jorge says things like this to myself, "if I find a coin in front of the corner, which is now going to change his luck. "Of course, he finds it starts playing," Today could be a great day "(Hoy Puede ser un dia grandmother) of Serrat and a few crosses on its way Hortensia (Ana Belén) .It is another woman's age of entry languages ​​and a little lonely . Take valerian for sleep, organizes birthday parties as an exemplary mother, says her faith in God and leads to speed lethal mother. Hortensia is a woman of many contradictions in his behavior, life goes on in his head driving data as "70% of people fall in love only once in a lifetime" He said that although he did not have enough Jorge and unemployed and does not exclude the possibility that it is a "sadistic" sleeping in his shoulder in a movie at the earliest opportunity. Later came the communion, dance in a luxurious wedding party in the back of the car and other things that players seem to live a unique experience as it is, but end up doing quite difficult for the viewer. things that make life worthwhile "debate between us drama of two adult persons who do not have any other, leading them to see where their strange relationship, and naadvar Now, we are forced to take the matter as a comedy, focusing on things such as the Chinese singing at a wedding (which seems amusing in itself) or walking drunk man. The problem is that it does not leave us time to get in touch with the players, so we can not determine with a dramatic, and gives us a solid foundation of comics too, leaving all but clean jokes. In the end, everything is mixed in such a way that the viewer does not know very well whether to laugh or mourn, and ends up not doing any. And it's true, something not seen a thousand times, it is not the film that we find every corner of the bend, but it is not significantly different or special as we want to do. Ana Belen (which is apparently much less than 53 years, which in this film) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very pleased to see the work, but this time seems to be comfortable whether cooking in scenes that require him to break the tranquility that prevails in the film, and in the moments as an "accident" with the children dashed things seem to slip out of their hands. Perhaps a very abrupt change, which must be done, but that is no reason to lower vigilance. In any case, both translators easily erected highlight function. "The things that make life worth living" work only to a modest level of entertainment. Any statement that goes beyond this point has not been implemented, as a romantic comedy or a drama like this, we assume that they wanted to do, can not afford to have little moments successfully completed (for bad), like the one in which one of the characters talk and laugh, lost drunk, compared with the boy, who remains in a coma in part because of it. Neither do a lot for people like Rosario Pardo, which makes a typical one launched whose greatest contribution to film the phrase "must be screwed over" and songs from the soundtrack, although large, not just fit. It's true that the film Manuel Gomez Pereira It has its hits (some of the aspects related to Sakristana), but overall it's pain history, a film with good intentions and a good result when the better.
