"Flavius, l Monaca muslmana" aka. "Flavia The Heretic" in 1974, it is really disturbing and uncompromising exploitation of the Italian cinema, that, to a certain extent, be more feminist room (although the level of immorality and cruelty, perhaps disgust the majority of feminists). Set mostly in a monastery, and a nun in the eponymous central character (most excellent performance Bolkan), «Flavia The Heretic" may refer to a film «Nunsploitation». However, this film is quite different from the typical clicks Nunsploitation of time, as it does not focus so much on nunsploitation elements such as lesbianism, sadistic lesbian punishment, etc. Personally, I saw more similarities with Hexploitation clicks since, for example, "The sign of the devil" (although this one is not a witch hunt topic) that focus on the hard crust of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and early modern times. <br /> <br /> Italy about 1600: After seeing her despotic father behead Muslim soldier wounded, the young Flavia forced to become a nun at the convent. When her father condemns a fellow nun to a painful death for some years after the offense, disgust Falvia men's violence against women is transformed into hatred of despotic church, and she joins a group of Arab sinks ... <br /> <br /> One thing is for sure, «Flavia the heretic" is not for the faint of heart, and in this case it is not for those who want happy endings. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi was clearly trying to make a realistic film and anxiety as possible, especially in their nasty scenes. Many torture- and execution scene very disturbing, with skinnings, spikings and other disgusting scenes in clear detail, the most shocking scene is probably the torture of a young nun in full at the beginning of the film. Violence is never superfluous, however. In the end, it's disgusting methods were in fact a reality at a time when the film is set. The film is very well done, with realistic costumes, fantastic setting and a large elegant cinematic account Nicola Piovani. Stunningly beautiful and big Balkan proved his talent in many of the great Italian cult productions (including Giallo-Fulci masterpiece «Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino» 1972). It provides even greater, charismatic performance here, and I could not imagine another actress fitting, and starring as it does. In the film, there are some minor inconsistencies (for example, why a rigid church let eccentric cult of followers in the monastery, in the first place). However, in general I wonder how realistic this movie. "Flavia The Heretic" is not exactly miss my fellow fans of Italian cinema exploitation. It's a big operation Flick as a whole, although it is certainly a deeply upsetting one and, therefore, we must look in the right mood. Especially recommended for fans of the movie disturbing operation. 7.5 / 10
