Flavia heretic is an undisputed masterpiece, and perhaps my number one recommendation to declare that the Euro-exploitation movie strongly undervalued and should not be ignored. This is a smart and complex film, beautifully realized and ?? surprise ?? damn sure! This is more than just a mindless cheap or gratuitous violence, and it's about time these committees prim films that categorization Flavia is forbidden and it is considered to be junk. Flavia handsome teenager fourteenth century, forced to live lives obedient nuns in strict monastery. She refuses to acknowledge that it was worse because she is a woman, and she curses her fellow sister for being so tolerant of this. After unsuccessful attempts to run away, she befriends another rebellious nun, and she even leads squad of bloodthirsty Muslims in the walls of the monastery. <br /> <br /> Flavius ​​is downright fascinating film! Almost impossible to believe that the director Gianfranco Mingozzi managed to make it so realistic and so anxious. I encourage you to come up with a name that focuses on the theme of feminism pioneer intense than Flavia does. Some sequences rather shocking (at the border of a nightmare, actually), the camera focuses on hard rape, torture and mutilation. Nevertheless, all these raw images are used not only to satisfy the perverted gorehounds, please note. I firmly believe that they are part of the application, "Flavius" trying to connect: Mankind (the Catholic Church in particular) has historically proven itself a hypocrite and legible race, and there is no point in denying any further. Films such as "Flavius, a heretic," have the courage to question and condemn our valuable ancestor discovered, and I really admire them for that. Flavia is outstanding and the fundamental operation of the film because of its content, but it is even brought to a higher level on the wonderful cinematography, glorious costumes and scenery and exciting scores Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin very convincing as an ambitious and stubborn nun, but that Maria Casares, who steals the show as Sister Agatha. She misanthropy brained nun who likes to urinate in the open field! Amen, sister!
