I felt that this film was as much about human sexuality, like everything else, whether intentionally or not. We also showed how absurd and paradoxical for women who should not be allowed to such a nationally important event, so forgetting the past our respective "advanced" countries. I'm writing from Japan, where women only gained the right to vote 60 years ago, and women's technical engineers recent phenomenon. Pubs in England were once all the men, the business world has been completely beyond the women in America until quite recently, and women in China were bound feet, so that they can not develop legs are strong enough to prevent their husbands. Iran is convenient to go through this stage in our time, and we get a good look at how ridiculous we all looked at one time or another. Back to the issue of sexuality, we have to wonder what it might be attributed to women that make them unsuitable for the game of football (the official reason is that man is bad). Especially those boyish girl, the couple so much so that you even get the feeling that lesbianism is on the agenda as well. I think one point is that not all women are the same, and a woman police are trying to "protect" are not those who will try to get in first. Opening scenes approach to the stadium makes you appreciate the valor of young women who are trying to get in - and each of them individually - at all. This is the world of human evil. Any woman brave enough to try to go should be allowed! World sexuality is not one size fits all. <br /> <br /> At the same time, girls are detained criminal connection in makeshift pens awaiting their deportation who knows-where, and in a much more subtle way, begin to communicate with the guards guarded. They had definite ideas about women and femininity, which are disputed in the forehead. The change in relation to the ice, but it is visible. <br /> <br /> Since the film of pure Iran from the first moment, it takes a bit of weakening recorded in a foreigner, but the characters have a special way to cute yourself to you, and you will eventually get the whole picture, and even the lack of understanding man understanding and give them slack. Estimated villain invisible patriarchy Ayatollah, who remain invisible and anonymous, and probably forgotten. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this film was made during the actual events of the match Iran-Bahrain gives me a sense of reverence for all participants.
