How do you think the average person would know more / less about: Iranian cinema or the Iranian football? Interestingly, the two come to the forefront of the latest film, the controversial Iranian director Jafar Panahi entitled "offside", the story, which uses football or access to football as the backdrop for a series of scenes that revolve around their right to do something or go somewhere and any individual's right to extend this courtesy, if and when they want to. The strange thing is, you do not go away from Offside, having learned about the Iranian football or too much of the Iranian movie (if it is not education in the disputed Panahi's style), but you leave feeling enlightened, that at least one of Iran made a controversial issue, which is clearly still very a lot of strength in the country such as Iran, and is ready to submit it to an international audience, but do not use it. <br /> <br /> I remember the 2006 World Cup, I'm sure a lot of people. It was the summer after my first year at university and after a tedious, which was my first year, summer is the FIFA World Cup has acted beautifully timed tonic. Needless to say, I have seen almost every game bar the ones they show at the same time with the other one at the end of the group stage in order to avoid incidents, as can be seen in Spain 82, when he thought that in West Germany and Austria It happened to get the result amongst them that would see both of them through at the expense of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Anyone in the UK who watches the broadcast of BBC in Iran ?? Mexico game, the two countries first tournament may remember that at the top of the show, the BBC football presenter Garry Lineker released on a catty comment to present the match. It went something like: "We have seen giants Germany, England, Argentina and Holland played, but now we'll see ......... Mexico and Iran to fight emphasis on the last two, second, it was clear, and that perhaps. watching them was a chore. it's a shame because there are people, and films such as Offside represent them, who really want Iran to play a point where they risk their well-being in order to achieve it, and it's sad when It will be the power to dismiss the fact that they are considered "inferior" when there are others who would do anything to be able to ymasts participate otherwise. <br /> <br /> if you just thinking the words "Iran", "football" and "World Cup", my mind flies back to the game in France '98 between that nation and the United States. That is a film about world Cup game varieties with Iran, but where some or even the majority of the Iranian film completely decided to present a story revolving around the famous Iranian victory over the United States and what it means for them, the director Panahi chooses to look at what happens behind the scenes and is story from the stands as women re Mychko of football matches and not allowed to live the ecstasy of winning the game on an enormous scale. You can imagine the heavy hand of the movie More Iran "victory" as a lumbering propaganda film designed to be used, because they "kill" Western power or "enemy" in the sport, they may need to do it. <br /> <br /> a couple of movies that come to mind when it comes to beating the invincible at their own game are the 2001 Indian film «Lagaan», in which Indian peasants to defeat senior British cricket. Similalry, 2005. «The Game of Their Lives" sees Americans defeat the British at a football game but this time in the 1950 World Cup. The differences between these films and Offside huge; Offside looks at the situation behind the state mentality and dare to explore the essence of feminism as a girl, trying to see his beloved Iran, Bahrain defeat and qualify for the World Cup, rounded, like animals and kept in a damp purgatory simple legs with barred window, which would allow them to see the game. Thinking to do with man's foul language "may" not be, but "may" be used during the game. The film is Iran so incompetent that they can not take away the right of a man swearing and profanity ban, but should prohibit the right of women to see the game all together ?? it is not surprising that the film itself Panahi was banned in Iran. <br /> <br /> But Panahi remember to include something that makes power is so crazy in the first place, often letting his female characters in both cigarette smoke and the use of mobile phones, two things that doctors and scientists will have In your opinion, is much more dangerous for the human body / mind, than to hear a little bit of bad language at a football match. Panahi pays special attention to the title of his film "offside", which in itself is the dominant football detail, when the "attacker" is "caught" trying to gain an advantage in the game field. Parallels is controlled Womens position 'in the film as the promotion (presumably without the right) individuals caught trying to put one over the opposition's team; that is the state itself. <br /> <br /> I think an offside position is one of the best films to come out of the Middle East and adjacent regions of the Gulf of Mexico that I've seen. It's stressful, but humiliating film about people who do not bear any effective history according to the IMDb, and thus acting is raw and real, adding that bizarre neo-realist aura all. The immediate ending of the obsessive and constant verbal battle between men and women soldiers of the wicked, who dared to challenge the state is excellent. I also think that for those who do not really like the movie, for the reasons that I mentioned show a clear level of stale, or anything you are working in the Iranian government.
