In Iran, women are not allowed to visit the men's sporting events, apparently, to "protect" them from all the curses and swearing they can hear coming from the male fans (yes, men can not control or behave, women are forced to suffer. Go figure it out ).. "Offside" tells the story of a half-dozen or so young women who dressed as men trying to break into the match with high stakes between Iran and Bahrain, in 2005, qualified Iran to the World Cup (the film was actually shot in a large degree at the time of the game). <br /> <br /> «offside" is a naturalistic comedy that will remind you of all the great humanistic films ( "The Shop on Main Street", "Loves of blondes," "Closely Watched Trains", etc. ), which flowed from Communist Czechoslovakia in the framework of the "Prague miracle" in the mid-1960s. Like many of these works, "offside" more concerned with the observation of life than with the development of a far-fetched thought fictitious narrative. In fact, it is easy to install and naturalism style, which makes the film so effective. <br /> <br /> After their trick expressed that the girls were herded into a small pen right next to the stadium, where they can hear the raucous cheers coming from inside the game. Stuck where they are, they can do all this beg the guard to let them go, the guard who basically clumsy, good-natured guys who have to do their duty as part of their compulsory military service. Even most people who go to the stadium, did not seem particularly disturbed at the thought of these women to be allowed in. However, the prohibition is maintained. However, how can you not be impressed by the very real bravery and courage is reflected by these women, as they go against the system, which continues to provide such a ridiculous regressive and archaic restrictions? And, nevertheless, the aim of these women do not come together cause or make a "point." They are obsessed with fans eager to watch a football match and, like all people in the country to cheer their team. <br /> <br /> It's hard to tell how much of the dialogue script and how much it is spontaneous, but, in any case, the actors, with their amazingly clear faces, do an excellent job of making every moment seems very real and convincing . Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayeste Iran noticeable standouts in a uniformly excellent cast. The structure of the film is also very loose and free-form, as well as writer / director Jafar Panahi and co Shadmehr Rastin attention for a few brief moments on one or two of the characters, and then move smoothly and effortlessly on the other. With this documentary-type approach, we come to feel as if we are witnessing the actual event takes place in "real time". Very often, it's pretty easy to forget that we are actually watching a movie for us. <br /> <br /> It was a very clever move by the filmmakers to include as much good-natured humor in the film (that is what the Czech filmmakers do as well), the better to point out the most complete absurdity of the situation and to broaden the appeal of the film audience of both domestic and foreign. "Offside" is obviously a cry for justice, but it is one that is made all the more effective, his failure to do his history of heavy-breathing tragedy. Instead, he understands that nothing breaks social barriers as effectively as humor, and appeal to a universal audience. And it is not that true art should be all about? In his own quiet, low-key, "offside" is one of the largest, most underrated gems of 2007.
