Panahi, whose previous films such as The Circle and Crimson Gold surrendered ranging from strict to the gloomy, produced in its new offside funny, restless, happily chaotic ensemble piece, which ends on a note of liberation and pleasure heart ?? Yet the film has to do with the material in the same complex and relevant as anything else that he did. Focusing on a group of rabid soccer fans girl caught wading in the previous World Cup match Bahrain-Iran Tehran stadium, Panahi raise questions of national spirit and independent thinking and contradictions ?? and the apparent absurdity ?? religious gender apartheid regime in the world today compete with the majority of the population of young people and urban girls, who are more and more thinking about yourself. <br /> <br /> As the film opens, we are holding our breath, to join one of the girls on the bus with his father tucked lost daughter. This one is a disguise and has national colors like Warpaint, but we cringe with her knowledge of what will happen: it's still easy to find. The fact that most of the people around are not interested. However, rules are rules, and as soon as they are trying to do this through a variety of checkpoints on the way to a big stadium of the future soccer girl, or some of them anyway, rounded and held in a small number of connections at the top of the stadium, some mostly young, green and village-police soldiers who do not have the slightest idea of ​​how to deal with independent ideas of the big city and the girls would prefer to watch the game ?? whose roar we hear in the background ?? themselves. Every girl is different ?? It is a different set of reasons for wanting to break the rules, and different ways of doing it. One was wearing a soldier's uniform and got into the section officers. One of them is tough and masculine and dishonor and provocative (she could pass for a handsome and teasing hints that: "Are you a girl or a boy", "What would you like me to?"). One does not care very much about football, but went after the dead comrade. One (Aida Sadeghi) is an ardent football itself ?? and so on. These girls Tehrani stubborn and intelligent, and they go around Alarmed rural lieutenant in charge of them (Safar Samandar). One of the cops rural (Mohamad Kheirabadi) performs a girl soccer player in the men's room (of course, there are no women), forcing her to wear a poster of the Italian football star as a mask. A comedy of errors and chaos follows, in which the girl runs away. <br /> <br /> Later Spiffy looking for a van comes with an officer who directs the police to take the girl on the head of the department ?? violation of the rules of sexual segregation qualifies as a vice. Male mixed with them ?? a child who is chronically guilty of smuggling of fireworks in the games. Wang is not Spiffy: radio antenna broken. But one policeman holds it in place so that they can listen to more heart-stopping story. The police and prisoners are all united in the general excitement at the moment. There's no account, the game goes to a penalty, and the winner will travel to Germany. <br /> <br /> On the background through it all real game, a real stadium, and the real mass of young people crazy about the outcome of this event. The excitement is huge, and the streets clogged with cars and flags and supporters milling crowd praying for the victory of the Iranian and joined in his excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this film so good as it may be clear at the moment is that he shot in the evening the actual games with the real ending that turns everything around. This is in contrast to the previous very calculated narrative trajectories Panahi, spontaneous vérité filmmaking that improvises to the rhythm with an enthusiastic background of real events and sweeps you into their excitement ways that are quite exciting. <br /> <br /> are offside is the gap between the modern world of football madness and retro-Islamic social restrictions represses women ?? the latter being at a time when the young Iranian women are becoming part of the global world in which women participate in sports, and shares in the dust of the national team spirit. Exactly how do you reconcile the country's aspiration to become a modern global power with social attitudes that medieval? Many Offisde surprisingly real, including all try to talk your way out of everything. directed decision to inject young actor in the real sport Mega-event leads to a stunning effective mixture of documentary, debate, and fiction that is too energetic to seem to have a bone to pick, and ends in a way that is brilliant and displacement. <br /> <br /> I had my doubts about Panahi's films before, but this one vomits. Panahi doing something different here. He criticizes his society, is an unusual drama, and warms our hearts with a sense of aspiration nation.
