In Iran, women are forbidden to attend live sporting events because of the fear that they will be "spoiled" bad language, close to thousands of people, and the fact that there are no toilets for women in older stadiums. Based on the actual incident involving the director's daughter, is behind the offside Panahi six girls dressed men who refused entry to a football match in 2005 between Iran and Bahrain, a match that will decide whether Iran is going to the World Cup. In a departure from the grim, minimalist films we are used to from Iran for the past ten years, offside is a rich comedy, which has a patriotic zeal and universal, but contains enough subversive social commentary to justify its ban on screening in Iran. <br /> <br /> Shot with a digital camera, using non-professional actors who over the task, the girls try to sneak in Azad Stadium in Tehran, but were arrested and placed in the outside of the stadium to the waiting area. They are guarded by three young conscript army (Safdar Samandar Heyri Mohammad-Abadi and Massoud Kheymeh-Kabood), which express the ambiguous relationship of his task, but promised to follow the rules. Women football enthusiasts, not political activists and cheer for the victory of Iran, but that does not deter soldiers from detaining them while they are waiting for the girls to be delivered to the detachment and vice uncertain future. <br /> <br /> open and not behave like a victim, they constantly question the soldiers about the justification of restrictions, making them the absurdity is obvious. Despite the fact that they could hear the noise of the crowd, a woman can not see the action, but to achieve a minor victory when they convince one of the soldiers, to provide a brief commentary on the game. One of the funniest sequences occurs when the "prisoner" woman carried out in male soldier's room. The young rookie has to cope with almost a riot when he must prevent anyone else from using the funds, and the girl still inside. <br /> <br /> Little by little, to paraphrase Adlai Stevenson that unites them turns out to be greater than what divides them and antagonists are unlikely to unite their country and root for the victory that will send Iran to the World Cup. Although the point is made early and often, and the film sags slightly in the middle, a clear offside position makes the point about a society where the political elite to the medieval social mentality has to contend with a growing group of educated and politically astute citizens. One can only hope that the world pressure and the awakening of its people will make the ayatollahs come to terms with the 21st century.
