I saw this film at the International Film Festival in Toronto. Filmed during the actual qualifying match for the 2006 World Cup, offside and works brilliantly as a comedy and a tragedy. The film stands for the fate of a group of young women who are caught trying to sneak into the football game at the stadium in Tehran Azad. Islamic religious leaders of the country have decided that women can not sit with men at sporting events so that they are not subjected to cursing and other morally questionable behavior. That did not stop the young fans of the country, which continue to penetrate through various tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group who were caught and detained painfully close to the action. They pray bored soldiers guarding them to let them go, or at least to allow them to watch the match. Soldiers tell them that they should not have to try to get what they could have watched the game at home on TV. They banter back and forth, almost in real time as the game goes on, just off- camera. <br /> <br /> There is a very funny sequence where a young soldier accompanies one of the girls in the toilet. Since there are no female toilets in the stadium, it should clear the room of any people before he can let her enter. Plus, it makes her cover her face so no one could see that she was a woman. This is achieved by a poster Iranian football star Daei as a mask, openings are cut out of the eye. <br /> <br /> You get a real sense that even the soldiers confused the ban, and only carrying out their orders so as to hasten the end of their compulsory military service. One soldier complains that he was supposed to be on vacation, so he could take care of the cattle of his family in the countryside. Gradually women and men talk to each other, and there are numerous small acts of kindness on both sides to show that they are basically good people who live in appalling conditions. However, a constant reminder of the soldier that "the main thing" on their way lends a sense of danger, as we do not know what women face punishment. <br /> <br /> Unlike many Iranian films are known for their strong visuals, filmed in an offside position realistic style, without artifice. In fact, the film was made during the actual qualifying match against Bahrain, which took place on June 5, 2005 "plot" largely determined the result on the field. If Iran won the match, they will be eligible. If they lost, they will not. After all, the World Cup has come and gone, I do not think it's a spoiler to say that Iran has won the match. celebration scene late in the film were real and spontaneous, which gave the film a real authenticity. Seeing how much it means deeply touching to the people of Iran. <br /> <br /> In addition, one of the young women makes the link at the end of the film up to seven fans who died in the Iran-Japan match on March 25, just a few weeks before. They were trampled to death after police began spraying the crowd with water, to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that it was in real life tragedy has added another level of sharpness in the celebrations. <br /> <br /> I do not want to go on a long political tangent, but this film gave me real hope that there are those in Iran who are looking to change and work on it. Iran is a country of young people, and it is only a matter of time before they take the place of their elders in the political sphere. Films such as this show the proud spirit of the Iranian people, despite their current difficulties, and it is my sincere hope that there is a bright future for them.
