Loopy, but shrewd and formidable mafia boss Vic (excellent performance of Richard Dreyfuss) are released from the psychiatric hospital. Some of the colleagues of criminal Vicki cohorts, which include volatile protege «Brass Balls» Ben London (gloriously manic and over-the-top unnatural image Gabriel Byrne), in an insinuating Jake Parker (quite smug Kyle MACLACHLAN), and a vicious opponent "extraordinary" Jackie Jackson (neat twist Burt Reynolds) all trying to crash Vika away. at the same time, laid-back and confident man hits Mickey Holliday (well played with understated confidence Jeff Goldblum) finds himself caught in the middle of all this deadly oblivion. Pis'men nick / director Larry Bishop brings an extremely hip, quirky and original special sensitivity to this very dark and quiet resin comedy about betrayal, loyalty, and ruthless ambition to run dangerously amok. Bang up the cast have a field day with the gallery colorfully grotesque villains carefree immoral and treacherous hooligans: Ellen Barkin as cruel, stuffy Minor Rita Everly, Henry Silva as Vicat reliable right hand Sleepy Joe Carisle, Gregory Hines, as a philosophical heartthrob Jules The Flamingo, Diane Lane as sweet, with abiyatskay lover Vic Grace, Billy Drago as irritable Wells, Christopher Jones as mindless grinding with artist Nicholas Falco. Bishop makes the most of its juicy supporting role in a deadly killer and laconic melancholy Nick. Popping in a nifty bits of Billy Idol as windy thug, Michael J. Pollard, like the ill-fated Red, Joey Bishop, as the undertaker Mr. Gottlieb, Rob Reiner as cheerful driver, Richard Pryor and Jimmy gravedigger. Byrne perfectly furious duet with singer Paul Anka on «My Way» rate on certain amusing twist. The tense and funny highest Mexican stalemate also tickles the funny bone-hysterical. Spot Film Frank Byers, the provocatively nutty dialogue through jazz cocktail lounge Earl Rose, and the choice of the soundtrack of vintage swing golden oldies all kind of exciting to further increase the charm of this very exciting one of a kind curiosity.
