Anna (Ursula Andress) is contained in an official R.N. ex-lover Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), ostensibly to nurse an aging widower, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), back to health after a heart attack. But Benito actually leads the group of heirs and entrepreneurs, including the American businessman Mr. Kitsch (Jack Palance), with ulterior motives, reflected that Anna, I hope, will actually perform with the Count. He has a history of, well, those who loves women and is actually a bit more "vulnerable", as he is treated. The bad guys are derailed as Anna goes ahead and gets closer to the box. The end can be said to be ironic, but it is probably better described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But so much for the plot - this film quite erotic comedy from start to finish, and how well. There are many nude scenes, including those of Anna and Jole, one of the malicious heiress played by Luciano Palazzi. Both Ursula and Luciana noteworthy continental women ex-Bond, and thus fulfill the fantasy audience of men. As she did in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays a femme fatale, a kind, though less elegant. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene of Anna (slow) full strip and jump in bed with a young Adone, «another patient" (which is incredibly resistant), in an attempt to find out what he knows about the plot. But even at this moment she was two-faced (for the better), because she decided not to go. However, Benito more than two timers with women, with long throws in the past with both Anna and Jole, a rival of the best erotic scene follows invective-filled (to put it mildly) the dispute between him and Jole. It stood for a meeting in which Luciana down only black panties. Another good friend, Ursula swimming completely nude in the pool of the estate. Count free as a client to put his hands wherever he wants to Ursula, and he uses. Hey, once I got back to the names of the actresses in my descriptions. Erotic scenes with other women include funny bare cellar in pursuit. "Sensual nurse" compact 77 minutes, but it should not be - it's nice, without interruption, from start to finish. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
