I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I do not think I've ever loved him, I saw him. The first scene of the film confirmed my worst fears. Adam Sandler was playing some funny looking character riding around New York on a motor scooter, looking miserable and lost. again typical Sandler-type loser character, I thought. I almost gave up then and there. But then, I'm stuck with it, I really found something I had never known before: Adam Sandler can act! He is really great in this movie as Charlie, lost and lonely figure, which the whole family (including the dog) was killed in one of the hijacked planes on 9/11, and that seems to have lost all touch with reality as a result. Don Cheadle plays his former college roommate, who unexpectedly reunited with Charlie and accept it as their mission to help him get better. Of course, Cheadle Alan Johnson has its own problems and unhappiness sources, and somehow the two of them were able to help each other through their difficulties. Two of them have made plausible the team, and Sandler, in particular, made the real Charlie, acting through their emotions and feelings. This is not a comedy Sandler. If you are looking to make some of his other, more stupid stuff. It's pretty hard film - sometimes sad, sometimes hope and always exciting. There are some funny parts in it. I loved the scene where Charlie convinces Alan to confront their partners, reminding him of how hard he was in college, and then a conversation between two of them later. <br /> <br /> I personally do not think that Saffron Burrows added in the film, like Donna, obviously, who needs a patient Johnson. The only reason the nature of thought (based on one flashback) to be that she looked terribly late wife Charlie, but was never developed, and I just do not care that much for the character. As part of the bangs to look nailed-on the part of the judge, however, played by Donald Sutherland, which I thought. From what I understand, though, is a film Sandler, and thank him for a great performance. I picked him better in my opinion. 8/10
