Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), and he has two daughters (Camille Lache Smith & Iman Hakim). In addition, it allowed their parents to remain in his huge apartment in New York. But somehow, he feels that his life is somewhat empty. A typical day in the city, he sees that his old college roommate, Charlie Fire (Adam Sandler). That Alan had not seen Charlie for years. When Alan tries to make friends with Charlie again. Charlie the lonely depressed man hiding his true feelings of the people caring for them. As Charlie suddenly loses her family in a plane crash, they were on one of the planes of September 11, 2001 If Alan almost feels comfortable with Charlie. If Alan mentions things of his past, Charlie makes violence against Alan or anyone who mentions his dead family. Now Alan tries to help Charlie and tries to make his life a little easier for yourself. But Alan learns that Charlie does speak about his true feelings much more difficult than expected. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Summer, The Upside of anger) did surprisingly touching human drama that the moments of sadness, of truth and comedy as well. Sandler offers an impressive theatrical performance, which offers more Sandler had a dramatic role than he did on Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is excellent, as usual. Pinkett Smith perfectly supporting Alan's wife, Liv Tyler is also good as a young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows is quite good as pretty odd lonely woman having a wild crush on Alan. This film was a sad disappointment cash, although it had some great reviews. The cast is first rate writing and directed by excellent and Ras T Alsobruka excellent widescreen. The film has a great place NYC, the film makes New York a beautiful city to look at the figure <br /> <br /> DVD has an sharp anamorphic Widescreen (2:35: 1). Transmission and goodwill Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound. The DVD also jam session with Sandler and Cheadle in Featurette, photomontage and previews. I was expecting more features as the DVD audio track director commentary and distant scenes. «Reign Over Me», is certainly one of the best films that have come out this year. I'm sure this film looked great in the big screen. Which, unfortunately, I have not had a chance to see it in the theater. But it is also a kind of movie that plays well on DVD. The film has a good soundtrack, as well as he has a lot of familiar faces in supporting roles and bit parts. Even the director has a bit part as Byran Sugarman, which is even more the actor himself. «Reign Over Me» is one of the most underrated paintings this year. It is also the best Sandler movie for my taste, as «The Wedding Singer». Do not miss it. HD Widescreen. (**** 1/2 of *****).
