Most of those who come to this film will have an idea of ​​what we are talking about; Man loses his family and even his dog in flight from Boston that fateful morning of September 11, 2001, that you probably will not know before you see this film as: How will it feel; What do you do with this; and how it would affect you and how you treat each waking day? The story unfolds painfully slowly from the gate, and then warmed up well, he gets a little speed, and recently renewed relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and former college roommate, Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) hardens and begins to take shape. The symbols appear in this film, the presence of which initially appear to be necessary and not very well developed, but in fact, to stay with this story and you will find that the simplicity of each character, which makes the story believable - and accurately. Real people populate the real situation in which they can do little but stand by while one of them breaks. Pain in the soul subtly seen Charlie since the first introduction and grows as we learn more about his character ?? Sandler brilliantly revealed as layers of an onion ?? one layer at a time with ease and weight in combination. It's so subtle performance, he sneaks up on you and get in your head, while you are watching it on the screen. Cheadle Alan Johnson is equally thin and very Don Cheadle. Always watchable, the ease, obviously, if Cheadle is on the screen tells his consummate acting. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is a delicate texture, as well as the situation would require. Fineman does not want friendship or someone breaks into his solitary life, and yet likeable quality that Alan has a simple and honest enough to intrigue even the hermit, Charlie. It's Alan, who has the task of carefully opening the carefully sealed Life of Charlie. There is a danger inherent in the process. The more Alan pushing Charlie to open, so far, engaging the services of one and the psychologist Angela Oakhurst, (Liv Tyler), the closer to the danger of pushing Charlie over the edge. This chasm that Charlie teeters on each and every moment, and the one he learned to navigate through sheer dint of failure. He denies everything that priorly existed for him to live with his loss. Unfortunately, his grief is one thing he can not deny. Sandler takes away the pain so deep into his character during the story unfolds, that by the time he meets his demon head-on, the viewer shares his pain almost equally. Alan is standing next to Charlie during this demanding process at risk let your own perfect home-life - work with admirable grace and efficiency wife Janine. (Jada Pinkett Smith) While the trend towards the restoration of Charlie, Alan looks inside himself and recognize his silent cries at the death of independence he once owned and a boy, he lost, becoming a man. His reward for helping Charlie helps to reunite with the fact that he had lost. The theme is very similar to The Fisher King; another story about a man who isolates himself from the madness of grief and loss. How The Fisher King, the story ends with a traditional, there is someone for each theme. Reign Over Me Lydia Sinclair (played by the beautiful Amanda Plummer in the Fisher King) Donna Remar (Saffron Burrows), a woman on the verge of collapse, and preliminary patient Johnson, it turns out to be just enough stable to complement borderline insanity Charlie. This is a good end of the story, but one element is probably the least likely to ring true. Again, maybe actually someone for everyone. Yard McDonald Vancouver, British Columbia
