I did not go into the «Reign Over Me», knowing what to expect from the director or any stories. The site was easy enough to understand, I suppose. The whole family, this guy died in 9/11, and it covers the light of his life. All right. I do not know if he is going to use terrorism app as a platform to talk about that and other issues associated with it, and it's actually not a very obvious level, so if you're afraid to be surrounded by political thoughts that may differ from yours, I would not worry about it. I think that writing even made a point of never explicitly "September eleventh.» <br /> <br /> Overall, I was impressed. It was a very touching picture. The film has a sense of humor and is very sharp, but it of course, the drama where it counts. I usually do not like to think that comedians are not able to really act, but sometimes, let's be honest, they are. Adam Sandler is certainly capable of it (and although I think it is, you can not agree, Jim Carrey is also very well-rounded .. occasionally). plotting Sendle and Charlie Fineman took a character that on the surface seems quite unreal and make it become absolutely true. I read a lot of reviews that criticized the writing of Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle in another beautiful role, if not the only one that seems to be similar to some of his recent photos ) wife, who is playing well, Jada Pinkett Smith, calling it static and dull, but this is completely untrue. <br /> <br /> it has depth, but some of them gets hidden behind the main story, which does not drift in and out of focus at times. (Which also reminds some very unusual transitions made at the beginning of the movie, with fantastic "do everything in focus» FADEOUT. After about the first 40 minutes, they are no longer used. Maybe it's important for character prediction, artistic, or, maybe they just realized how annoying it is.) the film begins gradually open us to a point (one of the few, but certainly the most obvious) history, which is that sometimes people have to deal with grief in their own way . Maybe it seems to us unorthodoxy may be, it seems very unhealthy, but it is possible that some people want more than anything to just forget. Just to exist. The film's soundtrack was very rich, and he used music to continue and enhance mood, and not install them, it gives credit to the actors and screenwriters. <br /> <br /> The film takes its title from the song "Love, Reign o'er Me», from the rock opera group The Who, Quadrophenia. The song itself is quite insignificant in relation to actual history, but it is used powerfully in the film during menopause, and at the very end. The film went well and does not feel like it's dragging anywhere in its length, which is a little over 2 hours. If you can take an image of Adam Sandler's this deep grief and broken man, you will enjoy the movie. You are entangled in the story, and you will feel truly for the characters in every minute of it. It's not the best movie of the year, and there is nothing innovative or positively surprising in it, but it's very nice, watchable movie, after all.
