September 11, 2001, millions have been killed; but life is over 2819 especially disgusting manner. They have become a victim of the plane capture extremists, whose task was to destroy the building, but more importantly, the people. This film takes an in depth look at four people whose lives were cut short this catastrophic event and one person whose life was devastated by the loss of their lives. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler plays), a former dentist lives in New York, loses his wife and three children on September 11, when they were on their way to Los Angeles. Emotionally canceled events, he eventually loses touch with everyone who reminds him of his past life; including his in-laws and his best friend (played respectively by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender). He becomes totally denying and doing everything possible to forget about his former life. It lasts as long as the work to his old college friend, Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle), who Fineman, do not seem to remember. Two starting to catch up, but Fineman says Johnson was sent to the people of his former life, to convince him to seek help. Slowly but surely, Fineman restores their confidence in Johnson. <br /> <br /> While all this happens, the life of Alan Johnson is going down the wrong path. He is an independent person (dentist), which helps to start a dental practice. One day, a patient his name Donna Remar (Saffron Burrows plays) tries to make a move on him, telling him that she would like to perform oral sex for him. This is an unpleasant surprise for Dr. Johnson, as it is a married man with two children. When he comes home from work a particular working day, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and trying to flag him. He failed, but he gets another opportunity and persuades Fineman to get coffee to come with him to catch up, despite the fact that Fineman did not know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting things about this film is its use of music as a motive. One of the physiological crutches Fineman is music, especially Springsteen and other classic rock artists. If Fineman asked to open up about his past or talk about things that he finds unpleasant, he puts on headphones and mutes the world of things, his music. <br /> <br /> When the film was finished, I had, I thought, how I would cope with the loss of my family? How would I deal with such tragic events. This is something that we do not really think about too often. We always think that they will be there, and we often take them for granted, then we are going there or not. As a rule, we understand how important they are when it is too late; and punch as it can destroy someone physically, emotionally and physiologically. I really do not know how I could deal with something like this. Will I face a problem head on, to cope with the problem, and move on with my life, or I just put my headphones and block the whole world?
