Again and again, it seems that comedic actors in Hollywood to amaze me with their talents, as dramatic performers: at first it was Robin Williams { 'One Hour Photo (2002)}, it was Jim Carrey {' Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004) "is one example}, then {Will Ferrell" Stranger than Fiction (2006)} and now Adam Sandler. Yes, it is absolutely right: the guy who founded an entire career out of doing stupid, stupid comedy {I'm not complaining; I've always been a fan} finally gave me a job which he can be proud of. Of course, some readers may be wondering what happened to the "Punch-Drunk Love (2002)," but I can only assure you that this is a film I am currently taking steps to see as quickly as possible, since I have heard that's amazing. My first film from director Mike Binder, «Reign Over Me» is an intelligent and respectful study of grief and friendship. Although it sometimes stray into all too familiar territory, somewhat predictable plot turns out to be surprisingly deep and moving like a Sandler and Don Cheadle giving memorable performances. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is successful dentist from a good family, though he believes that it is not able to adequately communicate with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), and therefore his marriage a bit wobbly. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is a former college roommate of Alan's room , a man who lost his entire family in the terrorist acts of September 11, 2001, and which is still facing his overwhelming sense egosya. tousled figure with messy hair and downcast eyes {is often likened in appearance} Bob Dylan, Charlie left his career in dentistry, and to spend time in units inotse: listening to music with headphones that cut out all the sound from the outside world, running around Manhattan in his scooter, immersed in the fantastic video games and repeatedly redecorating her apartment kitchen in accordance with the wishes of the end of his late wife. If Alana and Charlie meet for the first time in many years, the latter did not even recognize his old friend, being completely given up any memories of his life paralyzing experience. Indeed, at first he did not even acknowledge the existence of his family, and suddenly loses its character, when someone says that he ask for advice. <br /> <br /> Initially, it may seem a bit exploitative for filmmakers to be using the September 11 attacks as a device tells. Afterall, it would not be as devastating, if Charlie's family died in the ordinary, everyday car accident? However, given that the intention of the director was to demonstrate the immense pain caused to the ordinary citizens of the tragedy, and then «Reign Over Me» does a very good job. It's easy to get so caught up in the incorrect statistics, that you neglect the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; This is the first 9/11 oriented film that I've seen that actually dealt with the suffering of those who were not even involved, whose only Nadra was caused by the loss of those they loved. Adam Sandler shows a surprising variety in heavy roles, one of which would have been shattered to pieces, if it were not for this task. Circuiting between the instant alertness, anger and depression, Charlie Fineman is a person with whom we can sympathize deeply, hollow soul, which, thanks to an old friend of the community, can finally glimpse of light at the end of a dark, stern tunnel.
