There may be spoilers! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in the tragedy (the September 11 attacks), still mourning their death. He runs into his former college roommate, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and the two restore their friendship. Alan vows to help his old friend to come to terms with the terrible losses. This simplification is the main story Reign Over Me. <br /> <br /> This film, however, the story of how the fate intercedes in our lives when we can itself be powerless to do any thing about our own state of being. Alan is stuck in a life that he does not know that is no longer complete. He feels lonely and out of touch with his own reality. He is unable to communicate with his wife and his colleagues at work. He can not express his feelings and eventually feels lost and far from his own world. He soon Upon Charlie's on the streets of Manhattan while driving from his job. Eventually he meets and discovers that Charlie (who initially does not remember Alan), lives in his false reality. Charlie went back to that time in his life when he had no family. He lives as if he was still a student he played in a rock band, collecting vinyl records 60s and '70s bands, and playing video games. He ran to a better and safer time in his life, where there are no bad guys, and it has much less to lose. Everything in this movie affected in some way by the tragedy that has touched Charlie and his remission to the previously different and better (?) Place. The mistress of his counsel and great Enabler. His in-laws are subtracted from his life, because they would take him back to the reality that his family is now gone from his life. And Alan most affected by it, because Alan wants (in the first selfish desire to get away from their own reality) to be with Charlie as a means to subtract himself from his own choked reality, and then he wants to find a way to help Charlie begins to recover after self-induced guilt, and denial of the loss. It is through these relationships that not only Charlie can begin to heal itself, but Alan, actually, to learn to communicate and satisfy their true desires with their fellow workers and, ultimately, can recognize his wife, he does not have was able to communicate his true feelings for her, but that he badly wants, because he loves her. It is actually a critical moment in the film when the material hit the fan, and Charlie, faced with the reality of how to put he and Alana say about the situation together on "Chinese" which Charlie says that he is in fact concerned about Alan and itself. <br /> <br /> This film will, if you allow your emotions across the river and leave you thinking. He will have you laughing, Charlie uses his words as people really do in everyday life to make the ridiculous statement of fact about the real situation. This will leave you on the verge of tears, (in my case, actual tears), Charlie confronts his grief and begin to come to grips with its huge loss. And what is really tragic reality is that his fault and loss never really left him, and he dealt with it the only way he knew failure. This will force you to curse on cold, thoughtless actions of the young prosecutor is trying to win his "cause" (as I actually at the hearing, Charlie!) And it will make you smile healthy from the old and wise, stern judge (Donald Sutherland, which is great in its short special role and gives you better performance wise, stern face in the legal profession, as Brimley played assistant Attorney General in the absence of Malice). <br /> <br /> This film was also strange for me for several other reasons: (1) I have never looked at his watch during the screening of the film. This means that I have from the beginning to the end (2) Although the cast was interracial, this fact was not important for the role-playing characters in the film. The race was a non-factor for the performance of the roles in this film. Strange people can actually interact with this fact is exported! and (3) the only real link to 9/11, when a financial lawyer Charlie Charlie refers to the loss of the tragedy as "?? what happened on 9/12, Charlie. " Time will be the real test of how the film will be in the future, but if the purpose of the film is not only to entertain, but also to make you think is this film will stay with you long after you leave the theater, the Reign Over Me succeeded phenomenally how I'm concerned about. I have not forgotten this beautiful thought provocative film, and I'll look forward to the day I can buy it as a DVD.
