Reign Over Me is a success thanks to the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While comedians gather drama was seen as a kind of distraction, Sandler is no stranger to play a more significant role. Most of the characters he portrays is unstable and weak, which could burst at any moment. It can even be a type of characters such hidden problems with anger. Nevertheless, this work has some great dramatic weight, in contrast to its role in a less comedy fare, like Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. <br /> <br /> In the film, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is working at his old college roommate, Charlie Fainerman (Sandler), who he had not seen for several years. Five years ago, Charlie suffered a predominant loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie barely recognize the character of Cheadle in connection with the suppression of his memories and, as a consequence of a hermit child's life after the accident. Not as long as Alan persists in engaging him in conversation that Charlie remembers who he is. They have restored the relationship that should be allowed Fainerman have a friend who does not speak about her loss, in the end, allows him to resist the thoughts and feelings he had pressed on their own terms. <br /> <br /> While the writer and director Mike Binder has shown little sense of individual style and some of his shots and transitions a little uncomfortable, he has a knack of getting a decent great performances from his actors, a talented and funny writer. He shot the film with a digital camera, make more and more filmmakers today that allows the crew to shoot night scenes with limited light. This kept colorful backgrounds New York in the spotlight, but has led to the creation of portions of the digital grain resembling blue spots scattered and moving on the screen. <br /> <br /> Almost every major character in the Reign Over Me gives excellent performance. Judd Pinkett Smith and Liv Tyler is remembered especially in their roles as angry wife Cheadle character and psychiatrist. However, Sandler and Cheadle, who give some of their best work to date. They are wholly owned by the film. Sandler actually playing a character who is not outwardly look like or act like himself at all, partly credited to his Bob Dylan Esquire wig. Although the nature of Cheadle has more screen time than Sandler, both of them should be considered as a major role, as they apply equally to support and help each other throughout the film. <br /> <br /> The music also plays an important role in this film, especially the title song "Reign Over Me" and "Love, Reign O'er Me" by The Who, and then covered with Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments of the film, Sandler Binder shows using music to shut down their feelings and memory, but this song is such a strong emotion, that, instead of reducing his anger, he incites their emotions. All all, Reign Over Me is a fun, sad, yet often funny film, driven by its amazing top performances.
