Love hurts. This, I think, is the main message of the latest film Reign Over Me Mike Binder brings diameter. that love brought your relationship become stagnant, there brought anger on you like cheating for years, and broke her heart to the point of being unable to open the world of love is sick. The great thing about this film, however, is not in its portrayal of these lost souls trying to make their last breaks the heart going, but eventually the restart of new bonds in the future. No one in this drama is not perfect; they are all to some extent emotionally trapped in a relationship that they can not get rid of its own. There are some heavy material object here, and I can credit Binder, would never do turn the story into a political diatribe, but instead of bringing serious moments with some really good comedic bit allows the tale to remain a landmark and small in scale compared with the epic an event which hangs over his head. What would be a trivial means that opinions about how 9-11 implemented all of us ends up being the story of the two, and they share a connection, that is the only thing that can save their lives from a life of depression and regret. <, Br /> <br /> This is a new performance career for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director Paul Thomas Anderson was the first to see the child, the accumulated anger in his stupid comedies once sharply to use. Youth character as Billy Madison allows laughs and potty humor, but can also be used to show the repressed people, shy and lockout in the world around it ?? a man without confidence that the event needs compassion to break him out of his shell. Anderson let Sandler to do just that in his masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love and Mike Binder took it one step further. Sandler plays a former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were killed in one of the planes that brought down the World Trade Center 9-11. This is one time, I beat the life he had, and as a result he became a hermit and began to believe that he could not remember anything that happened before that day. It really provides a moving portrait of a man who tries to keep up the charade in his head, while around him, those who loved him, to try and open it up to the reality of what happened, and what the future holds. Always on the edge and ready to snap at any time, if something is referred to summon the memory of his dead family, he goes through life with his IPOD and headphones, cutting off all not to be tempted remember. <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me is not about Charlie Fineman, though, it's about the dentist and family man, Alan Johnson. Man, grab yourself a marriage and dental practice that both the stagnation in the monotony, Johnson needs a lot of help in his life, his old college roommate, Charlie does. Played perfectly by always brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson lost his base to try to change their lives. He has no friends, and if he sees Charlie by accident one day, his life turns into what he felt in 15 years. He revels in the chance to go out with an old friend, no matter how much he has changed after the death of his family. Cheadle character wants to go back to college days, hang out and Sandler does not mind, because all that was before he met his wife. Two men get what they want, and allow yourself to grow close, despite the years of loneliness, which are used to manage your life. Once they begin to open up, though, it is inevitable that the tragedy theme will creep up and check the front they have created for themselves. <br /> <br /> supporting cast does a terrific job of helping to maintain decorum for two wires. Jada Pinkett Smith has never been an actress who impressed me, and throughout the film played tough as nails wife is beautiful, but this is her last scene on the phone with Cheadle, who really showed me something else, and true. Liv Tyler on her cell, as a psychiatrist, but the film calls her on this fact and makes miscasting, a perfect casting. Many small cameo as effective role even writer / director Mike Binder as an old best friend and accountant Sandler (my only gripe is why he feels the need to put his name in the opening credits as an actor, when it is everywhere, considering it his film). And last but not least it is a beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a wonderful actress and plays a love-crushed diluted tries to put his life together perfectly. A role that seems comical at first, but ends up being an essential aspect for that to happen. <br /> <br /> Binder handled one of the best dramatic nature of the studies that I have seen in a long time. Direction almost flawlessly (blurring between the sections and symbols in the forward / background really annoys me in the beginning), which are great, and the story are true to themselves, never take the easy way out or wrapping yourself with a neatly tied bow at the end. Even the music was fantastic, and are used to improve, so as not to cause us emotional, (why, after two big goals title song The Who made Binder feels the need to use the lower Eddie Veddar remake to the end, I do not know ,, but it is, unfortunately, stick for me). Reign Over Me movie about love and how, although it can cause severe pain imaginable, it can also save us from sorrow and will allow us to once again see the world as a place of beauty and hope.
