This film on the screen last night at the Paramount Theater in Austin under the SXSW Film Festival. We decorated the presence of director Mike Binder and stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle, who answered questions from the audience after the film. This is a great and powerful film about what it's like to lose yourself and begin to find their way back. Performances are phenomenal and the story manages to be both funny and tragic in a way that is all too rare. (Trailer for the movie tries a little too hard to emphasize the comedic aspects). <br /> <br /> This is a breakthrough role of Adam Sandler. While he began the transition to more dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is a significant step forward for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination, as he continues until the transition to more dramatic roles, how did Tom Hanks and Jim Carrey also does. In this role, he seemed to be trying to direct Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man. While playing an autistic person, of course, very different from the injured character Sandler, both characters for various reasons, are trapped in their own worlds of children's isolation and confusion. <br /> <br /> performance of Don Cheadle is less strange, but just as good. After Hotel Rwanda and the collapse, we've come to expect significant nuances of performances from Cheadle. He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that comes through this role. But he also, as broken and struggling, if not in such profound ways, as a character Sandler. Cheadle is struggling with difficulties in his marriage and in his professional life as a dentist. Together, the characters played by Cheadle and Sandler struggle to heal each other that often make real friends (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). They are both looking for that part of themselves that they have lost and trying to find again. <br /> <br /> Deserted city is one of the best major studio films to be released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost a character in the story perfectly. Photo on the streets of New York - the city that suffered a great tragedy, and also had to heal itself - it is also quite beautiful. Supporting the role of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very odd role), Donald Sutherland, and Mike Binder himself are all very good. <br /> <br /> writer / director Mike Binder really made a story that many will be able to connect with different levels. It's a story about grief, family, healing, male friendship, mental health, and the meaning of love. Deserted city does not disappoint. The film is almost hypnotic, as it draws you into the lives of his characters. Hollywood will have a much better reputation if he did more characters managed magical films like Reign Over Me.
