All, of course, familiar with the most famous of the stories ?? soulless businessman visited the ghost of his partner died on Christmas Eve, and warned that if he continued in his uncaring ways, it will be doomed to a future life in chains. So that he can avoid the fate of his partner, he visited three ghosts who show him visions of Christmases past, present and yet to come, so we hope to see their mistakes before it is too late. Rather painful story one might think, but it's a classic Charles Dickens, as well as one of the most well-known and popular Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the final version of the timeless story of Dickens; this is one I always remember watching in school, and I remember being absolutely terrified by it! The ghost of Jacob Marley, the final scene with the ghost of Christmas present under the bridge, and the ghost of Christmas yet Going especially I found very scary. How did the film get a certificate «U»? (For non-British readers 'U' is the lowest classification, which means that for a family holiday and families with children, not scare them anything etc ... This is certainly not the case, though, as some small children, of course, there is a finite segment positively terrifying with Death, a ghost of Christmas future. <br /> <br /> whatever the case may be, of the many versions of this classic story, I saw adapted for the film, it may . most faithful book in particular, included in the segment rarely seen in the film adaptations of the original text - that the ghost of Christmas present, featuring Scrooge two children hidden under his coat (you never leave the scene like that now!) Two. Children are Ignorance and needs (although changed to want in this movie). <br /> < br /> criticism for me it has become apparent, however, looking back to a more objective and trained eye, the main of which is that George C. Scott Scrooge image seems just not cold enough. He laughs too much. I do not want to use the word gay, because, of course, Ebeneezer anything but, but he seems to be just cantankerous old man, and not positively bad, cold and inconsiderate people that he was in the book and other films. Patrick Stewart portrayed him perfectly in one of the most recent versions of the shot, and Michael Caine, in spite of the current along with dolls, was positively cold. In addition, the development of character throughout the film as he learns more about the error of its ways and grows toward redemption unconvincing and seems to be inconsistent. He seems to have changed little when it reaches the last lesson of the third spirit. <br /> <br /> But ignoring this one (though basic) pun, it is still fascinating and ultimately heart warming Christmas tale, as well as all the Christmas movies should be. London, of course, looks like the perfect colorful whimsical snow English city that many Americans are likely to imagine that until now (though even then, that London was gray and dirty ?? and all the snow would never have been so white !), and all so impeccably dressed too even poor people look pretty nifty. But of course, this Christmas movie, so why not everything has to look beautiful? Perfect view of the holiday season; together with copies of It's a Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street and the Snowman, and you have everything you need.
