This modern noir with off beat humor and dizzying sequence of twists provides a history full of surprises, dangerous characters and great fun from start to finish. It is impossible not to empathize with an honest, humble hero or be captured in ways in which he is trying to navigate their way to the terrible difficulties which he finds himself, so all you can do is to fasten your seat belt and enjoy the ride. <br /> <br /> history of the common man, who makes a bad decision, and then finds that the impact propel him into an uncontrollable chain of events of which he was unable to extricate himself pure noir. The same applies to the murder, fraud, corruption and duplicity, which are widely distributed throughout. Many familiar noir visual motifs are also present, such as the way in which the lit cigarette smoke, rain soaked roads at night, heavily shaded interiors and line shadows (designed louvered door) across the face of people. <, Br /> <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), the injured war veteran without money and work, stopped off at Red Rock Bar, Wyoming, and mistaken the owner Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) for the killer, which he organized to work to kill his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, naturally reserved person, does nothing to dissuade Wayne delusions, especially how he could use the work, and the first does not realize that he would wait to make. Once it was said that his mission and was given a $ 5,000 advance, it goes to Susanne and warns her about the plans of Wayne. She does not seem too worried about the danger she was in, and Michael offers a double fee Wayne suggested that he eliminate her husband. <br /> <br /> Michael decides to take the money he received from both sides and leave the city. His plan fails, however, when he accidentally calls in person, standing in the middle of the road and decides to take him to the hospital to get treatment for injuries. At the hospital, things get more complicated when it turns out that the patient lover Suzanne and he has two bullets in the stomach. This leads to local law enforcement officials are involved, and the evidence that Wayne is the sheriff !! From that moment on, things get even more complicated and decidedly more dangerous, especially when the real killer Lyle from Dallas (Dennis Hopper) arrives on the scene. <br /> <br /> «Red Rock West» has some great moments of suspense (example of this is the scene in which Michael makes his escape from Wayne's Bar), as well as some great performances with its very strong cast. Nicolas Cage's expression is very natural and convincing as it reacts to different situations, anxiety, surprise or uncertainty and J T Walsh is also particularly good as an incorrect character that always hides more than it actually says. Dennis Hopper strongly menacing as the vicious assassin (a role he plays with great pleasure) and Lara Flynn Boyle looks appropriately cool and calculating, as a femme fatale. Dwight Yoakam also provides some good support and moments of humor in his cameo trucker entirely nonsense. <br /> <br /> Incredibly, «Red Rock West» was originally intended to be denied in total production of the movie, but has justified emerged from its humble beginnings in the end recognized as a great movie, it really is.
