What we have here is scary good little Nineties thriller, which, although perhaps not in fact, still provides a lot of entertainment around it while working and generally does everything you might want to film this kind to make. I saw this film, mainly because it was directed by John Dahl - very underrated director for large thrillers, such as The Last Seduction, tricksters and Roadkill. I realized that if this movie was at the level that we have seen from the Director, it would be well worth a look - and Red Rock West, of course, a film that Dahl can be proud of. The plot focuses on an excessively moral Michael; man travels across America in search of work. He ends up finding him one day when he comes up against a bar in Red Rock County - only catch is that the work to kill a man's wife. He was mistaken for a hitman named Lyle, but instead of doing the work; he plays both sides against each other, and eventually plans to escape. However, his attempts to escape fail, and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle turns up ... <br /> <br /> John Dahl seems to enjoy setting thrillers on the road; He did it three years ago from Kill Me Again, and again, for almost ten years on this movie Roadkill. It is not difficult to understand why Dahl chooses this kind of place, as it provides an incredible atmosphere for a thriller like this. Dahl also gives his film a "film noir", the atmosphere, as the plot is mainly focused on the central character and the word that he is immersed in a complete dark and mysterious characters. Acting in mostly very good, with Nicolas Cage does an excellent job in the lead role, as well as receipt of A-class support from Larry Flynn Boyle,, J.T. Walsh and of course Dennis Hopper; which once again commands the screen with his over the top performance. It must be said that the second half of the film is not as exciting as the first, but Red Rock West, of course, never boring, and so that Dahl Orchestra Finale wonderful that all the central characters get to be part of it. In general, Red Rock West is a film that you're unlikely to regret watching. It's all over the exciting and you can not ask for much more than that!
