Ealing Studios, television and film production company based in West London, says that the oldest film studio in the world. Although he has consistently churning out movies and television programs, since the 1930s, its golden age, of course, between 1948 and 1955, when he produced a string of masterpieces of comedy, many starring the great Alec Guinness. Such well-known titles include "Whiskey Galore! (1949), '' Pimlico Passport (1949), '' a good heart and a crown (1949), '' The Lavender Hill Mob (1951), '' The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953) 'and' Heartbreaker (1955). 'One of the most beloved films of Ealing Studios' The man in the white suit ", was released in 1951 and starred Alec Guinness as Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor who engineers a beautiful fabric, an invention that suddenly makes him more enemies than friends . <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton poor and misunderstood, but it does have the scientific talent in great abundance. Because of his lack of qualifications, only jobs he is able to get in as a janitor, or a laborer in any of the major textile mills, where it is secretly making his own experiments with the use of its own funds and the company's equipment. After it turned out, and thrown countless times, Sidney convinced that he was only a few weeks of significant scientific breakthroughs that will revolutionize the textile industry. Inspired by her daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), textile mill owner Alana Birnley (Cecil Parker) is very interested in the exploits of Sydney and agrees to fund further work. After numerous failed attempts and a lot of amazing explosion, Sydney finally reveals his amazing creations :. Almost glowing white fabric that never gets dirty and never wears out <br /> <br /> If you think Sidney that his invention will make him a hero, he was very disappointed. The all-powerful boss of the textile industry, led by Sir John gentle Kierlaw (Ernest Tesayger) combine to ensure that revolutionary invention that can paralyze your business never goes into full-scale production. Similarly, the humble workers in the workers union to hear the creations of Sydney, and set to remove it out of existence, fearing for their jobs. The inventor, however, convinced that someday durable material will bring relief and happiness to many, and refuses to yield to the other, even though the death threats and offered ₤ 250,000 in compensation. Throughout all their troubles announce his invention to the media, only one person offers Sydney its full sympathy and support, Birnley daughter Daphne, who is engaged to someone else, but falls in love with the plight of Sydney, in any case. <br /> <br /> "People in a white suit" smart and funny comedy, made great witty script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and resourceful and charismatic performance by the incomparable Alec Guinness. There are also a few good-natured swipes at capitalism and how big businesses can hold back progress for their own monetary situation, although we can certainly see the arguments of both sides of the debate.
