In my opinion, the best of the Ealing comedies, and one of my favorite movies of all time. The theme of the workers against the management (with a lot of trade union rights and calls) may include the film a bit now, as has been the topic being discussed all that much, but it does not prevent "white suit" from being able to show the classic stop. <br /> <br /> the story of a man trying to create a revolutionary new material that ends up putting the textile industry in despair, does not sound exciting, when written, but the film retains that essential spark of fantasy mixed with reality that marks him as a true Ealing comedy. Fabric repels dirt and never wears out! Cover white suit, which Alec Guinness is during the second half becomes a centerpiece for a few iconic images and sequences, such as the ability to use his Guinness unbreakable thread to scale the sheer wall! The script itself full of dry wit - "Is he all right?" "Yes." "Sorry." - and a first-class feature. I'm always amazed excellent direction of these films as well. Comedy later periods will be taken to "put the camera on the actors and let it roll" mentality, but the Ealing films have always tried to interesting lighting and angles and innovation. This film is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, this cast that elevates the material to dizzying heights. Alec Guinness gives a fantastically understated performance, with eyes that convey surprise, joy and utter defeat, when the story requires. Stratton is a person who is not paying attention to anything except his work. This insular character can quickly become boring or annoying, but Guinness easily makes it attractive, so that the closing stages of the film to generate a real sense of urgency as Stratton is trying to get to first place in the world, who wants to bury it all has never worked. Joan Greenwood plays another of its strong female roles, and an absolute delight to watch, as usual, like hocus mucoid Cecil Parker and Michael Gough; everyone gets a laugh without even trying. This comic British humiliation at its best. <br /> <br /> «People in the white suit" is 81 minutes of pure brilliance, with a large plot, large cast, sparkling mind and a healthy dollops of cynicism. Summit Absolutely.
