One of the things that makes this so challenging Ealing comedy funny judicious editing. Frames that are considered absolutely necessary for most modern comedies deliberately omitted. (This is what was known as the British humiliation.) <br /> <br /> The three cases: Comic edited struggle like this. Alec Guinness invented a new fabric, which will ruin the industry. A half-dozen entrepreneurs invited him to his office to try to force him to sign a contract failure of its control over the fabric so that the production can be suppressed. If he catches it, Guinness gets up and turns to go to the door. Two men blocked their way. "Excuse me," he says softly, taking a step forward. The two men moved between Guiness and a camera. Cut. Secretary sitting outside on his desk. There is a silence until the buzzer starts to frantically signaling to her. She takes her laptop and opens the door to the room, where a full-fledged noisy Donnybrook in the development stage and the room is half destroyed. Guinness rushes through the open door. <br /> <br /> In this example, it would be impossible today. During the research phase of his invention Guinness establish a complicated chemical apparatus, but instead of turning the pilot fluid in the new tissue, exploding devices. Again and again she explodes. Laboratory cleared of all other activities. Explosions continued. The ceilings are falling. Windows blown out. Research director sitting at a desk in a small office littered with debris, a bandage on his head. When you open the door for him, he jumps a foot in the air. "Sit down," he tells his guest, "there is one because at any time," This is painfully funny -. And no shots or explosions It would be impossible to imagine today without the fireball and possibly a building collapsing in slow motion. movement. <br /> <br /> The last example, which consists of a series of rapid, ruthless cuts, combined accurate. Guinness persecuted and driven into the lobby of the office building of people who want him to sign a contract. Faced with two men on mate with him, Guinness supports with a determined expression. He encounters on a pedestal with an iron bust on it. The bust is tilted back and breast to the wall. There is a shot lasts about one second bust hit the wall. Another short shot of a metal screen hanging above the bust to be resented and fall freely. Quick cut on his head upward in the Guinness frame. Cut to two men looking at the camera, while the brass terrible crash and the sound of hammering could be heard outside of the screen. Cut in the Guinness up. no one will have the cojones today not show that Guinness crowned shield. <br /> <br /> I will not continue this work. It's a comedy in order, but rather a bitter one for all the fun. In solving one set of problems, Guinness has created dozens of others. He opposes both the management and operation, none of which is shown in a lot of advantages. And, of course, the economic consequences are dealing with more than cloth. "How about a car that runs on water with a pinch of something or other in it?" One of the workers asked. "Vested interests," comments another employee, and Thorstein Veblen in his grave nod. What happens if our with energy problems have been solved in one night? If I had shares of Exxon - and I think I do - I shudder at the thought. Where would the oil industry, if there was no more need for oil? In this respect, where the police force and the FBI when the crime was suddenly disappear? It is thoughtful and very funny film, magnificently directed and edited. The list of artists is incomparable. Joanne Greenwood with that husky voice. Pathetic Cecil Parker. Rattling mummified Ernest Tesayger. <br /> <br /> job first rate all around.
