A man in a white suit, like I'm fine, disapproving view of labor and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but one eccentric (he never got his higher education because ... uh ... an accident in college laboratories). He manages to distinguish itself in a variety of industrial laboratories in the textile industry. When the film begins it in the company of Michael Gough and Gough (in the memorable moment) trying to impress his future father in law (Cecil Parker), pointing to the ship-shape of the company he works. While having lunch with Parker and Parker's daughter (Joan Greenwood), the third receives a message about some problems about unexpectedly large budget problems the lab. He reads the enormous costs (due to Guinness experiments), and chokes on his coffee <br /> <br /> Guinness continues to work at the firm of Parker, and repeats the same tricks that he did with Gofom. - but Parker finds it too, Greenwood found that Guinness is working on, and convinces Parker to continue experiments (but now legally). Result: Guinness and his assistant apparently figured out how to make artificial fiber, which can constantly change the electronic communication in its molecular structure, so that (for all intents and purposes) the fibers will remain in tact forever. Any textile made from it will never fade, dirty or worn out - it will last forever <br /> <br /> Guinness has the support of the women's union, but not its chief .. He sees Guinness sold rich . But when he tells them what he had done, they turn against him. If everyone has clothes that will last forever, they will not need new clothes! Soon Parker brothers textile magnates (led by Goff Ernest Theisinger - in a great performance, and Howard Marion-Crawford) is equally a panic from what can end their business. They seek to suppress the invention. Only with Greenwood in his corner (although Parker somehow sympathize with him), Guinness is trying to get a message to open it to the public. <br /> <br /> In the end, Guinness defeated by science, as well as greed, but he ends the film, seeing the error in his calculations, and we believe that one day he can still withdraw its opening in the end . <br /> <br /> This is a brilliant comedy. But this is an argument to suppress valid? At some point, the textile manufacturing difficulties is shown (you have to heat the filament to a high temperature, to actually turn the end of a single material. There's nothing that indicates the fabric will stretch when the wearer gets fat (or contract, if the owner gets thin). Do Should we believe that people just would like a set of clothes for all? what happened to fashion changes and new styles? and the fabric is made only in white color (what makes Guinness look like a white knight). We say that the color of the dye to be d Adada at the beginning of the process. Whether that has to be no effect on the chemical reactions that support the textile structure? <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is not a science paper, but a film about the hypocrisy of labor and capital in modern industry. Thus, it's brilliant. but the questions that I have to keep me worried about the validity of the invention suppressing Guinness
