"Freedom" is dead at the example of what came to wonderful films from the '70s. While your jaw drops during movie "Terminator", you are actually a saint? I do not think so, because you are there to see what new CGIs were strung - the plot does not matter <br /> <br /> So many everyday situations can become terrible for no reason at all, because there's so. many people who are involved in the everyday life - like a trip to the market ..... or walk through the dimly lit street. "Deliverance" as scary because these innocent actions can turn deadly in heart rhythm. Venturing off the beaten path is a sporting competition? Any one who has this concept does not read the newspapers, watch the daily news, or did not see some of the other films that depict the seriousness of the "invasion" in the territory, where outsiders are not welcome. It is almost unbelievable that the dish down on «Deliverance» was not informed about all is going to show it was no picnic, and "squeal like a pig" was not part of the «Deulling banjo.» <br /> <br /> I hate the term "Hillbillies "because - as some" users "wrote - that humiliates the entire regions of people who are very satisfied with life as they know how - without the intervention of modern life, many of the" mongrel. "- this is not peculiar sexuality wilderness" Chinatown. "we have to teach this lesson. However, the city-slickers extremely stupid enough to enter . In a closed society and give them attitude I know that a lot of "redneck" - they are moral people when himself their "justice" can be tough if they feel threatened or humiliated, as well as "justice." ., on the city streets They do not need any part of the city -. the city should take their canoe-ing and camping sites legal <br /> <br /> «Deliverance» was the last movie that I found Jon Voight to make any real action - I hope I'm wrong. He was extremely underpaid for "Midnight Cowboy," because he was unknown, but showed that he could do this role in the drop of a hat. His actions in the "Liberation" was superb. This gave us a clear demonstration of ordinary people can move mountains if necessary - but who wants to think of as "normal" today? His sobs choked for lunch was brilliant. Wow! for Burt Reynolds !!! We must ask what led him to the other adhesive film? His courage, though erroneous, in this film set the pace for the endurance needed to make it out of the desert - not only in the province, but the desert of daily life. Ned Beatty was a star - his underwear had "Versace" stitched on it, but his performance was perfect concussion. As already mentioned, he was stronger than any of the groups at the end of the film. Ronny Cox played to the hilt moral Man - every man should have his determination to do what is right. Several "users" have assumed that he was killed or lost their balance, when he crashed into the river - my theory is that he was so disgusted by all, he committed suicide. . Not one shot was not heard during the scene, and go in and Beatty did not find the wound <br /> <br /> James Dicey, of course, he knows how to spin a story disturbing, and was as big as a sheriff - he said he was so scared cast he came to the set drunk every day. His character could see three canoe-rs were guilty of living, but also knew that they had no chance against a panel of local residents, regardless of how they were treated kindly in «Aintry». He also knew that the meaner of the locals can be tough. Justice? - "I do not come back here again." Not many "users" know "redneck" were used in the film, where ever it was possible - that the actors could better reflect them? "Mountain-people" were actually male mountain ....... <br /> <br /> Every detail of this movie was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play Play in.? It is better to "fight in exchange for your life," I have experienced in some number of dangerous incidents, and I am pleased to live out of the fight. - You guys, who feel your courage rages may have its part <br /> <br. /> The fact that we are completely killed - and continue to do - essential parts of the country is undeniable. In order to be able to view his greatness in any media it is exciting, but it leaves a bitter taste, to understand some of them do not care about it. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it is built right into the area for wildlife, and firmly believes people come before animals. It is their legitimate habitats - we should just leave them be. Any wonder why coyotes and bears and wolves roam around? They or Their <br /> <br /> In some less threatening, we all need to experience the lessons that can be drawn from "Liberation" -. To understand our advance technology does not lead to dominance. I thank all those dudes-cities, which went into the wilderness to make this modern classic, so that it can scare the heck out of me when I watch it. You can have the thrill of danger - I will stick to the TV. 30-c-10.
