Deliverance in 1972 horror / thriller film by John Boorman about a group of four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox), that take a canoe trip down the river Cahulawassee before the river barrier. Along the way, the raft (no pun intended), unpleasant things happening to men. Despite the nasty events in this film, Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river is nice. The place was really well chosen. In fact, it will still be a very good film to see, was the canoe trip went smoothly. Dense forests and gentle landscape only make the horror worse. Not only the location of the stage, but beautifully filmed through cinematographer Zsigmond. It was said that Burt Reynolds' performance as a tourist, Lewis, the star actor's role in this film. I believe, however, that Jon Voight steals the show with his role in a suburban family man, Ed, who quickly forced to change their behavior in order to survive. In fact, the scene in which rises the rock was not a stunt. It was very Voight. In order to reduce costs in the pictures were not insured, and the actors did their own stunts. The soundtrack is particularly noteworthy. Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel performance on guitar and banjo as a piece of string banjo duel remains one of the most amazing parts of the soundtrack in movie history for pure intensity of his work. A few other points in the film, we were treated to more softer, banjo music, providing a very pleasant accompaniment to a trip down the river for all the good points of this movie, I think it's a bit lacking in order, he does not build suspense very well and it's actually not as disgusting as we were led to believe. The story itself is quite poor, and it does not really go anywhere. However, this film has enough good moments to get my recommendation. I did like it, but for fans of gore, there is not very much. No really, actually. It is not so much a horror film as an adventure that turns a bit sour. Think of it as Rambo: First Blood meets Troy in a boat. Note the very young Charley Boorman's son Ed. I did like this movie, soundtrack, film and actor earns deserved 7 out of 10.
