If the movie shocks you with him worrying, brooding atmosphere, and grabs you by the throat with its stunning cinematography, you just know that you have stumbled on a treat, cinema masterpiece. Although the majority of modern films, extremely pleasant, as some of them, the ones that really shock you the center of attention are the strongest, and the ones that are the most critically acclaimed and generally follow you for a lifetime. I say with pride that I am a lover of films that break, not just horror movies, but the ones that send vibe loaded with premonitions. Movies like The breakdown and missing that send shivers down my spine, making you think "holy crap, that could happen to me", and visually tempt you out there with some of my favorite moments in the film. Because I'm only 21, I did not grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, although I am familiar with them, I did not watch as they grow and go through as actors, unlike actors now like Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I must say that after a long deception and watch Deliverance for the first time, I was so delighted by these veteran actors in the film made more than 30 years ago, and still live, it's terrible in competition with modern films. Bert Renyolds plays Lewis, my self appointed leader of the group of four friends in a canoe down the river to the dam of a dummy is made by filling the entire desert in water. character Renyolds' seasoned adventurer, like the no-nonsense, and full of courage. Witnesses him to portray a tough guy, made me think differently about him as an actor, because I just saw it as a shabby old man angry or policy. Dialog Director provides his character gives him enough anger to be proven as a strong leader, and even frightening. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as a novice adventurer, Drew and Bob, respectively, joining for the fun of canoeing trips. The actor, who I thoroughly enjoyed watching was Jon Voight, once again, I only saw him as an old actor, however, unlike Renyolds, I loved acting Voight (and I do not think the Anaconda, when I say, that), for example, national treasures of cinema. Voight plays Ed, who, like Lewis, has experience in the adventure, but are seen as more restrained, reluctant hero / leader, and certainly do not have the courage to Lewis. The film opens in the main four driving in a small town, asking him to find someone to drive their cars to the bottom of the river until they canoeing the rapids and camp along the river. You will immediately receive a terrible atmosphere of HillBilly characters we meet as imbred child who plays the infamous "Dueling Banjo in" at the beginning of the film with the character of Ronnie Drew Cox; and the more the two mountaineers in films rod and disturbing rape scene. As in all atmospheric films, from that moment, the fear and confusion fills the characters and the audience, and it is here that we see the characters take shape and change the shape. Canoe trip, which costs expertly shot and this is where the people fight against the man, and the chances of survival of nature. Kinematics of the film was not appeased, and I once again that the comments from the scene in which Ed is fighting one of the rapist mountaineers with a composite bow. Ed falls on one of his arrows and sees his enemy approaching him, raises his rifle, only to take the floor, as it falls with an arrow in the neck; perhaps the biggest part of the cinematic shot I've seen in a movie. To conclude, this is one film Deliverance, the fear and the atmosphere are the mood across and to this day remains one of the best films in cinema history.
