This is one of the greatest films ever made. It is constantly a classic. The character played by Ned Beatty runs one of the largest on the screen transformations never painted. He was small, almost useless, overweight insurance agent. He is proud of his ignorance, and yet judge "backwards Hicks», to be ignorant. If he praises in his old hat, and the old man says, "you know nothing", "set the tone. It's true. He really "knows nothing". "But one backwoods anal rape later, people hardly warrior. Its shallow fake courage softened a serious commitment. Old dead forever, it remains in some far away forest, soon under hundreds of feet of water. And Lewis, our fearless guide? Lewis philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he's just about the nuts. Burt Reynolds distinguished himself as an actor in 1972 in the film, giving himself completely and this wonderful role. Who would not want to have a friend like Lewis, when one had to venture into the danger forgotten / will soon be left behind the world, as one of our hapless travelers find themselves. This film tells us on many levels. History seems to be real. He works as a full action / adventure, with stunning cinematography, and deliberate, grinding stimulation. It works something like a horror movie, with danger and almost surreal meeting with the vile beast who objectified them "pig" Ned Beatty. But it also works as a feature film, using an incredible amount of symbolism to convey truths that are in our very environment. I saw this movie at least fifty times, and every time we are talking about, I believe that I have to look. You have to watch it quite a few times to begin to comprehend it. This is one deep film. This is one movie well acted. And this is one hell of a story. I gave it 10 out of 10 and put it in the 10 permanently greatest films ever made, along with the list of Schindler, Casablanca, taxi driver and Sling Blade, among others. Movies that make you think. Movies that take you beyond the limits of thinking. Movies that use stories to make your point, not trying to preach to you. If you think that you know, Deliverance, you could, but then again, you could not. It really is that good.
