Ridding stunning thriller as exciting as any good thriller should strive to be, but also the stomach churningly scary. Although this is not a horror movie, it's just as bad as any classic horror film. The very idea of ​​a normal full-blooded man enjoying a weekend adventure miles from any form of civilization, only to be captured and raped by a couple of violent villagers, this is definitely the worst nightmare of 99.9% of the world population. It would be easy to slip on the exploitation of Deliverance territory, but John Boorman deftly avoided the temptation to go down this route and made a film that explores issues and challenges the very meaning of courage. With so many movies, you come out wanting to heaven that you could step into the shoes of the hero, accomplished the feat and save the day and getting the girl .... but with Deliverance, Go forth praying to God that you will never have to experience it that the four main characters go through <br /> <br /> four urban children - Ed. (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - head into the wilderness to spend a few days canoing down soon to be dammed river. Guys ride the rapids in pairs, and Ed and Bobby inadvertently get a little too far ahead of the rest, so they pulled to the shore and waiting for their friends in the nearby forest. Here they fall foul of two local woodlanders (Bill McKinney and Herbert coward), which bind to the Ed Wood, while one of them strips and rapes Bobby instructing him, perversely, to "squeal like a pig." Lewis and Drew come invisible and Lewis, being the fair archer kills the rapist and the other mountaineer beats a hasty retreat into the woods. Under great emotional stress, four canoeists decided to cover the event and to get out of this area. But they found the river more and more dangerous to negotiate as they travel downstream, and the risk to their lives exacerbates when the survivors returned knotweed shoot at them with a gun from some invisible point of view in the rocky cliffs of the river. <, Br /> <br /> Getting very powerful as a survival story, but even more powerful (and disturbing) as a study break macho attitude and left humiliated flakes. Though all distinctive performances, it is necessary to pay special attention to Beattie effort in the roles that many actors have already rejected. The film is very similar thematically to the 1971 film straw dog - both films deal with the terrible sexual violence in isolated areas, and in the end a hard place charged the victim does not lead to any sense of satisfaction. Background terrain in getting beautiful to watch, but it also adds to the tension by placing four kayakers in an environment where they are at the mercy of the countryside and the landscape, with whom rely on other than yourself is really disturbing shooting at its finest.
