*** SPOILERS *** *** *** SPOILERS Packed with memorable moments (such as the above quotes, perpetuating Primus), Deliverance tells the story of four guys who take a trip to the wild forests, to go white water rafting and get away from the big city for some time only to find that their fun quickly takes a bad turn. This is not a Hollywood movie. There is almost no special effects whatsoever, installation is very realistic, and nothing is sugar or done enough. City boys are like city boys, and even a tough guy Luis are displayed with an accuracy of Burt Reynolds, apparently at the mercy of wildlife on this trip. This is a great example of that, if a movie. What if a few friends went rafting in the forest area, that none of them were not familiar with, and desperately trying to ultimately avoid a trial and convicted of murder, they were forced to make in order to save his own life? <, Br /> <br /> There is obviously a very strong element of the film, which deals with social and class structure and relationships (or lack thereof) between rural and urban people. If four guys arrive in the woods at the beginning of the film, they are clearly not enough to know how to interact with people who live there, and they're talking to them as if they are unsure whether they will understand or be able to communicate. This communication unit is shown in the most memorable scene of dueling banjoes, where they are trying to fill the car and the truck, and get someone to drive the ships on the river for them. While Drew and apparently inbred and probably mentally defective boy on the porch are dueling with their guitar and banjo (one of the best scenes in the film), Luis experiencing some difficulties to buy gas, and Bobby makes a comment about genetic deficiencies and how miserable it all. When the boy turned away from Drew, who offered to shake hands with him after their huge jam session, Bobby tells him to give the child a few dollars, knowing that none of them are not quite sure how to react. <br /> <br /> This is the kind of thing we see in Deliverance, which sets so much tension that must be followed. This great scene where there was a lot of fun (including the ridiculous "redneck dance" scene to O Brother, where are you?), Which ended with all the uncomfortable knowing what to do about each other. These people are apples and oranges, and they live for a very different rules of life. People Louis, Bobby, Drew and Edda meeting in the mountains grew up separated from modern society and modern laws, and live by the rules of nature, which do not include not kill. Confuse their embarrassing behavior, the four friends went to the river, hoping for the strangeness to the end and for the adventure to begin. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) If they briefly separated from each other and Ed and Bobby start in a hick from the river, which quickly turn unpleasant, uncertainty about what these people live - which was set up above the stage - takes game to create the most tension in the scene. I think a good sign of quality thriller like this that the tragedy of the film, namely assault and actual killing takes a very small amount of screen time, but remains one of the most memorable parts of the film. There is no gratuitous violence here, it's all there for the obvious purpose and reaches a surprisingly powerful effect. <br /> <br /> The movement is a violent collision of two very different people, and what can happen if they unwittingly find themselves at war with each other. The trip down the rest of the river after the assault, which occupies most of the film, delivers a spectacularly effective stress, and keeps you on the edge of your seat until the bomb you have so much going on that you become numb. It is surprisingly efficient, if we see that Ed may very well have killed the wrong man there, on the rock, and the tension in the film did not let up when the three surviving members of the team reach the bottom of the river, because they provide a dubious explanation to the police about what happened there on the river, and why the deputy's brother-in-law no. <br /> <br /> This is a very disturbing film, which is a testament to its success, because it is quite obvious that such a movie as it is meant to shake people up a little bit. The hill is human (ie, more realistic) version of the sub-human animals seen in children, but rather such films as Gator Bait Gator Bait and 2, none of which may never be compared to timeless film as deliverance. When we go to these four people, through their fateful weekend in the woods, a natural element so real, and we know the people so well and in such a subtle way that it's almost like we, as individuals, audiences are actually the fifth member of the team . It is not often that a movie may come across that way.
