You can put a version of Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol" with sock puppets, and I'll probably look at. Ever since I was a kid, it was one of my favorite stories. Maybe this is the idea that there is good in everyone, so no one goes beyond redemption, that appeals to me, but for some reason I never miss an opportunity to watch one of the many adaptations of timeless classics when they were on TV as they inevitably appear at this time of year. <br /> <br /> what makes this version stand out is really grim meaningful that the cast bring to their respective roles. Line we've heard dozens of times in the past to take on a whole new intensity, and each character becomes more real and believable in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 for this role. It is to the eternal credit him rather than sleepwalking through it is often portrayed the role of Scrooge, he instead gave him a new interpretation that was, in my opinion, one of his best performances ever. He wisely Sun tried British accent, rather than have it delivered the line in this famous gravel voice. His Scrooge is not just cranky old man (he is often depicted), but the person who carries a deep anger against the world. As he visited in turn, each of the three spirits, we understand how this anger is rooted, grown, and finally strangled his soul. As he is forced to reconsider his life, we see that it is alternately softening, and then relapsing into unrepentant obstinacy. And in a big dramatic scene, when he was on his knees and weeping at his tomb, he asks for mercy, as he tries to convince his third spirit of repentance and a desire to change their lives, we see a man who was totally defeated and brought to his knees literally and figuratively. Scott did Scrooge quite believable and sickly people. <br /> <br /> An impressive as the performance of Scott, the ensemble supporting cast makes a significant contribution to the dark beauty of this version. Fred Holywell, nephew Scrooge, is an excellent example of this. Often portrayed as affable buffoon, here he plays Roger Riza with the emotional intensity is not present in the earlier images. When he prays to Scrooge, "I did not ask you. I do not want anything from you. Why can not we be friends? "We see in him not only his disappointment, but his pain Scrooge self-imposed separation from his only living relative. A moving performance and one of the most dramatic scenes of the film. <br /> <br /> Even more magnificent is given to the performance of a great English actor Frank Finlay as the deceased Scrooge partner, Jacob Marley. In most versions of the story, the scene of the gauze tends to be a bit of a low point in the movie, just because it is difficult to portray convincingly dead man, and the results tend to be just plain stupid (Oooh, look, this is a terrible specter ...... . no!) in this version, it is perhaps the most riveting scene in the entire film. Entrance Marley as Scrooge locks on the door swing open by themselves, and the sound of chains rattling echo throughout the house, a terrible surprise. But Marley Finley entirely ethereal spirit. He is a tortured soul, inspiring both fear and pity. Marley may be a ghost, but his anger and regret for life is spent in the pursuit of wealth, and his despair in his realization that his sins are now for the coating is still very human. As depicted Finley, we have no problem believing that even a flint Scrooge is shaken by this nightmarish apparition. Finlay really steals the scene here that is not so easy to do if you are in front of George C. Scott. <br /> <br /> And it just goes on and on, another great performance after another, which makes it seem like you 'again experiencing the story for the first time. Edward Woodward (remember him with an equalizer?) It turns and cheerful and menacing, like a ghost christmas present. If he delivers the famous line, "it may be that in the sight of Heaven, you are more worthless and less fit to live than a million as a child of the poor man," he is no longer a cheerful Santa Claus substitute for, but a vengeful angel, gives Scrooge much needed verbal spanking. <br /> <br /> Susannah York is surprisingly tart mockery Mrs. Cratchit, and David Warner brings surprising depth longsuffering Bob Cratchit, a man who goes through life, carrying the triple crosses of poverty, the sick child, and unbearable boss. His face alternately shows his cheerful courage, and, from time to time, his fatigue, in the face of unbearable circumstances. Later, in a scene in which Scrooge is shown by the Ghost of Christmas Coming Cratchit family after the death of Tiny Tim, Warner productivity, while hardly saying a word, move you to tears.
