"Freedom" is a brilliant condensed epic group thoroughly modern people who go canoeing briefly to commune with nature, and instead of having to fight for their state of mind, their life, and perhaps even their soul. The film also aged. While what has been done in the early seventies, it certainly does not look particularly dated. He still has a visceral punch and cult status as a dramatic posleDeath sixties philosophical and cultural shock of the car. There are very few films with such vanity that can compare favorably to it, although the material of the legendary Sam Peckinpah would have to be there. Yes, there was considerable debate and discussion about the most incongruous scenes of the movie (which I will not cover here) - and is undoubtedly one of the most controversial scenes in the history of cinematic environment - but what surprises about this film as an achingly is beautiful at times . This seems to usually overlooked (although in retrospect it is clear). The cinema that reflects the essence of vanishing, delicate desert rivers are absolutely stunning, and it counterbalances the film as, at the time of a short madness, we the audience - along with the characters themselves - plunged into unrelenting nightmare. "The narrative deliverance is suitably thin and wiry, and it's amazing how quickly events unfold from the perspective of creation, until the crisis, and the consequences. All this happens very quickly, which gives a sense of the very real urgency to the film. Installing effectively carried out through the opening credits. The characters are all well drawn in spite of the limited time spent on backstory. We know enough about them to know them for the human species, which they are, and how they ultimately fear for them when everything goes to hell. Conflict and violence in the film, seems to erupt out of nowhere, with a terrible lack of logic. This author James Dickey topic - that any prevailing romanticism of the nature of the person perceives the inherent "goodness" can only wither and die when he was nearly suppressed animal instincts come to the fore. There are no demons here, or winning. Predatory hill - as the central villains of the film - it's just rude, terribly immoral cousins ​​of our protagonists. They are shocked, because their evil is small and delicate. The film has no peripheral signs. All reflects the weakness and insecurity in urban Homo Sapiens in the latter 20th century, and they are all very real and informative. Burt Reynolds beautifully in this film how fanatical and almost fatal overconfidence Survivalist, Lewis, and it's a shame to think that he really could not get it back a short time of dramatic glory of all the rest of his still spraying up and down career ( " night boogie "with the possible exception). Believe me, if your not a supporter of Reynolds, you will be amazed with his work here. Jon Voight it is usually easy to implement on their own, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox, and make a significant contribution. It's just a big four actors. In conclusion, I have to think about when and if the author of "Deliverance" by James Dickey "White Sea" will be. For those who enjoyed (?) This film, TTWS is just a painful story about the struggle pilot in the US Air Force for survival after was shot down over the Japanese mainland during WW2. This is more common bleak existentialism and the original wildness, which is a trademark of Dickey, but he has all the makings of a truly spectacular, poetic cinematic experience. There was a proposal a few years ago, that the Coen brothers could make it, but in the end nothing came of it. Being an ardent Coen-o-Phile disappoints me to think what could have been if they had received the green light to TTWS, rather than the last couple of relatively subtle effort. Returning to the «Deliverance», it is impossible to imagine a film so honest, unnerving brutality introduced in these times, and it is very embarrassing. We film publicity poorer this.
