The story is told and retold and still retold in every possible way imaginable. the story of the immortal Charles Dickens has been restored in every way imaginable. I admit that I have not seen the classic version of Alastair Sim, and I'm sure that someday I will, but I would be blown away when he touched even close to this amazing version of the eighties. I believe that if Dickens himself created his own story for a film that would be it. <br /> <br /> This story is a well known, I will not go into details, because all seen this in one form or another. Rich, stingy, mean, old man visited by the ghost of his former partner, and warned about his middle way. To straighten it, he visited three spirits, each of which shows him a different perspective of life and the people he is involved in the past, present and future. Finally seeing all this in front of him, he is aware of his mistakes in a big way, and trying to recompense for all the wrong that he has done. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott is absolutely no doubt, is perfect for this role. He seizes the role of Scrooge and makes it its own and creates an incredible character. He is not just an average old person, and someone who implemented specific situations in their lives that made him bitter and angry at the whole world. There is sympathy for him, but he keeps it under everything else, and very stand-alone participation. Scott provides the role of excellence when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> It is not only the leading role makes this film, but everything else fits into place. This is a grand epic of Victorian England, Dickens England recreated before our eyes, sights and sounds, and you can almost feel the wind in your face and smells of the market. Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates the scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. I could watch this movie on it and blinded scenery. It's not spectacular scenery on their own, but it is real. The film takes us from the high-end market traders in the very darkest pit of poverty and everything in between. <br /> <br /> rest of the cast fit into their roles and bring their literary counterparts to life. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and his entire family, including and especially young Tiny Tim played Anthony Walters were fine. Ghosts each had its own distinct personality and added to the dark mood of the story. A Christmas Carol is not an easy story. Dickens wrote this story to a dark period in the life of England, and this is one of the few Christmas stories that are really dark, almost scary, and it must be scary to scare a man who was stingy over the years to turn around. Dark feel to the stories captured in this film, and downright scary, and yet the end is uplifting and captures Christmas miracles. The cost to the film is also something to celebrate, as epic and big and beautiful to hear whether it is the actual evaluation or Christmas music, it all fits. Probably my favorite Christmas movies, because I insist on seeing all this Christmas Carol above all others. 10/10
