Marie: You're smooth. Dan: No, I'm not smooth. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you're like me, a sleek and single did not go together. You see someone you like, rare enough as it can be, and you want to say something, but you do not. Or, maybe you have something to say, but he ends up being perhaps the least sensible thing you've ever said in my life. More often then not, however, you look from afar and admire without having to deal with the adoption of what most agree is the only way to get anywhere in life ?? risk. You can not blame the guy for being a little scared, though. Maybe he was burned hard before, or maybe he's trying to focus all his energies on his career. There are reasons, some valid, some not, and all of them can be interpreted as an excuse, not a reason. You say to yourself that you do not need it or not is a good time for you, but you still want it to happen. In any case, you break it down, it's not easy. Sounds familiar? If you thought, and even a little bit, then the DAN in real life, the new comedy from director Peter Hedges, is a must-see. It will reach inside you and somehow manage to break and how warm your heart at once. <br /> <br /> Dan name Dan Burns (Steve Carell), advice columnist who is admired for his insight in living a balanced, fulfilling life and moral stands. Four years or so before the movie opens, Dan wakes up in his day, he lost his wife and love of his life. After this tragedy, Dan was left to raise their three daughters alone. Meanwhile, and to focus on their careers, to find love again, it was not one of the priorities of Dana. And so he became more functional than a feeling. Removed from power intimacy, Dan does not know what it means to be that close to someone and resigned himself, never knowing that one more time. That is, until he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a book and a tackle store in Connecticut quiet morning. They interaction is casual, comfortable and he catches them both off guard. There is only one problem, actually. It is already seeing someone. Unfortunately for everyone involved, someone's brother, Dan, Mitch (Dane Cook). His whole family came to the home of his parents for their annual visit and now Dan has to spend a weekend yearn and desire for the fleeting feeling he had with Marie in the morning. It lasted only an hour or so, but it only took that long to awaken the heart Dan out of the coma. <br /> <br /> With so many family members to deal with (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest at the helm), DAN in real life is a fall from his grander goals, from time to time. While cyclone children and their parents and aunts and uncles make difficult times for Dana, Hedges also use it without the need for a means to divert attention, with the presumption that ultimately make for a better movie. Fortunately, Hedges was Karel bear a heavy burden. It is a pleasure to watch Steve Carell has come into his own more and more with every picture he makes (in spite of the occasional error EVAN ALMIGHTY size). He is charismatic, charming and obviously sharp humorist. Like Dunn, he is also self-deprecating, uncomfortable and frightening. Karel is a rare comic who pushes himself to find the character in his role, and not rely solely on his comedic instincts and set person. Perhaps more importantly, it is completely Relatable Dana. If he was flopping down on the bed in the laundry room, where he was subjected to sleep as soon as one adult in this reunion or rotates in the kitchen, unable to condition d still had trouble, Dan every guy who has even been sure of himself and felt alone in a crowd. Karel Dan gives so much heart that he becomes the heart of the film at the same time. <br /> <br /> I wonder after watching the film, if I would enjoy it as much as I did, in spite of minor shortcomings (Juliette Binoche ?? I know that you would like to light up every now and then, but I do not recommend if there is chocolate involved), because of where I am in my life. someone who would find someone to get as much meaning and comfort from this film? I can not say. What I can say is that someone who knows what it means to be lonely, DAN is in real life knows what it means to be surprised by life and love, and how these moments and people should be appreciated and cherished. He also knows that anyone who might feel lonely at any time or for a few months at a time, it should be recalled that surprises still happen.
