Superbly cheesy and wonderfully unpretentious 80-exploitation, hurray! Previous credits opening sequence number gives the false impression that we are dealing with a serious and painful drama, but you do not need to fear, because just ten minutes later, we will not until our neck of the senseless chainsaw fights, rough fist fights, lurid dialogue and gratuitous nudity! Ba and Ingrid are two orphaned brothers and sisters with an unusually close and a little abnormal attitude. Can you imagine playfully tearing a towel that covers the naked body of his sister, and then look at her shaved genitals for several whole minutes? Well, It does so to his sister, and, judging by her christened laughter, she does not mind. Sick, dude! In any case, as children, they fled from Russia with his parents, but ugly soldiers brutally killed my mom and dad. Friendly smuggler took custody of them, however, and even raising and training in the B and Ingrid expert smuggler. If the actual plot comes off, after 20 years, they face their final quests as the mythical and incredibly valuable white fire diamond is accidentally found in the mine. Very few things in life ever made as little sense as the plot structure of the story, "White light", but it sure is very interesting to watch. Most of the time you have no idea who beat who and for what reason (and I bet that the actors knew even less), but whatever! Violence beautifully grotesque and every plot twist attractive backward. The script is completely bonkers for repair if suddenly ?? and I will not reveal, for what reason ?? After all, it needs to be replaced to Ingrid and Fred Williamson takes the stage with a big cigar in his mouth and his scruffy black fingers all over the local prostitutes. After all, the main rival is Italian chicken with big breasts, but the hideous accent, absurd, but catchy song plays at least a dozen times throughout the film, there is a mandatory «we're falling-in-love" installation and a variety of other Sight! My God, what a brilliant experience. The original French title translates as "life itself, in order to survive", which is uniquely suited, because it makes as much sense as the rest of the movie: No!
