What can you say about the film White Fire. Surprisingly? Fantastic? Disturbing? Hilarious? These words are not big enough to describe the event that the White Fire. From wobbly, distorted the beginning to the end of the deep, this film will entertain throughout. <br /> <br /> Our movie begins in the forests of the country, somewhere in the world. Family hiding from nameless soldiers in the form of a suit store. When the father is separated from the mother and Childen's, you get a real sense of what the movie you are going to watch. Father makes sure to roll down hills with him all the white clothes and politely as he attracts the attention of people before he shoots them, but unfortunately, my father was burned alive that looks very uncontrolled, dangerous stunt. Meanwhile, the mother and the children are discharged from the beach armed soldiers back about 5 feet behind them. It also gives a stern warning before the action in the form of bizarre, "Stop!" And then quickly dissipates mother. This sequence sets the happy childhood of our heroes and B Ingred. <br /> <br /> So now we fast forward to about 20 years (30 if you are honest about the age of the hero) in beautiful Turkey, where B and Ingred settled as professional thieves, or diamond prospectors, or something. Ingred working in a diamond mine, where it helps to your products, while Bo (deftly played by the dynamic Robert Ginty) drives around the desert in his denim clothing. After all, and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not seem to have any other than each other friends, and they spend all their time together. This coupled with the fact that Bo expressed the desire to sleep with her sister, as evidenced in lines such as "you know it's a shame you're my sister," he said to her, until she naked, make for a very dynamic duo. After then crushed when Ingrid killed as he wanders the beaches of Turkey, with its ceremonial pink scarf sorrow. Restore Hope occurs when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid, and gives her a plastic surgery to make her look just like Ingrid. This opens the door for the fact to have sex with his sister without technically incorrect. Because it is a real fan of ethical gray areas, and he is overjoyed with his new love. <br /> <br /> Anyway, there are a lot of funny scenes, undue violence, a lot of action, it is impossible to follow the storylines Fred "Hammer» Williamson (for some reason), and a large chunk of dirty ice, which is a giant supposed diamond (which later explodes). All of these things are great, but the relationship B and Ingrid, which makes this film special .... really special. Therefore, I sincerely urge all to behold the majesty that white light. You can be glad that you did..or not.
