government, which he struggled to establish, to recognize their loyalty to the promised and much-needed pension. lyrical work Ripstein is a sweet ode to all those who, as a colonel, suffer from abuse cynical and hardened society, which strengthens itself by denying its citizens the means to live with dignity and purpose. In contrast to the absurdity of Waiting for Godot, waiting for the arrival of the colonel of his pension gives hope and meaning in otherwise miserable life. Two things in the film drive colonel who skillfully plays Fernando Lujan; hope that his military pension will one day come and the knowledge that his son, Agustin, died for a noble cause, a cause other than a drunken scandal in rigged cockfights. It is impossible to realize the former and the latter has to prove to the world, Colonel does the only thing he can do is to set about preparing his son, a member of the fighting. Rooster is now a warrior who can bring happiness and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his fighting ring is the fact that the killers of his former owner, Agustin. In a tense confrontation scene between the colonel and Nogales, the murderer of his son, the colonel offered Nogales, paid government agents, money enough to be a full pension colonel. But is money the blood; bribe designed to conceal the fact that those in power have turned their backs to those who fought for their political ideals, and hide around the world, that the son of Colonel soldier was killed because he was writing for the underground paper, which endorsed the right of the Union and the common man. With a maximum advantage, Colonel rejects NOGALES proposal 'raises his fighting cock and go as noble as his old legs could carry him. Once he is at home, Dona Lola, his scolding wife wants to know why the colonel refused the money, if both of them are starving. In response to her question continued, "What we will not until November (when the season starts cockfights)," the colonel replied, "Shit." Excrement is that the poor and powerless were fed all his life, and the excrement of the food that Colonel willingly chooses food with dignity, knowing that he will never be able to sell his soul to those who oppress him. Colonel is waiting as soon as a man of honor and valor in the world without principles.
