After gorging yourself on the different purchased on DVD ex rental seemingly immature films, I realized that it was time for a little serious drama, and who better to provide it than Sam Mendes? For several reasons, «American Beauty» does not appeal to me much like the film, which is easily gloomy affair that Tom Hanks has ever done, and probably one of the most underrated films of the last decade. To do this, not just gangster tale filmed with his graphic novel origins, and it's just wonderful to look out for him. and in spite of my usual allergy to any movie with Tom Hanks name on it (still can not see the "big", not wanting to kick the cat) I'm glad I gave it a try, because it's one of those movies that you will push yourself if you miss it. <br /> <br /> Usually squeaky clean Hanks plays Michael Sullivan, a family man and father of two sons grow during Prohibition in the early 1930s. He is also a professional hit- man mob boss John Rooney (Paul Newman), but managed to keep his work secret from their sons. but after his senior (Tyler Hoechlin) witnesses his dad was involved in the murder of a mob, steam is forced to go on the run, John seeks to lay their matter up. Soon father and son prosecuted in Chicago, where the guy got a man (Jude Law threatening) awaits them. <br /> <br /> At first glance, this looks like a fairly standard gangster film, but as I said, it's really not about gangsters do. It is about the relationship between father and son, thrown together in the most tragic circumstances. Hanks (* grits teeth *) Excellent as a tortured man who discovers that everything has its price, and a little Hoechlin as well as the son of Sullivan. Frankly, there is no performance that I could highlight as weaker than others - actors are pretty much flawless. As cinematography and costumes (and it's not often I'm worried about the costumes!), Which recreates the 30s with excellent effect. There has been so much effort to make things right, and it pays off in spades. It could have easily looked rubbish - they admit that at the beginning of the 30s look was hard to hide - but it is not so and it deserves every bit of credit. Chicago looks especially fantastic, lined with hundreds of cars with unsteady times and filled with people in black and white suits and hats. The truth is a journey through time, even if a little CGI is required. <br /> <br /> The story is also a winner, offering a human face to what is often seen as the stereotypical genre movie villain. Law of the country threatening almost mechanical killer Maguire and proves that you do not have to be Cagney or Brando or De Niro to play a gangster. The film clearly noir-ish, heavy rain and poorly lit warehouses predominate, but at least, violence and murder are (finally) seen to have an emotional and psychological impact on those who perform and those who simply witness such acts. All these memories of the previous age, and previous movies, but he will sweep away the old and refreshing modern tale of redemption including Tommy-Gun showdown and extortion rackets. It may feel a bit slow in places, especially if you're used to the masses gun to play a movie, like most modern viewers (like yours truly), but sometimes, words can speak louder than actions. Mendes put great following in his Oscar-winning debut action film, which is as intelligent as it is beautiful to look at. "Road to Perdition" may not be to all tastes, but this is one DVD I will not be sharing soon.
