Being kicked out of the house and the theater in the severe heat, I could not be more pleased. Road to Perdition, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is destined to become one of the greatest films of all time. Maybe I'm just getting old; maybe I just saw the same themes repeated again and again. But this movie is really different <br /> <br /> The story begins with a young Michael Sullivan Jr. before going out to sea, watching his father's legacy duality -. One of the best people ever to live, one of the most evil. This ambivalence creeps its way throughout the film. The story revolves around a crime boss John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), a young man Rooney once took and who now serves as his personal "Angel of Death." Rooney is connected by blood with his own son, but is associated with love and loyalty to Michael. Young Michael, Jr., was intrigued by the stories he reads to elude the car his father for one night while Dad goes to "work" with Connor Rooney, the heir to the family "business.» Connor allows the situation get out of control, and then, it should be only a warning turns into a murder - witnessed Michael Jr. After the discovery of the young Michael saw that he was not supposed to see, the plot is set in motion as contradictory passions collide. Soon Michael Sr. is on the run with his young son, pursued by an assassin Harley «Reporter» Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will not reveal any details, to avoid any possible spoilers, however, I strongly recommend that viewers learn a lot of duality, which present themselves in the film: The problems between sons and parents (Michael Sr and Jr, John Rooney's son Connor), between the world of home and around the world, "work", between good and evil, between the one who claims to be the people god and those who really, between the "clean" money and "dirty", between The death of a city and a curse like hell. And along the way to savor the visual brilliance cinematographers Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, two Oscars for Best Cinematography): rain pours from the felt, arrows through a mirror (especially the shimmering door), submachine gun flashes from the shadows, in the absence of which or sound. Not only is the 75-year-old Hall has given us perhaps the best cinematic product in his career, but the 77-year-old Paul Newman offers one of his best performances ever. <br /> <br /> Yes ... I'm getting old. But I've seen a lot ... and it's fresh and invigorating. Road to Perdition is a long and loving homage to the gangster genre, the films of 40-ies, in the dark comic book figures that lurk in the darkness, in the villain and the hero in American film as a whole. Go it!
