I made you think, that the first film Sam Mendes, announced significant American film BEAUTY was with regret style, wait until you see his long-awaited second attempt, then relentlessly grim 30s gangster melodrama damned way. Some critics welcomed this new film as a worthy successor to the godfather, rash opinion, made some reviewers taken extraordinary technical mastery Mr. Mendes. If the mechanics of filmmaking that makes the image is large, yes, Road to Perdition is a distant relative GODFATHER in terms of what he achieves in cinematography, editing, music scoring and sound. The fact that he is not a resonance, that all great stories and some very rare movies have something to stay with the audience long after reading or seeing it over experience. As with American beauty, there is a cold, distancing feeling for this film, despite some very tense scenes with paternal love, loyalty and betrayal. <br /> <br /> The story of the killer (Tom Hanks) and his relationship surrogate father - figure, which is also his master, an elderly Irish mob leader (Paul Newman), apparently, was selected from the many gangster movies previous years. The father / son theme that hangs over this picture is so cruel in their treatment, there is not much room for spontaneity; the whole enterprise has been very carefully wrought, and almost all the dialogue is delivered with a large air omen: this is obviously a gangster film, so that the required amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost devoid of any humor to speak with; Only in scenes involving a young boy driving a car to escape in cleverly edited installing any sense of carelessness leaven pervasive feelings of hopelessness. <br /> <br /> At the same time, I have nothing but the highest praise stunning looks of this film; in fact, it is no exaggeration to say that this is one of the most beautifully designed and photographed films I've ever seen. Veteran operator Conrad Hall, it is very likely to win another Oscar for his work here. Production Sets "first and suits only as examples; in fact, the entire film is a technical marvel. Mr. Mendes continues to amaze with his striking use of color, and he and Mr. Hall again make a very dramatic use of red blood spurted from pale painted walls, the more effective and confusion due to the predominance of black, blue and gray colors, dominate the color palette of the film <br /> <br /> If I'm not able to properly noted that the act, it is not because the actors themselves are not able to. all in the film at the highest level, with a special mention going to the two malicious bad guys: Daniel Craig is a classic "man you love to hate," spoiled, impulsive son gangster parents Newman; and almost changed Jude Law as a particularly slimy villain, who goes to hunt for Hanks and his son, and numbers, which is very important in the second half of riveting film. But acting in the film, these dazzling obliged to take a back seat photographic fireworks display here. If Rolls-Royce was a movie, I do not doubt that it will look like Road to Perdition.
