This 1984 version of the Dickens classic `A Christmas Carol» directed by Clive Donner, stars George C. Scott as a Scrooge. So far around, the director task was to take a familiar material, and make it seem fresh and new again; and fortunately, I say with this film Donner not only met the challenge but exceeded all expectations one might have had for him. He tells the story with precision and eye for detail, and extracts from the speech of the actors, who are not less than the highest degree, especially Scott. It can be argued that the final image Scrooge-- one of the most famous characters in literature, ever-- was created by Alastair Sim film in 1951; but I think that with his work here, Scott has now reached such a distinction. There is such a purity and honesty in his Scrooge, it becomes difficult to even consider anyone else in the role, once you've seen Scott do it; Simply put, it is Scrooge. What is a tribute to a talented actor; to be able to take a well-known figure and make uniquely your own is very strange. It really is a joy to see the actor ply his trade well enough to be able to make the character so real, every word he says, down to the smallest expression on his face, and to do all this ring so sure. This study is a perfect <br /> <br /> The other members of the troupe gorgeous as well, but then again they have to be in order to maintain the integrity of Scott's performance. and they do. Frank Finley is the spirit of Jacob Marley; a sharp turn, although not as memorable, perhaps, as one of Alec Guinness (as Marley) in the film `Scrooge. Angela Pleasence is a welcome face as the Spirit of Christmas Past; Edward Woodward, the great and stormy, and quite convincingly, as the Spirit of Christmas Present; and Michael Carter, dark and menacing as the spirit of Christmas yet to come. <br /> <br /> David Warner hit just the right sign with his Bob Cratchit, bringing honesty to the role that scales well to a standard of quality set Scrooge Scott and Susannah York fares just as Mrs. Cratchit. A real gem to be found here, although the performance of the young Anthony Walters like Tiny Tim; this heart never becomes maudlin, but simply one of the best and most interpretations-- real-- ever submitted to the film. <br /> <br /> A great supporting cast includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, as well as the narrator of the film), Caroline Langrish (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). Impeccable presentation, this version of `A Christmas Carol» sets the standard against which all others must be calibrated; no matter how many versions you can see, watching it is not, as we see it for the first time ever. And forever after, when you think of Scrooge, the image of your mind will conjure up is that George C. Scott. Thoroughly entertaining and satisfying experience, this film requires a place in the annual schedule of celebrations in each house. I rate this one 10/10.
