Wow ... I mean WOW this must be one of the best described, I have ever had the opportunity to read / watch. We all know this well-known story. Two martial arts, a man and his son to go to train in any crime cursed Springs and ignoring them both prevent falls in the spring of each. Dad, Genma, spring drowned Panda. And 16-year-old Ranma, in the spring of drowned girl. Now with every splash of cold water they are transformed into the time under the name of the spring they landed. Crazy enough yet? No, that's just the beginning. As if to be one of the strongest teens to ever exist, who turns into a female was not enough, Ranma have to deal with crazy martial arts teachers and hundreds of crazy artistic styles, crazy high school principle, opponents to the right and the left who have accounts with Rummy wither it be for spoiling his life early once or «stealling» of their loved ones. And speaking of family, I lost, how many times a boy or a girl fell in love with Ranma. And more than once she was his bride, the clerk. And that's just with the first few chapters / episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is strange. I have never seen something so mad, so strange, so ... so ... out of this world, and yet it so down to earth and believable ... I can not even describe it fully. It's just a magical story that's so easy to get. What I like about it is the humor. More than once I laughed this much from the manga, and it should not try any of the stunts you would catch Simpson or something like that. I could read any of the comics, and I would have laughed from beginning to end. Another thing the characters. Ranma, you might think that makes it too strong to be set back, but Nooo ... with every little problem history throws at him, he is doing everything possible to survive half the time, and his personality, that silly little boy was it seems but if at the very least, it may be prudent genius. And think of the hundreds of perverts in the show, Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​perverts collectively considered all in the city, more so the ruler of the worst pervert, live someday. His father Genma, do you think the father character will blend into the background right? That's right! But whenever he has some attention ... it just gives you more reasons to hate him still in the same love it! You think you know the worst pope ever from the anime? You have not met Genma. Rega is probably one of the biggest rivals Ranma and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and is probably one of the few people he could actually stand. Most likely, the strongest character in the series, but it has two errors, one of his curse, which turns it into a nursery pig, but his worst wine ... his lack of sense of direction! Then we have ... you know, I could spend hours on the computer, which explain all the characters, the story, everything positive about this, but it would be pointless. <br /> <br /> Check out the series, if you have 't, now! You will not regret it! Although I would advise to check the comics first. I love anime, but I had some trouble getting the series at a good price. And a small quibble, humor does not seem to translate into anime and manga. I think partly because it seems more cartoonish comic to me. But anyway, its a win-win! 10 out of 10!
