however, I first picked up Ranma 1/2, when I was twelve. I was in the library and searched frantically something good to read. Then I went to Comic / Manga section and saw this book. On my first few chapters read, I really do not know what's going on, but I knew that I loved him. I even took him home for a few more reads. Honestly, I'm not getting anywhere. Then, about five months (I'm 16 now) ago my friend watched some anime series, and I was reminded of this manga. I could not remember what it's called, but said that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, creator of another Yasha. I Googled it and then made a hasty decision to watch all 161 episodes. At first I was a little thrown off schedule to 1990, but it really does not matter in the end. None anime ever made me laugh so much and rewind, watch again. Once I watched 45 consecutive episodes during the day. I do not know how I did it ... but I could not stop. Eventually, after about two days, I became obsessed. I even dreamed of - as crazy as it sounds - about watching Ranma. Never have I found a number of so nice, so funny and so moving to watch. On this day, 161 episodes are not enough to keep me satisfied. Of course, the culmination of the end was enough to make me go mad, but one series was enough to get me to continue reading. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 about a boy named Ranma Saotom and his father Genma Saotom. Intense martial arts. They are so strong that they went to the old ground in China and have become "vilified. The grounds were full of different pools springs, and if you've landed in one, you take the form of whatever drowned there when doused with cold water. For Genma, it was PANDA, Ranma and that was ... a girl! it's a very insidious cheerful story. in addition, Genma promised his friend that Ranma would marry one of his daughters to save Tendo alive. "of course, the one he gets mapped to hate him colon and the feeling is mutual. Obviously, us begin to resemble each other, but both methods are stubborn to admit it. But .. Genma has a history of doing this. He promised Ranma many girls. <br /> <br /> Trust me. It's worth a look. It's a sense of humor, touching and all around the country.
