First things first, Edison Chen has done a fantastic, believable job as Cambodia You are a man who was born and brought up in the shelves and gladiatorial ring, where he honed his craft wild battery in order to survive, to live on the mantra kill or be killed. In a role that had little dialogue, or at least a few lines in the Cambodian / Thai, its performance is compelling, perhaps, what was supposed to be in the Jet Li vehicle Danny Dog, where a person is brought up with the sole purpose of combating and on another leash. <br /> <br /> as Denis dogs, talked a lot about the bare knuckle fight sequences choreographed not stylistically, but rather intended as ordinary, brutal fight where everything goes. This is likely to bring a sense of realism and grit, if you see the bullet characters his throat each other in defense of their lives, taking it from others. It's dark, gritty and dark film in the literal and figurative sense, and this distinguishes it from a conventional washing production mill police thriller. <br /> <br /> Edison plays mercenary from Cambodia, which becomes a fugitive in Hong Kong, on the run from the cops as its pickup gone awry. Leading the race is a team led by Cheng Siu-Fai, who must contend with a dissident member of the Inspector Ti (Sam Lee), who is the inclusion and acceptance of the team had to do with the sins of his father. So the cat and mouse game begins in the dark shades and shadow looking seedier side of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The story itself works on several levels, especially in the character of a hit-man studies, and a cop. On opposite sides of the law, we see within each character is not black and white, but shades of gray. With lyrics man, we see his caring side when he sat down and developed a sense of love for a girl (Pei Pei), resulting in some sense of constancy, tenderness, and exposing the heart of gold. Cop with questionable tactics and attitude, makes you wonder how it was possible to buckle when ready to do whatever it takes to get the job done. There are many interesting moments of moral questioning, about how an anti-hero, despised strategy adopted. You might ask what a man does, and what makes an animal, and if we have a tendency to switch sides depending on the circumstances - we have that dark inner band in all of us, going from human to dog, and a dog person? Dog Bite Dog grabs you from the beginning and never lets go to the end, although there are times in the middle of the path through which seemed to drag, particularly in its tender moments, and he also suffered from not knowing when the end. If I had to pick a favorite scene, he should be one market center food - very well controlled and supplied, anxious edge of your seat moment. Look for the score, too, and you're not dreaming, when you hear the roar of the dogs. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend, especially if you think you've seen on almost all of the police thriller genre.
