As I understand it, after the Chinese seized Hong Kong, the infamous Cat. 3 Hong Kong films species disappeared. At least so far, and what a wonderful movie this is one. I knew it was a tough crime drama takes place in, but to be the first Cat. 3 I bought that it was made recently, I was not sure what to expect. <br /> <br /> You are Cambodian person goes to Hong Kong to shoot down the judge's wife, who is also a lawyer, turns out, the judge made arrangements for the hit-man, because it is diluted with the judge, and threatening to take all of their money. That's all we know, during the first ten minutes, so do not be given anything. After impact, the cops find the hit-man is quite fast, but when you try to arrest him, several policemen and civilians were killed. He eluded the police and now the race to catch the man before he runs back to Cambodia. This is a movie that never stops, and is unlikely to give the viewer the opportunity to catch your breath. Yes, it is very strong and intense, many police officers are killed as a hit-man is very, very difficult to track down and take down when they do locate it. Along the way, You are the man, trying to hide in the landfill, he finds women are raped and ill-treatment at the hands of a man. He helps her and saves her from a guy, and she persuades You are the man to take her with him to escape. I loved this movie, it's like a roller coaster that only goes on moving and moving at high speed, since an incident leads to another, and the police sometimes as bad or worse as a hit-man. It operates exceptionally well, and the place of shooting and photography there during exciting. There's no let up in this film, even with a very very incredible ending. The ending is very much incredible and fit the end of all action and violence. So, violence is sometimes tough, but it's not really entirely nonsense crime drama that will knock your socks off. «Dog Eat Dog», of course, it needs a wider release, including the release R1 accurately. Great movie, highly recommended.
