Despite the rather far from my expectations, I was completely impressed with the dog dog bite. I take it, not knowing much about it, but I basically expected it to be a martial arts / action film in the tradition of the standard action in Hong Kong, of which I am a devoted fan. I ended up getting something completely different, which is not at all bad. Despite the fact that the film can be classified as such, and, of course, there are some good action and melee fighting scenes in the film, it certainly is not the main focus. His characters are infinitely more important to the film than his fights, quite a rare thing in many action films Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised by the confusion of the characters and the relationships the characters in the film. The main character, played by Edison Chen (which is actually very good), becomes infinitely more complex until the end of the movie than I ever thought it would be after watching the first thirty minutes. Police symbols and defied my expectations completely. In fact, severe and honest portrayal of rarely seen the dark side of the police forces was quite possibly my favorite aspect of the film. I do not know what I would say, a dog bite dog completely distorts the typical notion of poor criminal, good cop, but this, of course, distorts them in ways that are not often seen in the film (unfortunately). So many movies, especially action movies Hong Kong, I find, to portray the police that, frankly, are very ignorant idealized world. This is one of my least favorite things about the genre. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the dog is a dog bites were actually very unique and really daring ideas to present to the police. There is a negotiation scene in this film that I've never seen this before, and I doubt I ever see, and I'm sure that I'll remember for a long time. In addition, criminal characters are shown with an interesting point of view, and there is some documentary footage in the film of Cambodian boys no older than ten years ago, to fight each other to death with his bare hands, which I thought was one of the film's most powerful and moving moments. He says a lot about why these guys as they are, and not just to condemn them. Furthermore, the connection between the character of Chen and the girl he meets in a landfill shows a lot about his character. It was not until this element is not included in the film I began to really watch the film as an emotional experience, not just visceral one. There is something more than anything on screen relationship that did not quite reach me, but for some reason this one for sure. The actress does an incredible job with this role, which I imagine is not easy to play. <br /> <br /> Dog Bite Dog also has some really exciting film, although it is, unfortunately, quite unevenly. There were some things that I found really amazing, especially in the last segment of the film, but was also a great camera work, which was just OK. Another small issue I had with stimulation, which I also felt was uneven. I found a lot of "looking for a boat" scene to be a bit aloof, although it quickly picks up after that. Scenes are short and not too much, but really powerful and implementation, especially toward the end. Choreography fight honestly not all that impressive for the most part, though all his credit is tough and pretty realistic, but the real strength of the emotional content of the fights. The final scene, not a miracle combat skills or fight choreography, this is one of the most powerful final fights I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot of Phil Mau martial arts. <br /> <br /> I think the biggest determining factor in whether or not one will get a lot from a dog bite or dog may or may not have a connection with the characters. All of them, of course, some of the more vicious characters one is likely to see in the movie of any kind, but there is something very human about them, I could not help but be drawn and really get a feel for them, in particular, a friend of Chen's. I have to say that I doubt, that most people love the film as much as I did simply because I think most people do not like or care about the characters in the same way, but I still strongly recommend it anyway. It's really very touching and implementation of the film, if you give him a chance.
