I have to be straight up - I have not seen the film, as hard as DOG BITE DOG in quite a while. I'm a big fan of "old school" of the late 80's to mid 90's CATIII era films, and I've heard that this "style" movie does little come-back with films such as this, and Herman Yau gong TAU (which, as the letter I have not seen ...), so I was very interested to give some of these films CATIII new shot of waves. Perhaps this film lived up to my expectations? Absolutely - but not quite in the fashion that I imagined <br /> <br /> The story follows a young animal, resourceful and almost irresistible Thai hits a man with a few vague stories that come to Hong Kong to complete the "mission.". due to some bad luck, he quickly identified a fraudulent copy (that exudes many of the same qualities as our hit man), and quickly detained and captured. This state of affairs did not last long, though, as no-name killer escapes from their captors and quickly shows local police, that he should not take seriously. Hunting and the game of cat and mouse game between the police and the "mad dog" (as the police refer to it) should be. Along the way, Mad Dog meets a slow-witted young woman, and through the form of connections between them, when she helps him with a sticky situation. ante keeps getting raised as soon as the goal of Mad Dog is to get out of Hong Kong and back to Thailand any means, and the cops keep trying to reel him alive ... <br /> <br /> I could would probably write ten paragraphs of this complex and carefully layered film, but I I do not want to give too much. I watched DOG BITE DOG do not know about putting anything, and I think that this type of film, which is certainly better to understand that way. As for the comparison with the old-style CATIII movies ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some hyper-violent moments reminiscent of the "good old days", but never as sleazy or dirty as old school as an unspeakable classicks STORY RED or kill. Where many of the main intentions Senior CATIII films were "a shock" - DOG BITE DOG is a much more thoughtful and well-considered production (although this is not to take anything from those CATIII films that I hold so dear ...). This film is much more "emotional" than operational, and as we learn more about the characters and their origin, the audience begins to associate and identify with both sides. There really is no clear-cut "good" and "bad" because Mad Dog shows moments of extreme compassion, and police to lean very unorthodox methods to try to flesh out the killer. There is also no nudity / sex in this film, which is a typical characteristic of old CATIII films. Personally, I would compare DOG BITE DOG great sympathy park to MR. Revenge or possibly Bangkok brother of the Lord is dangerous, because both films are extremely emotional overtones mixed with strong and unwavering actions and violence. Again - there is almost nothing that I did not like about this movie. Dead-on acting, cinematography sharp and well done, and the whole film skillfully combines several different elements, so successfully that it is not seen very often. It is this film (and others like it ...) "rebirth" with CATIII movie - not at all - but it is a solid film that is absolutely worth checking out ... 9/10
