Those people familiar with Asian cinema in general, it is known that Japan is famous, or infamous, because it's hyper-violent movies and Korea is now gaining a reputation for angry brutal films. Dog bites dog, while not necessarily get in the hyper-violent like crazy Miike film, and is not as unforgivable brutal as some of the more ambitious efforts of Korea, it is an ideal between its own brand of cruelty all his own. The greatest power there is in this movie, though, as the greatest of Japanese or Korean effort, is that cruelty, and not directly from the film, in fact, developing characters, if not, pushing the story forward. Two main character are incredibly vicious people, with their motivations and emotional fundamental to being as such. character Sam Lee, for example, is on the border at the beginning, and slowly but surely, among the various meetings with the character of Chang, he showed why he is. Without spoiling this part of the story too much, it includes a morally ambiguous character of his father. Chang's character, on the other hand, has its most primitive instincts, honed, if not perfection, hard efficiency. Surprisingly, the story arch Chang, while not necessarily revealing a human hand, actually shows a side to our animal nature, many people forget about how the natural ability to recognize fellow broken animal (and no, I'm not talking not about Sam Lee and pi-pi dump girl character). Ultimately, however, during the first 80 minutes or so, it's more or less a straight cat and mouse, dog or dogs chase film in which every meeting ends, at least one person died (seriously, when Sam Lee and Chan square off, someone will die) and a fun part of the movie you never know who will make the act of hand. Which brings us to the one weakness of the film. Unforunatley delve into it will be another spoiler, but, to put it simply, is guilty of pushing one of the main points of the film so, and then giving the point to be like 80 minutes of the film, the film goes for another 20 minutes or so, to further emphasize it. Do not get me wrong, when the transition is better with 80 minutes to climax, and when the last act has not been filled with sweet music (in fact, if he, like most of the film, kept the music a little bit low and let the alarm sound effects do their work), he was still able to work and did not detract from the film. As it is, though, in spite of the third act, which is the most vicious and bloody of the meetings, as has been done with it feel to wear, and almost insulting the intelligence of viewers, as he felt that he had to go so far as to get it through, however, it is still a breath of fresh air from Hong Kong cinema, as even the bloodiest of martial arts films never reach the level of depravity and cruelty, while maintaining the character of the vaults in tact.
