WOW. If you think that the film can not be tired in some way, then you have not seen the dog dog bite. This film pulls no punches and he does not shy away from showing very disturbing image at all. Much like Salo, this one shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It is sandy, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it is also one of the best films ever to come out of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The script is much more of the same, but do not go on thinking that it is incredibly formulaic. It is basically a worrying and obsessive detective in a cat-and-mouse against a professional and unfeeling hits man. Although the script does not offer anything new on the surface, it gives a lot of questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really necessary? Should we be more or less people, when we abuse a 5-year old child, without pity, without remorse? In turn, we, the people, do not work no less rabid dogs when we are blinded by anger, it is the sad truth. This is a topic that the director brilliantly explores, not limiting themselves at all. In addition, the cat and mouse chase, the scenario is also developing two separate story lines for the main characters. One of them is love, and the other is about redemption. Even if the script is not new, it is still well written, and it keeps you glued in place at any time. <br /> <br /> action is really, really good. Edison Chen as Hit-man unbelievable; he proves that he is not just a pretty face. He is ruthless, ugly and pretty. Sam Lee is obsessed policeman also outstanding. The supporting cast is generally excellent. Music is also worth mentioning. Very dark score Ben Cheung, with some effective light heart song played in key darkest moments in the film. Cinematography by Yuen Man is also very good. <br /> <br /> In general, this CATIII film is highly recommended. Is developing very well, he worked incredibly, amazingly killed and just really good at the end of it all. However, as many have noted, this is not a film for everyone. If you do not like strong violence, then you should stay away from this. If you do not like to see heavy negative in the film, it is not for you. In the end, the film powerhouse, 8/10.
