It's great and very flattering, as writers and directors continue to make great movies with one of the oldest and most (over) use storylines in the movie! "Dog Bite Dog", in principle, not much more than a simple story with a single copper frantically chasing a brilliant criminal, only SOA-Soi Cheang distinguishes it from the rest of the film, being extremely strong and relentless. This is undoubtedly one of the most uncompromising and grittiest films I've ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to come directly on foot from hell! Even without installment in a trilogy of Chan-wook Park's revenge (except «Oldboy», perhaps) or any other notorious film Cat-III has ever been released on the sadistic and brutal as some of the events depicted in "Dog Bite Dog», Pang is a young and ruthless killer who Cambodian land in the crowded streets of Hong Kong to rule the wife of a prominent judge in the restaurant. When the police arrived at the scene, the young officer Wai see how Pang hastily flees the scene and follow him. The first actual confrontation between the two rabid dogs leads to the blood of a giant bath and Pang ruthlessly killing several hostages and even Vai longtime friend and colleague. Since then it begins an exciting and futuristic cat and mouse game between the police and failed a professional killer. The latter also saves a young girl from the constant sexual abuse of her father and left her in her barn at the local dump. What makes this routine action / thriller, so spectacular (except for open violence) are the backgrounds of the main characters! Pang, a hit-man is a Cambodian orphan, and was trained to fight and kill for money, since he was a child. He knows no limits, has no mercy, and hardly says a word. Wai, a policeman, has been particularly ruthless and unorthodox since his role model father (also a police officer) is in a coma after the incident associated with the drug. Lai does not question suspects and witnesses; he shouts at them, and he is ready to sacrifice everything to stop his new nemesis. People with a weak stomach or tangled nerves are advised to stay away from this movie, because violence and shocks, which are featured in the "Dog Bite Dog" can easily cause nausea. This is not the type of violence, where the bloody heads and severed limbs flying in the air, but more like a very intense and disturbing type where people try to crush his opponents mentally and physically. Location filming effectively dark and terrible and extremely sober music does have a ton of harrowing film even more numb. Performances are wonderful! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen Sam Lee and treated each other as enemies on the set, as well as because of their hatred and disgust screen feels a little too legit. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable film, it is highly recommended if you can stomach. If you are afraid, you can not just wait for a few years, the inevitable US remake, which will no doubt soften the premise a bit.
