Most of the reviews say that this is the weakest point in a brief film career Hamilton. This film is a little different from the others, and believing it to be the best or the worst, depending on what you expect from the film, and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Knowing Hamilton, as a photographer, you may be a little surprised. While Bilitis looks like his book on the move with all these young girls express themselves and relationships with each other on the edge of lesbians, with a plot that combines these scenes, Laura focuses on several characters, allowing you to develop a relationship between them (between men and women, the artist-model), but at least we can see beautiful photos, many of them are better than the average number is reduced for the sake of the plot. Gentle cousin differ from those of both, this movie is just Hamilton, who looks more like a movie than as a set of moving images. Due to the fact that it may be acceptable to a wider audience than the supporters of Hamilton, like erotic comedy (but not the German type of soft core - "Report Schulmädchen» fans will be very disappointed). You will not laugh a lot, but you can smile (and this is something that you do not often get from Hamilton). Unlike all other films Hamilton females age changes. Unlike other films, the protagonist is a boy. Unlike their normal work this one does not extinguish the place and out of time. We have characters that live their lives, have their own destiny and lead us not only from one picture to another, from one to another of a naked girl. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) is lost from a script in his hands. Girl on the beach, in the shower, in the low brightness of the room, in gardens, in tents, in front of the mirror, no matter how many clothes - it is his territory, he can shoot the minutes and hours, and everything he does for you always feel the artist's eye hand on him. But if he has to give us the average daily life, it ceases to be Hamilton and becomes mean a director who just stands scenario. Hamilton is best known for its naked, but they are only part of his work. And gentle cousins ​​we have the opposite situation: his girlfriend is not in the best shots. Nature, garden, house reminds us of the work of Hamilton (often neglected part), while the girl, even if naked, do not have anything special in that it presents to us. Perhaps Hamilton was confused with the boy in front of a camera, maybe he thought of the line that the censorship would have to take, maybe he really was trying to do something new (and no one dared to tell him that he does not have), but he forgot that he was mostly praised for.
