I like David Hamilton nude women artistic photos on the verge of womanhood, sometimes erotic, if not pornographic. Someone loved them, too, because my books were stolen by David Hamilton. In one book he was seen a few pictures of a little boy, apparently nude, intimate relationship with a young woman older than him, and naked. Although discrete, it had a strong sexual connotation. New territory for David Hamilton, who was either stills Gentle cousin, or perhaps photographs taken on set. <br /> <br /> In the art of still photography, unfortunately, does not automatically translate cinema. Soft focus becomes unfocused and discrete angles becomes confusing, perhaps because of the move, they can not be considered. You either see it or skip it and do not have time to watch to understand. The film should be a farce, and funny things happen, but it did not "stick together", perhaps because the story develops so slowly and it may be only a matter of what is happening. In the end, 14-year-old Julien chat with his cousin, but a soft heart, without genital contact, shown on camera. It's a farce, we have frustrated virgin and embarrassing caught in the act of gag and caught them, Julien's father even gives him a cigarette to complete the experience. Frankly, the film is in French, and corresponds to the French cinematic forms, which may be just too subtle for most Americans, even with subtitles in English to help us Phillistines together. <br /> <br /> It has been suggested that this film is child pornography, and that, of course, is the result of today's climate, where sexual exploitation of children is clearly a serious problem. No one in their right mind does not want to endorse or appear to endorse the sexual abuse of children, so that children have remained virtually no place to see, even in a weak erotic context, not immediately activate the alarm about the sexual abuse and exploitation. The guys will think, "Lucky Julien!» Even if they agree that sex and children in the movie is "bad" all at the same time wishing they could be Julien at this age. Women may also have similar thoughts, but all of these considerations should be driven out of his mind. Hysterical, the worst assumptions automatism and issues of children and sex is strictly avoided. Too bad, because the sexual awakening of a real human experience. Afer all, children grow up and become sexual beings like Julien. It fits the literary object, a movie on, but the taboo under the threat of sexual violence against children. David Hamilton, I think the risk to make a film on this subject, even in 1980, he was somewhat successful in the study of this delicate subject, and, unfortunately, we are unlikely to see better in the near future because of fear of child pornography label.
