It was a very interesting film, and I really liked it, I do not usually rent movies as they are (ie. Indy click), but I was attracted to the film because it was an incredible cast that included Jamie Kennedy, whom I so loved the trilogy Scream. The director took a chance (and this is a risky risk), talking about the lives of many people (and I mean a lot) of different people, and who has woven in different time intervals. Taking this risk would be a good idea, because it is the end result of an extremely good film. <br /> <br /> In the film, there are a few main characters; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) - unhappy state cookie writer, whose relationship with his girlfriend on the rocks because of a quarrel. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch) - the aircraft loader / technician who has a love for all living things (except maybe the maid meter) and which, in spite of his good heart has more bad luck. Cyr (Brian Cox) - the owner of a Chinese restaurant / donut, which is a germaphobe, and because of his fear of germs puts his assistant / cook Sung - (Alexis Cruz) under pressure to keep up with his phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk), which he is convinced is trying; stop the fun, look ridiculous, insane, and not live a normal life. They begin to have fine and almost insane arguments and Olive seriously beginning to feel doubts about Ernie. Gordon - (Heslov) is a man whose life is not very good, because bad things start to add in his life, he decides to take it in your hands. Mitchel - (Jon Huertas) is convinced that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the girl of his dreams, and that they were meant for each other, although it is more skeptical. He's trying to take care of her every chance he gets, and he definitely makes a try! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been fired from his job, and my doubts about its role as a supplier, he takes another job, that he is simply not suited for. His wife Annelle - (Arabella Field) is comforted by his loss of job experience, until she learns that Johnston was not quite the one who loves her husband, she thought he was <br /> <br /> In general, I determined to offer this movie.! <br /> <br /> -Erica
