The only reason I give it 9 is that the other actors who played the child Tadashi executioners did not have to work. I guess they were just kids who were the right age, and convenient, but they have not been well coached, and their scenes were a minor annoyance. <br /> <br /> I do not mean to judge by American standards, because it is full of uncertainties and ambiguities species that readily embraces Japanese culture not bound to the black hat / white hat moral constraints of American kids' films are usually subjected. For example, there is a valuable funny moment when a small group of Tadashi Yokai satellites finds himself pulled and refused another yokai and Shojo - natured Kirin broadcaster - is doing what many of the hard-Japanese adult would do. Hint: this would not have happened in the Disney movie. This pattern also has the best location of the product for a beer you'll ever see in a movie baby. <br /> <br /> In the beginning, there is a moment when a school teacher flogs a pair of bullies on the head with her participation book. Was a commercial in Japan a couple of years ago, the film was released. It was a stop-motion clay animation about a child who is depressed and play the guitar and sing the blues in his room. His mother shouts up to him to close. Then someone gives him a chocolate bar and it lifts the mood and singing a happy tune, but his mother comes and tells him to close again and slaps him spinning, leaving a dent in his forehead. I mention this commercial, as it was thought, funny, and I did not hear any objections to it while I was there. There is a lot more bloodshed and physical cruelty on screen in «The Great Yokai War" than one would find in a Disney movie. As a parent, if it's a movie U. S., I would be up in arms about these things, though not necessarily moral lessons apply to the end of the film, which is, of course, are not black and white. Since this is a Japanese film, I admit that these cultural norms allow images that would not get past the standards and practices of the cops in the US industry. However, I would probably be a little uncomfortable to take little kids to see it, not giving them a pro-show briefing and / or post-show trial about violence and other at the commencement of the color things, or I'm going to wait until they "re older, to show them.
