I Last night I enjoyed watching a movie at the festival BUG Florida film and let me say that it was a real treat. The directors were there and they did a Q & then. The film begins with a young boy, smashing roaches under his foot, the man who is close to the parking his car to see the young boy beat him and flees to ask the child `why? Why? he must kill the living entity? in a hurry to counsel youth errors of his way, one forgets to pay his parking meter, which starts a whole chain of events associated with people who are not at all connected with it, some funny, some sad, some funny. This film has a lot of laughs, a lot! and there are many actors that you recognized. The protagonists that stood out in the film for me were: Jamie Kennedy (his comedy show experiment Jamie Kennedy playing Cookie writer, John Carroll Lynch (who plays cross-brother toilet Drew on the show Drew Carey) plays the animal likes the guy who just does not can get it right, Brian Cox (original Hannibal Lecter in Manhunter) plays germaphobic owner of a donut and Chinese cuisine Take connection There is one line where Cox says his cook, to wash away some of the pigs blood. that on the sidewalk, talking to "clear that the death of" that It is quite funny, mainly because Cox "get germs" delivery. comical moment in the film occurs when a young boy imitates his father, whom he had heard earlier in the day yelling `MotherF *****», at the while in the classroom. another very funny and surreal scene when Trudie styler (herself Mrs. Sting), and another actor perform the scene on the show access to the cables, from the movie the boy in the plastic bubble. actor who hosts the cable show access is just amazing, he is so serious and quiet, and his work as a doctor and the boy in the plastic urbaltsy fascinating. There are many other wonderful and funny actors and actresses in this film, and shot him in less than a month with a budget of about $ 1 million of Directors Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (which the writers on trade, writing crazy / beautiful and upcoming tuxedo starring Jackie Chan) has reached the film, which is a great, funny and sweet.
