Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy's most famous comedy duo in history, and deservedly so, so I'm happy to see any of his films. Professor Noodles (Lucien Littlefield) is nearing completion of its rejuvenation formula, with the possibility of reverse aging, after twenty years. Stan and Ollie are chimney sweepers, come to do their work, and very soon the allies want to get away from Stan mistakes. Oli is on the roof, to help with the other end of the brush at the top of the pipe, but Stan ends up in the living room by pushing it back into the attic. After breaking extension, Stan gets a replacement, a loaded gun from the wall, and, of course, it runs the brush. Stan goes up to watch Oli and standing on the roof of the attic door, enters the greenhouse. Stan asks, when he was injured, and Ollie is responsible only "I have nothing to say." Olli gets back to the roof, and he and Stan eventually to tug and pull quarrel, which ends in an ally fall down and destroys the chimney . Oli, bareheaded, in the fire hit on the head with a lot of bricks coming down, and the butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered with ash in the chimney smoke, oh, and the allies still had nothing to say Stan. They decided to clean up the mess, and when Stan tears carpet with a shovel, Ollie asks: "You can not do anything right," and Stan replies: "I have nothing to say" get a shovel hit on the head Ollie holds. bag Stana shovel the ash, they distract from the paintings on the wall, and the ashes in the end down pants Ollie, so Stan gets another scoop hit on the head. Professor Noodles completes its formula, makes a final test on a duck, with a drop in the side water, changing it into a duckling. it also shows the boy on his hurry, turning duckling in an egg, and he then proposes to use the human subject, that is, his butler. While he was gone, the guys decided to test the formula for themselves, but Olli ends Beats Stan in water tank with all the claims. In After all, when something goes Ollie, monkey, and when Stan asks him to say all Olli monkey says: "I have nothing to say," and Stan whimpers filled with wonderful farce and the whole classical comedy you could want from black. white film, it's a nice film. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy was number 7 on the humorist of humorists. Very good!
