This is an unusual Laurel and Hardy comedy with something a dual personality: at times it feels like two films made in different styles fused into one short. Fortunately, each of the entertaining in its own right, and seemingly without effort clown boy carries the day, and synthesizes various elements of film in a fascinating whole. While I have never heard that the fan cite the dirty work, as his favorite Laurel and Hardy comedy, is nevertheless one that everyone seems to like it. <br /> <br /> Our story is set in the house of Professor Noodle, which is one of the key elements of the storyline: wildly over-the-top parody of scenarios Mad Scientist. This marks a rare plant in science fiction area for L & H; Abbott and Costello and The Three Stooges tangled with mad doctors more often than Stan and Ollie. In any case, the professor will receive the creation of anti-aging serum that can make people younger, while his sarcastic butler, Jessup, expresses skepticism viewer with rolled eyes and sometimes dry sharpness. At the same time, Stan and Ollie are chimney sweeps, which appear in the house of a professor in the same day, he hones his decision. "Their" portion of the film composed of typical (but the first-speed) farce with a chimney, roofs, shovels, and a number of unsuccessful failures. If you do not enjoy watching these guys screw up the problem, then you probably will not like a dirty job, but this film is a feast for the fans of the team. Zest comes when Olli sinker through the chimney, landing in the fireplace, and then blows the bricks that fall on his head with a crazy rhythmic precision, one by one. I also like a shot Ollie drum from the roof of the greenhouse; work process is so lightly, I suspect it was something inside joke, by the way W.C. movies Fields' will perform the worst in the world of light transmitting screens. <br /> <br /> slapstick stuff is really fun, but it's a crazy scientist motive that makes this film unusual, and two supporting players deserve the top of the bowler hat: a prolific character actor Lucien Littlefield is terrific as professor, delivering his lines with over-ripe appetite and clucking with joy Hammy, while Sam Adams stitch in a less showy role Jessup butler. As great as Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy was in his prime, it should always be noted that the support of their charges in the Hal Roach studios gave his films a huge incentive. So, as a rule, do background music Le Roy Shield, but dirty work marks a rare event from this period that comedy Roach has no musical accompaniment at all after the opening credits. Mood music might increase production, but no matter; this is a very nice comedy, one way or another, and a prime example of that made Laurel & Hardy are so popular in their day.
