I found this film for the first time when I was looking for some work in witch Stéphane Rideau was involved even in extreme delight caused by amazingly beautiful «Les Roseaux Sauvages» (in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres), André Téchiné. I was looking for these films in the come of age lines. I found that "almost nothing", a film where the director Sébastien Lifshitz magically strikes us, receiving a nomination at the Cannes Film Festival in 2000, the story of two guys, like "boy next door", Mathieu (Elkaym) and Cedric (of Stéphane Rideau), that meet during the summer holidays. In a country far from where he lives, a mother spends a day at the beach with her sister. There he meets Cédric, a local, with which he begins this ESTIVAL and exposed the relationship, with the help of a lot of sensual seduction and person Stephan Rideau provides its character (in "Les Roseaux Sauvages», 6 years younger, he still retains the innocence of sweet seduction witch matures here in the experiment). Embodied in the directing, in the love sequence, in an intimate and confessing description of what is being done about it first encounters the boys (still controversial) sexuality and great love. First Love, in its terrible progression ecstasy despair. The best of the movie is the best of France: hot passion, hot, excited rationalism, brownish beauty, simple and natural recognition made family, though not without surprise and anger first. Nevertheless, there is a beach, luminosity, easy e easy summer fresh breeze of surge melodies and expressive eyes introverted Elkaïm (wavering, pain, surprise, hot). Sex can not be avoided any operation, it is considered that, without any intention of an exhibitionist. The power of pure talent, is the product of excellent quality drama, without cheap sentiment, showing a real image inevitably two homosexuals in the bloom of youth, like any normal person, though with social exclusion and fear of shame. It deserves what he saw, especially those who love French films (although the DVD front cover is very lame, with two actors in between dozens of stars, greased with brilliantine). The film is a witch, in my opinion, deserves to 8-9!
