I agree that the film is a bit slow in places that have a lot of scenes of mundane daily life and without dialogue. And I was not impressed right after I watched it. However, a few days later, I realized that the film remains with me, and it is a melancholy mood that lingers in my mind. My assessment of the film increases. It certainly deserves more attention than those films that are instantly forgettable. <br /> <br /> As many have noted, the film is non-linear, and is a hallmark of the European film industry, unlike the linear narrative form that Hollywood prefers. I really do not know whether it's true or not. In addition, many do not like their intricate structure and the lack of clear explanations. For those viewers, I do not think there's much I can say to change your mind. However, for those who have yet to see the film, the DO expect to be challenged and does not expect the film to put all the answers, and you can enjoy the exit is more than you would otherwise. <br /> <br /> film jumps around a bit, but really the whole chronicle of 3 periods. Pay attention to the hair, and you can easily spend 2 of 3 periods. It is also not so complicated, as suggested; just enjoy it and everything will be clear in the end. <br /> <br /> Yes, a lot of things left unsaid or omitted, as well as a number of situations remains unexplored. But this is not what life is like? A lot of the time you are not sure of the motives of your friends / relatives, if you do not resist them, and even then, you can never be 100% sure that they told you the truth. This type of film makes interpret the reasons for their actions. The film, however, leave a sufficient number of tips for you to make some reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu manic depressive to the point suicide. Why? I do not know, maybe his life is not turning out exactly as he expects it; Maybe he misses his family, but did not forgive her father for abandoning her sick mother in her hours of need; perhaps, in the end, he sacrifices for Cedric, rearranging, and in fact, destroying their lives, to be with him, he understands that it's all "is destroyed." I think that the director wanted to show us that he has always been a little off, the mentality is gentle on the stage w / dead bird. Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche and all these stresses have a negative impact on it. But we have also shown that it is not some kind of animal to torment his psycho loving interaction w / stray cat. In addition, there is a conversation between the doctor and the Cedric, which sheds light on the cause of the collapse and possibly a suicide attempt. The doctor asks him if everything is in order, and Cedric thinks so, even if he cheated on Mathieu once, but there is nothing, according to Cedric. This is the only reason we do not know, there are probably others, all mixed up together. It is extremely important that we know exactly what they are? I do not think so, for this film. Another sure sign that they end up not being compatible historic ruins scene. The mother is interested in exploring the ruins, there is Cedric. He is one w / a raging hormone, which focuses only on the physical side, without the intellectual side, which obviously needs to Mathieu. <br /> <br /> Finally, the ending is really pretty and sweet hope. I was pleasantly surprised by this turn of events after the harsh tone of the ribs to the end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints for DVD. One of them is sound. It is very soft. I had to crank up the volume to hear the dialogue, and then, when he went to the bar or on the outdoor crowd, he became too loud. Another, that the subtitles may be turned off; they remain on the screen. Most DVD foreign film not released a major studio is a bad way, unfortunately.
