"Almost nothing» ( «Come Undone») is the earliest work on inordinately gifted writer / director Sébastien Lifshitz (collaboration of the writer Stéphane Bouquet - a team that has given us later «Wild Side»). As we understand how Lifshitz narrative of each of his works is becoming more treasureable. Letting his tender and sensitive love stories unfold in the same randomly found in the minds of confused and dangerous youth - the time is now, some time later, while reflective time imaginary, only time - Lifshitz makes his stories more personal, engaging the audience with every aspect answered characters. It takes a bit of work to put in place a method, but it happens with technology draws us deep into the film. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (beautiful and talented Elkaym) visited the coast to relax, time to his mother (Dominique Reymond), to deal with its uncertain disease, avoiding worldly and wise Annika (Marie Matheron) and accompanied his sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix): their distant father stayed at home for business reasons. Weaving and from the first moments of the film are images of Mati one gloomy, train ride, referring to someone in a small tape recorder. One wonders, deployment steps, whether all of the memory or the current action. <br /> <br /> While sunbathing on the beach Mathieu says nice young man of his age in the lead role in it, and we can feel the emotion Mathieu trembling confusion. Youth Cedric (Stéphane Rideau) should Mathieu and his sister home, still secret attraction. Cedric coming soon Mathieu and gentle introduction leads to a kiss, which begins a passionate love obsession. Mathieu horrified by the direction it takes, rejects the social approach Cedric, but continues to search for his Consignations. Two young people fully in the throes of love and acceptance of the physical aspect of the relationship, so vital to understanding this story, share with the audience some very erotic and sensual scenes. However, as the summer wears on Mathieu, a perfect student realizes that Cedric tramp works condiment stand at the carnival. It becomes apparent that Cedric is Dionysian partner and mother Apollonian one :. The talking time in the architectural ruin Mati excited beauty and history of the space, and Cedric are only interested in the place as a new haven for lovemaking <br /> <br /> Mathieu is a difficult man to deal with his family ties strained critical illness and without real father, the fear of his flourishing sexuality, and his nascent passion for Cedric. Their moments of joy destroyed reception of disbelief and Cedric Mathieu inability to cope with this issue, and in the end they are part of the way. As time passes, the changes made by the family and the mother drifting into depression, including a suicide attempt. The manner in which the mother cope with all these problems and finds solace, oddly enough, one of the last fans Cedric Pierre (Nils Ohlund) brings to the controversial film has quite a successful outcome. <br /> <br /> After watching the film a sense of identification with these characters is so strong that desire to start the movie from the beginning now with the knowledge of the complete history is powerful. Lifschitz gave us a film meditation with enthusiasm, at odds with the power of passion found in love, and silent film of silence and dreams, incomparably beautiful. The entire cast of beautiful and gentle direction and provocative. Lifshitz most certainly one of the bright lights of the film industry. In French with English subtitles. Highly recommended. grady Harp
