Surprisingly great, if sometimes small and bulky, big-budget fantasy is. Takashi Miike has already proved, by the time he reached the Great Yokhai war that he could immerse in other films, aside from its intended niche crime / yakuza genre (Visitor Q and Andromedia showed this former great last less), but here Miike in his first and only co-screen writing credit, however, it turns out that he can deliver the goods to the postmodern soup mythical fantasy conventions, and with it, the boat CGI, creature effects and makeup, and an epic battle, which is more like a "holiday" than any of the Lord of the rings. Comparisons can be made far and wide, to be sure, and most obvious to go to Miyazaki used for seemingly unique blend of children-as-big-heroes, power-hungry wizards seeking energy of the earth, as the main source, the machine, as the greatest evil, and many intricately defined, beautifully designed creatures (or Yokai name). But it can also be a comparison made in Star Wars, especially in the fight Gungans in TRME, and all the power game between good and evil, with similar powers. Or anime like a samurai or 7. Of course, for Henson films. And through all these comparisons, and even through defects or over-reaching moments, Miike is all the way to the sensitivity of effects and characters. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki plays Tadashi, prototypical child who starts birth gullible and susceptible to things in the world, but will also become a hero in the world takes place in the dark. The darkness of the evil witch who gets her energy from all furious and poor vibes of people in the world, and that is also beginning to kill the spirits and other creatures in Yokhai, into the fire, which sends them to the giant robots that have only one to destroy mission and kill everything in their path. Tadashi get as pumped up as a wizard to fight Sato Sato Yokai time the main mignon and cohort, yeah (Kill Bill Chiaki smoke, even greater villainy) kidnaps the little furry companion Tadashi, several Sunekosuri. Soon, things come to mind, in the climax reminiscent of many other films of fantasy and history, but it can be retained only to the point of Miike and his crew. I would probably recommend The Great War Yokai for children, but in front of note that this is not some fancy breed in American circles. This creature is abundant in the number of one-eyed umbrella and walking, talking walls, not to mention the turtle, snakes and fire women who became cursed Sato. Thus, a variety of high at the other end, and one can almost feel like creatures and effects-, which grows to heights inconceivable when the "Festival" hits of the Yokai reaches hundreds of miles in the area. But there is a sense of fantasy to be strong and light and darkness, and Sunekosuri becomes perhaps the greatest emotional tool at the disposal of Miike (and not just because wit squared); where else to get the audience riled up than a little fluffy ball of rage, which ends in a tragic battle with Tadashi as a robot? <br /> <br /> However, through it all, a sense of anarchy, which can be found in bright spots Miike's career is here, and what distinguishes it from the cartoon, The Muppet and science fiction counterparts. There's a quirky sense of humor, as usual, including songs dedicated Akuzi beans at a crucial moment in the climax, and more than a few flights of fantasy creatures and fight scenes (I liked, for example, a guy with a big blue head which should make it less or are concerned about the turtle Yokai). The biggest danger with access to large Miike special effects and computer wizardry, he flirts with, is overkill at this end. He's got it all down, I'm sure, with the storyboard, and it creates some unforgettable experiences with some songs (one of them, when all is said and done, and Tadashi, and "other" human character in the middle of Tokyo rubble in the top shot) but sometimes a little unconvincing CGI robots and interaction skirts too bright, and some visual effects, such as the imposition on Yokai spread the word about the great festival on the map, just seems weak and stroke. I almost thought that Miike can dip into the (bad) Spy Kids area, quite openly. <br /> <br /> But that responsibility aside, Great Yokai War provides more than the share of excitement, thrills stupid and innocent romance that come with many of the best childhood fantasies. He owes a great deal to the movies, as well as traditional Japanese folklore, but always turn the screws even in the most absurd and veeringly intricate beats. It is not directed at its best, but working in the experiments in a commercial environment ends up working to his advantage. He received a neat message and a lot of interesting adventures. 7.5 / 10
