A lot of people get hung up on this tag films as "children's film" and that is, of course, although it is one of the adults. Takashi Miike uses the fantasy genre, in particular, children's fantasy genre as a springboard into the wild territory, which is a great Yokai war. <br /> <br /> Installation is simple boy is selected to play the "hero" in this years annual festival, only to discover that his role is much more real than he could imagine. Here hallucinations, grotesque, capricious, and often funny journey through the world of Japanese folklore, but h kap there evil Villain to lose, who want to destroy the world. However, the villain here is not just a demon, he is a demon-spirit of the accumulated grievances of those things that people "use" and "Throw». Usuing chamber made of pure liquid hate / resentment villain turns bright colorful spirits Yokai soulless ten feet tall bots handicraft that chainsaw hand and eyes like burning coals (that whove played video games, Sonic Hedghog, perhaps, remember what Dr. Robotnik performs similar procedure for the lovely and furry years, which Sonic was then "release"). <br /> <br /> character in this film is actually the least interesting character, essentially playing the straight man in a world gone suddenly mad. Though he pass the test the typical hero, he more often than not cringe, like many of themselves Yokia, who seems to really defenseless against bloodthirsty robots, some spirits are umbrellas with eyes that say the walls, or being whose soul purpose life is to count the beans ... Of course, in this magical world Yokai war Miike even women to take a magic power, if one believes in them. <br /> <br /> In some ways, this movie destroys the usual conventions of children's imagination, so little, if any, of the heroic characters, their victory is a combination of chance, almost arbitrary faith and desire to party. Yokai spirits, only to rally and besiege villains asylum after they mistakenly doomsday invasion of Earth for a great Yokai Festival, and even then only to dance and party. In addition, the film ends not with the usual festive all is well, that the fantasy ends ends well, but with a final scene showing our hero a year older with adult work, now is not able to see spirits Yokai his youth, which then sullenly turning to villain which, when the spirit can never die exactly. This is the end, with his Yokai spirit, who is the spitting image of Pikachu Pokemon, warns us not only to leave behind our childhood themselves, but the horror of over-consumption. Villain has outraged when people no longer have respect for the world around them and the object (in Japanese folklore, almost every object has some spirit), and so, when they are used and discarded in consumer societies do without awe, they vengeful become soulless machines, not unlike those seen in modern video games, suggesting that even our fantasies and myths really never die, but can be deformed. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first scripting Miike has contributed to, and I believe that this shows that there is conceptually shyness that sometimes gets shelved its wealth of visual playfulness. Although I have mainly focused on history (since many people are here, it seems to write it), I want to say that it is visually kaleidescope with CGI, stop the animation, costume, and live puppet show, which works surprisingly well. There's a lot of fairy-tale quality of the film, and the comparison is justified Miyazaki, as well as a comparison of Endless stories and Labrynth, although this film is sharper and more mature than ever. Yokai are beaten, brutalized and turned into a living machine of hatred, I think even kill a few people, deformed aborted calf staffed by a person is born and dies in the films opening grotesque, while the sexual undercurrent, a woman with a long neck licking face our boy hero, or even symbols volatile memory touching the thigh of a young poorly dressed the spirit of water, the boy seems to linger a little too long for most western tastes, especially when you consider that it is "children's film." However, they are quite Nevena Oia to catch the attention of an adult while small enough so as not to injure the child's bad. GRIMS tales, before editing, did much worse, much more. <br /> <br /> All and all this is one of the most accessible and Miikes attractive enterprises has enough visual drama and great performances (spirits Yokai have humanism and absurd humor with them, he would laugh out loud funny at times) to reach out to audiences of all ages, and a stable conceptual undercurrent is strong enough to make an adult audience who It expected to bring their children, or get out of a sense of nostalgia for the long-lost their youth fiction movie. The last group of the film seems to be aimed at addressing the most ardently to ask that they not only continue to passive consumption of the world around them, but show reverence to this spirit in them that seemed much closer to reality, as a child. Another beautiful, funny and truly original film's exciting director who did not come close to its peak. Instant classic.
