This is probably the best TV show I've ever seen. I first saw it on Comedy Central a few years ago. At that time I did not know that she was heavily edited and has been shown in order, and just watched all three series in the manner and unpublished (thanks to the Internet and your beautiful "series of tubes") I'm so glad it again! I think I like Comedy Central picked and chose his way through a series of one and two, to make the "season" ...... and I tried to get friends and family to watch it, but in fact no one seemed like this (I need new friends). Thus, by itself, I made the best of it, I could. Even when I felt that it was decreasing a little, I still felt compelled to keep looking. Years later, when I found out, Little Britain, I immediately recognized the logo Pauline as impacting Marjorie Fat Fighters. Also, I love the idea of ​​the authors, who are all show .... (not new, but done perfectly here). LB has nothing to LOG! (No offense, Matt & David .... love you)! It really is a piece of darkly comic genius. Serial murder, cannibalism meant ..... you name it, and it is likely to find in this beautiful and unique part of Television Arts. Shots place from the very first scenes themselves are frightening and seems to beckon you in Royston Vasey ..... you never leave! I think my favorite character has to be Tubbs, but each character is painted has its "charm." My least favorite was Papa Lazarus, who was until then, until it again surfaced in a series of three (smart and totally unexpected)! It is best to watch a few episodes in a row as it controls the continuity and, as I said before, it is so compelling (while resistance) that you really can not stop watching. It is not for those with weak stomachs, children, conservatives or grandmother (if you have not received one daring grandmother)! I've always loved British television, especially comedy, with Monty Python, Benny Hill, Red Dwarf to preserve decency, Absolutely Fabulous and English originals grip and control (but not their American counterparts .... sorry). This is unlike any of those, it is completely redraw the line between what is funny and what is just sick and twisted. Nothing, nothing on American television has never come close to this level of entertainment. US television broadcast so boring and lame, I can barely stand to watch any of it. It's kind of sad that even our cable channels do not have the courage to show the unedited version of this gem (your loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately, there are shows like this that come from "across the pond", which bought the entire environment every ten years or so. Basic cable here in the United States had to make tiny steps in the past few years with confidence "crossed lines" with a graphic sexual content, drug use and language for adults, but they are still years from simply deciding to be an adult about showing real life, adult behavior (not just the obsession of murder and blowing things, Sheesh, it's like the same basic format of the show for the last 35 years)! Do not even get me started on the American comedy! Waste of time and a lot of money wasted ...... did you know that "According to Jim" was on the air for 10 years ??? 10 YEARS ?? Anyway ... watch this show, get it on DVD, do what you need, and then make your friends look as well! You've never seen anything like it. There are three events that I have not looked .... I'm saving them in the spring to my best friend the next time he visits. He will look at them, even if I have to chain him and paint his excrement! Line and the line and the line and the line! Note that the three series of moves from one to two .... the more the city, it seems no longer to focus on new characters, laugh track was gone (thanks to the bloody hell), the theme of a group and less than an orchestra and a little bit with the story takes place outside Royston Vasey. Do not be thrown anywhere, that, as in the end, the series has kept quiet corruption demonstrated the first in a series of one and two. I think that these four guys have created something like uncertain. Brilliant, confident and completely insane. Do you want to re-watch it again and again. It is strange that within 5 seconds of screen time they can go from cheap gag in supervisory horrible blasphemy then ends Closeup facial expressions and individual actors. If ever I was to meet with any of the writers / artists, I pray they do not recreate it, or try to refill it ..... I would just say, "Can I help you at all," (then they are likely? , clapping me, so I would ask them to sign slap symbol!) 10 of 10
