Simon Pegg plays the role of Sidney Young, a young entertainment writer who began the rudiments of writing career for the bottom of the magazine, which specializes in scolding the superficiality and shallowness of the rich and famous. He makes a career lampooning celebrities, although it has a desperate desire to be a celebrity himself. The film is based on a very strange career of Toby Young, who also runs a small magazine in the UK under the name Modern Review, which offered criticism of extermination almost every imaginable until he closed the magazine verbal barrage of bullets from his colleagues -editor, and then went on to effectively unsuccessful career as a writer for Vanity Fair, which is largely part of his life, told in this film. <br /> <br /> It is the first excited to go to work in a major publication (named Magazine Sharp in the film), and despite vigorous nerves he shone on the first day. He meets with the chief editor Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges), which is hard as nails, but which is also just this editor, it should be for sucker-off, as the Young, to save their work in the journal. It offers little in the form of immediate adoption of Young, but he also has what can only be described as a liberal tolerance of off-the-wall antics Young and inappropriate behavior. <br /> <br /> Most of the comedy in the film comes from a misunderstanding of Young's or indifference to the standard code of social behavior and a kind of etiquette involved in the fight with the rich and famous. But the reasons for Sydney for acting in such a strange way, and to give insulting looks interview because he believes that he despises an entire culture and celebrity, it would seem, in his opinion, in this age-old saying ?? "If you can not beat them, join them, ?? and then beat them." <br /> <br /> Complicating matters are two very different women. There is a magic, a regular girl in a magazine called Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst), who first shocked the obvious arrogance and promiscuity ways Sidney, and a stunning model named Sophie (Megan Fox), who represents the culture of celebrity. Needless to say, the endless attacks Sidney superficiality and lust surface stardom Sophie, one with a view of the stars. <br /> <br /> Sophie stunningly beautiful, it's true, but it comes across as not having any thoughts rattling around in her head. Allison is a normal girl, not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance makes it a real person. relationship with her will have the entire reality of marriage of Britney Spears, and yet the film retains some level of credibility, because, despite how obvious it is, we believe, the pain Sidney does not have it (I felt it, at least case). <br /> <br /> H is to lose friends and alienate people has an interesting premise and a full fair, satisfactory performance, and although it turns into a bit of a standard romantic comedy in the third act, he has a number of well-developed and interesting characters. Danny Huston, for example, gives us a great performance as the other love interest Allison, which pays homage to The Big Lebowski (also starring Bridges), with its ubiquitous White Russian, one of my personal favorite drinks. Buying Absolute and Kahlua here in China is worth the equivalent of about $ 350, but my kitchen is never without them. <br /> <br /> I'm looking forward to the day when Simon Pegg is the branches a little bit because I love his movies, but I have absolutely no confidence in its range. He played a major character in Hot Fuzz, but only seriously in relation to the insanity around him, and eventually returned to himself again that he was largely in Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run, and now how to lose friends. He is a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else he can do.
