I really, really loved to watch this movie! At first, seeing her poster, I thought it was just another simple romantic comedy ... but it's just more than that! I personally believe that this idea (I am sure that a large part of the audience was just before they saw the film) is another important part of the great concept of the film (or even a marketing strategy)! What I mean: We are currently images slaves! For the experience! I went to the cinema to see this movie, which is a wrong impression, wrong expectations, and in the end I felt the surface I could be! As an example, it comes to mind a sequence near the end, in which Sidney buys a plane ticket to return to New York, and how to ask for "autograph", meaning to sign up for a ticket, he believes that just because he got on TV because of the scandal at the awards he's kind of a celebrity. And it's just, I think, the culmination of the main theme, which revolves around movies. Above this, I believe that the film offers us a solution to get along with it, illustrated throughout the film the relationship Sydney: it is too serious to treat yourself or someone else ... "even at the beginning of the holy people "... Sophie again says in the film. The Saints are the stars of the moment. We explain to them "halo" perfect, eternal happiness, but it is actually much less than that. Even the saints of every religion, the ideal model of how to behave and how to live their lives. Even they were not really ... they were "really" after they died, and we looked at them. And now the catch: we need our saints! we need our stars! We are committed to it, as if it was not for them we would not have nothing to strive for. And television and all other media are the means to create and capture our quest. We desperately need guidance on which to measure themselves. And that's how we got to the cinema to see this movie in the first place: to see if we can meet the standard, or if the test is too small for us. This time it was more than we expected.
