I looked forward How to Lose Friends & Alienate people for several months, especially due to the fact that Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg were in the lead. Simon Pegg is a comedic genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been a favorite of mine actress. How to lose friends and alienate people hit the mark! Of course, not perfect, but very nice and funny. How to lose friends and alienate people follows the life of Sidney Young, smalltime, bumbling, British celebrity journalist hired by an upscale magazine in New York. In spectacular fashion Sidney enters high society and burn bridges with bosses, peers and superstars. After the destruction of one black-tie event by allowing a wild pig to run rampant, Sidney attracts the attention of Clayton Harding, editor of Sharp, and accepts a job with the magazine in New York. Clayton warns Sidney that he is better to hit, and the charm of everything that he can, if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney instantly insults and annoys fellow writer Allison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares assigned star clients of power publicist Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also worried about his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney are finding creative ways to annoy nearly everyone. Its saving grace rising star Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), which develops odd adherence thereto. Over time, Ellison friendship may be the only saving Sidney from him spiraling downward career. The storyline is very interesting and the acting was at the highest level that received the actors. Simon Pegg is still fun as ever! He makes Sydney awkward, uncomfortable and annoying, as real as it gets, but later during that Sydney does not only pleasant, but also a real character that you root in the end. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were great! Kirsten had a very fine actor and funny scenes, and Jeff Bridges Jeff just F * CKING Bridges! How can you not like it? He does Clayton is very humorous in nature with some wit, and generally you just love the guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox, Danny Huston were as big as the supporting cast. Each of them has its own personality, which were generally rather unpleasant, but it is something that just made the film work. One thing I did not enjoy was how some of the characters were one-dimensional. I understand that most of them were the supporting cast, but some of the actors was underloaded and could have given the film more spice to it. How to lose friends and alienate people will never be in the top 10 whose films ever, or even the top 10 comedies ever, but he has a very high level of entertainment and some of the scenes can even enchant you as well. How to lose friends and alienate people, certainly one of the best romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
