Worn Ann and Raggedy Andy A film about the dolls that come to life when humans are not around. In this adventure, they must rescue kidnapped French doll named Babette from the pirate captain. On their way they travel, although Deep Dark Woods, Taffy pit, and even Looney land. Will aide his new friend camel wrinkled knees to help them or just slow them down with its hallucinatory his friends, leaving him? How will they escape Kookoo King and his assistants? That their owner Marcella say when she sees her seventh birthday doll is gone, along with his other toys? . Wonderful surprises await two adventurers <br /> <br /> All the points from a possible 10: History: 8 - Very cute. Dolls that come to life when the master is not around. Not just because they go to a lot of different places, but they are in an imaginary world, so anything can happen. Meeting new characters, going to different places visit the new friends, its great. The characters are all so well in this, too, and who does not like pirates? Operating: 8 - Each character corresponds to their voice so well. In particular, Marlon Brando iris pit enemy, greed. French doll has a very troubled French accent, the evil Hitler Esquire king Kookoo (whose got the hair-like Simpson, Sideshow Bob) plays its role very well, and the sadness of the old Indian vote for Camel works great. Why old dubbed animation was soo much better than new? Music: 10 - Do not have enough perfection here. The songs were in my head for years, and then to watch it almost 20 years later, I still remember each and every one of them, and now will be able to know exactly where these melodies come from. Joe Raposo glory "Sesame Street" has done an excellent job with the songs for it, and all the singing is really good <br /> <br /> Edit :. 6 - Heh, this is where it will get confused. I mean, how far do Raggedy take place anyway? Many events just seem to happen one after the other, and there's no telling who else dolls and toys were, as you've never seen them in the real world of cinema, but it does not adhere to a certain way, and you know they will be ultimately, to get to where they need to go, it's just very hard to keep track of time <br /> <br /> The unique 8 - between this and Unico I would have to say that there are parts in both movies I will never forget, matter. how hard I try. Mainly scary part. I've probably mentioned as old movies were far more terrible than the animation today, but this takes the cake in a terrible factors. Outside the South Park movie and some Disney films almost no animated musicals, or the good that comes out so that it is very unique <br /> <br /> Worth :. 8 His classic. It is worth the hunt to get a good copy Thats for sure, but copies of VHS, probably all stretched right now. DVD version is sold on Ebay all the time, and it will definitely be something that you will see more than once. If something get it for nostalgia purposes <br /> <br /> The overall (not an average): 8 - His great timeless music made in the late 70's and you can still use today. His characters are unique and great songs. So cool, you might find yourself humming over and over again. Give hugs favorite stuffed animal today! Insight reviewer (including offsets): It's not like a series of Raggedy Ann TV I made ten years later. It was way darker and the real world. The effects of this seems like a lot of other cartoons travel acid 70s, in particular, Yellow Submarine. Nevertheless, it gave me memories I will never forget, and can still affect things today. It was not so easy to find, but it will remain a treasure in my collection to DVD-Video discs and forever.
