Oh, boy, God bless the 1970s, we got some of the worst films that came out of this decade: Exorcist, Jaws, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now worn Ann & Andy: Musical Adventure. This film should be used to torture the captured terrorists in telling us about his treacherous plans to destroy the world, I mean seriously, this movie scared the heck out of me. My sister had this film in their collection VHS, and I was kind of wondering what movie they would do with the dolls that came out of the Great Depression for children with very little pocket money. What the hell? It is quite funny as the film version of the 1970s, with Toy Story, largely down to the key, but it was a thousand times worse, Disney was Alice in Wonderland, to get trips in medicines for children. <br /> <br /> If Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann, with his brother, Raggedy Andy and the whole nursery full of toys paintings come to life. On the birthday of Marcella, a new doll, Babette, arrives from Paris, France, in the United States. Babette is a spoiled creature who does not know that she was a doll, but a friendly Raggedy Ann is doing everything it can to make Babette feel at home. However, the pirate Captain Contagious kidnaps her. Worn Ann and Andy went to try to save her before Marcella discovers Babette left. Access to the world outside the nursery, the two meet a camel with wrinkled tribes, blue toy camel that was Discard previous owners and is now heartbroken and lonely. After Raggedy Ann and Andy a ride on a camel, he begins to follow his hallucinations and, without looking, it passes through the edge of the cliff, in a deep hole. In this hole they face greedy, which is a voracious giant clump of iris, which constantly eats and is never full. In Raggedys and camel hair is consumed by greedy and continue your journey to find Babette ?? and believe me, it just gets stranger from there. <br /> <br /> While this film is, of course, disturbing, and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes in many films, it was actually very creative. Back in the day, when we hand-drawn animation, which make the film more personal and that the writers and animators to put their hearts into it, you can say that they did it with Raggedy Ann and Andy: Musical Adventure. It certainly was not the worst film I've ever seen, I just do not know who to recommend it as well. As scared as I was, I must admit that I'm glad I watched it, sometimes you need a «WTF?!» Movie to spice up your choice, believe me when I say that Raggedy Ann had no problems in it just with me. It's official, the doll just awful, let's just put it this way, there is a giant caramel river that eats all the king's head is getting bigger as he laughs, bizarre thing that humiliates Raggedy Ann and her brother, surprisingly almost incest Ann and Andy, and a pair of naked dolls that will forever haunt my dreams with their songs. Slave. <br /> <br /> 7/10
