It is usually several viewings for me to really wrap themselves around it, but it is a real masterpiece for me Tears of Kali is one of the most vivid horror 00-ies, and how independent horror. Anthology horror, she takes on the story of the fictional Taylor-Eriksson Group, a cult of sorts, based in India, the members of which are set out in search of infinite self-knowledge and healing of the psyche, with unpleasant consequences that echo down the years. With bookend segments set in the Indian film made mainly of three stories set in Germany, illustrates the consequences of the work Taylor-Eriksson group, with some rather unpleasant at times with blood. It is interesting to establish how these things go, but what sets this film apart the way the imagery is so carefully set up to develop a horror. Bad things are untied and the general course of the film looks like the desire for self-knowledge and ultimate therapy brings patients horror, doctors and others, and the film is loaded with smart visual cues to the power of the dark forces with which it deals, dark forces unbound by time, place or even a person. Good examples of this can be found in the first story especially when dealing with a journalist interviewed at home in a psychiatric hospital. Earlier in the story we have seen Lars Eriksson, and in particular its shaky (lazy?) Eyes, we see it healing or, at least, comforting the patient. Lady insane first story covered in the same position as Erickson healing the sick brethren, and how it wraps paintings from art class, she runs among his colleagues patients, one of them had seen the paintings, a person with a lazy eye as a Erikssons. There are also links to the folk in tiny roles, extras and walk supplement with extra sensory perception of what is happening in the film, showing the harm that has been unleashed and is able to spread almost to infect others. There is a movie Sorcerer than just the evil within, a film about death, suffering and possible purchase also all related in the structure derived from the Hindu beliefs in a fashion that seems like it might just be operating, but it has more to do with the actual beliefs than would be expected (at least, from the research I did on Wikipedia). Writer / director Andreas Marschall defined deserves considerable credit for his skill in building a movie. Besides that thoughtful, the film is quite scary as the soundtrack Bharti India and Panama, John has a great piano horrible rattle and there are some notable performances, Michael Balaun as a sinister doctor and Cora Chilcot how fancy the patient particularly well. The third story also has a lovely turn from Carriere veteran as a doctor. The biggest problem of the film is that it is not that involving a lot of time, so the potential for fear of losing, but these and a few other performances to achieve participation is quite good. Thus, the film is not quite as gripping as it can be, sometimes acting on and Shagan, too, but mostly I thought it was pretty great, if not enough shade it possible gloss. Well worth seeing for enterprising horror fans, I think.
