Where was this film when I was a kid? After his parents divorced, Tadashi moved with his mother to live by his grandfather. Tadashi sister remained with the pope, and they often talk on the phone. Grandpa just "here" every third day. Mom's never truly at home. Children are always picking on the poor child. During Tadashi village festival selected "Kirin" a rider or a spiritual champion of peace and justice. Little did he suspect that soon he will actually step into the role of hero, as the forces of darkness to join with the fury of things thrown in a plot to destroy humanity and the spiritual world. <br /> <br /> Well, that was the easy part. Now comes the hard part, trying to explain this film. <br /> <br /> This is a great children's film. No, it's a great film, defects, (desperately wicked?), But a great film nonetheless. He turns around, all these great books that you loved as a child and as tight at times as Tadashi struggles to find the strength to become a hero. Watching this, I felt like I was reading a great book, and thought how great it would be if it was a book. I loved that the film does not meet the normal way. Things often come from accidents or misunderstandings, one character is drawn into an event, simply because his leg falls asleep. There are twists and moments that seem non sequiters and appear more charming for it (which is typical Miike) Of course, his film by Takashi Miike. This is a Japanese film master is clearly responsible for the film, which is often moving, scary and funny all at the same time. Nobody except Miike seems to understand that you can have a lot of emotions at the same time, or you can suddenly twist as it gets dark for one second, and then the following ridiculous. I admire the fact that Miike made a film, which is dark and with the hope that does not shy away from that terrible, I mean really scary, especially for children. This is the same dark area, which should be in the Harry Potter films, but rarely. This dark Grimms fairy tale with humor. My first reaction at the sight of the opening image, I could not believe that someone can start a movie with the image of children end of the world, I knew who was doing the film. Hats off to create a Miike film, who knows, children can cope frightening images. <br /> <br /> It is also working on more than one level. Mechanical monsters, bad guys make forged from discarded trash of mankind. His fury is thrown, that warms monsters.One with Yokai (perfume) speaks of rage sneakers thrown out because they are dirty or too little sense when they left. You also have one of the good guys, who refused to join the bad guys, because this will be the person that needs to be done. His wild concept, but, like other things that float around him, which raises the film to another level. (There are a lot of good riffs and references to other movies, TV shows and novels that make me wonder, who is this film for children, because he can not understand them, although many parents are) And, of course, there are monsters. They run the gamut from cheese to entertainment with stops everywhere in between. Frankly you must forgive the uneven create them simply because they have to be hundreds if not thousands of monsters on the screen. His way cool, and it works. One of the main characters is a Yokai, who I think is best described as a hamster in a tunic and often plays scared, it looks dumb and yet you will marvel at the little asshole and love every minute of it goes on in the head Tadashi (Reception also easier if you ever seen an old woodcut of the amazing Japanese monsters) I mentioned disadvantages, and there are several. The effects of uneven, some of the twists and turns a bit strange (even if understandable) and a few other small things that fade at the moment about two hours after watching the movie .. None of them will not hurt exactly the film at all, but most kind of keep you from , it is quite happy with the film. <br /> <br /> I really loved this film. I am sure that if I had seen it as a child, it would be my favorite movie of all time. (Where is the English dub?). Watch this movie. Its a great trip. (Also, it is a good introduction to Miike negative films and graphic blood sex)
