Billed as "the first family film" Takashi Miike in - people who have not seen Zebraman, apparently. Yokai DAISENSO takes a step further in the direction of family friendliness, spreading darkness and cynicism to create a grandiose fantasy tale. The boy chooses a destiny to save the world from monsters and horrors that they are still largely unaware. The film, apparently a bigger budget than anything else Miike made, with a lot of CGI, to create a fantasy world populated by odd creatures (The Yokai). Perhaps the lack of extreme content is a consequence of nervous investors, but I think that's probably just what he wanted to do something different. It really was not a one-trick pony, but it often gets blamed for it - perhaps, Yokai designed to silence those critics. Regardless of whether this is a big project for Miike to direct his boundless imagination and ingenuity. <br /> <br /> There's a cartoonish feel to the production, causing thoughts of Miyazaki in places. Yokai are based on an old comic book series, which have been turned into the basis of Japanese folk tales, which certainly influenced Miyazaki, and (especially Gone). It must be remembered that Miike is not common budget of the film Harry Potter to work, so that the special effects are not going to be seamless Hollywood style of work - some blue-screening is particularly evident. Some of the special effects are large, though, with some very well-animated creatures (a mixture of the CG, stop-motion and puppet). I think that little doll socks, which follows the hero around for most of the film * is * to look very cheap, and it is more and more attractive for him :) young guy who plays the protagonist makes a very good job - it's so hard to find ICBF, who really understands the concept of action, but the 9-year-old Ryunosuke Kamiki genuine talent (I see that he did vote in the last 2 Miyazaki's films!). Chiaki tasty smoked like a thief piece, although Mei Takahashi has made it even more impressive, as the elf-marsh River Princess - yum yum! Those looking for other violence, perverse gangster film is not going to find what they are looking for in the Yokai, but if you're a fan of Miike with his imagination and wit, has a lot to organize here. And it's an added bonus that you can successfully put it on any company that you got :)
