It aired on TV last night, so I decided to check it out. It was one of the projects in the past Bruce Timm / Paul Dini DTV, connected with their old 1992 Batman Animated Series, after Jeff Matsuda came in and re-imagined Batman with his new The Batman series, but in any case, the history of this new Batman cinema center around the emergence of a new vigilante known as Batwoman, Batman but feels the need to stop it because of its extreme methods, and at the same time to take down Pengiun and Ruphert Thorne, who both secretly working with Carlton Duquesne (which, having family problems), and the other villain (who later turned out, film) on arms smuggling operations, they also put a reward on Batwoman. The question arises: who is this mysterious Batwoman and it is possible that they could be more than one? It's up to Batman to solve the mystery and stop the last operation penguin. For an animated film, it has a rather complicated story and a serious tone, which is good. Another plus was a complete redesign of the penguin, which looks much more like a complex Mob Boss, we used to see in the comics, unlike his previous projects, which borrowed elements from Tim Burton's vision Pengium (sewer rats and circus freaks). Despite the fact that the film contains a love story he never wore that far and do not care about the movie, as they say, Batman Forever. Postproduction quality standard for these direct to video projects (unless Batman: Mask of Phantasm took this route), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I said, despite working for some very short 80 minutes, this can be done pretty good (and challenging) storyline complete with a few small twists and a variety of activities. There are a few downsides, however, Nightwing nowhere to be seen, and I'm sure that Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not call, as a couple, even if it's just a reference, Tim Drake (aka Robin) does very little in the film and be open enough I was never a big fan of Paul Dini and character design Batman Bruce Tim (especially in their Batman shows post-BTAS), is the new adventures of Batman and Robin, well, it kind of makes Batman look fat is composed of a fairly well-swollen individual (such as a Jeff Matsuda model character of Batman). Bruce Wayne seems a bit uncomfortable, those blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent then the bar (although it is true they are very similar). Another disadvantage is that Rupert Throne (no explanation as to why he is in this deal, but we can say with confidence that it has the goons and that the reduction of the transaction), which does very little more than hang out with Penguim or get yourself hurt each time it shows the gun at someone (count how many times it occurs in the film, and you'll be surprised. overall, a good Batman animated film should be at least a rental.
