THIS POST MAY contain spoilers: <br /> <br /> While it's been 5 years after the series ended, and the World Bank is currently working on the Justice League, this animated film is in addition to the video library. Why? Well, if the mask phantasm complements the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series and SubZero compliments 15 episodes of The Adventures of Batman and Robin, then the Mystery of Batwoman completes the final version of the 24 episodes of Batman Gotham Knights. Kevin Conroy voice again gives performance that is nothing short of perfection and excellence. I admit that I was a little suspicious when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think of were the old 50s Batman comics. But I was blown away by Batwoman character, her look, her suit (which I guess is inspired by Bruce Wayne to create a costume for Batman Beyond) and the fact that this movie keeps you guessing who Batwoman it all the way to the end. If you want to know who Batwoman is, buy or rent a DVD. Barbara Gordon makes a cameo, and I think that the authors have tried to hint that Bruce and Barbara's something going on between them, as they did in the Batman Beyond. Tim Drake Robin looks like, but its role is small and, unfortunately, there is no sign or mention of Dick Grayson alias Nightwing, which leads me to believe that he is established in Blüdhaven (a city in the comics). <, Br /> <br /> Of the three suspects in the Batwoman, Kathy Duquesne my favorite that looks very much like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa has done a great job as one of the other suspects. When it comes to villains, I'm glad that the penguin was one of them, but I did not like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams and David Ogden Stiers. Pengy just does not sound right. The same is true for Robin. The new guy did well, but as soon as I start to get used to Matt Valencia, they replaced it. Interestingly, Kevin Michael Richardson, who is voiced by Carlton Duquesne is now the Joker's voice in the "Batman" series. And we will finally see what Rupert Thorne looks redone, as it did not appear in episodes of Gotham Knights. The late John Vernon will be skipped. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva as Bane's voice, when he had to be replaced, they got the right man in the form of Elizondo. I just want them to two persons, the Riddler, or terrible new version of the Scarecrow can be used. <br /> <br /> Score and especially the soft sound of the intro was great. I would like to make it on the soundtrack, and I especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented in Cherry Iceberg Lounge with her song, Betcha Neva. While some believe that this film is a weak mask phantasm and Subzero, I believe it is just as powerful and enjoyable as the rest, plus, as I said earlier, is a full length of the film is built on a version of the Gotham Knights Batman that I I think that gives a good balance. I would recommend at least rent this DVD first, before you buy for those who might be suspicious of this film, but personally, it's well worth the purchase. I give the mystery of Batwoman 9.
