It begins with some of the principles at the stage start in Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like Duke) is a driver and begins his usual tirade against women in general, with his girlfriend Pearl is no exception. He then applies a distorted version of the biblical story of Samson, in order to justify its retention of long whiskers against the wishes of the Pearl, which is a city barber, not less, and who claim that if all followed suit, it would be out of business. This point will be returned to dominate the last scene in the movie. Gabby seems irritation to some observers, but it is a definite plus to this. It's too bad that he was unable to better westerns Randolph Scott to help relieve common iron-jawed Randy behavior. Also, at this stage, Randy (Armin Cole), his future wife (Cathrine Craig and Celia Wallace), with whom he became acquainted with, and a little girl (Myrtle), to which he soon becomes a hero when he rescues her from a quick stage after it is based on puppet wheelchair uncle Randy John Armin (George Cleveland), which mainly operates in the city. <br /> <br /> Randy soon learns that his uncle, and the release itself, it is not popular with local people. He did, however, quickly form a useful friendship with Gabrielle. Once he finds out that his uncle, John was responsible for the stage robbery rival businesses, Celia Wallace, and connected with the murder, he demands that Uncle John to return the money and decides to work for Celia and her brother Ted (Russell Hayden), instead of , for John's uncle. <br /> <br /> As the prospects of his opponent, John's uncle decides to put an informant (Barbara Britton and Letty Tyler) in Wallace's office to keep him informed about when they deliver ore from the mines in the city so that he can sabotage their run. If this does not work, he turned to draconian tactics of staging the arson of his own office, to which Randy blame. Unfortunately, when a fire Randy was Letta apartment was opened in opposing her suggestive proof of the fact that she was a rollover from John's uncle. Myrtle and Letts indicate that he was in the apartment when the fire was opened. This puts him and Letts in the dog house with Celia (his alleged beau) and Ted (who hopes to Letty). This news also comes to an end, John's uncle trust in Letta as an informant, and he asks her to leave town. Instead, it goes to the other side and says Wallaces, why Randy was in my apartment. Uncle John is once again trying to sabotage their ore to run, and if that fails, there is a general exchange of fire in the city. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot is well constructed and executed, with the complex relationship between the principles, and a number of obstacles to overcome with the help of Randy sometimes his companions. At least Randy was spared from having to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had a choice to avoid the killings, but confidently says that the woman would not have the courage to carry out his threat. Hayes and the presence of two wonderful healthy single women, as well as some of Myrtle, have helped to defuse the tense atmosphere otherwise in this battle for survival, like Uncle John put it. <br /> <br /> It seems strange that Barbara Britton, "bad" girl gets top billing on the female Katherine Craig, Randy's love interest. Barbara at the time the camera was much more limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up on TV series Lassie with George Cleveland as «Gramps» will be surprised to discover that he played such a mean control of the villain. We may wonder when his wheelchair status has to do with this person. This leaves him a few options to make a living in the Wild West. No apparent family to help support it (except Randy), he can not afford to have some upstart beat him with the most profitable business in the city. On the other hand, from his conversations, he probably reached its status as a city of "boss" before becoming confined to a wheelchair.
