In the final line above, says James Cloud (Robert Preston), his brother Tom (Robert Sterling) about says it all. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, there is a way to make things happen, but the trouble is that he usually leaves the company, where he was. Nha like mentoring Tom foreseen for the younger brother Jeff, who likes what he sees Jim, especially when protecting their ranch of Texas against the local breeders. <br /> <br /> Revelation loans state "Introducing Barrymore Jr., as the younger brother", this is his first appearance on the screen. It seemed rather strange to me, especially since it was addressed to, as Jeff almost immediately in history. Approximately eighteen at the time of this film, it bears a passing resemblance to Sean Penn. Not someone else's personal and legal problems throughout his career, as well as the separation from his family, I have not left wondering when his daughter Drew Barrymore, perhaps, ever seen this picture. I tend not to think. <br /> <br /> As for the similarities, I was also struck by the thought that the young Robert Stirling looked a bit like Roy Rogers at the start of his career. Knowing Sterling earlier only from his role as George Kirby in the early 1950s television series "Topper," I thought that he looked out of the West, but that might just be me. His character becomes Encouraged by his brother's ingenuity to create problems, but also gives some nervousness before this not so typical stories. Minor podagovory abound, including relations ranch John Gall (John numerator) has with his son, the sheriff (who kills Kid Wichita), and caring marriage between Kathleen Boise (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (who kills Kid Wichita). Wills cold shots of the main roles as one of the laborers Tom Clouds and shapes somewhat predictable final. <br /> <br /> That is not quite predictable how things in the end, there is wind, and for this reason this western earn points for following less traveled, so not quite as formulaic plot, how much good brother / bad brother westerns do. Combined with an eclectic cast by the principal, it is one I would recommend, even if you have to endure some of the jump cuts and careless editing that I have experienced with my copy.
