Robert Culp (they call it character "doctor" ... I think he's a vet or something), and the family moved into a prosperous, low-tax, the zero law enforcement suburb. Lantern-jawed Culp and his dog was nearly killed, when some local idiots neighbor kids get drunk and "go cruising" through his front yard at 60 miles per hour. It allocates the charge that angers Small and suddenly he and his family were the victims of violent and disturbing pranks company. <br /> <br /> Marilyn Manson, uh, Marlin Mason rather plays it annoying, boiled -celery wife who convinces him not to use violence against him mocking nemeses, and who really just wants to go somewhere with decent public services. But the system does not get anywhere Culp, and he was not going to leave his home because of some punk kids and their crazy rock 'n' roll. And we all know that the movie people do when the system can not ... (but it's based on a true story, which makes it even better). <br /> <br /> It is worth noting that while criminal thugs are doing a funky comfortable 70th-O-Matic "teenager" theme music, which warns us, if they are up to no good, this film actually ends processing ages even without help (really!). It does not make a big deal out of generations of it. Kudos for that. <br /> <br /> In any case, if you like a dog (or, at least, to believe in the protection of their civil rights, as I have), and you, as justice, and you, like a fire, and you like justice for dogs on the path of fire, and you think that people who scurry nervously from disadvantaged communities "too damn soft," the spirit of the Flick up your alley. No, it's not quite "good," at least not in any generally accepted sense of the word. There's nothing subtle or understated or reasonable about this, it's just kind of a full-length PSA for lynching. It is, however, capture the feeling of some memorable scenes in other favorite works. Remember, in Frank Miller's The Dark Knight returns, if Batman is riding Mutants to return Gotham City? Remember that scene in the Christmas story, where the child faces a bully in Pounds? Do you remember how great that was? Or you just really hate looking at funny your neighbor? So, Mo <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it was in 1973 made for TV movie that I just happened to catch the 4 am at my local branch of the Security Council, and it is probably not intended for release DVD. But once inspired by this film, do you think I'll just sit here and take it!?!
