"Ice Age" is one of the cartoon films ever produced Blue Sky Studios and released in 2002 as the first company. We get acquainted with the main characters: a protein named Scrat (voiced by Chris Wedge, and note that the sound of screams Scrat is the sound of crying from Tom cartoon "Tom and Jerry"), a mammoth named Manny (voiced by Ray Romano from the "Everybody Loves Raymond "), a sloth named of Sid (voiced by John Leguizamo with" Titan AE "), and the saber toothed tiger named Diego (voiced by Denis Leary with Pixar's" a bug's Life "). <, Br /> <br /> The film begins with Scrat is trying to bury an acorn and immediately after that he caused an avalanche. Then we see a flock south in the coming Ice Age (for Manny, who is going in the other direction, in search of other mammoths that were similar, except for him). Sid comes out of his cave yawning, and saw that his family left him. Then he pays taxes with some aardvark. Unfortunately, he gets pursued by Sylvia (voiced by Kirsten Johnston «3rd Rock from the Sun"), female orange sloth, who wants to migrate Sid go with it. Sid eventually teaming up with Manny, and they became friends. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the next human tribe, Soto (voiced Visnjic), an evil saber toothed tiger, wants revenge for the leader of the tribe kill half of its package just by stealing his infant son, Roshan, far from it. In the morning he, Diego Soto and assistants, Lenny (voiced Toudic), Oscar (voiced by Diedrich Bader), and Zeke (voiced by Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but the leader escaped with his wife and gave him Roshan Manny and Sid care. In the end, Diego joins them, and went on a journey to return Roshan back to his tribe, who is also looking for him as well. Relax and watch the movie and find out, okay? Also, Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia and Roshan, secondary characters are there including a pack of wolves that tribe Rocha uses, not to mention fat female purple couch potato named Jennifer (voiced by Jane Krakowski), and a thin woman yellow sloth named Rachel (voiced by Laurie Bagley) to which Sid Roshan shows them as they relax in the tar pit. By the way, two rhinos, Carl (voiced by Cedric The Entertainer "Madagascar" in the PDI) and Frank (voiced by Stephen Root Pixar's "Finding Nemo"), who go after Syd kills for its food and resist Manny on a rock mere secondary characters. The same went for the Dodos, using watermelons as food. <br /> <br /> jokes in this movie is very funny. For example, Manny speaks through the trunk said: "I will not," When Jennifer and Rachel from the tar pits, Sid asks Jennifer, "What would you say if we jump into the gene pool and see what happens," Jennifer then answers it: "What would you say if you're going to jump into the TAR PIT!? »Rachel and then begins to Sid at the waist. Silvia Diego keeps see Sid's neck with his teeth, she asked Sid, as he held his breath, says Diego to eat it, and quickly goes <br /> <br /> As the "Ice Age" is not only a success, but it has 2 extensions:. the first was «Ice Age: The Meltdown», which was released Ana in 2006, and the second was the "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs.", Which is set to release next year, I can hardly die while waiting to see what "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" will be.
