Slaughter High begins, like any other day in Doddsville County High School, where there is little minx Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) was fraudulently resident botanist Marty Rantzen (Simon Skaddamor) in the locker room girls, where she tells him naked in the shower, doing so gang Carol friends to come and give the now naked Marty big surprise as they shoot it, how to stick his head down the toilet in the girls' April Fool's day joke. sports school coach (Marc Smith) saves Marty and punishes gang that pretty tough to blame Marty is, they decided to play another trick on him but this time things get out of hand & Marty is caught in an explosion and a nitric acid splashed over his face . Many years later, and the whole gang invites you to the reunion in a real close schools, they come to discover that they are the only ones there. They all businesses inside, where they quickly learn that they are not the only ones there, Marty is back and has revenge on his mind ... <br /> <br /> Originally shot under the upper-Day deception that they have changed because, probably, another slasher called Fool's Day (1986) made in the same year, the American English co-production is unusual in that it has three credited writers & directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after never seen the movie with three credited director, I just saw two in t day, the other being Jean-Claude Van Damme movie kickboxers (1989)) and I must say that I really enjoyed, and Slaughter High even though it seems to be a pretty bad reputation. One of the things I like about the script that is purely unashamed slasher flick, he does not try to be anything else, and it just takes the rules of genre, the short comings & entanglement and plays to them. Basically it provides what it promises, but deadly killer, blood, boobs & babies. I thought the character was good, the story was in order, even if it's just an excuse to get a load of teenagers in an isolated place, so some killer can pick them up one by one, and I really liked the twist ending, and that the fact why Slaughter High gets a lot of flak for. The first half begins a little slow, but the second half is moving with velocity components as there bloody murder one after another. Some of the situations and reactions of nature makes little sense, but the same can be said of almost any movie ever made, so who's complaining? <br /> <br /> Despite three Slaughter High credited director turned out pretty good, I liked the look of the film a lot. Dedicated worn school made for a really atmospheric place, and looked good, the manufacturers throw in a good storm, but also have some nice photos, especially at the end where there is a large impressive continuous long-term monitoring stedicam arrows that go through the various corridors Carol rundown schools. Though not particularly stylish it certainly looks quite nice and professionally done. There is some good baked blood here, including the charred body, melted people with acid, impalings, explosions stomach, axes in the people and the death of the mower as well as those who get flooded in the feces down the drain! The special effects are also better than one would expect, and I was so impressed and happy with higher than expected body count. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is better than I expected, and has the lowest budget horror shit that is released today, I would have thought that in itself was a relatively low budget, though. Possible to establish in America, it was very obvious, filmed in England. Harry Manfredini is another bill, which sounds the same as all his other scores, and basically the same as the theme from Friday the 13th (1980) and it is for. Anyone who lives here in the UK is likely to recognize Billy Hartman, who played Frank as a regular in Emmerdale Farm (one of our countries with the highest-rated TV series), in which he plays Terry Woods! While most horror fans recognize sexual Caroline Munro in a rare role peepers. Legendary producer Dick Randall operation made the case for Slaughter High & actually appears in the movie as a producer of porn movie ... talk about a type! You can also see a poster for a strange brilliance that was Pieces (1982), which he also produced for him in his office. <br /> <br /> Slaughter High is a slasher that I really liked, did you see that? I did not say that it was perfect, I actually said I liked on a personal level, and I am sure that a predictable plot and lack of history, probably put a lot away, so I can not recommend it, but I can say, that liked to do that, that's what you want. Make sure you see the director's cut you if you ever decide that you want to check it out. If not a supporter of the slasher flick genre, the Slaughter High does not change his mind, but if you are looking for a simple and effective slasher, then you could do a lot worse than that.
