God Bless 80 slasher films. It's fun, fun movie. This is what Slasher movies are all about. Now I'm not saying, horror, slasher movies only. It is as follows: high school nerd is defined on all these stupid dreamers and cheerleaders, and then one of them prank goes horribly wrong. Disfigured and back seats, sports mask Joker / Jester (quite creepy looking, I might add), Marty begins killing those teen, one on one, many years later, after he manages to make them believe that their old abandoned average school having the reunion. It's basically the story? What's wrong with that? This is the beauty of the 80-chopper films, most of them I would say. Many can be so funny, but they continue to draw you more Anh as they go. Especially this film. <br /> <br /> He has some blatant murder, and some of them are very creative as well. (Poisoning the beer can, acid bath, I can not remember the spear ever used before in any other slasher anything) This is a really fun, fun movie. That's all. Nevermind the fact that the characters are idiots, not to mention his own stupidity, and not to mention a blatant, random things that happen in this movie. Such as lights being able to control the killer (if it does not switch any buttons, you'll see) and toilets are in a position to cough up blood, able to have a bath in acid to get out of them, just use it as part of your entertainment! Because what really makes it interesting. <br /> <br /> Movies like this are 80-slashers. Never again I could not film, how to get it done, you know why? This is not the 80s anymore. That's why you just have to nurture them for what they are fun! I highly recommend this movie if you're a hardcore supporter Slahsers, such as Friday the 13th. <br /> <br /> One final note, this film was also a kick ass villain, and, Marty Rantzen. Mutilated, botanist, who kills all her old enemy in a terrible mask of the clown. A good villain makes a good slasher. Simon Skaddamor who played Marty apparently committed suicide shortly after the High massacre was released. This in itself adds something awful to film, and stick with it, and he even makes you feel more sorry for the character of Marty, I think. In general, a large 80-shredders fun! It's a shame, it will never be the same ...
