Burtinskaya Canadian photographer who makes art from less "cunning" of objects imaginable. Everyday objects such as crates, boxes, metal containers, etc. - items that most of us take for utilitarian at best and dismissed as totally without aesthetic value - instead turn into wonderful objects Burtynsky camera art. He achieves this result by focusing on repetitive colors and geometric patterns that seems always present in the industrialized countries - for those who are astute enough to spot them, that is. Even compressed garbage heap can become objects of beauty when I saw through the lens in Burtynsky (but we already know that, "Wall-E"?). He is particularly interested in photographing areas as mines and shipyards, where a person already made forays into the nature - which may explain why sometimes even the people in his paintings (ie working in these places), with their only clothing and robotic movements that are part of the industrial landscape <br /> <br /> «. industrial landscapes, "a documentary about Burtynsky work, most of my feelings« Koyaanisqatsi "about it, I it blinds us to its richly variegated kaleidoscope of images and patterns, in fact, directed by Jennifer Beychval and cinematographer Peter Mettler capture the essence of the original photos in a purely cinematic point of view, because their own camera records Burtynsky and his assistant working shoots at the factory in China, dock in Bangladesh, as well as on the construction site at the massive Three Rivers Gorge Platinum project in China. Of these, the camera-work liquid creators film corresponds to a point-to-point images Burtynsky beauty. In fact, the film offers a stunning eight-minute long tracking shot of the Chinese factory, in which hundreds of identically dressed working working away in a very balanced and color-coordinated rows. <br /> <br /> The film makes it less good if Burtynsky gets around the articulation of "themes" of his work, which is, frankly, beyond sounding confused, contradictory and decidedly half-baked at best. But this is a purely aesthetic experience, highlighting the figure and shape of that "Industrial Landscapes" resonates most. In the case of Burtynsky, perhaps a picture really is worth a thousand words.
