I heard that this film was a study of the landscape photographer of art, presenting the beauty of the men's deconstruction of the natural landscape. This, of course, showed the labor intensive activities to find a place to adjust shooting and capture the frozen image, whose final destinations are art studios around the world. Connected moving images is really a horror show. <br /> <br /> This film exudes displacing shock you with gruesome images of gentle waves of beautiful industrial soundtrack, which will help you enjoy the slow moving river. Each sequence by itself, but combined you deeper and deeper into a sense of overwhelming inevitability. There are a few words, it allows the enormity of that shown to preach in their own way. Awful, massive factory filled with human machines who live in dormitories hopelessly barren. Individuals die early, and rummage for recyclable scraps in the mountains of our E-waste. Maternity giant ships and destroy them by hand in a giant cemetery. Construction of Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial project in the history of mankind, and probably for all time. period of time, as the city is dying, and at the same time revived in modern times replica purposefully destroys all culture relic that was. <br /> <br /> The worst thing for me was the image of an engineer of the dam, explaining that the most important function of platinum was flood. Shifts shot in the garden behind the representative where you witness the last level of the flood of toxic water, eating the bark off the trees, showing that nothing but the very disgusting parasites can not live in water. <br /> <br /> Unknown obvious is much more powerful than a regular instructive Save documentaries on Earth. The artist explains Burtinskaya method perfectly. "But, not to mention that you have to see ?? Many people today are sitting in an uncomfortable place where you do not necessarily want to give up what we have, but we realize that we do create problems that run deep. It is not simply right or wrong. It needs a whole new way of thinking. " The subtlety of this comes down to either / or suggestions, but the image of the movie screaming that the decision was made very in favor of the dark side. <br /> <br /> While not directly available in any case, as the waves that you witness wash away from your consciousness, and you are thinking, there is only one conclusion can be ?? we are doomed. The progress of humanity, which inexorably from our natures reserves the carnage that this artist is a terrible beauty. What he actually capture appear traces of lemmings, we unconsciously throws to our own demise. Unlike most films with environmental themes, this one does not end with a call to arms. He argues essentially that point, but makes certain you properly lay the blame on all of us equally.
