This is a documentary that came out of the excellent work of the Canadian landscape photographer, whose interest has long been the destructive left on the ground excavation or building rights. It starts with a huge factory complex packed with people who make a wide variety of small things, the details of high-tech equipment allegedly; it is actually not very clear. The emphasis is on how much space and how many people and how they are driven around the outside in the little yellow jackets. The film also shows the photographer working on a high structure, to make still an array of these people outside the plant, and to speak with his crew, as he does. It's a world of ruthless industrialization. It's a relief to at least be aware of these soulless images will not be presented without a human voice, as is the case in the maliciously cold documentary about Nikolaus Zhirholter in the food industry, "our daily bread". "Manufactured Landscapes" contains images of people purge of electronic waste and the city (many of the city, in fact), which destroyed the largest dam ever, with a long-term trademark shot of a little girl in the rubble of her own neighborhood there is a bowl with a pair of chopsticks almost more than she did. Some of these scenes are miserably underpaid workers driven into hazardous and toxic sites may have been memorable shot of the main Engage photographer Sebastiao Salgado. But this is not so much for the photographer ikavleny to people close. Its orientation places it somewhere between Salgado and cold neutral modern landscape photographs of Lewis Baltz. <br /> <br /> All of this is happening in China, of course, although previous pictures in black-and-white photographer is working around .. a large shipbuilding site in Bangladesh It is based on the music in the industrial-style New Age, which alternately soothing and oppressive There are quite a lot of shots of the photographer - whether some of them are made of shooting? It is not clear. <br /> <br /> Burtinskaya is the name of the photographer. We see a man wandering through the exhibition of his work-- beautiful big dramatic prints carefully chosen color camera type image with a beautiful glow. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such a unique and beautiful photos of places that essentially ruined, and to the normal eye, the hardships and sad. He admits himself that he does not take any political position. If we compare it with the images caught by the roaming eyes film filmmaker Peter a Mettler, work Burtynsky almost reaches a kind of glorification, and therefore fraud. But he tells us to put that, if we look closely, do not show their full dark stories of ruin and neglect, no matter how accurately processed photos of them may be. <br /> <br /> According to the logic of things, but not completely, fortunately, it is Burtynsky whose voice-over narrates most of the film, as it runs through the various sites. "Enlightenment» Burtynsky, perhaps inspired by his decade of fine work, but they are useless, but a truism about how we are changing the planet irreparably; dependent on oil, which will be completed; China came into the game late in the massive industrialization, and therefore can burn out sooner with the depletion of fossil fuels. Interest "to make landscapes" would have been much greater if there were insightful ideas to accompany him. The reasons to watch are two: to see glimpses of Burtynsky works and in raw materials, space, and he visits the chronicle so beautifully; and watch the scene with a huge, strange, frightening, and rather frightening industrialization of modern China. <br /> <br /> Due to the limitations of the story, the idea of ​​the title "Works of landscapes" feels underdeveloped. It even seems to be incorrect. New landscapes they are, but they are a by-product of the manufacture of, and not a "production." "waste Landscapes" or "Wasted Landscapes" may be a better name. There is left this documentary to find more intelligent work on a film about this intriguing topic of a lot of space, and those who want to know more about Burtinskaya could have done better to view his book or show.
