As soon as I knew Keira Knighteley be in this movie, I said, "I must see this film." She is the undisputed protagonist, Domino, a bounty hunter. Her "work" as "no action" scenes will teach us, it reflects a rebel, violent attitude to life. I must admit that this is the first time I see the gunman, the most important scene is one in which the device is far from the hero's hands. Thus, it trampled on me a bit. Anyway, for all John Woo fans have helicopters are falling down, explosions, gunfire, as if it will rain, and excellent Keira, which shoots two machine guns, one hand. The cast is absolutely brilliant. Keira goes beyond, that this film is a real tomboy, quite different from the fine figures we used to see, Mickey Rourke is back, with his usual slap throwing personality and his powerful body. Christopher Walken does his job very well, as the producer of the reality show <br /> <br /> Let's go back to the contents :. This film has a journalistic form. Talk show scene "ugly" real. Anyone who has watched this cargo. ,, You know what, we can say that it is the air that you are breathing in these situations. And also as a producer, when Domino's mother says that the reality that must show Domino life is "trash, do not be offended," he replies, "I do not accept it as a crime." This film reflects the hard life. The Domino, coming from a world that does not like it, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a bounty hunter, "not as the Bounty», Choco (third guy from the group), the family (using the words of Ed), "correctional institutions was "Alf and driver / bomber comes from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people is, in a sense of humanity is born "without a shirt"; lucky, violent, and have nothing to lose, excepts them (as they will be considered) unhappy life. Joining the film says that it "is inspired by the true story of ... More or less," so that I could not tell how much of this material is accurate. In any case, beyond the explosions and dozens of weapons (which could be "added" to make the film easier to see, and be classified as an action movie), the story of the characters are too realistic to be "edulcorated". <br /> <br /> interactions between characters of different, well-studied, and definitely not boring. What did not convince me as the role of the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, sober as ever in his acting career). He is only the reason for Domino starts to tell his story (and this story). Perhaps the only "against", a movie with a lot of "yes". <br /> <br /> All in all: This is not a "Special Forces". Symbols are processed; they have identity form. They have a name (not just «Gamble» and «Street»). The case to say that this biography of a girl whose life has gone as fast as a bullet.
