Advance notice: I'm sure someone is going to accuse me of playing the race card here, but when I saw the preview of this movie, I thought, "Finally!" I can still see a film about the popular African-influenced dance (whether it is a popular hip-hop movement, breaking, or stepper), where the main character was a black woman. I've seen too many movies where the non-black woman who does not know anything about hip-hop comes fresh on the hood and does a mediocre job of his (Breakin, Breakin 2, The Last Dance, Step Up), but Black women in the film are virtually absent. It has always bothered me, given so many hip-hop, Afro-under dance influence, and breaking was with blacks and Hispanics in mass quantities in these specific kits, and it's not always the people who carried it out, so I felt that this the film has been a long time of arrival. However, the race does not make the film, so I also like to wear a believable plot; dancing to be interesting; and interesting to see <br /> <br /> Pros :. I really enjoyed this film bringing Jamaican culture. I can not remember ever seen the popular main movie, where all the main characters were Jamaican; It was believable accents; and were not stereotyped with a cap. In the stepper, family, friends, and even the "thugs" were all very clever, realistic people who are trying to love, to live and to survive in the area they lived in, doing something positive. Even when the public was informed that the sister of the protagonist has chosen an alternative lifestyle, he still did not stereotypical plot. I was pleased with the way it seemed. I loved stepping; flirty romantic relationships occur between the two stepper; Test that the main character's parents were going through; and how she was dealing with a return to their old neighborhoods and business with the crabs in the barrel. I respected that she was so intelligent and active at the same time, and many other sistas in the film itself in the world stage were appeals. They were all just fine, as the guys. I do not see that too many films at the moment, at least those that would be considered black movies <br /> <br /> Cons :. I'm not quite sure why the directors or the one who put the film together did it, but I doubt I whether they show a real step. Every time steppers were ready to do some hip-hop song will play instead of the hands / feet hit steppers. On a real stage show, there is zero need for music, except, perhaps, entertain the crowd between the groups. And then, when they were made the song hip-hop, sometimes to the beat of the song was dropped to the beat of hands and feet steppers. It was uncomfortable. I was more impressed by stepping in this film against "Stomp the Yard" (another big stepping movies), because women should represent as ferocious as the guys (in "Stomp the Yard" Megan Goode got everything a few seconds some important twist and hair flip, and (Delta?) released a chant and a few steps, and were cut immediately). Even when they were very small scene, it broke the house, especially in the auto shop, and it was not all that music to drown their physical music. I know the soundtracks to be sold, but the people in the movie could have been playing music in other parts of the movie. <br /> <br /> I am not a supporter of Keyshia Cole, so every time I saw her, all I kept thinking was "if it is written in the script for her constantly put her hand on her hip as she says?" she looked uncomfortable on the screen for me. I thought that they must have used a lot as Free or Rocsi instead. Deray Davis was funny as usual, though. Also, I groaned when I learned that the film should have been in the ghetto as a stepping could not happen anywhere else. Hollywood, as usual. However, only a couple of people pictured as too ignorant in regard to their surroundings, and lost that mainstream movies tend to do. <br /> <br /> I would give this movie five stars, but the music plays killed it for me. I definitely plan to buy it when it comes out, and we hope that the bonus stage will include the actual step-show without all the songs.
