In the film adaptation of Canadian director Kara Skoglend on Margaret Laurence's novel The Stone Angel Ellen Burstyn is Hagar Shipley, proud and feisty woman approaching her nineties, who wants to remain independent to the end, stubbornly refusing to be placed in a nursing home on her well-meaning son of Marvin. The film was shot in Manitoba, Canada, and in the fictional town Manawaka, Stone Angel is simple and traditional interpretation of the book, which was required reading in Canada High School English language courses for nearly half a century. <br /> <br /> title of the film comes from the stone statue was erected on the grave of his mother, Hagar, which serves as a metaphor for the inability to express emotions Hagar during her turbulent life. Burstyn brings vulnerability and humor to the role, but it is a little too cute to fully realize the ego-driven, self-defeating character who managed to push her wealthy father, her motives, but her husband is an alcoholic, and her two sons. As she nears the end of his days, she reflects that "the honor was my wild and the demon that led me was fear. I was alone, never anything else, and it is not free, because I was carrying my chains inside of me, and they apply to me and shackles everything I touched. " <br /> <br /> Opposition to spend his last days in a nursing home, Hagar looks at her life and looks at her failed relationships, her memories, referred to in flashbacks without voting -More story. The story begins with the dance, which she attended as a young girl. Companion her Aunt Dolly, she meets her future husband previously married Bram Shipley (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer, whose reputation in the town will be tarnished because of its connection with the Indian population. Young Hagar plays Christine Horne, who is exceptional in his first role functions. Despite the pleas of Hagar, her relationship with Bram rejected its cold and rigid father, whose refusal to attend the wedding of marriage starts on the wrong foot. This is compounded by the fact that he is leaving all his money to the city Manawaka, dooming a young couple in the life poverty. <br /> <br /> Going through the motions of her marriage with Bram, Hagar abandons social activities to prevent being rejected by the upper classes of the city. If it produces two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), she can not give them the love that they need. "Every joy that I could hold in a person or any child, or even my simple morning light," she reflects, "everyone was forced to a standstill some break their own performances ?? If I ever come clean heart? "Like the biblical Hagar fled into the wilderness, because she could not endure further humiliation of her honor, Hagar leaves Manawaka live in Ontario, but eventually returned to the farm Shipley. <br /> <br /> If the scene shifts back to the present, Hagar flees to an abandoned house near the ocean, which she remembers from his childhood to escape from the room in a nursing home of Marvin and his wife, Doris (Sheila McCarthy), here she meets a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who is interested in her and makes her look and to take responsibility for the mistakes she made in her life. Stone Angel pulls out all the emotional stops, but do not fully develop their characters to the point where I felt any interest in the outcome of the story, although the energetic performance of Ellen Page as a loyal but naive girl John and moving final scene brings a new energy to the second half of the film.
