I was amazed at how much I enjoyed this the most thoughtfully brought dramas, which, because of its rather dismal 6.6 rating, I almost missed; I rarely give the time of day for any movie with a rating lower than 7/10. Having said that, I am so glad I gave Stone angel watching it that much deserved. So, if you, if you are one of the rarer sensitive, insightful and thoughtful varieties of human remains on this earth in a living form. <br /> <br /> I must say that in many ways (though not all), but it was his theme, design, style, production, etc., Stone Angel reminds me very much praised «The Notebook». I was so surprised that other commentators entirely pick up on the many similarities that have repeatedly struck me during this movie, so I can only assume that those who wrote comments yet see the laptop. They may not share any topics of Alzheimer's disease, but I can safely say that if you liked "Notebook" you are sure to find a lot of your time most productively with "The Stone Angel". But even if you have not seen a laptop or read a book in which is based this step (which, incidentally, I have not), you should be sure to find plenty to keep your attention firmly - as long as your favorite genre is not They include fast-paced action thriller. This is a film for thinkers, and those who like to think of the passage of time, how life changes over the years, and what could happen in life, as one looks back over the years. <br /> <br /> It is a quaint yet undervalued great movie really deserves a rating of about 8/10. I can only blame its current lowish rated 6.6 / 10 by 11% idiots that gave it 1/10. In the end it attracted at least 300 votes in the time of my writing this comment. However, if 11% of those who gave it the lowest rating possible is really waiting for the car chases and explosions, why they do not look ... at least for a few seconds in the room movie and advertising lines? Oh, my God ... Whatever the light coming to, do not miss this most underrated gem of the film - but only if * you have a brain (which means your top ten does not include transformers, Fight Club or The Terminator ).
