Homelessness (or domestic life, as George Carlin pointed out) has been a problem for years, but never a plan to help those on the street who were once considered people who did everything about school, work, or vote on it. Most people think that homeless people are just a lost reason, for example worrying about racism, the war in Iraq, pushing children to succeed, technology, elections, inflation or worrying when they go to the streets But what if you were given a stake in the streets for one month without a home , entertainment set, bathroom, wall image, computer, luxury luxury, and everything you ever treasure you see to see what is homeless? This is Goddard Bolt's lesson. <br /> <br /> Mel Brooks (who drives), who celebrates Bolt, plays a rich man who has everything in the world until he decides to bet with a sibling rival (Jeffery Tambor) to see if he can live on the streets for thirty days without luxury ; if Bolt succeeds, he can do what he wants for future projects with more buildings. The bet is where Bolt is thrown on the street with a bracelet to track his every move where he can't get off the sidewalk. She has given the nickname Pepto when it is written on the forehead, where Bolt meets other characters, including the woman under the name of Molly (Lesley Ann Warren), a former dancer who left before her home was lost, and her salaries Sailor (Howard Morris) and Fumes (Teddy Wilson), who is already used to the streets. They're surviving. Bolt's not. He is not accustomed to reaching reciprocal agreements as he once did when he was rich, fighting or flying, killing or killing. <br /> <br /> Although the love relationship between Molly and Bolt was not necessary to find, I found "Life Stinking" to be one of Mel Brooks' attentive films where, before comedy, it shows a gentle touch to his stroke, such as Blazing Saddles, Young Frankenstein or Spaceballs. something valuable before losing it the next day or, on the other hand, making a fool like all the rich people if they don't know what to do with their money. Maybe they should give it to the homeless instead of using it as monopoly money to give it. Or maybe this film inspires others to help.
