Titanic, directed by James Cameron, presents a story of fictional love from the historic center of Titanic. The plots are simple, complex, or not for those who love plots that twist and turn and keep you in the distance. The end of the movie can be thought out within a few minutes of the beginning of the film, but the story of love is still interesting. Kate Winslett is wonderful, like Rose, the aristocratic young lady Cal (Billy Zane) gave. At the start of the trip, Rose Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio) meets a lower-class artist who was on his way to America after winning his ticket in the Titanic poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets it differently from the upper classes who are so concerned about their social concerns. Two love and viewers see Titanic drowning mainly through their eyes. <br /> <br /> Nowadays, the film begins with the research of wrecks by a group looking for treasures. Titanic, which has recently taken place. One Titanic, Rose DeWitt Bukateri, who had heard about wrecking on television and who had flown to a boat where he was looking to find out what he remembered to find. He says his memory of a trip to Titanic. This will shift the scene to Southhampton, Ireland, where Titanic traveled since April 10, 1912, as all passengers enter. After the second stop off the coast of Ireland, Titanic went to New York to see his Atlantic Ocean traveling across the Atlantic. Historically, during the first few days, the journey went unevenly, but the fictional graph of this story has been developed over the period when Rose sees the grip of hopeless engagement that she is wealthy with Cal Hockley and falls in love with a third-class passenger, Jack Dawson. Captain Smith, as shown in the film, called the director of the White Star Line to increase the speed of the ship so that they would make newspaper headlines and get extra publicity on Thursday night in New York, not on Friday morning as planned. Then Smith ordered the innocent decision against his thirty-two years of experience to speed up Titanic's feet. Titanic had reports that Atlantic waters were filled with fountains, but they ignored these warnings and moved at full speed, as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912, at 11:39, an iceberg was observed. They tried to turn off the engines and turn the ship out of the iceberg, but there was not enough time and the ship hit the iceberg on the right, as depicted in the film. The portrayal of many small holes on the side of the ship and not one large rips on the side is accurate. The Titanic team sent out emergency calls and missed the missiles as shown up to 2.18. California California lights were seen six miles away, but they couldn't figure out what was going on and what didn't match the many Titanic tools. California had previously tried the day to warn Titanic of the heavy ice that had caused their trip to stop, but Titanic had practiced them, causing California to turn off its radio and leave Titanic. The first women and children in the class were the first to be placed on the ship's twenty lifeboats. Overwhelmingly, third-class passengers suffered the highest number of deaths and the team also hit this tragedy. The words of White Star Line employees and first-class passengers were believed by second and third-class passengers when the authorities tried to get information about drowning. Also, in recent years, the metal used to build Titanic has been found under severe cold conditions experienced at night when Titanic was very brittle. In general, the basic piece is very accurate for the events and times when these events took place at Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in the story were real and simply created for the purpose of the movie or composite characters that represent the potential qualities and ideas of the ship's people. The main groups of the mother of Rose, Jack, Cal and Rose were all fictional characters who added the story as they represent different people from time to time. However, there are many signs, such as Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; ship designer, Thomas Andrew; Bruce Ismay, White Star Representative; and all Titanic officers were real. The maid's trip was still to be Captain Edward Smith's last trip when he planned to retire after that. He had been part of the White Star line since 1880, when he worked as a pioneer of Millionaires when Titanic sank. The officers' images are accurate, as only four survived the tragedy, except for the officer who threatened to kill all the ship's passengers with a gun. He has been heroically recorded and misrepresented so that James Cameron apologized and honored a clerk at a former Canadian town. As shown in the film, there was a linguistic problem between the non-English speaking nations and the crew of many lower class passengers. In addition, Officer Lowe was the only officer to return to the lifeboat. The old people who were in bed when the water came into their room were based on Strauss. She did not want to leave her husband, Mrs Strauss refused her rescue boat and died with her husband, Titanic. What's more, Mr Goggenheim, who was shown his brand and smoking cigarette, allegedly went out as it was his best. The ship's richest man, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan, nevertheless died, but his much younger wife was rescued by the lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was rescued and later the medals for the Karpetia team who chose the Titanic survivors. His ticket to Titanic had cost over four thousand dollars and eventually ended his life. All ship interiors were masterfully replaced with the last portions and silver. A gymnasium that is hardly visible is created perfectly with all the machines that have been reproduced by old photos. Wonderful outfits and costumes were a wonderful re-creation of the 1912 Victorian era. The rich at that time practically dominated everything, because the women's electoral movement was not quite moving yet. Women often married during this time because of financial security, as Rose weighed on it and usually took her back to her husbands when Cal wanted to make Rose. The rich did not take the "new money" as depicted by Molly Brown. All of the time was very formal. The women had to eat for the male figure for dinner. Smoking was not very common among women, but at the same time, the owners of the cigarettes that came with it were used in Rose. Men from time to time cigars did not smoke cigarettes. Women were physically detained by their corsets and society. Although James Cameron had no background in the historical films he brought to the Titanic experts with two years of cross-reference to Titanic history, little freedom was taken. Beautiful cinematographs and special effects helped make the movie breathtaking. <br /> <br /> In Titanic, you can see a recognizable message because people on board had about three hours to think about their death. Director James Cameron shows different reactions in people's lives during the crisis. Everyone reacts differently and he can think of how you would have reacted if you had been in such a situation on this fateful night of Titanic. In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990s when it was produced because it gives an overview of the Titanic wreck. Only in the last fifteen years has the actual Titanic site been discovered and studied. This film gave us a deeper look at the disaster that many would not have seen. However, it is a moral question whether people should take the treasures of underwater tombs today. There have been attempts to stop treasure-trapping missions, such as those shown in Titanic, but all have failed. Nowadays, everyone can make a trip to Titanic and take any valuables they represent in the film, showing the general values ​​of our time on this issue. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is very well done. In order to get the wreck at the bottom of the ocean, it took twelve dives to get the film needed for the film. In addition, a special camera had to be created to withstand the intense pressure on the ocean floor. Cameron did not plan to use a probe to go to Titanic as long as someone was 88 years after the ship was sunk, but he worked out to give the ship a unique perspective. What's more, the Titanic wrecks throughout the film will destroy the Titanic scene during its actual journey. This change between the present scene and the previous scene during the trip acts as a great transition that makes the story easy to track. At the beginning of the movie, a seventh vacation is used to restore the scene when the real people left the European coast in Titanic, distinguishing him from the rest of the film's events. <br /> <br /> Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a real epic. Like most historical novels, we know the end, but it does not take away the wonderful treatment that can be found in this picture. Certain aspects of this film are the material of the academic award, which includes costume, sound, cematematics and editing. If you like interesting characters that give you an insight into the lives of the early 1900s and how they are facing, this movie is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
