In 1997 I remember this year: Clinton prohibits cloning studies, Princess Diana's unhappy death, Marlins won the world series and the woman gave birth to septic tanks. It was also a great year for the release of the biggest ever Titanic movies: the story of a dream ship, a boy and a girl who fell in love, but has fallen between its social class and it. the height of the emotional commitment the ship is facing in a disaster. I don't think anyone could have assumed that Titanic was as big as the movie was, life was bigger and a million fans, 85% of them were teenage girls, 12 years old and of course saw the movie many times. It was a film that made me believe that the shared love of Jack and Rose was so real and beautiful. At that time, I felt that Titanic couldn't do anything wrong, of course I grew up and didn't watch the movie because I was 14 years old, I saw a movie 5.99 a few years ago and thought it was a good price to see what I was I was thinking about the movie. Was it a worthwhile leap? Was it really the best movie all the time? Was it Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know it's silly to say, but I watched the movie again. Being absolutely honest, Titanic is a great movie, the best time to film, no, just depends on your good movie idea, but Titanic gave romance, humor, catastrophe, emotion and never let us go on that journey. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the RMS Titanic wreck, looking for necklaces equipped with a precious blue diamond called the heart of the ocean. Failed, they discovered instead a young woman who was lying naked, carrying the heart of the ocean, on the day when the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns from drawing and connects to Lovett to draw her. He and his grandson Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert are visiting Lovett and his skeptical team on the lifeboat. When asked if he knew the location of the necklace, Rose Calvert recalls his memories in Titanic, revealing for the first time that he was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, a 17-year-old superstar, Rose, crossed her brother, Cal Hockley and his mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, who both emphasize the importance of Rose's involvement in Cal, because marriage means destruction. Dewitt-Bukater's debts: If they have an upper class look, Rose and her mother are financially broken. Rose tried to push her and her mother to the pressure of her frustrating marriage and tried to kill her. Before he jumps, the gate and artist Jack Dawson intervene. Jack and Rose are attacking their initial friendship because they thank him for saving his life, and he shares stories about his adventures while traveling and sketching; their bond deepens as they leave the rapport building's strong first-class dinner for a much better collection of Irish dance, music and beer in the third grade. But when Cal's servant tells her about Rose's position, Rose is forbidden to see Jack again. But after she saw that the woman who encouraged her seven-year-old daughter to behave like "the right lady" on the road, Rose can't help her and her mother asking Jack to sketch her naked and wearing only the heart of the ocean, from Cal. After a nice moment with the fun of the first backside, they go to the ship deck. They then feel the ship's deadly collision with the icebergs. After Rose heard the seriousness of the collision, Rose Jack tells them that they should warn their mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal Rose discovers naked drawing and her victim cut, so she frames Jack to steal the heart of the ocean when Lovejoy sits in that Jack's pocket. When he learns that Cal is going to leave Jack, Rose and his mother run away to save him. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. Cal and Jack, though enemies, both want Rose to convince him of the lifeboat. But after realizing that he can't leave Jack, Rose jumps back to the ship and reconnects with Jack in the first-class stairs. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, the lifeboats have gone and the ship finally falls into the Atlantic freezing, taking Jack and Rose down. <br /> <br /> So does Titanic live this leap? I still say it's a great movie to watch, I think there were and still many hateful people who want to throw the movie in the trash for some reason because he had won a ton of prizes and everyone was in love with the movie. But it has great actors, amazing effects, a well-written story and still flawless. Love it or hate it, you have to admit that this movie didn't get much leap just to see Leo's baby face or the amazing ability of Kate, this movie is something special. It's always a special place in my heart, and I can see that I saw this movie 8 times in the theater when it appeared. But all this aside, I recommend this movie, it's great and definitely once a classic down. <br /> <br /> 10/10
