ELEPHANT WALK may not be an example of literature or film, but it is a great entertainment in quasi-melodramatic mode. It is a story of love, both true and illegal, as well as superfluous ambition, dedication and arrogance of personal tyranny. The previous reviewer, John Mankin, has doubts as to why the centerpiece of the film should be the mansion called Elephant Walk, which should have been built by the former owner, the "governor" late Tom River, the source of water for the entire elephant's traditional tea. The lack of this point is essentially to touch the entire center of the film: the human hub. Because his son, played by Peter Finch, was supposed to become his superhuman father's super-image and mystery, it was not unexpected, because his son had grown up in the outer jungle without his mother, where only his father and father's boy-boys "club" as his role models. The idea of ​​the father was that he was a self-esteemed man who loved his character for his own taste and that liking was not just a tea plantation when elephants ruled the land, but also that he would dominate even a big bull in the elephant that led the herd and thus dominated his son and all around him, and so we will join the story after the elephants have banned access to the water body. Who would know that this dry season lasts so long and what elephants would desperate to get water? It's a movie's relationship: what animals get for water; What do people do to gain power or love? Today's Sri Lanka, Ceylon, is a large island on the Indian coast where the plantation is located and one can quickly discover that it is a true landscape, not just Miss Taylor's expense. If it wasn't that exotic location (a large part of the movie was shot in Ceylon) and a great "bungalow" it would have been another potboiler. Here, the atmosphere created as an integral part of time and place must be recognized as it illuminates the prosperity and strength of English immigrants on the last day, which were an integral part of the British district. It is only the wealth that is derived from the use of virtual slave labor that could build an excellent ebony, teak and marble residence. It is not forgotten that the beautiful carved Jale (grates and door borders) are obviously appointed by artistic directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira, and are obviously made with a cheaper workforce on the island. This finish shows careful attention to the details that these men were looking for. <br /> <br /> For those who are immune to the horror of time, place, and architecture, there is always the temptation of Miss Taylor because she marries a husband, does not really know, and another person by default enthralles the background described and the dead man's heritage under general tyranny . As I said, it is not a great literature or even a big movie, but it is a great example long before this concept has been destroyed by extravaganza of today's special effects. <br /> <br /> This is one of the films made on the giant screen of an external lane, not on a home TV, so arrange the biggest screen to see the work and scope of this fine camera.
