Scott Bartlett's 'OffOn' is nine minutes of pure madness. It is a full frontal attack of psychedelic, pulsating, epileptic flashing lights and colors, and the first true merger of film and video in the avante-garde cinema. Not a story to talk about, but Bartlett uses pictures of nature? especially human face and form? to create emotional responses by integrating these biological phenomena into a highly industrialized form of modern technology. In some ways, the film is the association of mankind with his tools, his machines, technology. This theme unites Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) 'HAL9000 sub-block loosely, and indeed Bartlett's opening sequence of images? flashing colors before the eye of the near future? recalls Dave Bowman's journey through the Stargate. Visual images are rich in color, sharp, vivid photography, and ever sharper video as we sit too close to the TV screen (in fact, the end product is stored on the TV screen). <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion about the release date. IMDb lists the film as a 1972 edition, but both the national film register and the national film preservation fund give the right year 1968. Perhaps this difference reflects the time between the completion of the film and the first public screening. In both cases, the visual images are clearly ahead of their time, sometimes they resemble the music video of the 1980s and some brilliant techno-music would not have gone wrong! OffOn saves grains, fragmented images, displaying too much information from the curved perspective of the processing computer. I had a thought? and please do not laugh at this free-thinking interpretation? that extraterrestrial civilization, which hits the Earth's television signals, can very well receive such inseparable alien documentation of human life, which is an odd assembly of only vaguely familiar images that may not have any unified meaning. Perhaps the place where humanity, with all its technology, eventually leads to the irreversible merger of film and video, purity and artificiality.
