Director Govind Nihalani is a firm policeman in Indian cinema. It may be the first to represent the real reality of corruption in the police and politics without hindering it and how it affects the young police. A man who was forced to step into his police career to his police officer. It was agreed that we grew up to watch a lot of good police officers / bad cop Hindi movies, but it's different. Today's generation, which has grown from the perspective of dark and realistic films such as "Satya", "Company", can be considered a worse product than the time it was made. The film was made in a completely amazing time, when people did not pay much attention to this type of cinema, but it will be the most desirable cop in the classroom and mass release. For Om Puri, his first breakthrough in mainstream cinema in Hindi, he gave Velankar as a class event inspector. It is more than the character of the police, he internalized a lot, which is something original. See your scenes with your father, whom he hates and loves. Smita Patil retained its character to the expected level of dignity. My God, what his natural expressions he wore !!! Shafi Inamdar was really a discovery for me and he is a brilliant character actor when given the opportunity and here in some scenes where he was even Om. The film is also a debut on a promising cable on the Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar as "Rama Shetty". This is another story that he did not get such a carnal role and almost forgot the Dharmendra B-class action film today as a loud criminal. Watch the scene where Om 1st time turns into his father's rebellion (played by Amrish Puri) and next, they share the wine together. How the inner truth began to expose both the character that faced each other with love and hatred. The two sides of Indian police-masculinity and impotence, and the intermediate truth (ardh satya)? Knit to Nihalan's touch. The film won 2 national awards for Best Film and Best Actor - Puri & 3 Film Festival Best Film, Best Directors and Best Supporters. <br /> <br /> Recommended for anyone interested in nostalgia for serious Hindi movies. <br /> <br /> Ratings - 8/10
