Shinjuku Triad Society, though perfect, is a harshly convincing film of what he is trying to portray in his normal world. This is a yakuza / trio image that includes police officers and Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, as the title suggests), but already in his first technical debut, Takashi Miike already has many aspects of the movies he is doing Social issues such as trading in precious metals, in this case, human organs are usually from children; nostalgia with childhood and roots, which was especially common in dead or alive 2; jumping nose in taboos such as gay sex and (satirical) rape against women; blood-exhausting violence. This is certainly not as surreal as some of Miike's latest movies, but it is to be expected when he tries things he is just starting to learn by following a direct video programmer. It has all these qualities and it is just like the movies that result from it, the same dramatic and affectionate, crazy (patches) and sardonic, in its drama, and its definite genres. <br /> <br /> The story is related to two brothers, one Chinese-grown orphan in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, pretty decent as Eastwood hero / hero), who has become a detective and another who has become a gangster or - . The main arc of a likely takeover gang comes from Wang (a solid lace that the gang represents during his free time played by Tomorowo Taguchi as his usual fear in his eyes) and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who even threatens to repeat the commandment of a woman who was just connected to their eyes after sour trading) who is disgraceful to appear almost organically in Miike's movie. With gangsters, some intrigues are involved in the organ trading system, which Kiriya almost becomes a victim of and a gang friend favors at least one little doll who does all the main gangsters want. It all brings revenge and redemption, the qualities that Miike and his writer are trying to emulate from Shakespeare (so Macbeth is a bit with Wang, where his bloody hangs after saying some gay sex, "it doesn't come off"). <br /> <br /> If this does not bring about the same emotional effect that a great Shakespeare game would have, it is the same for such a film course. The goals of Miike have been met, although you have just met, with its small scale ambition: a gangster image with some extra levels of harsh family problems (the main tension between the brothers is out of professional and parental responsibility), takes note of the more cruel aspects of underworld crime and what both sexes do not represent sexually, brings characters psychologically. At the same time, Shinjuku Triad Society also includes more than a few moments of classic black comedy from Miike's work. Part of it just needs to be taken with salt cereals, which the director does in his outrage, as in the beginning, when the chair is struck by the face, or the "interrogation" of randomness when it goes into a very twisted area. A young sex slave is even ridiculous, after completing one boss's action: "Thank you, Mr Weeny-Burger." Miike and his writer are not enough to make the film perfect for dark comedy, such as Ichi or, of course, Visitor Q, but it is enough to bring the story and characters into darker aspects. With the first entry of the "Black Society" trilogy, as it is called, I was quite impressed and it is a fine quasi-speech card from one of the most daring artists of today's cinema.
