A man and his wife get into a terrible car accident. When a woman is in a permanent vegetative state, the man must choose to pull the plug and the residence permit. The decision is even more difficult if he realizes that his ghost wants to get revenge on him and his wife. <br /> <br /> It comes to us from director Rob Schmidt, who made a "wrong turn" (I have a movie) not seen). With just one horror movie that was under his belt and not very infamous, I was a bit reluctant to see this episode, waiting for Schmidt to be the "Master of Horror" only in the most liberal sense. I apologize to her for being undervalued. Like the episode of the 10th 13 episode season, it was actually the best. <br /> <br /> The "Killing Right" issue is being dealt with and covered in sufficient detail to be a solid plot device. But this is only the basis on which the story revolves. When horror elements appear, the film goes from "decent" to "remarkable". Great operation, big plot, big dialogue, great relationship. I was from time to time (which is good) and most importantly - the most: it is extreme abundance! I read an overview of this episode before looking at where the reviewer said there was a strong Hellraiser hint. Through the first part of the exhibition I had no idea what they were talking about. Then there is a bit later when some pictures remind me of "Hellraiser 2". But I don't want to say that it takes away from the movie. I see no other way to create the created effect, and I think it looks much better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some plot jerks will appear later and may invite the viewer to give the film a second look. I did not look at it for the second time, but I think it would make more sense if I had (not that it was confusing). The dental hygienist sub-block is also great, and I found myself back and forth whether I didn't want her main relationship with her or when I felt bad about her. He's a somewhat hero of the whole story when you want it. I feel like I want him to be a protagonist, but he is completely unreliable. <br /> <br /> Although Stuart Gordon's episode may be better and I'm glad about the Washingtonian episode, I think I can make a strong contribution to this season's main episode and far from being economical and routine. If legends, like John Carpenter, let me down again, I'll worry a little about the future of the genre, but then there will be a fresh face like Rob Schmidt and give me hope. It's a keeper and we ask Schmidt for the 3rd season!
