The Stargate SG-1 follows and expands the Egyptian mythology presented in the Stargate. In the universe of the Stargate, the Goa'uld, like Ra and Apophis, were enslaved and transported to humans as living planets. After millennia, the Goa'uld gathered humanity by influencing and spreading human cultures. As a result, there are earth cultures such as the known galaxies of the Aztec, Mayan, British, Norwegian, Mongolian, Greek and Romantic galaxies. Many well-known mythical places, such as Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis, are found or existed at once. <br /> <br /> Today there is a Earth Stargate (found in a digging site near Giza in 1928). a secret US military base called the SGC (Stargate Command) on Mount Cheyenne. Colonel Jack O'Neill (Anderson), dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Captain Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (Judge) form the original SG-1 team (some characters to join and / or leave the team) in later seasons). Together with 24 other SG teams, they are catching the distant planets exploring the galaxy and seeking defenses from the Goa'uld, friendly advanced technologies and alliances. <br /> <br /> Parasitic Goa'uld use advanced technology to throw yourself at the Egyptian gods and be bent on conquering the galaxy and eternal worship. Throughout the first eight seasons, the Goa'uld are the major antagonists. They are a race of highly intelligent, merciless snake-alien species that are able to invade and control the bodies of other species, including humans. The original enemy of this competition was System Lord Apophis (Peter Williams). Other system masters, such as Baal and Anubis, play an important role in later seasons. In the ninth season, a new villain, Ori. An Orient is an advanced creature with another galaxy-impervious technology, which is also bent against the conquest of the galaxy and the eternal worship. The introduction of Orii is accompanied by deviation from Egyptian mythology, focusing on the study of Ori, their followers and their enemies, the ancient Arthur mythology.
