Horror Masters: The right to die begins in the late evening when the Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) drive home, but speaking Cliff is upset and runs across a road that has fallen over the road. Cliff's airbag works well and he walks in small injuries, unfortunately for Abby, and he got like toast when he was thrown away from the car and used gasoline that burned his entire body. Abby's life is just saved. She is taken to a hospital where she lives in support of severely injured and terribly injured burns. Cliff decides he should die, his selfish lawyer Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks they should let Abby die, sue the car manufacturer and get rich when Abby's mother Pam (Linda Sorenson) wants to blame Cliff for spoil and save Abby. But Abby also has other plans ... <br /> <br /> This American Canadian collaborative project was led by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror film was previously Vale Turn (2003), which at first had barely qualified him to lead Horror episode masters) & was the 9th Season Season 2 Season Season Episode, while I didn't think the right to die was the best horror masters I've seen. I thought it was enough effort all the same and still not nearly as bad as Screwfly solution (2006). The John Esposito script is a pure central idea that is not new, but uses it efficiently, even though I would say it is a bit uneven, in the first 15 minutes it focuses on the horror of the story, but then goes to 20 odd minutes if it becomes a drama when the legal vengeance between Abby's life and the thing Cliff takes center stage before she gets again a delightfully passionate and twisted peak that may not have a weak heart. The characters are a little clichés, a weak man, a bent lawyer, a defensive mother, and a young cake who have sex to get what he wants, but everyone serves their purpose well, dialogue is OK, the story moves at a nice pace and general I liked the right one leave for a minute here and where it loses its focus a bit and I was not so eager about the ambiguous end. <br /> <br /> Director Schmidt does a good job and there are some effective scenes that alternate between alternating low-horror atmosphere and out-of-the-blood & gore. There are some fantastic special make-up effects, as usual, there are Abby shots where she has burned all her skin from her body and her tied head image with her teeth because she has no lips that are pretty big from the left (images & makeup effects) , which reminded me of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) and its successors), there is at the end a main dish, where Cliff's skin is literally filled with scalpels that slit the skin and peeling off the muscle and cooling box. Very messy. There are also different body parts. There is also nudity where there are at least a couple of beautiful women naked ... Technically, the right to die is great, special effects are great and like most horror episodes does not look like a cheap TV show, which is basically telling the truth. Action was good, but it doesn't have big names. <br /> <br /> The right to die is another enjoyable and somewhat twisted Masters of Horror episode that most horror fans should definitely review if not just the terrible skinning scene! It's worth looking at ... for those who have a belly.
