I am not quite sure that Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "master" in the horror genre, because he had previously directed one of the fears of "Vale in turn" and it was actually just above average, but the fact is that he made "The Right to Die" one of the best and tougher episodes throughout the "Horror" masters season throughout the season. At the same time, the season was a similar story when William Malone made the best episodes of "The Fair Haired Child", although his other long feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" wonders quite badly. br /> <br /> The "Right to die" story wisely chooses the hot social discussions of today's pipes on euthanasia, but fortunately there are also many old-fashioned horrors such as ghostly vengeance, murderous conspiracies, black humor of the darkness and comic book-style violence. If you drive home late at night and discuss the spouse's constant adultery, the Addison couple will be involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff walks away from the wreck, but his wife Abby is completely burned and needs to be kept artificially. While Cliff and his lousy lawyer (Corbin Bernsen "dentist") want to connect the socket and complain to the car builder, Abbey creates a huge media campaign that keeps her daughter alive as a vegetable and blames everything at Cliff. At the same time, Abbey's hateful spirit comes back to revenge and kills someone around Cliff when he has almost a deadly medical experience with medical devices. After some casualties, Cliff realizes that she can safely keep her wife alive if she wants to stay alive. "The Right to Die" is an amazing episode and exactly the type of things I always hoped for from a TV series concept like "Horror Masters". It is a violent and nervous sick and twisted with a sense of humor and crust with sleaze sequences. The euthanasia theme and the surrounding mandatory media circus are processed very well into the script, but without unnecessarily turning to political positions or morals. The atmosphere is tense and deadly sequences are inappropriately disgusting and undisturbed. Actors Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney have both a beautiful face and an impressive vigorous shelf, which is always a welcome plus, and Corbin Bernsen is finally offered the opportunity to portray an average enthusiasm and ego center. Great "MoH" episode; certainly both seasons.
