It is amazing that a good, but not wonderful, film made in the early nineties can grow the entire franchise. "Stargate; SG1" is undoubtedly a valuable scientific literary genre and has the right to stop the shoulder-shoulder with "Star Trek" as sci-fi kings. <br /> <br /> The 1994 Stargate feature film, "Stargate" (military / research organization), who understands that the Stargate system can be used to drive various planets across the galaxy and beyond, and that the army creates several teams to investigate. SG1 is a team led by military veteran colonel Jack O'Neill, and includes Doctor Archaeologist Daniel Jackson , a military scientist, captain Samantha Carter and an alien Teal'c, who has given his commander the hope of liberating his people in the hope of his commander. The earth is rapidly making up the Goa'uld enemy, the parasite race, who uses people as hosts and thinks they are equal to gods. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect for cynical and sarcastic O'Neill, who can instantly change boy from death to death. Like Daniel, the heart and steel will bring to the will of a character who has grown with dark eyes from darkness and harder to bite when the show is advanced. Amanda Tapping, like Carter, has improved the balance between depicting her character's femininity without being a strong, intelligent military scientist. Christopher's judge is great as Teal'c's alofoof, who is able to imagine the character's emotions of a subtle nature. And Don S Davis is perfect as a respected General Hammond who manages a fair and secure balance. <br /> <br /> Almost all episodes are involved and represent intelligence, reflecting both moral and moral problems. friction between military interests and civilians (often shown through arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). Guest badges are firmly depicted and impact cards are handled in a way that is not borne by the viewers. SG1 also stands out in humor, from O'Neill's wisecracks to episodes that are just clumsy and strange! SG1 has everything from action to drama to romance to death-like scenes. It's not just a great sci-fi show, it's a great show.
