Tim Krabbe is "Het Gouden No", who is a double-screened novel, honored author ("Spoorloos" and "The Vanishing"). One of the latest works by a Dutch writer is "De Grot", a psychological thriller about Egon and Axel, two completely different men, who meet in a youth camp and are surprised to get an expensive life for friends. Egon is a quiet, somewhat dull person who spends his time learning geographic books and writing. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic party-animal, heavy drinking, whose daily concern is to get a woman in her bedroom. From the moment they come into contact, Axel has a strong influence on Egon, while the latter blesses him because he has a good life without actually doing anything (for example, reading thicker books like Egon); Ultimately, Egon himself even pulls into illegal practices leading to deadly drug transport in a distant Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading last year's book, I was surprised that critics were quite positive about it. In my opinion, the book suffers from a particularly complex structure. Although Krabbe presents a rare portfolio of absorbing relationships between two people, the plot becomes more complicated: many episodes are not presented chronologically, so two consecutive scenes are rarely in the same episode. That's why the story looks surprisingly far away: you often need to know the character's background to take care of him. Another complaint was that the main characters Egon and Axel are a bit stereotyped. Egon IS is "dull" intellectual, while Axel is exactly the opposite. In real life, such one-dimensional people rarely exist; In books and movies, they always seem to be there, losing a lot of credibility. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, the film is a pleasant surprise, much better than the book. Adaptation stands out in his beautiful cinematography, humor and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who may forget you are acting (which I think is the highest actor). But the disadvantages of the film are the same as the book: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that it becomes annoying. Guess who wrote the script? Indeed, Krabbe himself. It is obvious that this talented director (what the film still explains) is hampered by an inadequate scenario. Maybe Koolhoven should just choose a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
