RUMORS is a memorable entry in the wartime series of teaching arts, played by "Private Snafu". The films were directed to the military and led, animated and won by some of Warner Brose's top specialists. Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. The priceless price of Mel Blanc gave Snafule a voice, and the stories and rhyming of many films were given by Theodor Geisel, ie Dr. Seuss. The idea was to bring first-hand concepts of humor and vivid images using the Snafu character as a perfect negative example: he was a dope, a tiny tear who would do whatever you shouldn't. Chuck Jones said the Pentagon officials had to approve the scripts, but the army's copper also allowed the animators an extraordinary freedom of tongue and jokes, certainly more than censorship of the time - all of which enabled greater benefits, of course. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, this cartoon represents the damaging power of rumors. The device is an army camp. Private Snafu sits next to the other soldier in Latin (something you don't see in any other Hollywood film of the time) and their random conversation starts rolling the ball. We observe that the bomb attack is misinterpreted, then exaggerated, and it becomes a more and more frightening rumor that sweeps the camp. The images are indeed vivid: the brain of one troubled soldier is depicted as percolation, while the speech of the second fever is steamed as hot air, ie "balloon juice". The soldier "fires his mouth", in the style of cannons, and before you know it really is, he drives in every direction. It's covered with wings. Panicked soldiers say to each other that Brooklyn Bridge is pulverized, Coney Island wiped out, enemy troops have landed on White House lawn and Japanese on California. Visuals are becoming more and more surreal and striking, until finally the camp is quarantined for "Rumor-itis" and Private Snafu is locked into a padded chamber. <br /> <br /> It's a very effective job. The filmmakers dramatized their subject with amazing and amazing energy and the message is still valid. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imaginary) can grow all kinds of natural rumors that spread faster than ever due to the progress of communication. As technology has improved, our private Snafus will be able to deliver its balloon juice through email, mobile phones and blogging. Consequently, RUMORS is a rare example of a war-time course, the important message of which does not at all date; in fact, it can be more timely than ever.
