Seeing this movie for a long time was the fun of the cinema. But I can't tell if it's a good or a bad movie, because such simple qualifications can't be easily applied. All the movies in this picture. It has the characteristics of a romantic comedy, political commentary, thriller, drama, feature film, musical and absurd self-conscious film. It's all there with the addition of the sold. <br /> <br /> The main prerequisite is the Indian couple Nandin (Karishma Kapoor) and Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), who are happily living in Canada who are hurrying to visit India's parents after a worrying news report. The rest of the story takes place in India, where the couple finds themselves in the middle of a plot of fatricidal violence. At one point, the song "Not without a child" is borrowed, but it would be something unfair to name Shakti. The surrounding story speaks of a modest interruption, including Shah Rukh Khani's dream of Aishwarya Rai, which is like another movie. In fact, these two stars are on all posters, but they really appear late in the movie and only Shah Rukh comes to reality. However, it does this with amazing and truly unexpected performance. <br /> <br /> Karishma Kapoor is the one who has the most work in this movie, and works admirably, keeping pace with the turn of the movie and revealing the credible emotions. Another remarkable presence is Nana Patekar, who plays Narsimha, the tyrannical father of Shekhar. Nana Patekar dominates every scene with a terrifying but nuanced character. <br /> <br /> The film is not without its reality. Violence is rampant, but it really disturbs the abuse of most female characters. Sometimes this violence is obviously disturbing, but eventually it becomes surreal, because every dramatic sequence usually follows such comic and remarkable turns that the overall effect is nothing more than a cathartic one. <br /> <br /> I've seen part of Bollywood and mixing genres and incredible plot resolutions is definitely their norm. But "Shakti" lifts the bar by absorbing even larger masala without being ridiculous. It is a film that achieves the greatness of the Shakespeare tragedy, where entertainment is also offered by the rabbi and royalties audience. It's clean, free cinema, and director Krishna Vams must have dreamed of a good time, throwing the tricks of every book. Perhaps the violence that started the violence and the inspiring breadth of mother's love was not my thoughts, but I came to see the "shakti" that was inspired. Making movies can be the most fun in the world!
