A strong woman-oriented theme after a long, directed by Krishna Vams Shakti-Power, a Hollywood-hit Desi version of Not Without My Daughter is the first production by actor Sridev. A story about a woman's struggle against harsh injustice. <br /> <br /> The movie's story revolves around Nandin (Karisma Kapoor), who lives in Canada with his two uncles (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There he meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), loves him and they will get married soon. Their family is ready when Nandin has a boy Raja (Captain Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short-lived because the news of Shekhar's hard-working mother (Deepti Naval) make them their perfect life in Canada and come to India. And then the problems start. From the moment they arrive, India is both shocked to see the pollution and the enormous numbers of people everywhere. They take a crowded train to reach Shekhari village and when they finally arrive at the station, they have to drive a long bus to their village. The dirty sweaty bus with an unstable landscape makes it an endless journey. And unfortunately for them it was crazy to beat Shekhar out of his bus because of his lack of attacks. Fortunately, they will be killed just in time, before they even harm him. They then travel to Havel, where Shekhar's father, Nana Patekar, lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that his father was under the command when he arrived, but his only comfort was warmly welcomed by his mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> There, Nandin lives with his father - tyrannical behavior in the law, and realizes that merciless killing is his way of life. On the day he sees his sister teaches his son to throw a bomb, he loses it and slips him, demanding that Shekhar come back to Canada. But the fear is attacking again when Shekhar is murdered one day, leaving Nandin alone with his son in this strange country where he is bullied by a cruel father. His struggle against this man to save his son is the climax of this emotional heartbreaking film. <br /> <br /> What sets Shakti apart from most of the late films is the film's land. The only drawback is Ismail Darbar's music, which does not appear above the script. The only sustainable arm is sexy Ishq Kameena by Anu Malik. Another comes for the director because he has made his cast extracts. Karisma Kapoor is the film's life and has given a helpless mother with a moving performance. He has definitely won prizes for his heated imaging. Secondly, the actor is Nana Patekar, who is in the bang with this film. His relaxed motifs fit him with the hero, and he has once again proved to be versatile with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is a film surprise package that has a sincere and effective image that stands against other players. Also, Deepti Naval is top-notch and his Prima-peak with Nana is commendable. The Shahrukh bag gives you lighter moments and is definitely drawn to the right value. Although his role was not really needed, he did well. All in all, Shakti is a much better film than most of these days and the Pr-release hype is definitely a good opening. Shakti definitely gets critics and audiences. What if the film has to be cut off with at least two rolls to make the effect better. Shakti is still able to move on!
