The beauty of this film is demonstrated by the great imagination of mother's love, exceptional performance, persistent performance and quite innovative script. The film speaks of Nandin, an Indian woman who lives in Canada with her husband, Shekhar, and her little child, Raja. Suddenly her husband tells her that her family in India (whom she wasn't even aware of) is worried and a couple rushes to India. When they come to the village, Nanadin is shocked and frightened by a very wild culture; The Shekhar family, led by his cruel, cynical and ruthless father, Narasimha, lives with a bad and violent lifestyle, full of murder and terror, and where women are submissive and helpless. Nandini starts to laugh at Shekhar to return home, but he will soon kill his father's enemies. If he wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to withdraw his Raja from India. Here begins an intense fight, which can be called "Nandini vs Narasimha". <br /> <br /> India is not particularly positive in this film, but it only shows a very small minority of its rural areas, which may even be right. The imagination is, in my opinion, fair and not one-sided, because the positive side is also presented. Such terrible vision could be shown in a movie from any country in the world. Locations are amazing, music is wonderful and Krishna Vamsh's direction is supported by highly effective cinema and good editing. One thing to note is that Ismail Darbar has a very nice backdrop, it's beautiful. The characters are very well defined, although we see both their bright and dark sides in different parts of the film. The real-life movie is flowing well and is an interesting and quite fun watch. Its dialogues are excellent and intelligently written, and while the shocking procedure may be very disturbing in some parts, many positive moments can be overcome by tension. <br /> <br /> The greatest strength of the movie is the performance. Karisma Kapoor is breathtaking and very believable as Nandini. His ability to find a balance between vulnerability and unlimited emotion is simply incredible. She shows so much intensity, impulsiveness, agony and determination as her mother, who wants her son to get back, that this little boy seems to be his own son. His outbursts, like those of volcanic eruptions like Nana Patekar, show us how the simplest women can become a tiger as a child. After Fizat it is his most powerful force. One of the biggest actors in Indian cinema has seen, Nana Patekar is indescribable as Narasimha. He succeeds to be nasty because Narasimha is still admirable as an actor who plays him. Patekar shows the complete conviction that it is cruel, terrible and even human. He's outstanding. Another great performance is not surprising India's most underrated actor, Deepti Naval, who sensitizes her character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is just enough and Shahrukh Khan offers great comics. Anyway, look at Shakti - it could have been better, but it is definitely a must-watch.
