Uneven Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is a wonderful Indian woman in Canada, who is married to a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), a child, and then she visits the family in India only to find that they are terrorist warlords. This is the result of drama and tragedy, and the movie becomes a BEAUTY BEAUTY thriller. The film is convincing, its little song / dance numbers are uninteresting and unnecessary, Bollywood's song and dance has really failed in the drama of this movie, at least once we have left the relaxing borders of our love nest? although one of the numbers that accompanied the stunning Aishwarya Rai is enjoyably provocative when it is ultimately misplaced. Similarly, the Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan turns a happy happy pursuer who helps Kapoor escape from the warlord's clutches, which was a very serious drama for a foolish farce, and it only gets back on his feet as his character ?? and his fantasies about Rai that create his dance dance? has been abandoned. His visual comic book dialogue and the foolishness of his fighting scenes diminish the film's main thrilling drama. The lie is nicely supported by Nana Patekar, the warlord, and the elegant Deepti Naval, who is outstanding as her long-term wife, who finally chooses her in one of the best scenes in the film; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good, like Sanjay's sisters in India and a very pleasant eye candy. But Sanjay himself is going to be terrible, especially during the obvious ad-libs. Writer / director Krishna Wams' leadership style is sloppy, rampant with harsh transitions and sharp cuts, although her camera movement is good. The music sub-line is also quite effective, spirited, with a literal female voice of a small orchestral ensemble (too bad if any of them made this SHAKTI audio track on a cd, but Bollywood has not yet found a value, including adding a score with songs on their soundtrack albums, at least not in most cases). But SHAKTI is Karisma Kapoor's film, but her incidence after the movie goes to India is a pretty contrast to the delicate romance she started with Sanjay in the original Canadian scenes. In spite of the great imbalance of the image, the Karisma force sells the film completely and strengthens otherwise controversial measures. In a strange way, I also found a story about another royalties that I noticed with the GOLDEN COURSE and MARIE ANTOINETTE, both of which I saw just before, although SHAKTI is of course a completely different film; but focus on the dysfunctional royal family? is here the poverty-controlled poverty in India rather than Versailles' elegance or the enormous megalomania of the feudal Chinese Tang Dynasty? whose self-serving power-destroying destroys many others and forces each other's uprising to give the film a significant sub-text.
