On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series "Stargate SG-1" was broadcast at Showtime. The 1994 "Stargate" and Kurt Russell and James Spader starring spin-offs and sequences start with the series about a year after the events in the film. Ten seasons crowned it with spectators and SG-1 known adventures and malformations. Originally marked by Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l!"), Michael Shanks as Dr Daniel Jackson, Captain Amanda Tapping as Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge Teal'c and Don S. Davis as. Major General George S. Hammond. For ten long years, we watched a team battle against Goa'uld, replicators, Orii and many other aggressors. At the same time, they created a union between Asgard, Tok'ra, Jaffa, Nox, and Tollan. They saved the world at least eight times over the years and never gave up, not before death. And sometimes not even. <br /> <br /> As with all long series, they were numerous castings. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of the fifth season to widen his horizon as an actor. The successor to Daniel Jackson, who was a team archaeologist / geek, was Jonas Quinn, an alien from a country called Kelowna's Langara planet, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned to the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003 and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately he only made one guest appearance and his character was rarely mentioned. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004 when he felt he had time to go. The original star of the show and allegedly his most popular actor Richard Dean Anderson celebrated his first eight seasons in the series. His participation in the seventh and eighth seasons was significantly lower than in previous seasons. Eventually he left "SG-1" in March 2005 to spend more time with his then six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was my favorite character in the series and really say I didn't enjoy the last two seasons as much as I did earlier episodes for this reason. <br /> <br /> The ninth season was a new era for the program. Due to the departure of his leading actor and the fall of the Goa'uld and reporters' eighth season, many fans felt that the series should go high. Regardless of this, the series took another two years when the Ori replaced the Goa'uld with a series of major opponents. The three new characters were brought to fill the gaps as it was, and to help reinvent it. Ben Browder came as a thin southern air force pilot Colonel Cameron Mitchell, a new SG-1 leader. His "Farscape" co-star, lovely Claudia Black, began to play a prominent role in the series as a lively, sexy, fun and definitely extravagant Vala Mal Doran, a former Goa'uld host and artist from another planet. In the eighth and ninth seasons he was a recurring guest who joined his full-time at the beginning of the tenth and last season. The rounding of the pain was the legendary Beau Bridges Major General Maj Land Hankna, the new commander of SGC and the old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. Over the past two years, they have played "SG-1" as loyal (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping, and Christopher Judge) and became a valuable part of Stargate's franchise and made an equal contribution. <br /> <br /> All good things must end wrong. During the first broadcast of the first ten seasons, ratings dropped significantly, resulting in the cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream finally ended. On March 13, 2007, "With Gods Children" ended with "Unfinished". The Series Finale was premiered by Sky One on the UK and Ireland before it was featured on the US Sci-Fi Channel on June 22, 2007. <br /> <br /> For ten years when the series was switched on, it gathered Legions of fans and even overshadowed the scientific literature series, "Star Trek", in terms of popularity in certain countries. It became the world's second longest sci-fi series, the second only "Doctor Who" (1963-1989) and the longest running American sci-fi series that surpassed "X-Files" only a few months before it ended . <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1" is the cornerstone of the "Stargate" franchise. In 2004, its success and popularity came out of the spin-off series "Stargate Atlantis", which was unfortunately canceled after the fifth season and 100 episodes in August 2008. -DVD movies, "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum", appeared in 2008 and are more planned for the far future. The third live-action series "Stargate Universe" is also the premiere next year. (Unfortunately, the animated series "Stargate Infinity", which only lasted 2002-2003, but the less was said, the better. Despite the end of the "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as a continuing series, the future of "Stargate" really does look very bright. <br /> <br /> Finally, while "Stargate" has not yet reached the same degree for popular recognition as other big sci-fi TV franchises such as "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", it is still relatively new compared to the two sci -i giant and I'm sure it will continue for many years to come.
