When a rich tycoon is killed during an air strike, his spinster twin sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe that she took control of a suicide dive (although spontaneous snuff runs in the family), but her three beautiful daughters do not care less. Pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes), who forces him to help control his legacy sister Lorna (Sara Shane) and family law lawyer (Jess Barker) quickly. . Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna if she does not pull out the progress of another sister, Nymphet Vick (Marla English), but her plans are thrown into tears when Norton drops her prey. All bets are in the nerve world, including chicanery, seductions, suicide, blackmail, plot of murder, Mann Act, double crosses, disfigurement, and poetic justice - hit Craig Manor, a terrible mansion overlooking the sea ... <br /> <br /> This unpleasant potboiler would have made an excellent second feature on WRITTEN ON THE WIND, even since 1956. Douglas Sirki's powerful (and powerfully dysfunctional) oil slick saga was said to have inspired the 1980s TV series DALLAS, but Craig's low-eyed tour of madness seems to be the right sinner sister-soap, DYNASTY. All three siblings (one of whom is really bad) have great beauty, but this is Kathleen Hughes' cartoon that stands out. Valerie in her quest to inherit family happiness and her unlimited enthusiasm for evil is one of the many culprits of the film. Teenage sister Vicki is also a lot of work, recalling Carmen Sternwood's Bigger SLEEP. When they meet for the first time, he pulls an equal effort to sit on Norton's lap when he still stands, coming to him with a line "I finished the amount of cum laude from Embrace's ability to U". Whew! <br /> <br /> THREE SITUATIONS produced by schlockmaster Howard W. Kochi is a terrible trash that is being exploited and B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" in English, 50's John "Create Revenge "Bromfield (never married to French sexpot Corinne Calvet), the universal asterisk Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess" Mr. Susan Hayward "Barker, Kathleen" It came from space "Hughes and former quiet screen star Madge Kennedy gives it all they have - A lot or little. The future Eurotrash star Brett Halsey (apocalypse TRUMPET) is briefly seen as one of Vicki's victims. <br /> <br /> B-Movie rating: 10/10 Marla (and her body English) made great movies! Recently, three big BAD SISTERS part of the Palm Springs movie Noir Festival was seen on the big screen, but the jury still wiped the soap ... hell, it's a noir (5/10 on the meter).
