Most jet pictures are seriously undermined by a serious lack of energy and enthusiasm. Not so brilliantly bent, filthy and berkerky, a Italian shot-in-Canada goat gut-buster: this is a wildly mature and vigorously moral ghastly admiration that reaches into a stunning fairly cooked apotheque "what the hell is going to go?" Reinforced excessive and unhealthy. <br /> <br /> A merchant ship crew discovers a 30-foot yeti body, similar to the 70's disco-hirsute (with jumbo-wavy afro), perfectly preserved on a large ice-cream. They kidnap the beast, hit him with electric charges, treated him terribly badly and kept the poor hairy Goliath in a huge glass cabinet. Before you can say, "Hey, filmmakers are obviously hanging on" King Kong "," our titanium nasty snowman breaks out of his cage, grabs the first lush nubile blonde Euro vixen (gorgeous Pheonix Grant) who puts passionate eyes and storms away from his new lady . Yeti gets recycled and flown to Toronto to show it to a fun audience. Of course, he breaks freely again, pulls the vixen forward, and continues the expected hitchhiking around the city. <br /> <br /> A subtle stupid dialogue (try line: "Philosophy has no place in science, professor"), cheese (distant) special effects (terrible transparent blue screen work and cruddy Tonka toy miniature games are particularly embarrassing for their jaw-fall) terrible), a tricky (wrong) direction and a heavy-handed script that even tries terribly sincere "Is yeti a man or a beast?" All the ethical discussions combine to create one of the most pleasantly ridiculous giant monsters that yearn for their absurd way across the big screen. Better yet, we also have some funky offbeat touches to add a coarse spice to the already fruity schlocky cinematic brew: vixen accidentally brush against one of the yeti nipples that causes it to harden and produce great, leering grin discharge from the abandoned paw (!); vixen breastfeeds a jet-wounded hand when she eyes her eyes, jet breaks the windows with her legs, climbing on a high office building, and a furry man even breaks with her toes (!!). All in all, this unique screw ball and the disgracefully alive camp is a classic high-infectious asynchronous cellulose lunacy monolith, which is extremely worth the serious underground culture.
