Here is another movie that should be downloaded to the satellite, fired into space, and pointing towards the Andromeda galaxy to show the distant possible civilizations to the best of mankind. This movie is so stunningly foolish and honestly revealing that it has been breaking the bad film classic KONG KONG since 1976, not only being able to laugh at the film with idiotic foolishness, but to successfully predict a lot of Peter Jackson's unhappy 2005 computer screen was the same name as the "romance" between the giant (here Yeti) and the proud man's wife (Antonellina Interlenghi from the city of Umberto Lenzi's living being, who has very simple eyes). <br /> <br /> The film was made for children to leave some of the eagles to bounce off the fish bones and strange nipple fingers, you can forget about sex - Yeti is even a gigantic jockey strap to hide your monster package, resulting in even more fun than anatomical correctness. But as a compromise, you will get a tough old scientist, two curious children, Tony Kendall in a rare way, as an unfortunate offender to an offender, a useful intelligent collie dog with his own adventure (Dog Adventure movies were great in Europe for a while) and of course, at the end of the hero Yeti rescue who is a good man, glorious things like front loaders that are decorated like giant monkey hands, a monster who has literally changed from scale to shooting, some terrible deaths that make GODZILLA VS SMOG MONSTER carnivores relatively similar, crowd reactions consisting of a scene composed of either Spanish, Italian or Canadian annexes. say where they shot, how the suits are dressed), and some of the most enthusiastically staged, but inert special effects will ever work in a giant monkey movie. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that won me: it's an enthusiasm for being de. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who brought the world to SARTANA in 1968 and the GUN GUN year before that and was a very important director in the scene of the Western and Action / Adventure Genre movie from 1960s to 1970s and from YETI he was probably glad to got the job. I would say that this is his most adventuresome film, or rather what he most won, and perhaps felt more comfortable with these opportunities for a film directed at children and families. The film has a kind of reckless abandonment that makes technical mistakes or contradictions completely meaningless. Or rather, they are part of the fun, and if the film had been played seriously, he wouldn't have worked - exactly why PETER JACKSON MOVIE RECOMMENDED. <br /> <br /> She forgot the material to have fun and dictate the result by using her foolish Power Macintosh pod-people animators army, and all its bugs + clunkiness, Kramer YETI is actually closer to the spirit why we watch movies that are Partly see the actresses of the monkey boys a little miniature sets in the sound stages, not the uniformly animated steam feeling in the hard disk space. I'll place it there with KING KONG VERSUS GODZ and IT! LARGE GOLEM COURSE is one of the most unlikely giant attacks. Because the film looks so "fake", you can overcome this story and just have fun watching things be destroyed, looted, thrown and crushed. Knowing that and armed with a fruitful, energetic enthusiasm that makes it possible to make a movie, all of Parolin's stops pulled out and offered a perfect adventure that could get a little bit hard for some small barrels, but that's the first movie I'll ever share with my grandparents one day, if their foolish parents leave them with me during the weekend. This is one thing for the era and one of the greatest expressions of humanity that is ever dedicated to celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it's about ten minutes too long, but who cares, you come only once and I'd rather smile on my face.
