I saw it when he first came to the video, my little sister got this gift and I was probably 12 years old ... What stood out for me was that there were not so many movies, if there are so many movies, the main characters they are angry at each other because when it is time to explain themselves, they simply do not say one thing that you call on the screen, which would mean the whole deal, so that the person of every reasonable intellect would know. That's what I like most about the movie, that the main characters don't mean things to each other ... they won't break and make up, they just grow up against each other more than the movie goes on. <br /> <br /> These two kids are composed and, although they seem at first glance, they are not so different. Loui is actually just a middle-aged child who had to understand how happy she was to have a loving family, and Cecelia was a top-class child who just had to prove to her family that she was there and that she would stay away if she had disappeared. Anyway, I saw this movie posted in Hulus and I had to look at it again ... I'm sure the script's holes are in the analysis of the script and no, Woog and Dweeb shouldn't eat the dog because they would have been herbivore. br /> <br /> Now that cuts the film, it's an unexpected fear. Little children under 5 years of age would probably be scared of Sceneseye scenes. And adding it to the side of the movie (though it is obviously obvious in the first scene where it appears) is too steep ... it should be a glimpse that he will make his film earlier in the show, perhaps to show that it is not so scary without dinosaurs. I think this was not a real threat in the first half of the movie, so that it didn't have a little consistency on the other side. <br /> <br /> Taking into account the target audience I am definitely unable to forget about mind-blowing animation and dialogue issues ... I think I'll give them these factors and just the story. This is a big flick for the child and it remains in your mind ... makes you think about how people are treated and should be looked at every 10 years.
