Wow, many comments about Devils Experiment are here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I work with Unearthed Films. We just started distributing Guinea pig movie on DVD in North America. Now, before you ask why I write? Instead, ask why some people do it. I'm writing this review because I love guinea pig movies. Why I love em, it's because they go to the throat and they don't let go. I've seen it all. Almost every horror movie known to man, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from every underground culture to every Hollywood cluster. I've seen it, and over the years, movies with my head are definitely guinea pig films. Why is it because it does not try to hide the reason why we look at horizontal films in the first place. This review is for Devils Experiment. I find that there is no story that is good for me. Why do I watch horror films? So I see blood and brains and torture of people. Not only does Devils Experiment give, but it is all. Pure violence. Yes, I like the story, but sometimes I want gore and Devils Experiment to offer ten times. Why people do it. Because they love the story, so human torture and death are behind the story. It makes you feel better. We all want blood and gore. It is just very difficult to justify it if it is not surrounded by the story. Seafaring films have a historical meaning for them and they have created a final splash when they are released. <br /> <br /> I'm glad to release one of the world's most famous horrors. Maybe I shouldn't have written this review, but then I should once again. My position is a biased reason that freed them, but it is not again. I've always told people they find them and before they started Unearthed Films. Of course, it is exploitative and up, but we don't see it because we're watching horror movies in 1st place. Devils Experiment is not for everyone. It's just for exciting seekers and gorehounds. If you think Jason's movies and Freddy Krueger's films are fantastic, stay with them. But if your next level and you've seen it, Devils Experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for more than 17 years. They are wrong, nasty and down right and nothing to look at with their mother when she's not completely cool. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.
