David Mamet wrote a scenario and made his debut with "House of Games", a psychological surprise-filled study in which a psychiatrist is lured into the dark world of trust. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) is a successful practitioner and has written the best selling novel Driven. Yet he is somewhat satisfied with his personal life; there is emptiness that it cannot define or solve, and it highlights its vulnerability. If a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), trusts him in a session that he has some money for some players, and that they kill him if he doesn't pay, he decides to intervene on his behalf. It takes him to the "House of Games", a tiny dive where he meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic con-man who doesn't waste time before he attracts his world. Instead of "Twenty-Five", which Billy claimed to owe, Mike shows his book and turns out to be eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to sweep the slate clean if he agrees to give him one simple advantage, which includes the card game he is playing in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike leaves for a few minutes; When he is lost, his task is to look at another player "speaks". By that time, not only Margaret, but also the audience. Dialogue and Mamet's unique style and the exact cadence with which his actors bring their rows are amazing. As Mike leads Margaret through his powerful, surreal world of existence, and introduces him to the complexity of the games, we swear with him. From this first memorable meeting, when she shows what is "to say" and how it works, from "short" lessons to the stunning peak of this film, Mamet keeps the momentum that is relentless. And nothing feels like. Finally, Margaret learns some hard lessons about life and human history and about herself. He changes; and whether it is better, it is open to speculation. Mantegna is completely riveting in this movie; he gives every possible nuance a complicated character who must be able to bring you into the shadows and do it. Crouse also makes excellent performance here; You feel that this calm, confident look is tough, full of tension, and when his experience with Mike causes him to change, he feels how deep it has penetrated. He makes you believe that he is able to do what he does and makes you understand. Dynamic support includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (dr Littauer), J.T. Walsh (businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). "Gaming House" is the main Mamet; he has written and directed a number of highly qualified stories and films and is undoubtedly more grace to us in the future. But this film is what defines him; and you can go to the dictionary and look up it. You will find it under "Perfection". This is one big movie you don't want to miss. I appreciate this one 10/10.
