Jim Carrey is back with much of the same role he played in The Mask, a terrible man trying to walk the world, but who seems to be bad luck. Even if he tries to help a homeless man to tempt homosexuals (and of course they must be Mexican, obviously), his good will is behind his companions. In this case, it was not too difficult to predict that he had a handful of angry slaves, but I like the film to show that such things should not be ignored. I am reminded of Michael Moore's brilliant The Awful Truth episode when he had a man who put down the sidewalk and pretended he was dead and seeing who was actually stopping and making sure he was fine. The results were not very promising, so it's nice to see someone in a good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey plays a part of the aforementioned handsome man Bruce Nolan, whose entire life is falling. Or even better, it seems to be breaking down the blows of bad luck like an asteroid that enters the atmosphere (a small metaphor that comes up when Bruce gorgeously finds the film later in a gigantic news story). Bruce is almost 40 years old and all he has to show is a news reporter who reports on such exciting news as a local baker trying to bake the world's biggest cookie. He is desperate to get the main victim's job from the TV station, but he loses on his cool television when he hears the job went to his rival colleague. You have to love how they schedule this news to appear to him a second before their first live report. Needless to say, he loses his living television mindset in one of the most funny scenes in the movie. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman offers great results as a person himself, showing God whose infinite wisdom is somewhat reflected through the great talent of Freeman. He is such a god who takes his work very seriously, but in such a way as to advise his followers (as well as the viewers of this film) that there are times when you need to slow down and do some manual work in life. I love his line that some of the world's happiest people come at the end of the end of the high sky. There are a lot of people in the world (maybe more than our part in America) who are absorbed by their money and assets and their jobs, and everything they totally lost with their natural side. One of the greatest strengths is that the film can generally provide people with general advice on improving their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the viewer's religion. For example, I tend to reject organized religion in every form, and I see God and Satan as metaphors of different aspects of nature and human psychology rather than actual numbers who ever lived or live. But despite the fact that I do not believe that God exists under the supervision of the universe, or when a caretaker dressed in white, who mops the floors of his downtown office during his free time, I realized that these messages were sent to Jim Carrey's films showing this fantastic development , which binds them all together and makes the newer ones even better because you can see how far it has come. When you compare Bruce Almighty's films like Ace Ventura (whom I loved, by the way) or the many things he did before the movie came out, it's amazing how far he's come. She has moved from cheesy TV comedy to cheesy comedic for comedies that are truly intelligent and meaningful, like this movie, like others like Truman Show, Man on the Moon, and The Majestic (one of her biggest films). Jim Carrey has moved unmistakably from his past cheerful comedy to become one of the most important comic artist working today. <br /> <br /> Jennifer Aniston once again provides a great addition to the film (as she did on the side office space) like Bruce's girlfriend, who is getting more and more annoyed by Bruce's growing stress on her life and her neglect to marry her getting married. The film certainly has a small, low-angle comedy that doesn't really fit in with the meaning or delivery quality of a movie, such as a dog reading a newspaper in the toilet and a whole monkey picture, but it was definitely nice to see Ace Ventura's friend Spike make a look. As Stephen King knows very well, it's nice to see familiar characters. It's almost like seeing the family again. <br /> <br /> Bruce has the authority of God for a certain time to better understand life, and he speaks a lot about himself when he uses powers only for his own purposes, not to help all the people who pray for him . What I love is that, as I said earlier, religion is away from my life, but I could also look at it and learn from myself, thinking what I would have done if I had had such authority. With the help of the film, we can learn this way, which gives more information to the message. <br /> <br /> Scenes containing a news station are all the more fun of the movie, such as the scene where Bruce loses his mood on the anchor position, the scene of Jimmy Hoffa (who was comfortably buried with his original birth certificate and full dental record), a scene where Bruce The rival's colleague is made to the nuts of the cameras, and my favorites, the ones that are the beginning and end of local bakery baking. The film has enough time for Carrey to offer great jokes, for example, when he tells God (who shows he is a janitor, an electrician, etc.) that his Christmas party must be a real bass and be careful about drinking because he might need to go home ! I also loved the end when he says there is a woman behind every big man who is driving his eyes. Slightly too true, and as Gallagher adds, every big man is also surprised by his mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies that has come out for some time, and is probably the only direct religion I remember that I am interested in buying from DVD to add to my personal collection. It is a comedy that has been written and tasted good, but has a humor with relatively low humor to make children entertained. This is a meaningful comedy for the whole family, which is becoming less frequent and rarer these days. In a world that has exploded with another American Pie film and another Scary Movie (which is just frightening thanks to its barbaric idiot), it's nice to see that there are still people who are worth watching comedies. Don't miss it.
