This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone, which actually contains interesting ideas and smart stories (I note that both are based on short stories). The "Exam Day" is set for the future, unknown for the year, but at the point where they have candles that illuminate themselves, large television-looking "phones" that doubles the number of other entertaining machines and are only distributed at a certain age. and Exam Day, the point where 12 year olds must pass the government-required IQ test. Boy is this story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) celebrates his 12th birthday and is a smart child, so it's peaceful, even eager to try that friends have just seen and knows that he is staring at his school classes. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, say that he should not have used his birthday wish to get a good result, and although they are due to believe that he is capable and should not worry, it is quite obvious they are worried. I'm not giving anything at the end, but I say this - there's a point where we get a glimpse of what's going to be so difficult for this test: this evening (or another?) His parents ask Dickie if he'd like watch all night on TV. According to today's standards, we would be happy to say that he would have read rather than just because something is not worth watching ... but why would his family ask? The taste that will be encouraged and encouraged in the future reminded me of some atmosphere from Harrison Bergenon (which I hear hasn't got a big adjustment for the screen). I just want them to have an opening and closing story to make this topic as strong as an old man. I found it better than the short story on which it is based. I haven't read that "charity message" was based, but wants it to be interesting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill), feels feverish from water that has always been common in his home town of Massachusetts ... but she is able to see Charity Payne (Kerry Noonann) in the eyes of a young puritan woman with the same type of fever, who also finds she can experience what is happening around her. They both recover, especially since it is common for it to happen in 1985, but the community will not disappear. Charity is curious about the sights and sounds recorded in 1985, each of which enjoys the company of one another, especially Peter, who has raised many at school enough to be isolated from other students, even in a college where he was in one place. However, things take an unexpected turn, when charity shows some of those experiences to a friend who asserts that 13 colonies are breaking the mark from England, adding that he was killed by fever (not so common in 1700). Two are trying to learn how to save him. The end is sad, but it has an interesting final moment that makes it touching. Both segments of this episode contain a lot of pain, but both times, which seem to have been steamed and entertained by Rod Sterling, would be a joyful look at reminders that friendship, love, and wisdom do much. This is probably not about 3/4, but I think it would be approved by the Sterling team.
