Given the title, this first QUARTET follow-up (1948) obviously reduces W. Somerset's Maugham stories that contain the film. The author still appears to introduce episodes, but this time there is no epilogue; by the way, while the original compendium script gave R.C. The Sheriff, Maugham here, gave himself a hand to adjust, as well as Noel Langley (although it is unclear whether they contributed to one segment or worked together). As expected, a large part of the QUARTET team has been retained for the second installment - although it also extends to at least three majority members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the last two were a bit of an episode of QUARTET's "Colonel Girl"). Although TRIO is ultimately less than its predecessor (a third story that takes more than half of the time, is a little unbalanced), it is still being done with extreme caution, acting like a starfighter, and "Verger" speaks about the sexton of the church (James Hayter) - whose story there is another word - who, after 17 years of service, fired a new parish priest (Michael Hordern) just because he is illiterate. Instead of resting on his laurels, he not only takes his wife (his owner, Kathleen Harrison plays), despite his age, but opens a tobacco shop that is strategically placed on a long road border where no such service is offered - and flourishing with business; it becomes a whole chain. The last scene sees him visiting the bank manager Felix Aylmer, who is not only surprised at Hayter's lack of education, but is asked to ask him what his other interests were - to which a wealthy (and respectful) tobacco trader corresponds to some kind of irony that he was called a verger! <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Mr. Know-All", is the shortest, but perhaps also the most interesting: the sea voyage is a completely astonishing young man (Nigel Patrick), a British reckless presence, despite his foreign-speaking Kelada, who feels authority on practically any subject under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are two passengers who have to shut him up the most - the last one because he has a man and a former cockpit, bearing in mind Patrick's attention to his real wife (Anne Crawford). However, during an entertaining party, travelers will decide to set their "revenge" on Kelada if one of them embodies it (something that he naturally does not understand)! yet, it is here that he spends showing his character - said Crawford that the necklace he is wearing is an imitation, Wayne challenges Patrick's name for the price ... but he realizes that this is a genuine article and that it compromise on Crawford's position when he says so, so Kelada promises to ridicule herself rather than reveal the fact that she probably has a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As can be deduced from the title, the Sanatorium deals with many patients in such a place - led by Andre 'Morell; the main character is a new practitioner, Roland Culver, who follows different events. In fact, the narrative especially highlights three separate plots - one humorous (the "witch" between the two obsolete scots, played by the sanatorium played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), one melodramatic (uncertain relationship between a satisfied patient) Raymond Huntley and a long but committed wife Betty Ann Davies) and one bittersweet (naive but charming romance by Jean Simmons and Michael Rennie, despite Morell's diagnosis of Simmons as a "lifeguard", while Rennie has only a few years left to him ).
