After producing QUARTET, TRIO continued the quality of earlier film versions of Maugham's short stories. Here are the three stories THE VERGER, MR. KNOWLEDGE-ALL AND SANITORY. The first two are comics (VERGER is like a long-term joke but with good profitability) and the latter is more serious (when it comes to health issues). Again, the author introduces film and stories. <br /> <br /> James Hayter, soon to be signed by Samuel Pickwick, is the hero of THE VERGER. He keeps this little job of freedom in the church, but the new Vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears Hayter has no training, he's in the fire. Hayter has saved money so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that she is buying a small news and tobacco store. He has a good eye and his shop is booming. Soon he will have a whole store. When his grandchild is baptized from Hordern, the latter is surprised at how good his former Verger is. Profitability is when Banks Manager Felix Aylmer meets Hayter about diversifying his investments. I'll leave it to you to listen to the unintentional but ironic code of the meeting. <br /> <br /> According to Maugham, he met passengers like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick). In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a splashy, friendly and slightly overflowing type from the Middle East that is on a business trip (jewelery) with a steamer. His state companion is Mr. Gray (quite quiet and the right Wilfred Hyde-White), somewhat, quietly against Max. Max likes to revive things and will soon participate in ship entertainment. Here, the story actually resembles the non-Maugham story and the part of CHINA SEAS (1935), because Max makes a prediction that he can make real jewelry a fake (after he claimed jewelry he noticed it was real). I don't describe how Max is going to the event. <br /> <br /> SANITORIA is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (Maugham's fiction-ego writer and one-time spy like Hitchcock's SECRET AGENT). Here, for health, he must use a sanatorium for a few months. He finds a significant number of people, including Jean Simmons, who is a weak but beautiful young woman, Finlay Currie as a buggy Scotsman, John Laurie as the second buggy Scotsman who is "war" with Curri, Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient. shows her inner anger in her situation when her wife appears, and Michael Rennie as a young man with a serious life-threatening illness. Culver observes that these characters include three stories among these stories. The latter, which deals with Simmons and Rennie, is ironic but deeply moving. <br /> <br /> This was a follow-up to the previous QUARTET dandy and is worth a look.
