This review includes a spoiler for those who aren't aware of the true story details on which this movie is based. <br /> <br /> The right to assume that "innocent until guilty" is a fundamental right of everyone. civilized society; but according to Fred Schepis' partisan, but unfortunately a convincing story of the famous Australian murder trial, it was not given to Lindy Chamberlain, who was accused of killing his child. The story that refers to his innocence was unlikely (supposedly forced), but those that referred to his guilt even more and had no solid evidence against him. However, the Australian public was disproved by his guilt and deeply religious Chamberlains appeared horribly appearing in the media (and of course the media themselves were innocent in the process). So, although they had been solved during the initial inquiry, they were later convicted and convicted. Although Chamberlain was finally released, it was disgracefully followed only to discover new evidence that "proves" their innocence that no accused should bring. <br /> <br /> "A Cry in the Dark" works well, especially Meryl Streep, who puts a persuasive Australian accent (at least next to Pom) and directs Lindy's sympathy (to us) while conveying how she managed to become national hate. The scenes in which he is actually imprisoned are simple, but heartbreaking, because we believe in characters in characters. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of depicting this story (something that I can't comment on), this broader topic of the movie tells everyone who knows British popular journalism and its ruthless habit of turning directly to their readers into the least charitable instincts. No legal system is ever perfect; but the current appeal against asylum seekers in modern British tabloids comes from exactly the same evil as the voices that put Lindy Chamberlain away. I'm not a religious person, but there are still some killers in the Bible (if you apologize for it). "Don't be frightened that you don't understand" is one of them.
