I found it difficult for anyone to like this movie. The central characters, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears at night in the back of Australia, are not bad people, but certainly not all or even most of the people we see in the film are bad when we knew them better. But while we are so confident that the film wants us to be Chamberlains guilty or innocent from the tragic confusion of their lives, the film takes a more or less sociological perspective related to rumors, media, crowds, mobs. and assumptions. It is not a film especially from a degenerate society in Australia; this is just one real story that happened there. Society is massively less developed when individuals feel we are. <br /> <br /> When the caregiver requires all the wild dogs that have been accidentally killed, all Aboriginal dogs will die. life is more in control of most magazines, newspapers and TV shows, distorting the tragic truth to a drama level that provokes its consumers crazy, there is no sign of empathy or even any appearance beyond its unknown perception of the left and right of their powerful hearings and vibes . The reason I appreciate the film is that it turns the focus out of the victims to the masses. <br /> <br /> The evidence against Lindy Chamberlain ignored the fact that they were mostly incited by her. In the eyes of the public, it didn't seem to be exhausted because of the death of her child's daughter. Why could he cool him, even some freedom, not to mention his head, TV and the press? How much of a downward spiral could have been prevented if he had behaved more pleasantly in the public media? Meryl Streep, one if not the biggest actor who works today, may not be giving a special show and, frankly, no other actor or filmmaker is involved. But she and the scriptwriters understand Lind. What is frightening is that it is not that difficult. Obviously, he obviously had no tendency to show the public emotionally. Regardless of whether it is readily accessible in an attractive way, we naturally tend to express compassion for our situation. <br /> <br /> Whether his performance is just as delightful as Sophie's choice, the devil carries Prada, the Angels in America, or other such work, is the triumph. It is hard to enrapture your audience if you deliberately deny your knowledge of yourself. He discourages us because we don't know what he thinks or feels. It took me some time to feel it, but this is a way for the film to suggest public attention. <br /> <br /> She is married to a pastor, and they both practice a religion that is a minor minority and hence most misinterpreted. Initially, they respond to their disappearance, as if they had agreed with God's will, starting with a rumor that creates the idea that their daughter's death was a sort of ritual killing. Whatever happened to the girl, her parents were part of the margin with whom most of the media did not detect consumption immediately, so the first tendency was to go after them like a hungry pack ... well ... <br /> <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill is constantly on the screen, but the Australian public plays real wires here. Like every previous punctuation mark on the plot, director Fred Schepisi cuts from the restaurant to the tennis court for dinner in the salon office, where the public tries to try Lindy and goes into his own passionate predictions. <br /> <br /> -Globus docudrama is not very memorable. The setting atmosphere does not provide satisfactory compensation for the fact that the facets of productivity or production do not differ. But it is very successful when the public's collective awareness is accused.
