I've seen this movie several times and have been watching it today (TCM) only because of Geraldine Fitzgerald. He is a much undervalued actor and I have to admit that I have been impressed with him since I first saw him (probably "Wuthering Heights" 40 or more years ago). But the real star of this movie is Paul Lukas, and he deserves all the awards he got. He makes it clear whether we like it or not, that the end justifies the means. Nazism had to be stopped and everything that helped to do it was good. He gave his children a series of bad things and they should not be bad, but as he said earlier with adults, he does not hesitate to do so. Lukas gave an excellent picture of the person caught in this situation and made it clear that what he did was very difficult to do. Some people think his victim was Nazi, but I don't think he was just money. His Nazi affiliates knew this and therefore they did not benefit much. <br /> <br /> One interesting point in the movie and probably in the game is that Muller (Lucas) is a German language. While World War II did not repeat the anti-German hysteria of World War I, there were remarkable anti-German sentiments, and some Germans were similar to Japanese ancestors, such as California. At that time, Hellman had the courage to write good Germans from the games (perhaps he thought they were signatories to the Nazi-Soviet Pact!). After all, the US and British Air Force bombed German cities and failed to kill innocent civilians. However, I think Dresden's bombing and fire happened later, after "Watch on the Rhine" appeared. <br /> <br /> The title is something to play with words, as "watch" looks west, from Germany. In fact, the Watch am Rhein was a German military song used in World War II, but the Nazis also had their own Marshal song, which was also used. But Muller is German and he is working on his "Wach am Rhein". <br /> <br /> All other participants did a great job here; although Bodo was too much, there are such children. I'm surprised he didn't give his father the secret. In real life he can do it very well.
