The story of "Baghdad's Thief" is complicated because it is said to have setbacks and has three separate and equally important layers knit together. The Lajo Biros scenario and the Miles Malleson dialogue keep the story at all points skillfully. The young King Ahmad of Baghdad is angry with Jaffar for the man's different ideas. He discovers that people accuse him of the acts of Jaffar and hate him. Jaffari captures where he meets Abu's early age. Two flee and take the boat to Basra. There companions spies when men are clear, so no one can see the city princess. Ahmad loves her and visits her in the garden. He tells him that he has come to him since then and wins the kiss. Then he's caught. When Jaffar is to win the Basra Princess for himself, Ahmad attacks an evil criminal who dazzles him and turns Abu into a dog. Jaffar then asks the princess's hand and gives a mechanical flying horse a gift to Basra Sultan. Then the blind Ahmad talks about his story on the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The prince has fallen asleep and nothing can awaken him. Jaffar sends his servant Halima to Ahmad and the dog in the hope that the prince can get him. She awakens her. He is planning a ship to find a doctor who will treat Ahmad, but he is caught by Jaffari who then throws the dog overboard. He then allows Jaffar to take his hand, promising to restore Ahmadi's vision and turn Abu back into the thief. The Princess sees Ahmadi's vision; he is in a boat; Jaffar sends him to the storm and Abu is devastated on the island. Abu finds a gene or djin who wants to kill him now when he is imprisoned in a bottle after centuries. Abu tries to prove that he really came from such a small container, then he rests again. He's got three wishes to release him. His first is sausage. In the meantime, the princess claims to have her father Jaffar refused; but Jaffar shows a new mechanical toy to Sultan, one of his six hands putting him to death. Abu makes another wish to find Ahmad. The happy genie flies to the goddess of All-Seeing Eye. Abu must climb on the big web to reach the gem, an eye, fighting a giant spider, then expanding the goddess. Abu looks out and sees Ahmad in the canyon. He has taken him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses eyes to see the princess. She smells like a flower and forgets all at once. Abu wants them to be in Baghdad, but the genie laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with her, not mentioning Ahmadi. Ahmad tries to fight his way with the princess, but Jaffar breaks his eyes. Abu finds himself in the "legend of the country", where the old men who reign want to make him king. He steals a bow and magic carpet and flees instead of rushing to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives on time to save the young king from prison, using his bow from the flying carpet, the miracle of the soul who had come to see its execution. Jaffar tries to escape from a mechanical flying horse, but the second bow strike ends it. Ahmad is again a ruler and plans to help his princess; but when he tries to make Abu his visitor, the young thief refuses to say that what he wants is an adventure, not a hard work and a birth in the palace, though it may be. Producer Alexander Korda gave this fantastic story. The production was designed by Vincent Korda, who was also an artistic director while Georges Perinal made colorful cinematography. Candidates are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell with Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. The extraordinary and numerous costumes were the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. Production, with the exception of beautiful and expensive-looking visual glory, claims to be dominated by two other elements: Miklos Rozsa's choral music and Conrad Veidti's performance as an evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays with the curious accent of the gene, plus his usual intelligence and power. June Duprez is cute and effective because Princess Mary Morris is sad and beautiful Halima and Miles Malleson, who is a properly worshiping and terrible sultan. Like Ahmad, it seems that John Justin does most of what can be done to a young princess in love and then to some; he is memorable in his winning role. This movie has a lot to say about it, and I say Korda works. Her imaginative content is the opposite of very strong realistic kits, costumes and set-design elements. It is one of the most memorable fantasies of ideas all the time, worthy to enjoy again and again.
