- The film speaks of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after the weak wizard tells him to go to a city that lies in a beggar, the wizard then locks the prince and soon becomes a shelter for Baghdad. imprisoned Prince meets Abu, who helps him escape from prison and go to the city called Basra, where he meets the princess he loves to love, but he is not aware that the evil wizard Jafa is in love with the princess and tries to convince her father that she could marry her. Jafa will soon discover that the prince is trying to win the girls' hearts so he makes him blind and turns Abu into a dog. It leads the Prince and Abu to an adventure to find a way to lose Jafa, restore Baghdad's peace, and marry a princess. During the journey, they experience everything from a sarcastic genia that leads to Abu flight through clouds, a giant spider that is really hungry, and a flying horse, apparently born in one of the most beautiful sequences ever seen by these old eyes. <br /> <br /> -This is a pure fantasy movie from start to finish, with flying horses, genies, carpets and wizards who actually get magic, not just catching up with their staff. It has no moments of cheese and the love story is not a waste of time. Production projects are simply stunning in this film. From palaces to various dangerous traps the heroes encounter. Even though this film is over 40 years old, product development is much better than most of today's cinema. Music and songs are also well done. Anyone who sees this is undoubtedly a hail, "I want to be a sailor at sea", one of the greatest moments of music in the movies. I am not usually a fan of films because I find them as enjoyable as taxes, but I do make an exception to this movie. <br /> <br /> -What sells for me is this movie that you see things you don't see in everyday life, which is the same reason I love things like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill". Make a movie with your realistic CGI before today to blow our thoughts to blow our thoughts, blowing your mind without scattering the green screen. One of my favorite photos "Two Towers" is where we see trolls that open Black Gates, whose main appeal to me was to see that these great fantasy creatures do what is essentially manual work, and what I love about Genie and other creatures in the movie. They just try to live just like everyone else who gives them a real feeling, though they are all just fantasy creatures. <br /> <br /> -This movie is literally impossible and is not noticed where the creators of Aladdin were inspired. The characters in this movie in the Genie movie, which speaks in this movie, are exactly the same characters up to flying. It's not a bad thing in my eyes because it's nice to know I'm not the only planet with deep passionate love for this amazing movie. I first saw it in my mother's motherland and thought it was the biggest thing in the world and after that, looking back at last week, I think it's amazing. It is a real proof that a great film can withstand the test of time. Of course, these effects look a bit outdated and cheesy, but it was back in the 40's to give it a break. Not everything seems outdated as today's standard controls most things today. <br /> <br /> -If you wanted to see Aladdin's live version, you should get your wish, but an angry cynical bunch is likely to be good at avoiding it because it's not their way.
