A totally beautiful film, one handful I saw when a young man who then and more does, Thief seems to have the impression that the time seems to be better. In the 90s my daughter and I had seen it many times on television, but we still went to the pictures when the local cinema was in the cinema? When it was over, the stars came out with eyes full of poetry, and Miklos Rozsa was a distracting musician who wanted it to last a few hours longer and wondered what a beautiful world was suddenly over again. <br /> <br /> The ideal Prince Ahmad wants to capture some of his people for a while to control things, but the evil Vizier Jaffar takes the opportunity to imprison and hold on to the throne. After escaping with the little thunder that Sabu played, Ahmad celebrates the princess and fall blindly in love? along the way they have a lot of adventures (though probably not enough for Saba!) and Love not only conquers but destroys everything. Special effects have to be mesmerized in 1940, but Time has taken its toll and reduced their impact, especially since the digital caricature has even taken over the action? but they still have a lot compared to a 40-year-old movie like Superman. Anyway, if I have asked to stop the disbelief in gigantic innocence, flying horses and carpets, I will also stop belief in perfect special effects! Favorite Bit: A dreamy scene in a sunlit garden when Ahmad discovers himself and Adelaide Hall's romantic song; stunning colors in the tent Legend Landis? actually stunning colors; Sabu and Rozsa victorious, but still poor in the finals. Conrad Veidt played baddie in two of the most amazing movie romances, this and Casablanca, and then died. John Justin and June Duprez were excellent lovers of leadership roles, both slightly and refreshingly, but some did not require a huge selection of emotions: only pure love was important. <br /> <br /> A couple of somewhat violent images in it, but you can be sure that it is a glorious feeling with a 100% positive message, it is just a pity that children today don't see what they prefer. One of my top 10 movie favorites, I can't recommend it too much? it can show the end of time.
