When I saw it in a movie theater when it appeared in 1995 through a free, advanced screening, I was completely fascinated and would have liked to have seen it. I was sorry when I talked to many people who had seen it and who were completely disappointed with it and how it ended. On the other hand, I felt the opposite. I was completely satisfied with the result and everything else. The people I spoke to said too much! In addition, they were unhappy because they thought that the end of the two characters was over. I found that these observations are absurd and that they are painful evidence that most of the public holding the American film seems to have a tendency to simply follow the stories in films that are not too complicated and intelligent dialogues to make them confused. They also want to have regular spoons fed with a spoon - happy or sad. It frustrates me. No one wants to argue anymore? And as to the end (and I don't want to be a spoiler), I'm completely satisfied because I know in my heart that these two characters are seeing each other again. It's all about your personal faith in romance and destiny. It's a very personal movie that doesn't talk to all people. But it certainly told me. Give her a chance! Be patient with it! Richard Linklater has designed a very cute movie with a beautiful story about the beautiful city of Vienna. Watching it will make you feel like you're walking through the city streets with characters. As if you were a Eurail passage through Europe. It's very intimate. Plus, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are doing a great job of implementing a complex script. They have to be improvised in some parts and it works well. They have great chemistry in their role. Their inconvenience as strangers to get to know each other is very plausible and you can truly feel that as the film progresses, romance and bondage develop between them. I feel it was a very personal job for Mr Linklater and I respect him deeply for making this film. It certainly touched me and I hope it touches the same number of others. Bravo for Romance !!!
