I was able to catch a double late night before "Sunrise" (1995) and "Before the Sunset" (2004), and I saw both movies in a row without really having the opportunity to breathe their breath or think about the meaning of each film separately. After going to bed, I have to say that I mostly prefer the former one, and I'll explain why. Before sunrise, we will be introduced by young actors, Ethan Hawke (Bites of Reality, Dead Poets) Society), only during the release of 25 films; and Julie Delpy (tricolor trilogy), then 26 (although I look much younger). He is an American writer who trains Europe after his girlfriend breaks down; She is a young French student, home to Paris. They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and decide to spontaneously come off the train. Two deeply spiritual and intellectual people who spend the whole night walking along the beautifully caught streets of Vienna, exchanging ideals and thoughts and gradually falling into love. <br /> <br /> The film has been written everywhere in the 1990s: the technology jumped fast, the new millennium, with all its hopes and dreams, was waiting around the corner, and the young adults, as depicted in the film, were full of love for life and a passion for the future. Jesse's (Hawke) and Celine's (Delpy's) characters, all their drawbacks and contradictions (Celine's accent, if mistakenly or for the purpose was semi-semi-French, and turned from one spectrum to another in violation of character credibility) was a reflection of time. This naïve couple absorbs life with such meaning and excitement, acting in all clichés and in a romantic way, but also capable of falling into the audience, is what really made this movie for me. The fact that the director does not know whether their relationship continues after the end of the film makes it even more valuable. <br /> <br /> All in all, Sunrise is a dreamy walk through urban landscapes. Vienna, a well-spoken classic romantic reunion, and a movie I will certainly introduce in the future will definitely return.
