After an accident on the train, the young couple spends one night on the streets of Vienna, discussing life and love. The main reason to see "Before Sunrise" is to see how young Julie Delpy delivers her lines. Like "Celine", it is sexy, meaningful, spiritual with a brown-eyed blonde blonde between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell as they were in the mid-twenties. The risk of overestimation is Celine's virtually ideal woman, unusually beautiful and very feminine, while being natural, modest, introspective, and self-loving. We can easily forgive that he is a bit eccentric and speaks blue, his sincere and intelligent comments sometimes come. What's more, his diverse expressions are not exciting and he speaks English with a French accent that is very pleasant. <br /> <br /> If there is a flight in this good movie locker, it should be his foolish and unpleasant costume. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" comes out as a vaguely tempting slut, a kind of nineties Maynard G. Krebs. In an attempt to appear divorced and reluctantly, he pulls himself through certain frames. Her trousers are bad, her shirt is not coming, her wavy dark hair (her most attractive feature) needs a good wash and someone really should have shown her how to trim her youthful goat right. However, he should represent untreated young people on a two-week train ride in Europe, so the look he has grown is probably quite genuine. His cynical observations and nervous sense of humor seem impressively romantic with Celine, although he has occasionally been disturbed by the extent of his alienation. When he finally confesses to him that he is completely ill and loves him, because he feels in his presence as another person, we know that he will get somewhere. <br /> <br /> After blowing up collective funds in cafes, bars, and foolish deviations, they agree that because they don't see each other again, they should benefit more. Jesse worships the red wine of a sentimental bartender, so that he and his renewed lady experience can improve the local park in the middle to lie on the grass, watching the moon and the stars and watching the sun. up. Given his unlimited happiness in the romance department, it is particularly tempting when Jessie, like the definition of naive Jerks, foolishly allows this wonderful young woman to slip from her grips. He is embarking on a half-busy plan that has been quickly developed at the railway station when he makes his adieu offerings, reconnecting on the same site for half a year. When the time comes, you know that this beautiful and unusual girl is tied to another, maybe even married and pregnant. For some reason, he probably does not appear, while Jesse, who comes to Target or (if he is happy) at the local library, goes back to Vienna to desperately see him again, but only alone. Despite what was a very frustrating conclusion for me, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful film. I recommend both this and the sequel, "Before the Sunset".
