I bought a DVD before sunset and saw it for the first time a week ago. Having seen it twice, I could not disappear before, but not because the sequel was not so big, but I felt that these two films ended up like each other, each time one of them ended, Ma I feel the need and the longing to see you. So, I spent weeks watching both of them repeatedly, I'm quite embarrassed to mention several times. The most important thing before sunrise is how you feel the feelings of your characters towards each other. It sounds so simple, raising chemistry, I think other romantic movies might think they will be able to track development, but for me - who doesn't believe in Nora Ephron - before sunrise is the first movie that actually gives viewers the chance to feel it. When I first saw it, about 8 years ago when I was 20, I already liked it. But I didn't appreciate it as a "big movie", it seemed to me that some other thinker knows a good movie, Linklater was too smart to make it more realistic, 10 minutes too long, characters too well made, I thought I was I liked it because it was like a dream and because I enjoyed their conversations etc. But now, thanks to the sunset, I feel it is more before sunrise than what I felt before. I saw the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. How each of them is separated into an element and have the ability to mix, the story is just a time frame, I no longer feel manipulation. And the freedom that each scene has, as well as the refusal to be too effective, when I was blind, that these qualities did not hit me extraordinarily when I first saw it! Now, eight years have passed, the more movies I've seen, the more I realize that many movies are just collections of scenes that exist only for the sake of its end, even movies such as Pulp Fiction or Linklaters' own Slackers. The story of Jesse and Celine avoids this, perhaps before the sunset is a better example in this case, but before sunset there is also one of the few films whose end is simply a consequence of time, not a destination, each scene has its own life. I don't know if Linklater or anyone else had a sequel before sunrise, but for me, one of the most amazing things about these successes is how these two films visually contrast with each other. Before sunrise, which, in my opinion, uses more static angels and lighter color schemes, it seems that trying to capture the atoms of the smallest vitality surrounding Jesse and Celine, the world is always hoping for the characters to recognize it. Meanwhile, I enter the vision of boredom when Jesse stuck with journalists before sunset, and Celine's first smile on the shelves is the most heartfelt smile I've seen at the beginning of the movie, and many moving pictures after that lead me to where I don't know sadness, no matter what how beautiful Paris is, and no matter how happy they are to meet again. I am sorry that I will continue this for a long time with my limited English. Before Sunrise is an extraordinary film without casting my scattered thoughts, it gets even better with the same magnitude.
