Before sunset has many remarkable things, it is almost too much to fit into one such review, but it is enough to say that it is one of the most remarkable character of the nineties character, perhaps even in the modern cinema. love, saying, as far as humanity is concerned. How do you fall in love at first sight? Nobody does it at least unanimously that Linklater wants to show her film. And * yet * there is such an intense relationship, a bond that can arise in young people and with many ideas that can be expressed in excessive and cynical terms, and that is somehow very gentle and the same time. Linklater tells us a story about Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy leaving the same train to Vienna and how the first thing to talk about things first is arbitrary, personal (Jessie sees her grandfather for the first time to die). Jessie persuades Celine to stay with her in the "city", Vienna, until her plane the next morning. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise gives Jessie and Celine in the middle of Vienna's landscapes and places to go, and on topics that are of great importance, and in some ways talk about making conversations, what is the look at people who is the one who takes the other and the other. There are often relationships and responsibilities, such as Jessie and Celine sometimes speak somewhat irrelevant or seemingly hopeless, and the other, which can tell a lot about their essential qualities. We hear the applause of desires for other love or not, which is not really like, be part of a family or upbringing that may or may not know how you love your life, what it means to believe or not to believe in some form of religion or just have any relationship with any religion and with the soul (I loved some of the church's Quakers) and sometimes with cynicism or skepticism. Jessie may be more responsible for this last part, but the movie is interesting that it is never exactly cynical, but comments on cynicism that reflects men's and women's concerns in this age of life. In the meantime, it is always good to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in the roles where they are not consistently annoying in this 90's Generation-X mode, but are the people who don't have a movie in the central sense, which is not at all bad but necessary, one might think, to find a walk down the city streets. Prerequisite is the old romantic image of the area The short collision, only the intimacy here is expressed in the middle characters either between each other, where the sweet asid is actually acceptable ("I have to tell you the secret," says Jessie and then leaning in the kiss, ho-ho) or in the small moments ride up with other people. I loved the scene with the poet, where it is a very cinematic thing to suddenly find a random romantic little player in the middle of a romantic picture with such beautiful words at his disposal, or a palm reader and how Jessie and Celine's reactions are that we could share , but we really see them for the first time. Although Hawke and Delpy embody interesting tasks, we can see how neuroses have already been created for the lives of these adults - because it can lead the future ... <br /> <br /> Excellent cinematography and scripting in the natural way of thinking and in the true sense of what it means The moment of the accident, though independent, because it can lead to more. Who says you can't be attached to someone, if only for less than 24 hours, and is it much more related than a couple? This is perhaps the Linklater dissertation, but it is more than just that. This is a very dense movie and one that calls me repeatedly. Especially one scene that is both cheesy and brilliant is when two of them talk "by phone" to each other, imitating their expositions, can go to another friend. A +
