Many criticisms of this issue seem to be comparing this film to "Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to choose the chosen films, but the similarities of "Mortal Storm" and "Watch on the Rhine" are clearly the problems of the endangered refugees of the Nazi Juggernaut, while the main comparative point with "Casablanca" seems to have been Humphrey Bogart in 1943 Academy of Arts and Sciences, as they chose the best actor Oscar Paul Lukas instead. It doesn't hit me completely. Lukas had a good film career (both here and in England - he is The Lady Vanishes), and this performance was his best. Bogart had more great performances than Rick Blaine in him (for example, he was ignored two years earlier in Sam Spade's "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle's "High Sierras", both were first-class performances and he didn't want to get Oscar for his greatest performances like Fred C Dobbs "Treasure of Sierra Madres", writer / murder suspect "In Lonely Place" and captain Philip Francis Queeg after "Caine Mutiny" - he became "Queen of Africa" ​​for Charley). I think the wheels should have played the role of Dobbs, but it didn't happen. But Lukas was happy - he got it in defining his smaller career. Few may claim it. <br /> <br /> To watch "Watch On the Rhine" movie, Hellman's "The Searching Wind" for another game / script. They both look at the spirit of American isolation in the 1920s and 1930s. "I'm looking for the wind" really looks at the whole interwar period, while "Watch on the Rhine", which has been going on for years when we went to World War II, is working for a few weeks. It is therefore better designed than a game and more effective for its impact. <br /> <br /> The film has many good presentations led by Lukas as an exhausted but confident Nazi fighter / courier, Davis as his loyal wife (wisely keeping his character as low as Lukas is at the center of the games), Coulouris selfish , enthralling but ultimately silly and ineffective Teck, Lucille Watson as the mother of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (such as Coulouris's wiser and sadest and fed woman) and Kurt Katch, who presents devastating criticism (such as the head of the local embassy Gestapo) on Coulouris and other Nazi people . There's a bite in this. And what he says is pretty right. It also has moments near poetry. Recognize the scene until Coulouris remains alone with Lukas and Davis and says, "The new world has left the scene for the old world". Hellman could write very well from time to time. <br /> <br /> Considering the film's script and the strength of the performances, I would rate this movie in World War II films.
