Before sunrise is a romantic for the generation of a scraper. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is the dirty saying of most people's dreams. The film depicts romance in all its glory, but without any kind of pitfalls that will hit most couples; In short, the film is about two people who have a relationship that is as close to perfection as relations ever come - with just one problem, a time problem. While most relationships will eventually break down, it will become strong all the time and time itself is the only thing it takes. Before the sunrise, it is certainly not a typical sentimental "Hollywood Romance", another aspect that puts the film's leagues in front of the quests. The story follows two people, Jesse; American and Celine; French girl who meets on the train Vienna. They communicate instantly and after their terrible idea on television and almost quit the train, ask Jesse Celine to join his day in a picturesque city of Vienna ... <br /> <br /> before sunrise works for two main reasons - realistic action and a huge script , which builds the characters through their thoughts and feelings and thus enables us to get to know them when we actually live. This allows the characters to be used freely and it is easy to believe that they are real people, not just the workers in the scenario. It also allows us to know who they are, and not just because they are the protagonists. Such realism is difficult to catch because at the end of the day we know that they are watching the film and not following the real life; but before sunrise is one of the more realistic exhibitions of the reality you see on the screen. A really great script can't do it itself and needs big players to be fair, and though I'm not a Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke fan; when you watch this movie, there is nothing you can do but give them both respects. I don't know if they were by nature or just playing, but if the film is good; In such a film, the most important thing that is most important and included in the script is a number of observations about life, most of which I personally associated. This is what Richard Linklater has achieved with this script, because he not only creates and builds signs, but also can reveal what true love is, along with many other areas of life. The fact that not all anecdotes are personally dependent on me, again shines in writing. Everyone is different, so different parts of the script will turn to different people. One person could have certain aspects that one person loves and the other hates; and this is the case in this script. Adding the beauty of the movie is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not very important for the film because it is a story that could have happened almost everywhere - but it changes some of the beautiful visual images and the horrible, energetic romance that flourishes the whole film, fits its beauty. location before <br /> <br /> Before and after sunrise is beautiful and exciting. Richard Linklater has created something that is rare in the cinema world; a movie that captures the beauty of life without ever being upset or too sentimental. Before sunrise this is what it is. And what it is is a clean cinema shine.
