When I found the movie according to the Christmas schedule, the title of it was not familiar to me because I didn't read the novel and had not heard anything about the film. But after reading the content, I decided to spend my Christmas night watching the movie. The effect surprised me completely: I can't remember the last time I saw the movie that took me every moment. VOW TO CHERISH is undoubtedly one of those films that is now a real surprise in the cinema. Here are some of my arguments why I think this movie is a very underrated movie. First of all, the whole content is particularly educative. It has something to offer a modern audience - pure true faith and some answers to universal questions. Do we need Christ in our time? Is Love Important? What is Faith? What is the logic of load and suffering in life? Is there really anyone next to me that I always trust? The film gives answers through content because everything that happens to the characters can happen to each of us. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the film is extraordinarily humane. The main characters are experiencing an internal struggle and are coping with extremely difficult decisions. Is Kyle David Denman and Teri (Megan Paul) better off to start their own life and forget about family or to preserve the values ​​they taught at home? Is it better for John (Ken Howard) to leave Ellen (Barbara Babcock), her ill woman, and start a new happy life with Julia (Donna Bullock), the woman she falls in love with? In fact, Ellen no longer recognizes her ... But she decides to let Him faithful to eternal fidelity. John's rebellious brother Phil (D. David Morin) was better off for his simple life, although it didn't bring him satisfaction or seriously started thinking about his life. Phil's prayer to God in the park is the psychological craftsmanship of the universal aspect of mankind. Anyone can say these words, no matter where, when and how they live. there is always something more powerful that puts these people together. This "something" is love and trust. I know it may seem a bit idealistic. Not all families can rely on loyalty and it may not be so easy. However, it is a very educational aspect and realistic. <br /> <br /> Fourth, the entire film focuses on people's mutual help. If we want to lead a happy life in our society, we need to understand one thing: we must help one another. Alexander (Ossie Davis) is an example of such an attitude. At the beginning of the movie, we see that he is talking to John. Later he helps his brother. Alexander is a sure "angel" sent to John and his family. Isn't it possible for us to become angels? <br /> <br /> Fifth, artistic qualities are worthy of attention. RESULTS: Barbara Babcock gives an authentic result to Ellen and although she has a difficult role, she does a perfect job. For example, think of the moment she appears at school and wants to be taught again. Ken Howard is also a memorable man. PICTURE: For me, the most memorable place in the fallen leaves (fall) in the place of John and Ellen, while the sun (love) spreads everywhere. I interpreted as a symbol: even if it is sad, it can always be enlightened with light and joy ... <br /> <br /> VOW TO CHERISH is a wonderful film that really shows me what it means to love, what fidelity is once proven to me how beautiful it is to live and believe. Finally, I would like to quote the deep words of the movie, which I found very touching, and I hope you will also do <br /> <br /> Kyle's uncle against Phili: Yes, he (John Brighton) lives in the Bible, respectively. But no one is forcing you to do it. But according to what rules do you live in?
