I'm telling you the story of the summer of 1994. My friend and I attended a concert in Barris, Canada, and it was the one who was in the age of the older bands in Canada. We got there about 4:00, we waited mostly in the morning, and when the doors were opened at 9:00, we were inside the first gates. Then we waited and waited in the hot sun, slowly broiling, but we didn't care because headliners were among our favorites. At one point, I sat down early in the afternoon and went to the barrier with my back. I was awakened by my shock and a terrifying rhinostat t-shirt girl. That's why I have hated rheumatism today. Nothing is sensible or determined by taste or really anything other than their fandom. I'm not, isn't it? So, I have denied myself the joy of whale music in my band's hate. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl had it all. It's hard to say what he's lost because he lives in a fantastic mansion that is surrounded by the ocean and mountains (BC area where the film is fascinated). Life, which most of us dream about, is destroyed by dreams, phantoms and his own past, until the day when teenaged crime breaks ... and trits when it sounds, it breaks out. <br /> <br /> Cinema suffers from a number of problems. In general, the lack of money, but also the inadequacy of the request for assistance (such as when this function is no longer in Canada) leads to lower production values ​​than American or British films, and most people do not want to see it sound or look good, not like an American film. Next, Canadian scriptwriters often seem so familiar that they are strange that they do not know how to tell a good story and say it well. Third, they seem to think that free nudity (often full length) does something artistic. I'm sure somebody who watches enough Canadian movies, especially in the late night CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost like a "don't do it" handbook is out there and the Canadian filmmakers threw it a long time ago. <br /> <br /> In the 90s and 00s, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's work and brilliant CRAZY) have shattered this form and managed to keep those that make them Canada, keeping track of observable production values ​​and big stories. Whale music is such a film on the surface. It is deeper than just its Canadian know-how, it is a deeply moving story of a man who has lost his grip, grief and redundancy, redeemed through music and love. And it even redeems the rafters. :)
