"Emma" was a product that could be called the first major Jane Austen cycle of the mid-90s, and was recently shown on British television, undoubtedly because it was of interest to the author of another great Jane Austen Cycle. Two years ago "Pride and Prejudice" began. Currently, the cinemas are Austen's biography "Becoming Jane" and ITV's recent three television films based on Austen's novels. These include the "Northanger Monastery", only one of the six great novels that have not been filmed before, so the cycle should now be ready. There is no doubt that there will be more in the near future. (After all, his minor "Love and Freindship" (sic), a short short story "Lady Susan" and someone who is undoubtedly finished his two unfinished fragments "The Watsons" and "Sanditon." lakes cut by modern writers ??????). <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young man from the Aristocratic family in Regency England. (Not as some reviewers have expected, Victorian England-Austen died before Queen Victoria was born). Emma is significantly better than most Austen heroes, like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and she doesn't have to find her rich husband. Instead, his main concern seems to be to find spouses for his friends. He persuades his friend Harri to give up on the marriage of a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing Harriet should look at his ambitious clergy, Mr Elton. However, this scheme goes wrong because Elton has no interest in Harris but is in love with Emma. The speed with which Emma rejects her proposal is a wonder why she was so eager to fit with her friend's husband, whom she considers (reasonably) to be an inappropriate partner for marriage. This is Jane Austen's plot, which shows that emma is less committed to spinsters than she looks, and she also finds she falls in love, leading to further complications. <br /> <br /> Emma always insists she will not marry without affection and if she finds a partner, Mr Knightley, we think it is really a loving marriage. However, this does not seem very passionate (in other words, Elizabeth Bennett and Mr Darcy). Knightley, who is sixteen years older than Emma (she is 21 years old, 37 years old) and is married to her, is a father rather than a lover. Much more of a father-figure, actually like his real father, a harsh and selfish old hypocondria who seems to be his grandfather. If Emma is rude to rude and annoying friend Miss Bates, Knightley is in the middle of her lack of behavior. (His surname is probably meant to show his gentleman of the 19th century, who liked to think of himself as a contemporary equivalent of medieval knights with his complicated military codes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their parts very well, but this is not really one of the biggest screen romances. <br /> <br /> I liked Juliet Stephenson's vulgar Ms. Elton and Toni Collette's Harriet. I know that in the novel, Harriet was a naïve young teenager, while here she is rather characteristic of Collette, who played "Muriel's Wedding", a slightly overweight twenties, scaring her chances of finding a man. Nonetheless, I felt that the characterization worked well in the context of the film and did not diminish Austen's themes. <br /> <br /> Emma is one of Austen's lighter works without being darker. Mansfield Park "or even" Pride and Prejudice "and it is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace full of homemade homes and elegant costumes and fine customs. Apart from the dirty Gypsies who make a very short look, the only" poor "people are we see, Mrs Bates and her daughter, and if they live in such a picturesque rose-hungry house that would change hands over £ 500,000 today, we can be sure that their poverty is relative, not absolute. It is not a strong home, of course, it is not a complete picture of the life of the beginning of the nineteenth century, but nobody has ever claimed Austen as the realist of the kitchen furniture. A more complicated romantic comedy combined with the analysis of the human character was more of his line. <br /> <br / > I wouldn't appreciate this movie as much as the 1994 "Sense and Sensibility" or the recent "Pride" and prejudices "- it tends to be a bit in the middle el drag, although it has a strong start and a strong ending - but it's essentially a very enjoyable adaptation of Austen. 7/10
