Romance is in the air and love is flourishing in the Victorian era in England, in the light-hearted story that has been accepted by society at a time when customs were still in fashion, ladies were charming and elegant and gentlemen gentlemen. "Emma", based on Jane Austen's novel and written by Douglas McGrath, is headed by the lovely Gwyneth Paltrow. Emma is determined by her assigned champion, who delighted in the romantic sense of playing Cupid and trying to match those she feels fit with each other. After a successful match that ended with marriage, he then sets his sights to find a friend to Harriet (Toni Collette), but his initial attempt is less than satisfactory. In the meantime, Mr Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose vision of heart things often seems to be somewhat more enjoyable than Emma, ​​provides the necessary balance in the procedure to ease his efforts. And Emma, ​​which is so concerned about others, ignores the heart, which is really the most important thing: her own. The world goes around and love is abundant, but Emma goes by boat. Fortunately, this is someone who is just waiting for the wings. Now that he can do it long enough to realize it. But if everyone who knows true love knows, things from the moment, depending on the least, can go right or wrong; and while romance is within the reach of Emma, ​​she must first recognize it and grasp it from the moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath has designed and provided a pleasant, good-looking movie that is like the turbulent world of our fresh air soul. It may have an atmosphere, but in retrospect this story is about something that may be the most important thing - to be honest - almost everyone: Love. And with McGrath's impeccable pace and timing, it plays here in a totally fun and enjoyable way. It is a pleasant and compelling film that has an excellent example that successfully transmits the viewer to another time and place. It is lightweight but absorbing; and the picturesque places and activities offer a feeling of well-being and peace that allows you to dive into yourself and just go on stream. <br /> <br /> A charming Paltrow, who won the Oscar for Best Actress "Shakespeare In Love" two years after it was made, feels comfortable and at home in this genre. It personalizes all British things and does so with the naturalness and the possibility that it is a result that is easily taken for granted or neglected at all. He's just as good as he does and makes it so easy. He has a charismatic display and a pleasant way to resemble Audrey Hepburn. However, Paltrow is unique. As an actor, she is wide-ranging and stylish and has shown films such as "Hard Eight", "Hush" and "Perfect Murder" - that she can play almost every part effectively and with the personal touch that makes her play a role. But it's like the letters Emma, ​​which she really looks like. He is so expressive and open, and his personality is so appealing that he is someone to whom it is easily connected and just to enjoy the joy, no matter what part he plays. And for Emma she is absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northam feels very well in the role of Knightley and, like Paltrow, it feels like a genre - in the right role; his presentation in the last "The Golden Bowl", where he played the Italian prince, was less satisfactory. Here, however, he is perfect; she is beautiful and carries herself so that Knightley is credible and very real. Like Colin Firth's Mr Darcy's "Pride and Prejudice" ministries, Northam has created a memorable character with his own Knightley. <br /> <br /> Toni Collette, Emma's friend Harriet Smith, also has excellent supportive roles and remarkable value; and Alan Cumming as Admirer of Elton. On the contrary, Collette and Cumming create characters who are very real people and thus become an important value for the overall success of this film. And this shows how supportive players appreciate cinema in the world and in movies of all genres. <br /> <br /> Supporting casting includes Greta Scacch (Ms. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs Goddard), Phyllida Act (Mrs. Bates), Polly Walker ( Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill). Emma is an uplifting, elegant film that is reminiscent of civilized behavior and the value of tenderness and grace in a world that is too often unpleasant. And even if it is only through the magic of the silver screen, it is great for me to be able to get into this world, only for a few hours, because it meets the need to renew faith in the human spirit. And that's the magic of movies. I appreciate it 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
