A little bit, "Nothing" could be a children's film. This is a very smart concept, touches on some interesting metaphysical topics and goes against almost every Hollywood convention you mean ... which is in conflict with everything more than literally "something"? Nothing is a story of two sneers who want the world to go when everything goes wrong with their lives. All that is left is what they hate and a big empty space. For a large part of your movie, it is difficult to focus on just two participants, especially without any action going on outside the plot. It focuses on one topic, but it is the main territory of Vincenzo Natali. If you have seen a "cube", you already know that it tends to like this situation. "Nothing" in this film is obviously an infinite space, but Natal succeeds in making it somewhat claustrophobic, if only because there is literally something else and somewhere else to go. Participants sell it, although you can say that these guys are still friends. Two Cube's come back here (Worth and Kazan), but there are completely different characters. They change throughout the story and although they are not the strongest actors in the world, they are at least plausible. <br /> <br /> The reason I say that this can be a children's film under the right tweaks is because, in addition to some f-bombs and a somewhat unnecessary sequence of bloody dreams, children can feel this movie in a fun and often foolish way. So I find it a strange choice that writers decided to add some crash and a small amount of gore, especially since there is not much of it. It could have been a PG rating easily if they had just cut off a few things and changed a little dialogue. There are very few objections to this movie, but just so parents wouldn't want to see their children. I'm just saying it is a shame because it's not because I support censorship, but because it can be the only thing that prevents the film from becoming more exposed. <br /> <br /> This is, in any case, a fairly fun movie, though with some drawn scenes. But in order to be literally something and to focus entirely on the two characters and their interactions absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
