Having seen CUBE, I have been a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work. Natal seems to be able to take the story and barely twist it for the damp towel he can collect. Instead, it lets you naturally discover the stories, so you can actually think that this cube is the people who are trying to escape, or if not, DO NOT have a big empty width with ... anything! The ad was immediately closed to me. It seemed so easy! Take two characters who don't like anyone and send them to a world where nothing is. Natali does it so easily that you forget the logic that there is no place where there is nothing. In fact, nothing in the film changes irony. There's nothing, but there's something. <br /> <br /> It may be a good time to point out that the trailer is very misleading. I was fortunate to actually understand that the film was bent more on the comic side than the trailer otherwise. That's why I smiled watching the movie every time and again, while someone who misleads the ad can be completely confused. <br /> <br /> If I can take the time to praise the film when the movie is different, it's a concept. It's a genius concept that we don't have anything in the world, and put two characters in it, not two glorious thoughts who philosophize and work out their surroundings, but two idiots who have no idea where the fuck they are! Another strong point is the film's cinematography, although initially it may not be seen! If there is only a white plane on each wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down, the perception of depth becomes faulty. It is difficult to determine where things are placed in mis-En-Scene. Cinema has many moments where it actually happens, but most often the camera is placed so that two characters or objects and characters are placed in the foreground and background, enabling the feeling of depth to be realized. /> <br /> But this film lacks certain areas. The film is relatively short, but even after a while, the novelty of this world will not be quite boring and you want to find some form of resolution. We can also argue that action is once again questionable. These two characters are in some ways unlikely, so we do not feel compassion for these symbols. However, chemistry and friendship between the two characters seem quite real, but nothing is missing. Don't let the trailer think that this is another horror movie in science literature. It's a lot of comedy than that! Indeed, it is worth looking at, but for this concept!
