Director Vincenzo Natali first showed his commitment to character-based sci-fi clips with his short film "Raised" in 1997, with 3 people stuck in the elevator while the invisible monsters stray in the building. Later this year his "Cube" tracking project was a very similar assumption, this time with 6 people and instead of a lift, it was a large extension of blocking cubic deathtraps. Both were admirable attempts to move the sci-fi genre forward by deliberately wanting to show almost any kind of visual stimulation, instead of spending as much time as possible, focusing on the human element, how the characters behave, react and interact with incomprehensible dangerous conditions. After studying the main stream of "Cypher" in 2002, Natal has returned to his bizarre character-film trend that brings us "nothing", his last and most optimistic and comedic over "sticking"? "<br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are lifelong friends, united by social separation and the absence of someone else. Dave, who has always been obstructed by selfish and somewhat dimmed nature, lives free of charge Andrew ' In a poorly built and poorly built house, where he often uses Andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality. Despite all these two inconveniences, it is a pleasure, together one day, to have their deep character deficiencies, with some astronomically bad luck, in the midst of a rather serious prison sentence In addition, they discover that their house has been considered to be incapable of existence and is going to be demolished before sunset so that the blurry, spooky panic of everything that goes wrong for them wants the whole world to disappear. > Continued use of the summary would be detrimental to the slow motion of the film (from time to time too slow), which shows what happened to Dave and Andrew and how they deal with their new reality. The enchantment of Natal in the study of human behavior (the Birds area) is a shovel here, but with strangers, rather than friends of the main characters, he can leave this space from the thriller-horror element. more comfortable and optimistic. It is almost as if he had made the "Cube" aphoristic opposite. <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is not about 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In line with fundamental realism, our two anti-heroic dynamics often become antagonistic, sometimes quite disgusting. Like the "Desert Island" game, the film also looks at how even the best friends, if left alone, can break down, but at the same time it shows that friends are vital to the quality of existence. In a very twisted, sci-fi way, it's a good feeling with a good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, there are some abilities that Nothing doesn't need. Although the two leading actors, Hewlett and Miller, are doing their part well, their characters are not nearly as interesting as they should have been, given that it is a great pleasure for them to feel for the better part of their feeling. Dave's and Andrew's relationships and individuals have some development, some backgrounds are given, but in the end it is not enough. The generous viewer sits through the fewer parts of the movie to see it until the end, but the cynics probably give up quite quickly. <br /> <br /> As mentioned, it is sufficient and, given the green screen work that would be needed, is reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, both writing manuscripts, have been Vincenzo Natal's long-standing friends: Hewlett has actually played in all of Natal's films. Maybe their creative contribution was directed by a more positive direction for their film. Nevertheless, this story would have been much more inclusive. Given that it is relatively fun, given that (not intended), nothing happens, but you get the impression that in more experienced hands this assumption would be much more possible. <br /> <br /> In all justice, "Nothing" is an impressive job in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the script works on a human level, and above all it shows the creative mentality of Natal. It's a pleasure for the fans of their work, and for others, it's a good way to pass some unwanted time. It's just a shame that the director's fixation in a human drama prevented him from being a big and fun movie he could have.
