Nothing is fantastic! It's easy! This is a movie that shouldn't work but does it. Natali remains in Sci-Fi, but this film is also a comedy. Cypher seemed to be a big case of budget discharge for Natal ($ 7.5 million! Woo-hoo Pa!), So with Nothing he is reconsidering. It's a low budget, making independent movies the best. Simple, good-looking old-fashioned storytelling and an attempt to make an artistic decoration of films that bring Hollywood's usual financial benefits. Nothing is a movie, and before you ask, it's not like Seinfeld! Basically, Andrew and Dave are a couple of losers. They live in a strange-looking house under two highways. Andrew is a telecommunication travel agency who is agoraphobic, while Dave is Andrew's best companion to rent with him for free. However, Dave is tired of it and has a gorgeous girlfriend with whom she wants to move. But odd successes, Dave learns that his girlfriend has thrown a huge amount of money out of Dave's accusing Dave job, and Andrew is wrongly accused of sexually attacking a girl (Canadian humor!). As it turns out, Andreas's house also needs to be demolished and it cannot stop it if the house was built on land that should not have been built. Both Andrew and Dave are inside the house when the police and demolition workers call. They are desperate and unable to escape, and in panic and confusion, as the police break down in everything, the white disappears. What happened? Did Dave and Andrew die? They wake up to find themselves still in the house but quiet. No police, demolition team, no angry girl, no mother! What happens is Dave and Andy discover that they have the ability to "wish or hate." As it turns out, they have hated the whole world. They stay alone. The house is surrounded by something depicted as pure white. What this means is that the movie setup is set in the house and then just white. The film is an interesting view of the isolation of people and the psyche, and, of course, when they spend more time alone with food and without water, they begin to tire of each other. They discover that they can prevent hunger, which is useful, but obviously we say things are out of hand. I can't reveal many, but I have to say that they will hit the head. This movie is peculiar, funny, interesting. Effects are simple, but effective and Natali brings together two Cube, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry and they work very well. They have to keep 90% of the film on themselves and much of this pure white background, but it works. I certainly hope that it will get the same ruthless treatment that Cypher did and it should appear on the DVD for a year or two years. Nothing is a top quality and unique film, and although it is not as good as Cube or Cypher, it again proves Natal as one of the best and newcomers. <br /> <br /> Natal is someone who is really interested in my three interests. features and i can't wait for his next function. I get to God that he does not make the planned necropolis written and directed by the sufferer of ADD, the eternal mess Paul Anderson. Vincenzo's old friend when Paul comes to your pillow, RUN !!! WORKING GLASS! I hope this man will not take this Hollywood as Alex Proyas did (enjoyable with a pussy, sugar-coated, helium light: I Robot!). Keep your eyes peeled for this boy. ****
