When it came out, it was a lot of modern music entertainment. Today it is mostly more fun than most because it has a leading role as James Cagney as a musical prologue producer after the following deadlines, and Joy Blondell's trusted "Friday" girl. Likewise, the musical numbers put together by Busby Berkeley are quite challenged as far as this is concerned. <br /> <br /> But this is a pretty strange movie. I think in one of those numbers that Billy Barty runs around pretending to be a lovable toddler, doing all kinds of strange things. Ruby Keeler seems to always have a laughing smile that has been plastered on her face, but at least she is not required to act like some of the later regrettable films. You never think Dick Powell was some kind of tough guy who didn't see him in this movie; probably all the harsh men were energized to the Cagney star. As far as Cagney is concerned, there are musical programs on his fast journeys, etc., that they love and disturb at the same time. After a while it gets a little too much. You expect him to walk out and say, "Hey! I have a great idea about a prologue! Women are cigarettes and they come out of the smoke pack! Oh no, we did this one last month!" It's funny, but it gets a little repetitive. At a moment when he has to cope with the hard girl Ruth Donnelly, a well-known Cagney gangster badge appears. In fact, William Keighley, a frequent director of B-gangster, has been credited with the guidance of a dialogue here, and sometimes it seems that Cagney and Blondell use something very "street", even though the characters are not criminals. <br /> <br /> Musical numbers ... what do you say? They stand alone as entertainment, the way Berkeley uses the human body and geometry is really surprising. But none of them mean anything. That means "Honeymoon Hotel", nothing more or less. And the whole pretense of integration is broken right away, because the characters in the exhibition do things that the theater community, like movie pictures, can't understand. For example, at one point, they show fine publications, such things, to the newspaper. The whole thing could be just on the film, so the idea that the prologues are actually alive is ridiculous. I can only assume that the audience of time was somewhat less critical of such things than ten years later, because it is a very polished production. <br /> <br /> It's nice to see Cagney herself with her great dance skills, and she can actually stake Keeler with a similar dancer. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes are really good. The music I would say is only mediocre, but mostly pleasant when it repeats. Bacon's direction in general is very appropriate, but never interesting. The entertainment value of the film is indisputable and has also raised some nostalgic value. This is the cutbacks of "30's exhibitions".
