Opium den, dirty little boy (actually dwarf), prostitutes are very heavy, submerged by violent fracads, sexual shenanigans motel, little clad babes with lots of cleavage, falling down stairs, racially mixed client. is the bar treated equally with Asians, Africans and Anglos, does it sound like a movie playing in a local mall? Wrong. These are all musical scenes of 1933. <br /> <br /> In the first half of Footlight Parade, a musical extravaganza is being prepared, which is on the last side of the film. Chester Kent (Cagney) loses his job and loses his playgirl husband when they talk about live productions. His manufacturers are taking him to see the day's popular talk, "The Big Trail" by John Wayne. Before each flick is shown, the dance number is presented as a prologue. Short shorts, news rolls, serial pictures and cartoons would be for that purpose later. Kent gets the idea that the prologue chain would be the way to save if the lively musical business is diminishing. Kent is basically the idea of ​​the choreographer Busby Berkeley. Could it be that Cagney's character is Berkeley's pattern? Maybe. In the preparation of prologues, Kent learns that his ideas are stolen by a rival. He discovers a traitor, a fire, then he is not aware that a new leak has been planted in the form of a blinding bully. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - soon Mrs. Dick Powell) is a hotspot for Kent and has decided to expose the enemy enemies. A new singer from Arkansas College will appear in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Powell), who is a real finder and associated with Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). The three prologue music that could not be performed on the cinema day is as fresh and enjoyable today as they were over seventy years ago in the "Honeymoon Hotel", "Waterfall" and "Shanghai Lil." <br /> <br /> Especially notable is a hard guy James Cagney song and dance. Like Fred Astaire and Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Cagney's dance seemed natural and incomprehensible, although the lessons went into practice to get every step right. Not as good a singer as Astaire, the song of Cagney, such as Astaire, sounded naturally, unlike the popular crowning. It is amazing that one person can be as talented and versatile as James Cagney. <br /> <br /> Most critics prefer the Shanghai Lili segment over the other two. At the same time, By the Waterfall, kaleidoscopic choreography is amazing. How Berkeley was able to record underwater ballets and a human snake chain had to be difficult because it was never repeated. Shining images, blended with distant corners, are a must-have. Sharp black and white photography is much more artistic than being painted. <br /> <br /> Although not as socially conscious as the gold miners in 1933, Footlight Parade is one of the biggest and greatest music ever on the big screen.
