A very early film by Oliver Stone (companion) and one of the first films in the impressive career of the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Film Festival, Lloyd Kaufman (the only true independent film studio in the world, the creator and co-creator of Toxic Avenger), a lifetime filmmaker for over 30 years). Lloyd wrote some money for this film, wrote this script with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and regrets hearing the advice of directing Gershun's other film directly. But at that time he was still inexperienced in business, and it is probably because of the decisions he makes no longer make sense to anyone. Indeed, it would have been interesting to see your version of Lloyd's script - as one of the world's most original, bold, experimental and non-compromising directors, he would probably have given him even more edge than it already is. But as we have a Gershun-directed film. And the weather is due to a strong scenario or the fact that he is indeed his own director, sugar beets are a very intelligent, extremely witty and well-designed film that deserves much more attention than it gets. A small studio (that was even before Kaufman and his friend and partner, 30 years old, Michael Herz, Troma) had to work together so well that the film looks much more expensive; The story revolves around the lesbian Camilla Stone (played by mysterious Mary Woronow) and her lover, who pushes through the circumstances that I can't expose to not spoil the enchanting story. This leads to successive plot-revolution, sensory and personality reforms that are loosely inspired by Hitchcock's Vertigo and at least the same ingenuity. Nonetheless, the atmosphere is more fragrant and some comparisons with Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell's performance remind us. This blend is a very original and inventive erotic laden thriller that keeps it quite unclear how it all ends up, along with the superb interweaved sub-color that bears Kaufman's earlier and unfortunately unattainable BIG GUSS. FUSS makes a very exciting one and a half hour. Surely this is one of the best films in the Troma Library and again one of those films that violates the curious fantasy that their catalog is a bad taste. The DVD includes some recent interviews by Kaufman with Woronov and another leading lady, Lynn Lowry (later George Romero THE CRAZIES), thus giving an interesting insight into what Lloyd could have guided himself in making this cult favorite and some hints. Highly recommended.
