Starting here is a summary: Porno Queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) kills her pornographic lover Max (George Shannon) in a sexual Russian roulette game. Alta's second lover, the icy lesbian casting agent Camila Stone (Mary Woronov) gives an alib for Max. However, Camilal is on her own agenda and in the plan, including the seduction of innocent actors Julie (again) on the sexual mood games web. If the lookalikes' identities are vague enough, the stage is set to revenge as a passionate as the hottest carnal meeting. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is quite hidden and never paid much attention, I find it a sexy, tight pearl. The cult of the goddess Woronov is one of the best roles and she and sexy innocent Lowry play each other well. The music offered by Gershon Kingsley and the two original songs ("All-American Boy", "You say you never shot me") and Jaynets "Sally, Go 'Round the Roses" form a memorable sound. Theodore Gershuny's direction is sharp, everything is photographed in silent ground tones, which are ideal for the unpleasant business that is under the top of society. With tons of great New York atmosphere, Ondine (Woronov's friend and Warhol's companion) gives an excellent result with a small role and exotic Monique Van Vooren as Max's former husband comic. This sub-block, though fun, looks like it belongs to another movie. But I do not complain because the film is smooth even when it changes gear and is a lot more interesting hell that is now being pulled out of the erotic thriller trash. <br /> <br /> Trivia: Sugar Biscuits Originally, X (soft core) was rated and released from General Film Corporation in 1973. I am a proud owner of an original one-page poster - happy for me! In 1977, the film was cut to R and Troma Team released it again, which now offers uncompressed video tape. Mary Woronov was at that time the husband of Theodore Gershuny and was said to be uncomfortable when she made graphic lesbian simulated sex scenes behind the camera. He can also be seen in two of his earlier productions: Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
