My former Cambridge modern Simon Heffer, who is a writer and journalist today, has put forward the theory that, as British filmmakers in the eighties were often critical of what they called "Thatcher's Britain", Ealing's comedies were meant to be "satires". Attlee's Britain ”, Britain, which was a labor force after the 1945 general election. This theory was probably not meant to be applied, say, "Kind Hearts and Coronets" (which, if any, satir Edward's upper class) or "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", both of which may contain some satire, but not political. However, it can be applied to most other series films, especially the "Pimlico Passport". <br /> <br /> Pimlico has been or was at least forty years, predominantly a working class area in London, located on the north coast of Thames, about 1.5 km from Victoria Station. It is not quite right to say, as is often said, that the film is about "Pimlico", which "declares itself independent" from Britain. What happens is an ancient chart that proves that in the fifteenth century King Edward IV handed over the region to the Duchy of Burgundy. This means that technically, Pimlico is an independent state and has been almost five hundred years old, regardless of the wishes of its inhabitants. The government promises to give Parliament a special law to correct the anomaly, but as long as the law gets royal, the area will remain outside the UK and British law will not apply. <br /> <br /> Since Pimlico does not belong to British law, the local pub landlord is open at all times, whatever he chooses, and local merchants can sell whatever they want, to those they want, unobstructed by normative laws. When other traders start selling the area to sell their goods on the streets, the British authorities have terrified what they consider to be legalized blackmailing and sealing to try "burgundy", as the Pimlico people have renamed themselves to give up. <br /> <br /> Many Ealing comedies have a central theme of the idea of ​​small people taking the system, either individually or as a part of a larger community, such as "Whiskey Galore" or "Lavender Hill Mob". "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The central theme of the passports is ordinary men and women who take bureaucracy and government-imposed rules that seemed to be an increasingly important feature of British life in the forties. The film's specific target is the standardization system. During the war, most people had taken the system as a necessary sacrifice in the fight against Nazism, but it became increasingly politically controversial when the government tried to preserve it during peacetime. This was the main factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee administration, which was elected by a larger majority in 1945, and organizations such as the British Housewife League were set up to organize campaigns. I cannot agree with the reviewer who claimed that the main goals of the film were "spivid" (black tourists), who play a relatively small part of the action, or the housewife who doesn't appear at all. Satire is aimed at bureaucrats depicted as "rules" for the sake of the rules, or a desire to go ahead and avoid taking any action. <br /> <br /> I suspect that if the film was made today, it would be different if Pimlico remains independent of the British or Monaco or San Marino versions. (Indeed, I suspect that today the concept would be the basis for a television environment rather than a film). In 1949, but four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers emphasized patriotism and British identity, so that the film ends when Pimlico is absorbed into Britain. One of the most prominent features of the film is "We are always English and we are always English and that's just because we're English, we're sticking to our right to be a Burgundy". The rather heartless attitude of Pimlico cocktails to attitudes, common sense, tolerance and good humor is sharply contrasted, all of which are essentially British. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place during the summer drought and the warming wave, but in the last scene, after Pimlico has returned to Britain, the temperature falls and the rain begins to fall. Global warming may have changed things a little, but for many years we could have believed in the status of the British, no matter what the statistics, on the contrary, were in the United Kingdom with unusually wet air. The opportunity to make fun of this climate was equally important. <br /> <br /> Stanley Holloway, like Arthur Pemberton, a local food and small politician, has achieved a good result, becoming the free prime minister of Pimlico and the amusing chef of Margaret Rutherford. Mainly, it's enough to see a movie from small communities that pull together a band that doesn't have a real star performance, but everyone contributes to a great movie. It lacks the bad will and mess of many recent satirical films, but its mind and satire are less effective for it. This is the most fun satire ever made of bureaucracy, except for "Kind Hearts and Coronets", my personal favorite among the comedies of Ealing. 10/10
