It is true that Danny Steinmann's The Unseen is a simplified horror terrier with a very predictable plot, no concrete attempts to twist or surprise, which literally includes any cliché that the genre has highlighted for decades, but which may not necessarily do it bad film. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this shrouding, yet intense, small 80's shock function that mainly benefited from a handful of brutal images and even shining casting. Beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and two of her equally attractive friends are traveling to a small California to shoot a documentary at the anniversary festival, but their hotel forgot to register their reservation. When they search for a place to stay, the trio gets overly friendly, but suspicious to the curator of the museum, Ernest Keller, who calls the girls to stay in their distant rural mansion. One by one, the girls experience that Keller and her extremely introverted and submissive sister Victoria hide the blind and murderous secret of their house. "Invisible" can easily be described as a cheap and finally perverse merger of the horror classic "Psycho" and "Texas Chainsaw Massacre". The plot is a series of familiar topics that became infamous and immensely imitated because of these two films, such as the secrets of a twisted family in the basement, voyeurism, crazy inbred killers, and the very unpleasant treatment of chickens. However, I do not consider them to be negative comments because "The Unseen" is a completely modest and modest thriller, which has probably never been the greatest horror of the decade. Although the plot's abandonment is quite fast, the director Steinmann has tried to keep the secret, keeping the house "evil" unaware of the title. The election choices and acting performances are really the ones that raise it to a higher than average sleeping place. Sydney Lassick, who is immortalized, because his role is too anxious psychiatric patient, Charley Cheswick, who is "One Flying Over Cuckoo's Nest", is a truly perfect choice for Ernest Keller. His persistent friendliness and almost naturally the perverted look is just what he needs. Also, Stephen Furst, who is finally out of sight, gives an excellent result as "Junior". He looks and acts like an authentic person with disabilities and his attempts at the basement near Jennifer to really fret. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable yet strong 80's film, which definitely promises to exploit the 70's for fans and generally strange things.
