Get this movie if at all possible. Barbara Bach's performance is really good, nice (and incredibly clean), but creepy old house cinema and beautiful virtuoso production? "Invisible". I chose a copy of this movie because I was interested in seeing Bach more than I just saw "The Spy Who Loved Me." I love genuinely classically beautiful actors and appreciate them even if they can do little. So: let's start with a nice fresh assumption. TV reporter Bach walks a boy and goes to California, Solvang, a festival that celebrates his Swedish ancestor, placing a great folk party. He brings a cameraman who is his sister and another companion. (Late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister and if you know who the celebrities are, all these women are married, it's just too funny that Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Ms. Dennis Wilson) go down the street with a sister's quarrel .)) Anyway ?? Bach's satisfied beau follows Solvang because he has not claimed to be with him. There are still many feelings between them, but he does not want him to look at his infantry career. Ladies arrive in Solvang to do the tasks for their station, but somebody else gave them to find their reservations. (Maybe Bach's boyfriend, think about it? Where's he?). Gals are asking, but there's just nowhere to go. Trying to mistake the old hotel, which is currently serving only the museum, they are trying, for their own sake, Mr Keller (late Sidney Lassick), who decides to be a gentleman and carry them home, demanding his wife. happy to receive them. Oh no! The next thing we know is that Keller whispered to his wife a phone call warning her of coming and threatening her company to play better. Problem in paradise! Women want to stay in Solvang and shoot at the scene and interview the Swedes, but one of the girls doesn't feel good. Bach and Lamm miss him, thinking of Mrs. Keller (who played heartily with beautiful Lelia Goldoni) who looks like she just lost her best ball. Speaking of what? During weather conditions, Vicki slips his clothes down and gets into a nice hot tub, not realizing that Keller has taken his room to check the opening. She hears her, thinks she's come to bed linen, and calls her to thank her. Lassick did a great job in this scene, expressing the old ridiculous tom of fat that didn't get long enough. After he leaves, Vick falls into a poor bed, but he pulls it really fast (in a really decent, frightening action) something BIG that has obviously broken through the lattice on the floor, invisible! The sheep goes home (Bach has finished his argument with his beau) and can't find anyone in the house. He captures the plate in the kitchen, collects his hands and knees, the hair and the modern scarf attractively draws over the black floor net? unbelief to lure again! Well, about the time the poor Sheep has become silent in her kitchen, we will kick back Mr Keller's past and get a full story of what his sick, sadistic background really is and why his wife doesn't smile a lot. Bach finally gets home and wants to know where his friends are. Meanwhile, Lassick has learned that his crying wife has been killed in the afternoon and decides that he cannot let Bach reveal his home secret. He tempts him in the basement, where the last tragedy of the Keller family finally opens to us all. <br /> <br /> I can't say enough to Stephen Furst whom I've never seen; it is obvious that he did his homework for this role, by studying brain-damaged communication methods and expression; Bach and Goldoni, each in their diverse ways, just give the film a luster. Not only that, but the film comes with a satisfactory resolution. No stupid cheap tips, eyeball rolling dialogue, or pathetically cut corners ... Your collection is a real affection.
