Dolph Lundgren is back! Detention marks Dolphs' first film in nearly 2 years and follows a late hidden action plan. This movie still stands for Dolphi's improvement over Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher's cheap trilogy. But this film is far below the Hidden Agenda standard, which was better in almost every respect. What Dolphi's previous trip to this film is a fun feeling for the cheese. The film has also rejuvenated Dolph as a big action and Dolph is good at seeing his tricks again. <br /> <br /> The movie's story is ridiculous and the main B-movie material. The former military officer is now a teacher and on his last day of study he is staying with some of Slovakia's bad guys who have taken over the school to take advantage of a large drug deal. The film has no originality, but this type of film must have fun for all clichés. If you take it too seriously, you'll find the audience a little enjoyable. Fortunately, filmmakers don't take questions too seriously, and with all the clichés of what you think and predictability, this film is as bad as an enjoyable way. Down is a pretty decent budget. A budget of about EUR 10 million is not well spent. It's all on screen with lots of carnage and big explosions, but many shootouts have no imagination. The opening action is fine, but after that the good moments rarely change. There are good moments. For example, you have car care through school corridors and a proper shootout at the beginning, with lots of destruction. The rest of the shootouts are quite mechanical, but there is a lot of work on the screen. <br /> <br /> Like cast. The hidden agenda was the best cast Dolph worked for ages. It was a good indicator for the DTV movie. But it has problems. Participants are usually bad. Bad guys are terrible, but leading bad is a kind of enjoyable pleasure, because Alex Karsis plays it both up and without any threat that can laugh with pure evil. Girls' teenagers are really good, but they play such clichés. They all hate authority, each other, and all have bad attitudes and, of course, they are finally learning important life lessons, but in general they are decent and Chris Collins is particularly pleased. However, this movie is about Dolphi. Although this film is not close to its best, it is not at its worst. It also marks a turning point in your career. He is now in good shape and is even better off with his next Direct Action movie. Dolph looks enthusiastically here, doing all his tricks, and it is good to see that he is still playing a typical man (slow, one-liner and handling big weapons) as his parents still do. less affection and imagination than clicked movies like Army Of One. It's good to see Dolphi's effort. His last eight years of films have seen Dolph look a bit tired, and using doubles (he still makes all the struggles himself), but the new smooth Dolph seems like it up. <br /> <br /> It is generally traceable if only the cheese value and Dolphi are the primary mode of action. No surprise, but it has a ridiculously intuitive charm. **
