This is, in my opinion, a great entertaining movie with cool characters, lots of action and amazing Dolph Lundgren, but Alex Karzis is terrible as a villain! The story is very good and I found the kids are mostly nice, and Dolph Lundgren is just amazing at that! Active scenes are great, and it's almost like Die Hard, except when it's set for school !, plus Kata Dobó is very threatening and sexy like a sidekick! The final is very exciting and he also has a couple of cool emotional moments, but I just wanted it to have another villain, because Alex Karzis just didn't cut it as a scar too OTT and ridiculous to my taste. I think it should be greater than 4.1 because I thought it was a great action movie, and while the kids were sometimes very stupid, they got pretty inventive because the movie went by! ! The end is very fun and Corey Sevier's character was my favorite student! This is, in my opinion, a great entertainment movie with cool characters, lots of action and amazing Lundgren! The direction is very good!. Sidney J. Furie is doing a great job here with amazing camera work, good angles and keeps the movie at a very fast pace! There's little blood and violence. We get a lot of extremely bloody wounds, a knife on the head, a bloody arrow, impaling and other small things. Action is awesome! Dolph Lundgren is amazing as always and is amazing here, he is extremely pleasing, hitting this ass as usual, having great chemistry with children, had a fantastic character, is very charismatic and he may not show great emotional rage, he was still much fun watch !, he's one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren Rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis is a terrible god, as a villain; Kata Dobó is very sexy, because the side shot is very good, what she had to do, she was a real villain! Corey Sevier is funny as Mick, he was my favorite student, and I started warming him in the second half, I liked it a lot! Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) all make great students. Jennifer Baxter is very cute and is good as a bride. the rest of the casting is doing well. In general I recommend it!. *** 1/2 out of five
