Jeopardy is a tight, satisfying thriller that is higher than B but not really big for production. It qualifies as an almost experimental film, as its studio, Metro, desperately sought out new movies, stars and directors to compete with the new television environment. Director John Sturges was an uplifter whose best years were ahead. He had only recently started managing A-level films and had already proven himself as the most capable craftsman. The stars of Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker were at very different stages of their career. Stanwyck's glorious years were behind him and he could still wear the film as he proves. Barry Sullivan, as his wife, was one of a dozen leading men who started in the forties, who did not achieve the success many had hoped for. He was a subtle, low-key actor, ready, but with an upper middle, not an upper-class way that made him great in professional roles. As a fugitive convicted who is the only person to escape Sullivan's life (he is under the trap, and the tide), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than usual. This great actor was unsuccessful after Brando and Clift for movies. He was such a good actor as none of them, but he lacked charisma. His talks with Stanwyck, who are reaching their demanding sex for rescuing their spouse (just like it is in 1953), makes an intriguing assumption that, if it had been a different film, would all be able to grow up. interesting questions about Stanwyck's character. Meeker is really more exciting than Sullivan; and his scenes with him Stanwyck is more lively than his wife and son. But because it is a false image, not a Strindberg game, the possibility that Stanwyck might want to be thrown away has not yet been investigated, ignoring the opposition of his wife. In this sense, the incoming tide is not a big influence, even though the film remains tense and very entertaining thanks to excellent action, fine location photography, almost all outdoor conditions and disgracefully undervalued Mr.. Sturges.
