Like many serial pilots, Dark Angels show great potential and a small problem that can find their feet. Not that it is somehow unusual, but it feels that it could have worked better if the story was a little tense and focused. In today's world, where something has to be instantly detained or lifted, the series made itself a little unhealthy because it didn't come at least half-focused, all the weapons burning. <br /> <br /> Ninety Minute Pilot It seems that two episodes are glued together and both episodes have a focus. In the first half of the year, we will introduce Max and fill it in. We also get some interesting routines using Maxi's ability to win bets, interact with PIs, or sort the internal problems of co-workers. The problem is that it is not normal for a person to have a normal set of genes on television or otherwise. <br /> <br /> This is when we hit the other side to get the story target and focus. On the two sides, Max pays attention to a pirate journalist who feels that the mission to save the world is saving one dirty dealer at once. In the second half, the consequences come with him and Max is reluctant to clear the resulting confusion. This creates a prerequisite for the rest of the series and it works, but it's not a real click if you get my meaning. It's like most of the pieces are there, but the couple who make a full picture are excluded. Maybe they will fill in later episodes, but it's next to the point. The fact is that the content of this episode was easy to say in twenty-eight minutes. <br /> <br /> The last one is that many of the support is completely loose. Especially the original Cindy is outrageous and I doubt it changed in the next twenty episodes. Although not as bad as daily soap, it is not as good as I praise it. Jessica Alba is not the worst actor in the world, but she won't be short because it is convincing when the story needs the least. The good news is that the assumptions and production values ​​are all over it. In fact, this series was considered rather expensive to produce and it is quite regrettable that it was canceled to replace it with another show that does not last the whole season. Especially when there was enough time for both exhibitions - they could just have canceled one of the unpleasant rubbish pieces they shook under the TV banner of reality. The fact is that more examples are needed to draw attention, such as Dark Angel, where imagination is used instead of congestion. <br /> <br /> First, I gave the Dark Angel pilot ten decades. It never rises above the level of television and it never got the chance to live the potential it shows during its working hours. But there is potential, and this is often all about pilots.
