I highly recommend this movie! And I recommend this personally to your friends and family here and abroad! It was exciting to expect that I just ordered it online, I enjoyed it so much! It's not over until February / March 2008, but it's expected! But first go and see it in the cinema if you can. The movie movie experience is not quite the same! The requirement that the local cinema puts it in! I went to London tonight to see "Seachd, the inaccessible pinacle" and I was really impressed. It's a marvel: a really beautiful film set in the Scottish Highlands: you laugh, you cry, you are moved differently, you are interested, and when the story is in the north, you're amazed by this revelation. <br /> <br /> This movie is in English Scottish Gaelic with subtitles, but don't let it be harmed if you are not a Gaelic speaker: I'm just the beginning and my son is not, nor many people today, and it didn't break this in some way! Students are not enough! Photography is great - there are no CGIs and the film is better - here is real photography! The script is both skilfully and delicately written. The multilayer plot carries the magical art of ancient storytellers. The music is sometimes rushing, sometimes haunted, but always adds to the atmosphere. And the actor? ... it's a look ... and actors? ... they are the true weavers of this wonderful, but deep movie, especially the two main actors: "Padruig-the-young" and "Padruig-the-elder" (The real bard, once it was!) load! And the direction? Be Richard! And the manufacturer who is responsible for financing, hiring key personnel and organizing distributors? Well done task! I hope you ensure that distribution goes to our communities abroad! And the Gaelic Community? Uill, without you, it wouldn't have happened! We were told that this film was made with a small budget, but you do not know it, and I think it may be very good, because for what they could lack in money, they are more than for the richness of the heart. and the warmth and cooperation of the local Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> Congratulations to everyone interested in making and sponsoring "Seachd" - Mòran! (Thank you very much!) From Gels to the World! World of Gaels!
