The incredible documentary hit all the innocent chaos and misery of NYC in the 11th century innocent morning. Intense, personal and full riveting, 9/11 is perhaps the biggest documentary ever made in an accident, which gives it even more appeal. Until this morning, filmmakers Gideon and Jules Naudet had been watching the New York firefighter team, focusing specifically on one new recruiter, a small piece they shot to deal with the tough training for firefighters. Together with the crew who is filming another simple routine cleaning in the morning, Jules will lift his camera into the sky just to record one of the only known images of the first plane hit by the World Trade Center, and there was no more documentary. <br /> <br /> Viewers will be given a first glimpse of what was on and around the ground, such as an amazing group of firefighters and one deeply confused operator trying to navigate this disaster. Without hesitation, Naudet follows these automatically programmed heroes' towers, while all their support is crumbling around them. The raw fear of an unknown, intimidating doom becomes more viable if every fancy product ever could be heard, if we look less and less to hear and see to those inside. Almost as memorable is the sincere occupation of the older brother Gideon with the greater and more striking fear of the whole city, which they witnessed together. By the time we see another tower collapse, as a cameraman protects himself from apocalyptic debris, we have to rinse all of the dust out of the captured film material amazingly. <br /> <br /> Obviously, filmmakers deserve only as much credit as they do in the right place at the right time to document such an extraordinary event, although two brothers can only admire their exceptional adaptation to such an event; In some desperate minutes, we see that they change like the firefighters they document - just to save lives, they knew they had to save the material, even if it cost them safety. <br /> <br /> After viewing 9/11 and seeing it appear in 2002, I feel much more annoyed by Oliver Stone's recent transfer, the big budget World Trade Center. Many had criticized this film, which has unknowingly reduced the focus on two survivors who trapped in the rubble, and although I enjoyed this film for this small and sentimental Hollywood focus, all but made the film totally outdated. Not only does this completely captivating film material remain the only final compilation of that day, but the overwhelming transfer of motifs ensures that this documentary has all the heart and character necessary to re-sensitize the event.
