All in all, the documentary is impossible with a few words. Each body fiber will tell you that it will not happen immediately after the quick fires open until the last picture of Ground Zero cleaning, but every frame is real. The story was thought by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (pronounced "Nau-Day") want to make a documentary about New York firefighters, starting with the academy's "beginner" and following him during a nine-month probationary period with a full firefighter. Using your close friend, actor James Hanlon (36), actor and firefighter help at Station 1, Engine 7, Funet will run through the Academy's "Evidence" and find it, Tony Benetakos, to focus on most of his documentaries <br /> /> Tony becomes a butt of jokes and slowly learns the station's life through its close family members. Firefighters are unconvinced of "Evidence". This is that they are either "White Clouds" or "Black Clouds", which means that for the latter, "Problem" is followed by all kinds of fires. The first means that there is a very small fire, but one day the mother of all the fires. Tony is a "white cloud". After some initial pain, Tony lives in a fire as if he were an experienced vet. Then unthinkable happens .... <br /> <br /> September 11, 2001, a clear blue sky and early morning call to see what a gas leak from Wall Street is. Because Jules has had little camera experience, Gideon tells his younger brother a camera and tells him that he is driving the chief editor of T. K. Pfeiffer. When arriving at about 8:42, firefighters start using their gas sensors on the grid. Then sudden roaring, which seems to be a low flying plane, hangs in front of the scene and as Jules is put on, we see the first strike of the day. American Airlines flights 11 break into the face of 1 World Trade North Tower. Pfeiffer orders men to fire the engine and drive the World Trade Center. From there, Jules asks the editor of the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet to stay close to her. When inside, the full effect of a growing disaster will be shown by the men whose sole purpose is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the fire arm and walk to the striking area. If he is there, he will hit the United Airlines Flight 175 with 2 World Trade. He knows Jules is inside the tower with Chief Pfeiffer. Looking and capturing the crowd's reaction to the unimaginable, Gideon begins to record the growing fear of Lower Manhattan. Inside the tower, Jules carries the world's last view or its loved ones, its sons, fathers, uncles, grandfathers, husbands, boys, friends one by one, every firefighter carrying a 60-pound machine, starts a long heavy climb up to 80 tracks of injured and trapped. Jules also catches the last glimpse of Chief Pfeiffer from his brother Kevin when he leaves for his self-conscious duty. Captured bodies also have crash points that hit the sidewalks of the victims to jump from higher floors above the impact zones, earlier than deaths with flames and smoke. But Jules is respectful, he never misses his sensational moment ... money. His work is professional through his baptism. He also hits the tower's two-point garbage sight when it is hit by another plane and ordered by the way firefighters evacuated the civilians from the building. Then Jules is caught in the collapse of the Southern Tower and the first official victim is taken: Father Michael Judd, Fire Chaplain. When Jules and Chief Pfeiffer take the tower out of the two collapses, the tower begins its structural collapse. <br /> <br /> What results are breathtaking, a ground-level view of Ground Zero like Jules and Gideon to document this day. Do not know if either is alive, everyone is worried about the worst. As each firefighter arrives at the fire, they greet each other with joyful hugs as they come back. Jules and Gideon are reunited at one point when they are overwhelming. As Jules shouts at his brother's shoulder, Gideon grabs his younger brother, because Hanlon is making filmmakers' subject. There is one awful moment when Tony Benetakos, who left the station with a former leader, is thought to have disappeared ... but returns to the flip, this "Probie" has proved himself. <br /> <br /> Shown in just three breaks, 9/11 is an amazing achievement for documentaries. It rises with Hindenburg film, showing history at the time it is developing. The Applet is praised for the inadequate handling of this issue. Less inclined is the tendency to be sensational, but the Bethes are limiting their eyes to dignity and compassion. In Hanlon's speech, we can feel our words by taking an audience through the events of September 11th. Robert De Niro organizes the program in an amazing, restrained manner. She never asks for a camera in her own honor, but she sets up the scenes you see. I also applaud CBS for their courage for its special encouragement. He was astonished to grasp the ratings of these aspirations, because they make them move towards the emotions of the killed relatives. It must be visible to everyone who needs to be reminded of true heroism. It doesn't mean basketball racing or selling hate texts ... 9/11 is the best for humanity. Heroism is the best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
