My roommate had bought this documentary and invited me to look at it. He came from China and only heard about 9/11 and wanted to know the cold hard truth and he wanted me to tell him more about the documentary. I felt terrible about this documentary, it was like reviving a nightmare and it still brings tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> But I'm very grateful to watch this documentary since September 11, I'm sure we all remember where we were and what we did when we heard, we all can think only for certain questions: "Why?", "How?", "What's going on?", "Oh, my God!". Almost all Americans were grateful for courageous firefighters and policemen who risked their lives to save others. But I don't think we thought what they actually did. It didn't really have to be a documentary from 9/11, a cameraman just filmed the usual day, and they just happened a few quarters away from World Trade Centers and got everything outside and inside, on September 11, I thought it was okay, the police and firefighters get to survive. To be honest, I thought it was an accident, I was at my younger high school years and I changed to a gym and I was preparing for my science class. Someone came to the dressing room where he cried, "A building was bombarded in New York!" We all got dressed quickly and ran into our classrooms when we looked at the first tower-burning tower. Not only 15 seconds later, the second World Trade Center for the airplane lives on television and we knew it was not an accident. After a few minutes we heard about the Pentagon and the plane was in Chicago but was shot down. So many thoughts ran through our heads and I thought, "What are firefighters and policemen?". But I thought their procedure was known to them. The first tower collapsed, we knew so many lives were lost, another tower fell, things would never be the same. These documentary firefighters showed courage, confusion and power, true raw material for human emotions. They didn't know what to do, they were as tough as those in the towers. They heard people jumping out of the window collapsed. And here I was in a classroom that just wept that I saw everyone on the TV. I was surprised at this movie and just wanted to go to New York and tell them how grateful they are to all Americans for their help. I know they feel they are just doing their job, but they did more, they were heroes. Every day after September 11, they held a three-week excavation, knowing that there were no survivors, but they continued to hope and pray. God bless your kind and courageous cores. <br /> <br /> As for my roommate, she wept and admitted that it was her first time for these attacks. He got to see the truth about this tragic day. He asked, "Why?" I didn't know what to say, it breaks my heart that people can be such evil. "It sounds like a click," but it was a common day for everyone, "said a firefighter in a documentary, no one was waiting for it. even just where the other went, they were not murdered, killed, and these hijackers did it with a heart-to-heart song. Then see all the people in the Middle East who are celebrating why people do it? They celebrated death and loss: mothers, fathers , sisters, brothers, friends, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, etc. Why? So, thanks to these people for making this documentary. all these people, you are our heroes. <br /> <br /> 10/10
