Super-slippery entertainment with starry stars, outstanding scripts and a solid grip on the upcoming 1950s. At that time, RKO turned to tens of classical knights. But regardless of the value of their shady subspecies, they soon reflected the mood of wartime to give Eisenhower an era of sunnier weather. Few films from the 40's will go beyond that ring or more to the decade of a future consumer than sassy little comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as Madison Ave adman. where he sells things he doesn't need in the words of his little daughter at prices they can't afford. He earns good money, but like thousands of others, he is tired of living in a narrow city "cave". So with their wife, Myrnah Loy, they're going out of a dream house in Connecticutt. Needless to say, nature's weapons get them more than they wanted and fun in fashion. <br /> <br /> There is hardly any lifeless line in the script. I don't know if writers Panama and Frank got an Oscar, but they should have. Naturally, humor revolves around all the problems that arise when people in the city build a big house in the countryside. The interference is almost as fast as the mortgage, with all the eccentric types showing the construction show and giving Grant a hard time. Of course, no one will be annoyed or disappointed more humorously than Grant, so it's just one well placed to laugh after another, especially if the locked closet appears to be its own spiritual mind. Yet it seems strange that the film does not have a comedic high point. Instead, laughter is placed so expertly that they do not exceed a particular moment. This is a true film triumph for any era. <br /> <br /> After 60 years back, we will see how the ideas of scripts look rather than behind. With his living servant, Blandings may not be a typical American family, but post-war migration from narrow cities to a vast suburb was typical. And the more adventurous work for future consumption than Blandings as an "ad-man" whose job is to find more attractive ways to sell more "ham". More than anything, but there is sunny optimism in the movie. Oh, sure, sometimes you feel like it, but the belief that a better future is on the horizon when Blandings just sticks to their dreams will carry them out. Indeed, life had to improve for many people during the upturn, so I expect the film to resonate deeply with that day's audience. This is what just looked over the subtitle, and it is also a value of entertainment that makes this film the main comedy announcement of the postwar period. <br /> <br /> So if you haven't seen it, catch it next time.
