I was one of many who thought I saw a glorious, Yankee-doodle dandy image of a day that (as is well known) should live rather infamous than glory. When I was wrong. These men were there, right in the middle of it, and the images returned by them are both amazing and heartbeat. And it all happened on a trip to the World Trade Center that took place on September 11, 2001. Two French filmmakers produced a documentary about the life of a NY fireman, especially from the perspective of a young rookie. coming through rank. In the beginning, we see a lot of this material, but remind us that creating a movie about terrorism was not worth it. It was supposed to be a film that talks about other ordinary people who earn a fair life, and the beauty of the film is that it never loses that edge. the memory is somewhat blurry), we hear a plane suddenly. The camera is put up to expose a commercial jet that breathes into one tower. What does the operator have to think about now? Recognizing the importance of video footage, the camera stays on and maybe the same thing will allow the FDNY to monitor the camera. <br /> <br /> Below is a real front view. We see FDNY's commitment, their reactions (stunned silence after the first person to death to death) and the collapse of one building from the inside, while the other camera takes the event if it wasn't a terrible event they covered, the only dream of a filmmaker's dream. Just keep filming all the time. But what really changes this film is the true humanity it brings to the viewer. We see that firefighters are unchallenged by people of different races who help each other to escape the crushing wave and even the concerns of filmmakers against each other (they are brothers) because they are unable to get to one another in confusion. In this movie, there are both amazing sights and amazing human stories that Hollywood can never copy (even if it tries). <br /> <br /> 9/11 is not about politics. Nor is it a film of religion, nationality, or even jihad. 9/11 is a movie about people and a real reference to the best and worst we can. 9/11 is just one of the most important films I've ever seen, and that would be the only movie that comes out of this event if it were up to me to decide. You can't duplicate it.
