At the same time as the baby boom began, World War II saw years of unprecedented emigration from Americans who moved from their city apartments to suburbs where they could fulfill their dreams of own home ownership. Director: H.C. Potter and Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas") have produced a lightweight but surprisingly attentive 1948 screw soccer comedy that takes the time well. Of course, this trio of expert enthusiasts will help? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and especially acerbic Melvyn Douglas ?? directs the procedure with its natural probability, contrary to the increasing disappointment of the household. Although the film is now 60 years old, Blanding's dream and the obstacles they face are timeless in quality. Obviously, Hollywood thinks that since it has been rebuilt at least twice, first of all, it is a very physical comedy by Tom Hanks, the 1986 "The Money Pit", and again last year with Ice Cube "Are We Done Yet?". One look at the HGTV programming schedule shows you how the situations studied here are still resonating. <br /> <br /> The plot begins with advertiser Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel, and their two daughters, in a narrow two-bedroom bath in Manhattan. Instead of continuing Muriel's idea of ​​renovating an apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a photo of Connecticut's house magazine and realizes that this is where they need to move. With the help of the porcelain real estate agent Bill Cole and their lawyer and family member, Blandings decides to buy a ramshackle house that needs improvement. But then the foundation is so bad that the house has to be cut off for a new one. This creates a blow for Blandings to push the architect to create a house that is too heavy, the second floor being twice the size of the first floor. The cost of each new complication increases, glowing burns and even a romantic triangle, Jim, Muriel and Bill. Priorities, in turn, sort themselves out, but not before the funny scenes and clever dialogues that seem to be the unhappy ignorance of the new home owners. <br /> <br /> With double-shot and flawless line breaks, Grant's unmistakable farce of this type and Jim Blandings represents his more domesticated mid-career. Originally intended for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was Hollywood's perfect woman. She doesn't get many funny lines, but she combines her specialty with flying and tasting to make Muriel attractive. Learn how to maneuver your house with a painter in an absurdly idiosynthetic color palette. Mullyn Douglas shows his natural, simple move, such as the Grant's foil, like the Bill, Bill Cole. Smaller roles are expertly filled, especially by Harry Shannon as laconic miner, Mr Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as official assistant to Jim, and Louise Beaver as Booming's lovable servant Gussie. The 2004 DVD offers some intriguing vintage materials, including two versions of the film - the first 1949 version, which ended the binding of Grant and Dunne and then the second 1950 binding Grant with his wife, actor Betsy Drakega. The most suitable 1949 comic book "The House of Tomorrow" has also given us a comic tour in a futuristic dream house. The extras are the original theatrical trailers of ten Grant film classic.
