The Japanese Tomo Akiyama Keko mask (1993) is an extremely enjoyable trash can and so fun to watch! There are also some queues, but I haven't seen them because these movies are hyper-sharp. Reopening a few days would be nice because I think many trash lovers would like these movies. The cranberry is about one extremely rigorous school where teachers think students are being tortured to achieve discipline, which is, according to teachers, the most important education. The school is run by an incredibly funny looking (look only costume!) Human wizard / whatever is at school, and it only adds to the camp that never explains why he wears such costume, because all other teachers are usually dressed. Well, the main thing about the movie is his name, Keko Mask, who is a beautiful and disguised fairy, who must always save the girls and the students who are tainted and tortured by the teachers! Yes, this superhero is one effective female when she strikes and fights with the evil teachers who play a completely cheesy soundtrack in the background. Of course, the most important thing is that he carries something but is naked elsewhere! His identity is never shown in these films, as well as the credit "Keko Mask: Unknown" when the names of the actors are listed! <br /> <br /> In this movie, the most fun thing is how Keko's mask kills his enemies. She has a great but deadly vagina! Yes, you read. He kills his victims in front of them, flying in the air, spreading their feet and letting the enemies take in the spectacular views, after which he flies closer and clicks on his neck! The most common last line that characters in this movie say is: "I've never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "Now I can die in peace." This movie is absolutely fantastic! <br /> <br /> There are also great cheats on Japanese society, such as his attitude to sex movies (Japanese censors optically mist / all pubic hair in every film), and there are some limitations among schoolchildren (like girls and boys in this movie, etc.) . One big scene where one nerd sees the girls' bare knowledge for the first time, and says, "Hey, that's it!" I couldn't laugh at this scene when I thought about what the Japanese censors think about it. Finally, one sign says he will return when Japanese films make a sequel. I am pleased that this is allowed when I have heard that the aftermath is just as cruel. One order should include Blues Brothers (yes, THOSE Blues Brothers!) Etc. <br /> <br /> This is the most enjoyable, fun, and smartest form of trash, making it very difficult to find these movies. This would certainly be an even greater experience if it occasionally moves a little faster, because at one point it becomes a little boring, but fortunately these segments are very little. This movie has to be seen with utmost credibility, because there are so many trash bin that I don't mention here, and it wouldn't even be necessary for them to talk to everyone. If you like trash cans and movies made with languages ​​on the very cheeks, I think you love this little legacy as I and the director are definitely a genius in this area! 8/10 Maybe the only movie where a bright vagina is deadly?
