I borrowed this movie despite its very low rating because I wanted to see how the team can enliven the existence of many worlds. In fact, they weren't - at least it seemed. Sometimes the film was quite uncomfortable - that's what most viewers think. However, the surprise will finally come, unfortunately, when most of the viewers have already stopped the movie. I was also surprised to see that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this film means "Voyage to Death". It's a spoiler. <br /> <br /> Because this movie is a young girl who goes to ALONE on this boat (for totally unclear reasons), you only understand within the last 5 minutes. When you start the movie in English with the title "Haunted Boat", you must clearly think that the fragments of strange figures are "ghosts". In fact, this film is not similar to most of the other horror films spoken from a distance from the writer-observer, who at almost any time differentiate between different levels of reality, it is said from a young girl's perspective. We see him not alone, but with four friends because he sees them. We don't see that he is alone. So, parallel worlds are not blinking images in image streams, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: a world where a girl is and a world with four friends. The third world invasion is probably a young man whose medical skills are on the boat in a short time. <br /> <br /> I can't get rid of the deep conviction that the filmmakers "cheated" the audience of several thousand people, giving them the chance to believe that what they've done is a more or less teenage film educator who works fast "Selected" with pseudo-actors who have met at least twelve beers at night before shooting. How can it be wrong! But in addition to this great surprise that can only be learned at the last minute, the next ending will give another surprise. The girl rescues the team in a helicopter and another boat. Once he has recovered from his shock, he will again visit the harbor where he and his four friends rose from the boat. And there they are again! They will ship them to them from a boat that has already left the shore. He jumps into the water, arrives at the boat - and they are away. Wonderfully beautiful. It remembers me a bit until the end of Rhetoromance's writer's poem: When I woke up, I saw Death stood in my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again - he was gone.
