Funky, but the strictly second-rate British glam-rock band Strange Fruit breaks down in the late 1970s. Individual members of the band go their way and uncomfortably into the middle age of the 90's, insane and unsuccessful: hungry keyboard Stephen Rea crushes tireless and lucky, vain, neurotic, pretentious singer Bill Nighy tries (and fails) to continue sliding solo development, paranoid drummer Timothy Spall lives in a distant farm in a vague way so that he can avoid paying high refunds on debts, and bass player Jimmy Nail installs a living on the roofs. The former loving group turned to patience, understanding, long-term leader Juliet Aubrey gets back to the group to become undesirable, largely ineffective and hilariously harmed twenty years later for a nostalgic meeting in Europe. Our lovingly dirty bunch tries to play but worships again a flame that burned quite brightly back. Scraggly Zoned-Out Roadie Billy Connelly and the brisk eager beaver young guitarist Hans Matheson tag with an amazingly humpy, painstaking but ultimately rewarding and enjoyable ride. <br /> <br /> Director Brian Gibson shows tremendously infectious respect and respect both in his shamefully complicated characters and in his loud, ringing, flamboyantly overblown rocks in the 70s, it seeps into a loving little pip that has a totally enthralling charm and tireless charm. Stylish, sharply written scripts from Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais brushed on the ground with dry spirit and finely observed joyful moments on the road to failure, capturing some bittersweetly influential and often surprising vibe that gives the picture irresistibly luminescence. . Ashley Rowe's lovely, elegant cinematography ensures that the film always looks quite visually rich, while completely memorable and brisk music does it with the right rockin and aplomb. The fabric has also been in terrible performances that reach the burnt soul and split, but still in the heart of the past, its main thing has been dirty stone clothes desperate to restore its last glory in one last offer of great success. All in all, this radiant and touching pearl is higher than the true seriocomic sleeping place of the 90s.
