Opening a review may be a bit flawed by describing the film in terms of other films, but I think that is the best way to bring the elections to the gangsters genre in order to bring them closer together. It works somewhere between the godfather and Kinji Fukasaku yakuza opus The Yakuza Papers (AKA battles without honor and humanity) as it is both romantic and realistic, dark and sharp. But it is also Johnnie To, and as such, it carries a special touch of the Hong Kong author. <br /> <br /> Every two years HK Triad chooses a new boss. Only this time, one of the candidates is not too satisfied with the result, so he decides to pick up things to irritate the other triads and the police. This is a short story, but sure it goes a lot more. Like Yakuza Papers, there are many schemes, rollback, form creation and exchange (sometimes all this is a phone call - one of the most memorable scenes I've seen lately) that may not necessarily be a deep drama, but makes an interesting plot and good character conflict. The fans of the Gangster genre are likely to appreciate this in this respect. Elections are not as action-oriented as expected; although it is violent. And I'm not talking about the shiny glamor version of Hollywood violence. It's dark and grim. The cameras that suffer from human scenes are cruel in a way that exposes the humanity and inhumanity of both criminals and victims; after violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you know the style of Too, you should know what to expect. Stimulation is relatively slow and deliberate. Cinematic art is large, slippery and dark in equal measures, using dark shades (brown, dark green, and orange), while smooth tracking shots give it vivid quality. Finally, the elections occupy a peculiar place. It's not exactly character training and it's not an action-oriented gangster movie. He examines the situation (elections and its consequences), but does it in style and is both realistic and romantic (especially the trio ceremonies of the Oriental godfather).
