One cannot deny that Hak Se Wui (English) is a well-made and thoughtful film. The film uses a number of smart identification components that play modernity, but remain with the tradition? The whole movie, featuring John Woo's Hong Kong movies packed and up in his explosive content, as Hard Boiled (1992) showed, and when Hong Kong films are in rhythms that tell the story "from a bad point of view, they can sometimes beat and become simply unmemorable, a good example of City is Fire (1987). <br /> <br /> Elections are a film that is memorable because it is a fact of its unpredictable scenes. spontaneous action and violence, done in a realistic and tasteful way (if it is the right word), as well as wisely little parts of filmmaking. It is difficult to note during the viewing, but the election is indeed structured on some of the three factor structures: the first problem is related to actual elections and with whom? not everyone likes the decision, but what the people say. The other thing is to take out an ancient bat from China, that the demand for tradition must be present during the inauguration, the last third being after the inauguration. Needless to say; Certain events and turns occur every three thirds, some are small and irrelevant, while some are much larger and remarkable. <br /> <br /> There are some mistakes in the election when the majority arrives at the third hole. In an attempt to kill the time that surrounds the elections, which only takes a few minutes, it was clearly a challenge for both writers and filmmakers, and it shows many points. I had the feeling that a certain scene started to go before the police stopped, and then everyone gets arrests. This happens a couple of times: there is a fight in the restaurant, but there is the police and everything is arrested; there is a secret meeting between the triads, but the police appear and everyone is arrested; some other Triads have a pre-election speech, but the police show and think what? <br /> <br /> When a movie gets out of this square, so I think it would, it uses a holy baton as a plot device to get everyone moving. Baton twists some good scenes in the fight, such as a truck search after it's hotwired, another chase of a motorcycle and a kung-fu struggle with street weapons? Scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but as I said, they are "tasteful". When the election really comes up, his attention is to this fine detail. When the triplets are in jail, the bars are covered with wire, indicating that they are all animals in the cages, so that they behave out of conflict. Another fine detail on the detail is how Uncles roasts the tea and not the alcohol, lifting himself over other headgangs who would like to use Long Good Friday, and also referring to the Chinese way of drinking to celebrate or commemorate. br /> <br /> Elections are good films that are well structured to enjoy and a movie that has a fantastic Mass scene when you look at what's going on. Some indoor settings and clothes are increasing and buckets of styled molds for searching and tracking the cable. Opening is like another short film fully and very well integrated into the film; clues to Chinese tradition in the process. I feel that the best scene is the end scene, because it summarizes it perfectly: two shifting characters are fishing and discussing triad governance all the time, staying realistic, unpredictable and violent: of course, of course.
