When I think of cheeses as guilty of entertaining films, the first thing I think is the slip of the 80s. Really bad slipping. A formulaic movie type where all the necessary scripts were 2 parts blood and several parts nudity to get done. <br /> <br /> Flash on in the late 90s / early 00s. Sloher flick has been revived with the success of the 1996 Scream. As in the 1980s, these films were formidable, hiding the lack of inspiration by marking themselves as "hips, flames burned into tongues" from the clips of the original flaps. This recent "hip parody" of the combination of neo-slasher rails is the only one worth seeing, with a low budget direct video "Cut". <br /> <br /> Like most other "new" slasher flicks, "Cut" relies on slasher flick production, in which case the fictional 1985 movie "Hot Blooded" to make this genre comment. "Hot Blooded" never produced a production because someone kills a killer mask, Scarman, a bald figure that the mouth sewed near and dark in the eyes of the students. Now, 12 years later, the group of film students whose professor participated in production decided to go to the vaults, touch the original surviving actor and finish the film. But every time a movie is viewed or a scene is made, "Scarman" returns and someone dies. To quote a tag, do they stop the movie before they finish? <br /> <br /> It all sounds really halban and to some extent it is (really, is there anything good slasher flick?). There is no character formation (the "new" director has shown that she is the daughter of the "Hot Blooded" original director, whose life was apparently destroyed after the production was canceled, it would have been the perfect detail to work on. once mentioned), and like all other cluster clips, there are just too many bodies that care about. The actors are not big, even by direct-video standards, but most are fun with their characters (and for those who don't, the inadvertent nature works because no movie character wanted to work "Hot Blooded"), especially who was happy to play Scarman. At the peak of "Cut" there is no big "who dunn" killing a killer like in "Scream" movies. It has no dark killings of "Urban Legend" movies. This is an original and interesting concept that is diluted "in such a way that we can write down when it sells well". But this is a parameter for the course. <br /> <br /> According to any reasonable viewing standard, this is a terrible movie that should be avoided, but this "quality" is what makes it root in the Slasher genre and makes it more enjoyable than any other neo slasher cocks.
