Twelve years ago, production stopped "hot blood" because almost everything in the kit was dead. Now a couple of film students have decided to end the film, despite hearing that the film is cursed. Well, they learn to know that some curses are real. <br /> <br /> When Scream appeared, every country seemed to want to pass on their success, even in Australia. The concept that is fatal today (slasher film in the film) was relatively cool and original at that time. This movie was released shortly before the city's legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (not in the US but in Australia), so it seemed like the first concept movie. When Urban Legends 2 appeared, most of us had grown up from the concept, and as the film wasn't even good, it began to destroy the film. Now, Cut is not the best slasher flick ever, and not trying to be. She knows it's rip-off, and they even put on a girl who looks like Neve Campbell's blonde version starring. But instead of trying to add a story to the new and original twists, they have decided to break about 80s of slaves like "Nightmare on Elm Street" and surprisingly it works. The killer is very horrible and this mask is just a killer! And instead of trying to scare the audience, they have created a very good and creepy atmosphere that keeps us out of the majority of the movie. In the film, there are a couple of holes in the plot that I couldn't completely ignore, the end being the biggest plot hole in the movie. Front Spoiler; I think they burned the only copy of the movie so that in hell they found out what they were showing in the last scene? It doesn't make sense to tell you. End of spoilers. All in all, Cut is a pretty horrible slip that is a stupid story, but I think it's one of the best Scream rip-offs that never made it big. I'm surprised that it never got a sequel, but I think it just came too late. <br /> <br /> Excitingly, Australia's slip flashes with very little intimidation. The cut is still a pretty clean film and I have to recommend it, although I think this story is pretty foolish because it is completely ridiculous.
