As with all Angelopoulos films, "Stork's paused step" implicitly requires the viewer to participate closely and intimately, which has certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. Dialogues are economical, without the monologues or exchanges eliminating the internal conflicts, doubts or feelings of the characters. The filmmaker prefers to keep viewers away from their emotional responses and force them to explore and explore the identity of the characters. As a result, the act is undervalued and indirect, not clear and clear. <br /> <br /> Action scenes are set between long thinking intervals where the viewer is invited to participate, to participate in the actor's psyche. As in the novel, where drama relies entirely on the author's letter to give a template where the reader's imagination and / or past experience flourishes, the drama of Angelopoulos stays on his pictures: his long shots, long shots, calm stimulation, sustainable dialogues that have become his trademark view the movie from your personal point of view. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture high-intensity moments, returning to the non-verbal language of gestures, pictures, sounds, and music when he believes that words can only take us so far. <br /> <br /> Music, Angelopoulos' long-term partner Eleni Karaindrou gives more than just a hidden background, but becomes a dramatic element. Much of the film is made up of exterior images in a subtle, modest color, recorded in drab-winter light. Angelopoulos introduces us to the "second Greece", which is far from tourism brochures from Greece, with essential blue plants and emeralds that sink into the eternal sun. Here the sky is covered and gray, the air is cold and blurry, and the pristine beaches have begun to replace the village with trampled, dirty snow. The Angelopoulos genius through the Arvaniid camera is throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "Stork's Stopped Step" is above all a political statement that addresses the socio-political situation in the Balkan region. in the twentieth century. It is deeply concerned about "borders" and those who are the victims of the confusion of nations. Wait for the "waiting room" that stands in front of the Albanian border, by political or other refugees who have emigrated by the rest of humanity. They may be bound to the political border, but unfortunately they carry with them and hang on the deeper boundaries of their ancestors: the boundaries of languages, customs and races. Although Angelopoulos' political views are well known, the film has a clear political discourse on the poor causes of refugees. In the process, Angelopoulos forces us to think about geographical, cultural, political and personal "boundaries" concepts. <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos sees himself as a historian in the twentieth century in Greece and likes to bring Greek myths into his discussions. In this film, he makes a certain line that crosses the Greek and Italian cultures, based on the combined Homeric and Dantesque tradition of Odysseus. Alexander is in Telemachus, looking for a story about an aging Greek politician / Odyssey who disappeared, never to hear. This political man, a brilliant orator, unexpectedly and inexplicably left his civic existence, his wife, and his brilliant career comfortable to live anonymously at the lowest lowest refugee camp. He became a poet in exile, thinking about how to change the world. Of course, "politician" is not Alexander's father, but "politician" stands before Alexander as his father's figure / Odyssey. Like Homer's Telemachus, Alexander also grows during his odyssey. <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be wrong to try to play Homer Odyssey in today's context. Angelopoulos only relies on Odysseus's journey as the structuring and thematic elements of his film. At the end of Angelopoulos, "Odysseus" is rather Dante's Odyssey: he does not leave for Ithaca but continues, "wears a suitcase." And Alexander / Telemachus is "paused" between returning home and career, or traveling "somewhere else". He confirms so much at the beginning of the movie, voicing, paraphrasing some of the lines of Dante 'Inferno: "And don't forget the time has come for the trip. The wind is blowing your eyes far." Finally, while Angelopoulos is not a religious person, he is in the movie The Greek Orthodox Religious Theme, which is in the form of yellow, suitable rails that go around for your companions. the reunification of the bond and also the form of Christ, similar to the "politician". In the last scene, these men once again show the influence of Byzantine iconography on Angelopoulos. They look like styles, religious people who took place in the Orthodox tradition, lonely and passionate men who lived in lichens, in the form of asceticism. <br /> <br /> The film ends with no resolution on the actual real identity played by Mastroian. Angelopoulos does not give us any clues or statement from a woman: "It's not her," is far from convincing and vague. The important issue of the film is not whether he is a lost politician or not, but that he could be a politician. But the film still ends with an optimistic comment. When wires that have turned between poles and poles only run along the river and therefore communication is not yet possible cross-border, and this is impenetrable, we note that this last scene has been taken across the river: the camera has crossed the border, and reverse tracking calls Alexander and the viewer Follow the line. In this account, Angelopoulos gives us hope that some boundaries will break down.
