At the end of the forties, the era of screw comedy was over, as the films moved in different directions, comedically and in other ways. When television is in sight, Hollywood will soon be a very tough time. If one wonders if the movies are gone, if the television does not come, or when its arrival to the scene is delayed by five or ten years? Mr. Blandings builds its dream house offers one definite way for comedy to evolve. <br /> <br /> Advertiser Jim Blandings, along with his wife and two daughters, live in a nice but too tight New York apartment as one day he gets a bright idea that it might be fun to realize his dream of building a suburban house. So he buys some real estate in Connecticut and has built his exact specifications. Well, almost. If she knew she was, she had changed her mind. Then it may not be. You decide. This weak assumption has excellent movie results, full of conflict between the middle class dream of owning a home and its often unpleasant reality. There is nothing simple in this life, as Mr. Blandings is learning; but one doesn't have to be unhappy just because things don't always go wrong. After all, it is also long-term. But Blandings is asking every few minutes how long is it? <br /> <br /> This movie is a joy. I think this is not a masterpiece of the Kapra-McCarey tradition, but it is worth the successor of thirty images and perhaps there has been a vision for the future if the arrival of television did not change the cultural landscape so radically. The picture has real heat and much (W.C.) Fieldsian's hard-sharp reality that drives regularly, but not so much, to leave a bad taste. The people in the movie are all very intelligent and affluent, but decisively professional upper middle, not an idle rich top class. <br /> <br /> Leading Cary Grant and Myrna Loy play perfectly with Mr and Mrs Blandings; while Melvyn Douglas is a good friend of pragmatic lawyers who often have to highlight unpleasant topics such as the functioning of the real world. There is also a wonderful feeling of what a better perspective could be called of suburban romance, which was in its infancy in the post-war era, as we see in the woods and streams that drew people into the country. first place. These people are definitely still out of the water in the countryside of Connecticut. Things would change in a few short years, as crazy suburbs would be completely destroyed, destroying forever pastoral innocence, because so many were longing for small towns that would soon be connected to highways filled with bottles and jars. their effluvia competes for something that would come in contact with the city.
