From the kung-fu films made in the 70s and 80s, it has become a true cult. With the exception of all the films, Bruce Lee is on the film that has set the time and the test of its unique story. The aging kung-fu captain tells his last student, Yang Tee (Sheng Chiang), about five students he has previously trained. All five wore masks and no one has seen each other's face and they are all trained differently. Their specialty kung-fus is the name they have taken, such as Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion. The master called them a poison clan, and he doesn't know what has happened to them, so he wants Tieh to find them and help those who do good to stop others who are evil. An old man who was once a member of the poison class is a map where he has a lot of money hidden and seems to be a target. Tieh does not know what they look like, so she has to mix in society and try to find out who they are. Tieh has discovered that Snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu), who are Centipede, they are killing the family to find a map. The map is found in a mystery man who turns out to be a Scorpion but knows he knows who he is. A local policeman named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) is investigating murders with his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun). The saint has a friend Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is the Rooms and who know each other's identity. Snake bribes hitting local officials for the murder of Li Ho and being tortured and killed while in prison. If Sin thinks he's working with the Tee and they're going against Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This movie was directed by Cheh Chang and was a very special director for these films. Chang was not a kung-fu director at the factory and his films always had a special quality. While most martial arts films deal with revenge, Chang didn't use it as a central theme. Although later this story is going on, this film is more complicated. Five men trained the same master differently and wearing masks. Then they are all in the same area and don't know who the other is. A very unique story makes this film different from the others and most of the songs from Changs were all in class. I wouldn't put it in exactly the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a global icon and his display martial arts were more authentic. This movie still has some impossible shocks like holding the sides of the walls and blowing up all the time, but this film may not necessarily be in combat. This is more about intrigue and related characters. It is different from all other kung-fu films alone. Very well done unique story.
