"The old school kung fu film world, where revenge came to a thousand, took a lot to show up for the film - and even more so that it would be a fan of those after years. Chang Chehi's best film will continue to affect Hong Kong's film industry, loyalty, brotherhood and revenge, which John Woo (who started in HK film industry in Chang) during heroic bloodshed during flowering in the late 1980s, has been influenced by other areas such as music such as Wu-Tang Clan, for more modern films such as A Man Called Hero, which is an inspired costume for this film. TV Ads Sprite and Video Games Like "Mortal Kombat." What makes this movie so special? On the ground - on the surface - it's pretty easy, it's about a rogue group called "noises" looking for their sifu hidden treasure, all c lan has extraordinary kung fu abilities, marked by animal styles or "poison" (lizard can climb walls, scorpion has sur The strike is that since the clan always carries masks, not all of them know who the others are. Thus, a simple plot becomes almost a temporary thriller. We are not talking here about the usual suspects, but it is far beyond many other kung fu films. Supposedly, the Golden Harvest Changer script was not too pleased - like most of his films - they felt it was too dark and violent - and they really wanted him to add a comic strip to it. Fortunately, Chang missed his arms and remained in his original script, which has since become one of the best films of his time films, if ever, by completing an almost perfect dramatic arc and offering the perfect backbone to the extraordinary, but what really hardens the film is the poison itself. Chang Cheh struck with the pain of a magic formula - not only did he get talented martial artists (whose moves, competed without wires or other special effects, were brought to shame by the most modern martial artists), but also great actors. The formulation turned out to be so popular that Chang had usually one or more poison in his later films. Returning to handy things, in most of the old school movies, actors show that they are playing cardboard extracts, but here the actors create characters. Everyone seems to have a favorite poison (my name is Philip Kwok - known by many as Mad Dog Hard-Boiled - as the Lizard) and this is the personal connection with the characters that The Five Deadly Venoms makes, which makes this genre real classic. Even if you are not usually a fan of old school movies, you have to check for five deadly poisonings if you see nothing else, where today's movies got inspired. "
