It's definitely one of the best kung fu movies ever and can be one of the best movies ever ... It got a great plot that works like a puzzle with lots of intrigue and intercourse. This movie is full of cat and mouse games and scams where people hide their identity and nature. The characters in this movie live and breathe much more than your average kung fu movie characters. They are all interesting and convincing, and the film does a good job of giving them scenes to show their personality and desires. <br /> <br /> Fighting scenes play like little tracks and many of them are very original and exciting. It has cool exercises and martial arts skills that are so great that they enter the field of fantasy. In every way, there are 5 members of the toxic class with their own style that mimics the special skill of a toxic animal. The styles of all these characters are fun to watch and you can see the methods used during the training sessions ... When this happens, the director quickly uses the exercise scene to draw in parallel. These cuts are accompanied by music changes and sound effects, and the whole thing really works fine. <br /> <br /> One movie that is very original is how it treats death. Director Chang Cheh was obviously very concerned about the fact that the film did not change death. This makes some movie scenes much more effective. We really care if people in this movie are killed. The reason for this is that the camera kills fear even when the bad guys are killed. Some of the sequences in this movie are indeed intestinal receivers. If signs look for revenge, you will feel their anger and pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time, it's a fun movie. It has all the usual things to expect from kung fu. There is bad duplication. The characters are ready to fight the hat drops. Some sound effects are fun and sometimes the characters' behavior is incredibly unrealistic ... it all adds to the size of the movie. <br /> <br /> And don't forget that this director was a visual stylist much more talented than most of his companions. If you watch this movie closely, you will notice that the technical skill on the screen is virtuoso. Everything goes so fast (thanks to the fast cutting style and the fast movement of the genre) that it is easy to forget how beautiful the movie really is. Lighting and composition are sometimes remarkable. Camera work and movement are extremely complex with very interesting fast-paced editing ... For example, in scenes, such as tension and intrigue, imagine Hitchcock moving about twice as fast. Chang Cheh was really a master and artist who knew his genre and was able to work on material within his limits. He does not rob a kung fu genre film boat, but in a subtle way his skills pass through every scene and every picture and they add a lot to the quality of the work. He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people. <br /> <br /> This is a true package of Kung fu film that offers every level. It's art, it's a trash, it's emotionally moving and it's fun, it has a real moral feeling, but it doesn't allow this morality to get good action. I recommend it to everyone whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
