When Meysels brothers came out for the first time, much was criticized and even considered to be exploited. Fortunately, it is now a masterpiece of a documentary film, especially now that society has been exposed to real television and real cinema with poor development. <br /> <br /> Really, at first we have to say it's not really a cinema, it's more of a cinema. The difference between the two is very small, but the main thing is that in this documentary we know the presence of Meysels brothers and they interact with filmed films. It also makes it clear that it is not exploitation. Meysels are allowed in the house, and they are very eccentric in a very eccentric household. And both Edith and Edie just love the idea of ​​filming. <br /> <br /> It would have been very disappointing if only God's voice and conversational interviews were shown. Here gives us the perfect madness of the house, the madness that seems to fall well with both Edie and her mother Edith. Their house is a mess, litter and animals everywhere, colors and furniture faded across the house, and a constant struggle that is a constant interaction of reality. These two people have lived with each other throughout their lives and are not fighting against the camera because they want attention, but because they can't talk to each other in this way. They know each other too well to hide their inner feelings, no need. Finally, even though they blame each other for their lives, they love each other deeply. Edie says she doesn't want her mother to die because she loves her very much and Edith says she doesn't want Edie to leave because she doesn't want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the film is that, despite old age, two women cannot be girls. They can't help being a singer, another dancer. Show all your artistic skills in front of your camera. When Edie asks David Meysels rhetorically "Where have you been all my life?" She is really very happy that she will finally be able to show the world and her great showgirls skills. The beautiful stylistic importance of a portrait and the charm that will probably never be seen again, just Meysels and some others might do.
