"Cypher" is a cleverly created story of industrial espionage that has been placed in America too far in the future. Although this film is not thematically complicated, it offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, mercilessness and corporate conspiracy. To a certain extent, this film is trying to represent modern business groups and companies indifferent to the risks that their contract staff bear on their behalf. <br /> <br /> The film starts with a somewhat mediocre employee, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), who turns to the Digicorp group to act as a secret. After being first introduced to the Digicorp Security Officer, Sullivan is given a new identity (Jack Fourby) and sent to a business conference to record the speeches of various spokespersons on each company's marketing strategies. Upon successful completion of the first task, Sullivan / Ctby will be sent to further missions to obtain the same type of information that was previously collected. But one of his "business trips" he accidentally gets to Rita Foster (Liu), whom he had met in his previous duties, and things are going to be extremely sublime. The result of the fucking conspiracy of Digicorp's espionage program emerges and Sullivan is forced to cover one of Digicorp's main competitors, thus becoming a double agent dealing with intense rivalry between two companies. <br /> <br /> ((SPOILERS END HERE) HERE) <br /> <br /> What I liked most was the effective use of light and shadows in many scenes. Lively lighting was mainly used in household / household appliances, while many shades and dark colors were used for settings that use fraud and reflection. I was also very impressed by Jeremy Northam. Not too often I have seen him in the lead role, and the fact that he is playing a married man who has been expelled directly from Wisconsin was great. Personally, I think he is one of the many downstream users in the industry who has not been given more challenges. Lucy Liu was also incredible and gave the film a real hidden and thunderous tone. In addition, the rest of the supportive work did an excellent job, but my only complaint was that some signs could have been more studied to make the plot and closure a little more complicated. For example, I would have loved to see what would have happened if Jack Fourby had developed a closer relationship with his other "husband". All in all, it has been wisely developed with hidden clothing that keeps you on your personal and professional loyalty and whether anyone in the movie is trustworthy. With a smart and stylish soundtrack and superb camera work, this movie offers a terrific picture of how businesses will work in the near future. I'm surprised that I've never looked at this "hidden gem" ever. It is a brilliant, not too complicated spy thriller and therefore I give it to 9 out of 10.
