Cypher is a smart, effective and terrible movie that offers. Its good premise is well presented and its content is presented effectively, but also with the demands of the genre. Although the film is immediately labeled as fiction, there is a little more to it. This is an obvious feature of scientific literature, but the film is more like a knight / detective than something that really adds to the story. <br /> <br /> The film usually plays like a nightmare; building and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are never sure what exactly is going on, we are never sure why certain things that really happen are and that we are not certain in certain people, like a dream? ambiguity prevails over all of us? The hero contained and I didn't see it this way before the movie was removed, Bar Terry Gilliam's Brazil. To say the least, Cypher performs both horror and detective, poetry and science fiction, giving the feeling that there is something for everyone and that it combines its elements well. <br /> <br /> Also a feeling of espionage for a movie that helps you discover the story. The mystery surrounding almost everyone is disturbing to say the least, and I find that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), who should resemble a femme fatale, can be considered less of a threat to any other events around the hero: People who appear as friends do not really There are, people who say they help, actually use and those that are safe enough are actually more dead than they see. Despite the fact that things have been turned around, turning the plot several times and following orders that make them feel like the world ends when they are not executed; One thing that seems most dangerous is any romantic link or relationship with Lucy Liu's character? and he tries to help (!) The film retains the feeling of the two parties fighting the war of espionage, spying on and holding their employees and opponents. The whole thing is playing like a mini-cold war; something similar to that of the United States and the United States in the war of war and really pulls through the black, dark, often CGI-painted screen that I had glued to. <br /> <br /> What was quite interesting and a great addition to the touch, was the US state ticket that was made like a computer microcircuit because our hero is flying to and from his designated destinations? then it is important how more he works for his and his own motivation for Foster, this sequence disappears because he leaves the computer-based, repetitive, controlled life he has to live and branch out. <br /> <br /> Cyhper has great content and is all good movie elements. To say that it is similar to the first Jason Bourne film, which is only set for the sci-fi genre, it doesn't cut enough, but you see the similarities; they were both released in the same year. As I mentioned earlier, it seems that there is something for everyone in this movie and if you can look at the rather disappointing ending that some people can predict successfully, you will find yourself enjoying this movie.
