It's really good when Sean Connery retired as James Bond, because I'm sure he can't keep up with spying nowadays, where high-speed cars are replaced by high-tech brainwash techniques and beautiful women are considered to be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is a pretty inventive Sci-Fi thriller that often awakens feelings of fear and claustrophobia, although it is quite unlikely. You know the trend of this type of film: nothing is what seems and just when you think it is a complicated plot, the writers will certainly write a new twist that will confuse everyone again. The "Cypher" events are probably taking place in the most prominent areas of the computer world, where big companies do not really steal each other's thunder. Digisoft literally spends millions of brainwash people and gives them a new identity, but lets them penetrate into their biggest competitor, Sunways Corporation. On the other hand, Sunways is constantly trying to break the Digisoft rats and recruit them again as double spies. Its all profitable business stands for Morgan Sullivan; a seemingly colorless thirty-something employee selected by Sebastian Rooks (über-spy) to interfere with BOTH's secret policy. Trust me, it's actually less complicated than sounds and director Vincenzo Natali (guy "Tube") takes the time to introduce all the important and less important signs. The first part of the film resembles the sadly underrated John Frankenheimer pearl "Seconds"? starring Rock Hudson ?? it also deals with the deletion of identity and the sudden change of the former lifestyle. Even the set pieces seem to come straight out of this 60's, where there are many empty white spaces and eerie corridors that seem to be endless. There are also many good activities and tensions, especially when Morgan experiences a beautiful experience of how Digisoft's team controls the results of their brainwashing techniques during dull conventions. The middle part of the movie drags a little, mainly because you already realize that it is just a twist of several misleading plots, and I was hoping for a little longer. Jeremy Northam is perfectly cast and the divine Lucy Liu is convincingly mysterious as a foxy lady who seems to be on her side. David Hewlett has the most memorable supportive role in choosing a regular director when running smoothly at Suway Engineer Virgil C. Dunn. "Cypher" is a well-made and adrenaline-rushing Sci-Fi entertainment, highly recommended for people who want to use their brain power from time to time.
