It is a wonderfully imaginative low budget Sci-fi film cult leader Vincenzo Natali. The film plays like Phillip K Dick's cross with Hitchcock and Cronenberg, and the film is a unique feeling like something you would have seen. The film is great, I love cinematography in it, it looks fresh and original. The film explores similar topics like Total Recall, Dark City and Matrix and its pretty staple Sci-fi stuff. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban who lives forever and has decided to work as a spy for the major technology companies Digicorp. He first meets a recruitment officer who takes Sullivan on board and instructs him on what he has to do. In principle, it involves visiting conferences of competing companies and recording them as a pencil via a hidden satellite transmission device. It also means that he must take another person and keep it in his wife's secret. After his first job, things became strange, his habits change, his personality begins to differ, and he suffers from neck and headaches and nightmares. She meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (playing intriguingly cast by Lucy Liu). But when he goes to his next job and sees him again, he reveals himself to be an agent that shows that his work is not exactly what he seems to be. He later explains that he and the rest of the conference are working in Digicorp. Conferences include all companies to temporarily wash their spies. To Sullivan, whose replacement is Jack Fourby, the antidote to Digicorps is given, and the rest of the spies at the last conference leave what seems to be the dream of a brain-dead day when the speakers sound (speakers send in all the submissive messengers). messages in the brain and temporarily wash the rain to believe they are someone else. Digicorp uses these people as dolls and creates personalities and lives for these people by wiping out their existence. Now, Sullivan must pretend that he believes he is now Jack Nelbi. Digicorp wants to steal information from its competitors at Samways and they want to do their dolls, now they effectively control what these spies do, except Sullivan. When Samways reaches Sullivan and finds that he is not really temporarily washing, they decide to use him as a Digicorp spy, making Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp has sent them to work their way to Samways and work their system up until it gets in the way of downloading important business data that might shut down the business. Samways understands that he was planted and decided to play with Digicorp, and allow the Quartet to penetrate their databases, but they give Digicoror an uneven disk that destroys their system. The plot starts to twist and rotate, as both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. She's in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery when she tries to find out why she's helping her. If a mysterious third party is involved, it turns out that Foster is working, Sullivan must decide whether to go to this freelance representative who can give him a new life and safety or stay with one company. The tension is all based on the excellence of the stones, because almost everyone wants to use it when its utility is over. The cast is big. Northam is great and its performance is great. He brings an excellent visual aspect to his performance, his eyes telling a story, and we see a great change when his character turns from Sullivan to four. Lucy Liu is simply incredibly sexy and her presence gives the film a great dynamic because it seems strange casting but works for it. The rest of the cast is also good. <br /> <br /> Director Natali, whose previous film was a cult classic sci-fi flick cube, has a real visual look. He also boosts the film perfectly and has given him a great look. A low budget movie has some imaginative visual effects and although CGI is not great, it never gets too much of an average piece to negatively affect the film. The film really brings the feelings of the Matrix and other great sci-fi movies, that's with them. The plot is almost too complicated from time to time, but the truth that helps such a film, that is, the effects of Cronenberg and Lynch are obvious. In the film, you are constantly working out what is happening and surprising when it goes. In general, this is an obvious cult class and I see it as incredibly popular when it is freed in countries. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
