Was it based on a comic book? Video Game? 3 Year Drawing? <br /> <br /> There is nothing serious about this movie; not characters, not dialogue, not plot, not action. Something. We have high-tech international terrorists / criminals hugging like pre-school children, Stallone's steel-type mechanical resistance in cold weather, dialogue is so stupid that it is sometimes almost fun and so on. Even the codename used by bad guys is stupid ("tango-tango"). A film that attracts some aisles, good activities and a nice snowy mountainous setting. Oh, yes: and inadvertent humor. <br /> <br /> The film opens up with really bad and convincing geishers between our happy and happy characters who are probably having an "expansion time". Then comes the sweat-inducing unsuccessful rescue that should put everyone with fear-of-heights problems into pulling their hair out. And then we have some bad dialogues and after that some great activities. This is a short film rhythm. <br /> <br /> Stallone's melodramatic shift with Turner when they meet for a long time is so sober, so cliche, so fake, and so bad that it should make a smile on any self-respecting viewer. Soon after writing this terrible dialogue, we are witnessing an impressive and perfectly beaten plane. The whole activity is one big absurd but it is pointless fun at its best. While the rest of the activity is exciting and fun, the scenes on the plane are really the highlight of the movie. After landing, our captain-criminals look for a guide and arrive at Stallone and Rooker. They send Stallone the first money, but somehow they do everything to make it as difficult as possible; they take off most of their clothes (so he can freeze) and they don't give him the necessary equipment (so he can fall off). SHOW THESE FRIENDS WANT THEIR MONEY OR NOT? Very silly. Obviously they don't trust Stallone, but they certainly know they can always send him a blackmail using Rooker as a hostage. Nonetheless, our gangsters make it difficult to climb Stallone if, for logical reasons, at least show us how really evil they are - that there is no doubt. And for those who may still suspect that bad guys are bad, they move, comfort, and smell in a truly evil way. Everyone was convinced? Good. You would be better. Otherwise, writers will throw massive executions on twenty school students to make sure that evil boy's evil is crystal clear to everyone. <br /> <br /> An old man flying with a chopper ... How did he fall from the trap? First, he must have warned MTV of the criminals and, secondly, he has heard Stallone and Rooker voices on radio transmitters. A whole host of idiotic verbal exchanges are taking place, while Lithgow has a dubious glory to get the most stupid features. "Don't bother me!" Lithgow: "I haven't even climbed behind." Or Lithgow to Stallone: ​​"We had an agreement, but now we have one!" And like Lithgow's murderer gang: these men never seem to want to kill right away. They are very creative about it; they're philosophical, pretending they're playing football with their body, and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone wrote this thing together. I have no idea what medications he was when he did. I wouldn't think the script is bad because low Q.
