If you are one of those who are delighted with smart headlines such as "The Book of Dead", "The Book of Eibon" or "Necronomicon", then you should feel at home with Malefique, a film with a hidden tome capable of changing the fate of all involved fates . The four French prisoners who shared the cell discovered a terrifying object placed by Danvers imprisoned by the wall in the 1920s; a man who was rejuvenated and blackened before he suddenly disappeared. Book finders are Carrère (Gérald Laroche), whose mother widows his wife, Lasse (Philippe Laudenbach), who wants to be a woman, but at the same time builds up to escape plan, Pâquerette peninsula (Dimitri Rataud) who once ate her sister and librarian Marcus (Clovis Cornillac) ) who allegedly traveled crazy, who murdered his wife. Recalling Meat Loaf's equally bizarre, bosomical viewer at the Fight Club (1999), Lassalle begins as the quartet's dominant member, particularly Pâquerette, a defensive grandchild. But with the advent of the book and the general need to decipher this dangerous content, Marcus requires greater and greater importance. Initially, early bailouts were confirmed, while Carrère takes a little more than the academic interest. Maybe he also needs an urgent escape opportunity and when the prisoners experiment, Danver's book begins to discover some of his terrible abilities ... <br /> <br /> Mostly, the prison chamber and four or five characters are staged, Malefique has a claustrophobic air that fits perfectly into his content ( and a limited budget for filmmakers). Only in the beginning, and then in the conclusion, can we leave the boundaries of the cell that is necessary for the opening, which only brings out the deadly, closed nature of the procedures that have taken place elsewhere. It is more than anything that is a movie that has been caught, either as a victim of your criminal past or as an occult event. "I'm going to flee," says Carrère at the beginning of the movie, wishing more than anything so she can rejoin the woman and son. Whether it does, it is a terrible price and the great irony of the film is that the ultimate form of "escape" may not be the person you can imagine. <br /> <br /> All of your budget constraints are largely for the first time director, Eric Vallette, that his film is doing as well as he does. Critics have noticed that this is a movie with strong Freudian films - for example, breastfeeding and adult breastfeeding typical of Lasse; an image of a vagina that lives and develops in the eye; a grown man who dissolves in the fetus; Danver's original placental fetish; a dark cell as a primitive uterus where "delivery" is expected, etc. So many interesting aspects of the script Vallette barely put the mouth wrong and he succeeds in creating a truly amazing atmosphere of what comes when there are only four men, four bunkers, one folding table and a book. It's a real, growing, Lovecraftian freak, because men call their unnamed darkness on their pages, while one or two moments - the above-mentioned flashing vagina or what eventually happens to Pâquerette - are memorable memorable. Boosting many of Malefique's blind events is deliberate, rejecting the quick cutting of many Hollywood productions: a video-cultivation approach that often undermines the quick fix and gore. Perhaps this is a particularly European way of remembering a similar measurable approach to the shocking hallucination of films such as Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983), a film that randomly shares a particularly disgusting image based around a red-eyed eye. /> <br /> Malefique gets well from 1.85: 1, and has excellent performances, and at least for this viewer, this conclusion was not as explained as it might have been, it was worth beating. So soon after the equally well-received release of Haute Tension (also known as Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that the French industry is again showing good horror films that appeared after the only useful product came from Asia
