This film focuses on four criminals locked in a prison wishing to escape from their cells, hoping that the mysterious black magic book that the former prisoner had in 1920 was named Danvers, who wanted to keep his skin young. br /> <br /> Carrère (Gérald Laroche) Tactics of Business Conduct (Shortcuts) have landed him in jail with three odd cell-mates .. transsexual brutal Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), Marcus' love toy Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who eats items what he touches (.. and is in jail for eating his six-month-old sister) and obeys his accusation as being "mother" and scientist Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who doesn't read or eat breakfast (the latter has killed his wife during this time). In the film, Carrère reads from the book, trying to understand that there are meanings that hope to find a way out of prison. Carrère loves her child and for some time believes that her husband will save her early. When she betrays her, Carrère starts to hate slowly and longs to see and keep her beloved son. The hardest critic of Carrère is Marcus, who wants to be completely female, while remaining with several masculine qualities such as working and leaking. He speaks harshly and uses his flesh as a tactic of fear, while the deep inside is the world of vulnerability. Pâquerette is fully controlled by Marcus and behaves like a captain when it is a champion .. is even a worrying scene where Pâquerette is breastfeeding from Marcus! Lasas has a devastating mystery that opens us to a slow understanding of his external motives and what lies in his potential sin in the brain. Obviously, being an intellectual and keeping other possible secrets to Lass is actually the one who keeps the motivation to continue the secrets of the book. Soon, those who do not threaten the book are looking for their "real" escape, not so much from the four walls of the cell, but also the cell that expresses their true desires. After some murder, the book is thrown out of a very amazing space that enters the movie camcorder as if it were a new rider. Who is this person and how does he understand the power of the book, and even better how to use it? In this film, there is a constant prisoner who is often seen outside his window looking at the world. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I was able to watch this movie. It plays like "Monkey Paw", the characters get what they want, but the price has to be met. The film has gore, amazing moments of graphic violence, but I think it's primarily a story. Gore is what the book releases. One of the groups gets their limbs hanged in the air, while the grisly opening act looks like one of the mansions left behind after a man's request. We see Danver's destiny at the end, with an excellent sequence of special effects on the baby's alloy. Fate is a masterful effect sequence. I say Maléfique has always paid attention to Eric Valette's well-developed direction, and knowing such an isolated film (about 95% of the film in the singular, the prison cell) never seems to pull. I think this is a sign of interesting actors and fascinating characteristics, not to mention the surprising story that uses these supernatural rides.
