Good fear films from France are quite rare and quite easy to understand why! When a talented young filmmaker gives out a stunning new film, he will go straight after the famous Hollywood to direct big budgets with another great movie classic! How can France build a reputation for horror when their prodigy leaders leave the country after one movie? "Haute Tension" was a fantastic movie and he earned the director Alexandre Ajal one-way ticket "The Hills Have Eyes" (which he did terribly, I can add). Eric Valette's long-running debut "Maléfique" was also a very promising and appealing horror, and he is already at Hollywood to direct Takashi Miike's ghost story "Rewriting One Missed Call". So you have it, two very talented Frenchmen who may not be able to make a movie in their home country for a while. "Maléfique" is a simple yet effective cooler that requires some patience for slow start-up, but once the plot is well developed, it offers great atmospheric pressure and a handful of great special effects. The film takes place in almost one place and has only four characters. We are in a French prison with four passengers. The new arrival is a fraudulent businessman, the elderly and the "wise" inmate killed his wife sadistically and then there is a crazy transvestite and a mentally disabled boy who fills the quadruple. They find in their cell wall an old magazine belonging to a sick murderer of the 1920s who specializes in black magical dresses and supernatural ways of escape. Four inmates are going to prepare their escape plan using strange formulas in the book, just to realize the occult, is something you shouldn't confuse? Eric Valette devotes the oceans of the era to the drawings of the character of the four protagonists, which occasionally cause superfluous and tedious sub-squares, but all the reasons for this appear at a terrible climax when the book suddenly turns out to be a type of aspirant. device. "Maléfique" is a dark film with loads of claustrophobic tension and several twisted details of human behavior. Look at this before a wealth of American manufacturing companies decide to transform it with the four beautiful teenage actors in the convincing roles of heavy criminals.
