In the last couple of years, the French horrors have seen some animation with amazing films such as Inside and Switchblade Romance, which captures the scene. Maléfique preceded the rebirth only, but stands over the head and shoulders in the most up-to-date horror games and is definitely one of the best French horror films! Obviously, Maléfique was beaten with a small budget, but because of the originality of the film, it is much more than one, and in turn is complemented by excellent writing and acting, which ensures that the film is a winner. At the heart of the plot are two main ideas; prison and black magic. The central character is a man named Carrère who is sent to jail for fraud. He is put in the cell with three others; quietly crazy Sluggish, bodily transvestite Marcus and his slow boy Daisy. After a short while in the cell, they collide with a hiding place on the wall that contains an old magazine. After translating this part, they will soon understand their magical abilities and realize that they can break through the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black magic is a very interesting subject and I'm quite surprised that it has no more movies because it has so many options. It is fair to say that Maléfique makes the best of his assets because, despite his limitations, the film never feels smooth and can flow well. Director Eric Valette gives the film a great atmosphere; The fact that most of them take place in the Central Prison cell ensures that the film looks very claustrophobic and that it brings enormous benefits to the central idea that prisoners who want to use magic to break out of the cell are very easy behind them! It is often said that the unknown is something that really scares people, and this film proves that if the director ensures we can never be sure of exactly this corner, and this will help ensure that Maléfique actually starts to be quite scary! The film is memorable for many reasons outside the average plot; the characters are very interesting in their own way as well as the fact that the book itself takes its character very well. Anyone who is worried about the end of the movie is not disappointed, because they both end up with the idea and can be quite terrible! All in all, Maléfique is a really big horror movie and one of the best in the decade - a highly recommended viewing!
