After a few titles and a new Sherlock Holmes movie, I think I've watched Guy Ritchie's lead in every movie. Twice. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the most important reasons. This movie is a very different approach to Ritchie when you look at it with Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. Revolver puts us in a psychological thriller because gambling con finds itself in the mercy of resistance that he does not expect, and a guided walk for redemption that he did not know he needs. André Benjamin's vision of OutCast's fame highlights his ability to act, while other plays are Ray Liotta, who plays the man-man Mr. D / Macha and Mark Strong, who plays the sorter, the hit man. <br /> <br /> After being sent to the Tranny Casino Host Macha Prison, Jake will use her time alone to finish the plot to lower Macha and force her to compensate her for seven years she spent. When he wins a card game and accumulates a decent amount of Mach, Jake finds the edge of death when he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable disease that leaves him three days to live. The loan sharks team, however, has the answer to him and the ticket to life - only when he gives them all the money he has and what they like, all they want to get down to Machat and show Jake how dangerous he is. yourself. Jake is with the air of weavers and a pair of couples who have a day of the day in their day, as well as Jake, who deals with him, which introduces Sorter - Macha's job strike. The depth of nature comes when Jake realizes that some of the convicted persons who spent a lonely time can very well be a loan shark team to take everything he has, working out all the unfortunate events that Jake seems to have found. When faced with this reality, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi show Jake how he has twisted each other, having only his mind and his ego, so that their real existence is difficult for Jake to understand. The film speaks of a humble process for both Jake and Macha, as both are exposed to their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The film's style is top-notch when you get into the world of a criminal. represented and characters. Although Ritchie's earlier films have a lot of notes, he still has an experimental presence of dialogue, kits and gangsters. It is also a great trip to humility and recognition if you can easily let your ego or predefined concept hide your ability to do what you want or what you should overcome. The characters in this movie are well-designed, with all sides being well-designed and, according to Ritchie's fashion, they are all tied to some undersize that throws a wrench into everyone's affairs. I could and would like to go about this movie and its unique nuances, but I don't want to stay too far away if you haven't seen it yet. <br /> <br /> It may take some sessions to go through all the difficult layers, but this is a great movie and should be seen. If you are lucky and have not seen spending in the US, see if you can get the original UK version because it makes a great conversation with your friends when you try a puzzle. I saw it with my team at the beginning of 2006 and we are still talking about the little things we have taken today. It has earned its cult status and is well-earned as a film where Ritchie stepped out and broke her norm a bit. <br /> <br /> Standout Line: "Fear or revere me, but please, think of me We are special. We share addiction. We agree with junkies."
