OK ... this movie has so far been created by critics as well as poster posters (although playing a devil's lawyer might suggest that critics are often people who don't act as filmmakers themselves, and board tiles are often people who didn't make it for themselves), then I wanted to sit in the corner of the Guy with a magic sponge, so maybe I could get a couple of people who decided not to see the film on the basis of how everyone seems to be watching their collective nose approval. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake in getting a broad support for a movie is how unexpected it is. It has been described several times as "making the movie inaccessible" to the viewer. The chronology of the film is relatively non-linear and the characters are used not only as a means of storytelling, but as a tool that shows us fine (or not so fine) hints of bias, we do things when we put them in memory, IE. Ray Liotta with a character-like weapon that says "fear me" is depicted as tragically pathetic (from Statham POV) as well as interrogation and courageous (from Liotta POV). This is just one example of Ritchie's more mature approaches to making Revolver for cinematic art, we have a story that is quite archetypal (a strong but silent scary anti-hero released from a prison where it is settled but can be drawn unintentionally into the corruption world ... I mean, this is a noir of color films here by the guys, just over the vague poetic selection and dynamic speech), but then Guy has taken this framework to make several extremely philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the scene where Jason Statham's character is driving against the car. This visual sequence could have been out of the movie and it didn't affect the story ... but Ritchie points out how such small possibilities as a phone call can change between life and death. > <br /> So the final act of the movie is quite outrageous, I would take p * ss when I said that I didn't spend my last 20 minutes after my day. ... wtf? "... but this is the most uncomfortable reason to ignore the artwork. It is not easy to like something because you find it difficult to understand. And even easier to say" no one else knew it, so it must be the real dirty movie! " In my humble opinion, Revolver is a stylish, sophisticated and mature modern art that should be welcomed in the same way as we would give Saatchi Brothers a job. If we choose to say "Ah sh * t, I wanted a cockney gangster in the movie" nit stupid ... Guy Ritchie is a tit! ”The day comes when filmmakers are allowed to do just what they are expected to be with low, dirty people. Just because Guy made a funny, potty cocktail for himself, doesn't mean he can't be deep without being "pretentious". Funny people can be thoughtful.
