I recommend to families, if possible, to show it only to older children. Some of the things in this movie may be too distracting for the little ones who will handle it. Now, out of the way, let me explain about this movie. a documentary about a man's fox who initially protects his territory and is looking for a mate. At first, there is a great sunrise and music score, there is breath. You were much better off with so many landscapes as possible later. They gave both fox and vixen names, but I don't remember what they like me. He fights against this invading man to win his love. gives birth to four divine boys, one of whom is blind. There are many happy and playful moments where there is a fox family, but tragedy and bad luck strike too early. The first victim is the blind son who gets too high as the second victim of the mother who deceives the chickens while stealing the chicken hanging in Polish. The man is now one father, forced to take the mother and father roll. He alone has to teach them the skills they need for life. Later, it is not enough for two of the now grown sons to meet their ugly destiny; due to human negligence and cruelty. I'm not breaking the surprising end, but it shows the closeness of the tail to the farmer and his dogs. And this is a well-earned end after the audience and the fox family I wanted to say I saw it first come out in the early 1980s when we had a thing called Showbiz Cable. I was only 4 when I saw it, but I never realized why they didn't let me see it all. Now I know why after I secretly looked at it when it came to Disney when I was 9.I felt emotionally gutted after seeing all this evil. I moved to the tear. It was, it serves the purpose. To let the people that go to these and other animals and why they are at risk. This documentary wanted to get a message about this endangered species and I hoped it worked. Like Disney's real-life nature movies, they don't teach why animals are extinct. The penetration of the earth, the killing of the foxes' main harvest, and the meaningless killing of these beautiful animals have brought them to danger. I want them to continue the film (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are being treated better. Watch out for the vixen son named Teresa and his siblings grow up. This film also reflects what happens to people's families sometimes, especially when one of the parents suddenly dies. important lesson in life.It is not always enough to protect them when they are adults, especially if any of their lives become spoiled.Or they fall victim to the self-tragedy.The section around the soundtrack and musical score I have ever heard.
