Although "Sopranos" is another gift from megahit "The Godfather" and the aftermath that dramatized the mafia and glamorized to some extent, "The Sopranos" takes another hand. Not suitable, stylish mobiles here in Lake Tahoe and stakes in Vega casinos - these men are goombahs, facing waste management, dealing with things that fall off the back of trucks, topless bars, protection money - in short, what neighborhood mobs were. <br /> <br /> Colored characters dominate this series, which does not prevent gender and graphical violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a husband and two children living in New Jersey who suffer from panic attacks when trying to balance their biological family with his mafia. To reach the bottom of his attacks, he sees psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him and who at the same time entices him. Tony Pile Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his Uncle Junior (head of mobile title), his good friend Pussy - are all fully polished characters. <br /> <br /> As we learn through the series, there are enemies not only inside but also inside, and one of these enemies includes Tony's hurt but terrible mother (Nancy Marchand) who convinces Junior that Tony is dangerous to him. Meanwhile, Tony's sister Janice is looking for a money stethoscope and a Geiger counter in her mother's house. Tony has a mistress of problems and a woman (Edie Falco) who puts a lot on her because she loves her while maintaining ties with her Catholic religion. "Church frowns on divorce," he says, one woman is considering a split. "Let the Pope with him," is a response. As for Tony's lover's problems, her psychiatrist points out that Tony is interested in demanding women who don't have enough, and asks if she seems familiar. Yes, it looks like his mother. <br /> <br /> I am of Italian origin and yes, I'm ill with the negative light of the Italians and all who assume that all Italians are mobsters. However, you cannot like this example, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it is stated, turkey and sweet potato bulb - it is antipasto, manicotti, meatballs and escarole and then bird!) Not to mention the correct pronunciation of words like melenzana (mullinyan), escarole (scarole), manicotti (manigot) and so on. Tony's only un-Italian thing is that he has no ready cellar, something unknown in my family (except my parents have never been). <br /> <br /> The standouts of this exhibition are Gandolfini, who is a ruthless antidepressant gangster, Falco, who is his wife's brilliant, and Bracco as tortured Jennifer. But everything is great. If you get violence and language, this is a great show, an uneven portrait of New Jersey's mobile life.
