Apparently, the Sopranos are the most widely recognized television series, so of course, my expectations were through the roof and the exhibition went beyond them. I love the mafia and the genre of crime in the movie and I like to follow the stories of these worlds, but that's so much more. 86+ hours of material gives the opportunity to not only be one of the most exciting and unexpected stories of mafia / action, but also an excellent family drama, shocking nature training, ridiculous comedy, brilliant psychological research that deals with good and evil nature, and intellectual artistic collaboration with representative dreams and hallucinations in one. David Chase's epic series manages to achieve all this, and Cement as the HBO's closest TV set will get cinematic perfection, paving the way for a number of other series to continue blowing audiences. <br /> <br /> Realism exists when it is needed, but Chase's decisions to ignore it to add effects to dream episodes and other similar effects add more layers to the series. Chase - with strong writing staff including Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, the future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire, respectively, will be a complicated universe in New Jersey full of the biggest TV shows I've seen. / / <br /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of the ever-revolutionary signs of television. Tony follows the mobile stereotypes of the pop culture party, but he pushes the other half completely and his family traffic and Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco, with whom he has significant chemistry to ensure that treatment scenes). there is always a completely different feeling about the rest of the show), we see almost everybody on Tony Soprano and we know he's more eternal than one would expect. <br /> <br /> Edie Falco comes to power with Gandolfin's performance by Tony's wife Carmelana. Carmela runs emotional emotions about Tony's lifestyle, her suspicions of murders, torture for Tony's fraud, her own thoughtless infidelity, and Falco makes her the main vehicle for non-Mafia viewers to face such a corrupt world. The scenes between Tony and Carmela will ever be a dramatic and realistic drama on television. <br /> <br /> Supporting casting is almost the same phenomenal, and a wide range of symbols are filled in by six seasons, without any redundancy. Nancy Marchand steals an exhibition when Tony is the overwhelming mother of Livia, an overview of Tony's personality problems and panic attacks. Knowing Marchand's unceasing complaints is almost harsh because he takes that character so incredibly far. Michael Imperioli is a Christopher, Tony member of the Defense Forces, whose various poor choices lead him down the road that is painful to look at but perfectly executed. Drea De Matteo plays with Christopher's girlfriend Adriana and is so good and loving that the dark arc takes her character when she goes too far with Christopher's career. Tony Sirico is Paulie who introduced the mafia as a stereotype and a source of comics, but in the end it becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters, and nobody plays real anger better than him. And it's just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Well-known faces such as Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young and Eric Mangini perform during the show , like Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt, have the main character in the series. The powerful arc has 50+ large characters and the excitement and tension will never let you show in different sub-blocks. <br /> <br /> Comedian elements and whole episodes full of brilliant fun dilute the dramatic intensity of the power source in a series that is so versatile that, for one reason or another, almost every episode of credit remained somewhat confused by me. The Sopranos are the most powerful and addictive series I've ever seen, and its heights are so important that I have to call it my favorite exhibition, despite the controversial low (most of which I disagree). <br /> <br Whether you love or hate the end, or what you do about it, is irrelevant: the debate it has created is an accomplishment in itself. The iconic nature of the entire series makes it an important part of television history. All of these exhibits have a number of elements that love and admire, so if you think of something else, do yourself a favor and try.
