Now I have read negative comments on this exhibition on this website and, frankly, I am shocked. For anyone who even thinks that the Sopranos are not television, I'm afraid I don't know what the world has come up with. Let me say u something. I started watching many T.V shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But all of these exhibitions were lost after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I refuse to look at because the companies took two genius-based ideas and tried to do them for more than one season. Then we have Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only TV series I've ever watched where I am tempted throughout my season, and more importantly, all its episodes. There is no department that this show doesn't look like. Action - Nothing is great. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel his actor is absolutely stunning in every episode after hearing that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony. episodes, I knew HBO did an excellent job of casting James as Tony. The raw emotion he shows is great. Then we have all others, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (whom I remembered as Johnny Ola's godfather, part 2), and my two favorite characters are Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. All of these actors are of the best quality and deliver outstanding performance for each episode. Then we have a story that has never been shown in T.V. The story is nothing good. Every episode is stunned perfectly and this show's score is just fantastic. I feel that Sopranos is one example that I can look again and again and never get bored. He got everything from fun humor to brutal violence, but still it is and always is the best thing to ever love the TV, and I invite someone to show a real mistake. Not just to say it's too violent, or they feel Tony's character is immoral, I mean it's an Mafia show at the end of the day, I don't think the characters are very honest or loyal to God. I invite everyone to watch this play because I believe you have tried the first episode, I was and I have even received some friends who first refused to look at the exhibition. Trust me when I say that this show is a worship service compared to a TV that is on television After you have watched the first season, you will inevitably agree with me when I say once again that this exhibition dominates on television and TV shows are not current or the future will surprise you, which is Sopranos.
