"Sopranos" not only offers viewers all over the world, but I think (at least for me) that sees the viewers back. (Even you, Gary, can't argue with this statement) James Gandolfin, who plays the lead man, Tony Soprano, has changed (in his view) into one of the "Hollywood elites" for acting in the TV series. I'm not going forward and comparing it with Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least not yet. He does hell from Tony Soprano's part. Since 1999, Gandolfin has grown as much as an actor (mainly due to his role in Soprano) as being considered among the best in the company today. And it's not just her. Fields of "Sopranos" are large supportive casts, including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese and late Nancy Marchand, who played Tony's terrible mother. At this moment, the show is considered to be a cult classic and rightly so. The first two seasons were extraordinary. Violent and quite tough, quite often, but undoubtedly extraordinary. The third season was great but couldn't jump to the 1st and 2nd seasons. The 4th season, which was before the end of the new year, was the weakest season (or at least I thought it was). Despite the dry spell I still found it ("The Sopranos" 4th season) more entertaining than most of his competitions and it says a lot because lately I have noticed a good trend for new TV shows. Examples: six feet, shield, curb your enthusiasm and OZ (which is not a technically new show, but ended this year with an unforgettable season). Returning to your point to show the show better than all competitions during a particularly bad year is no less than the achievement achieved by the writers. "Sopranos" are in and out of their age in all other television programs, and its writers deserve much credit. Finally, I would like to say: "Sopranos" are real people. For the average mature viewer (17 and more) who enjoys drama and doesn't mind a little bit of mixing violence and torture, you might want to look at "Sopranos" if you have the opportunity. Trust me that it's worth the time.
