I like MIDNIGHT COWBOY and I have it in my video collection because it's my favorite. It is interesting to me that when MIDNIGHT COWBOY was released in 1969, it was so shocking to viewers that it was rated X. Of course, X at that time meant maturity. Since I was only two years old when I released the movie, it is hard for me to imagine if the viewers were shocked. However, if I try to take into account that many of the topics covered by the film, including prostitution (the title itself was a male prostitute slang); homosexuality; loneliness; Physical (and somewhat emotional) abuse and drugs are difficult for many people to talk about today, I can start to know what the viewers of this film thought about their release. It is worth noting that in the 1970s, the MIDNIGHT COWBOY R-Class was lowered and even if it is still rated R, some scenes can be almost PG-13 by today's standards. <br /> <br /> I want to briefly summarize, although it is probably known to almost anyone who has heard about the movie. Jon Voight plays a young Texas man named Joe Buck, who decides he can do it in New York as a male hustler who sends rich women. She emulates cowboy actors like Roy Rogers, wearing cowboy clothing that thinks it impresses. After all the women she has met have rejected, she meets a fool called Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso persuades Joe that he can make money with the leaders. Again, Joe is forced and homeless for a long time. But Joe comes over to Ratso and is invited to stay in a broken apartment. Without giving much more to the plot, I want to say that the rest of the film is about Joe and Raro because they try to help each other to dream. I.E. Joe does it as gigolo and Ratso in Florida, where he thinks he will get his health back. <br /> <br /> I want to make some comments about the movie itself. First, acting is great, especially for managers. Although the movie is really very sad from start to finish, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes that, although not intended to be funny, I find them to be fun. For example, there is a classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight walk through the city street and the cabin is practically running over them. Dustin Hoffman bangs in the booth and says, "Hey, I'm here! I'm going here!" I get this scene because it's so typical for New York where so many people are fast. The second scene that comes to mind is the scene where Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a man named O'Daniel. What's fun is that at first we think O'Daniel is ready to recruit gigolos and see why Joe is so excited, but then we start to realize that O'Daniel is nothing but a religious nut. In addition to these two scenes, I love the scene where Ratso and Joe claim in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy clothes are attracted only by homosexuals and Joe says in self defense "John Wayne! Fuck!" I like this delivery in this scene. <br /> <br /> I would say that while MIDNIGHT COWBOY was put in the late 1960s, much of it is said today. This is because, although the 42nd Street around New York has been cleaned up in recent years in the form of Disneyfication, homelessness is still as common as 40 years ago. Many people also have unrealistic dreams of how they are going to hit it just to break their dreams like Jon Voight's character. One of the things that impresses me about Jon Voight's character is how he's surviving, and I felt he had matured a lot at the end of the film and that Ratso (Dustin Hoffman's character) had a good effect on him. Finally, I would like to say that, when watching this movie, I recommend looking at it at least a few times, because there are so many things going on. For example, a couple of perspectives have a more meaningful set of setbacks and dreams for me. It is also interesting that there are many interpretations in this film, such as what actually happened to Joe Buck (the character of Jon Voight) and the people who were in his life in Texas. Even the end, though I don't want to give it to those who haven't seen the movie, is quite open.
