The acidic, incessant and beautiful John Schlesinger masterpiece is not less than 35 years ago when American life was even more uncomfortable. It would probably not be possible to make a film in history because there were so many breakthroughs at the end of the 1960s: the final dissolution of America's West, intensification of war in Vietnam and the collision of social ideals. "Midnight Cowboy" is widely known as the only Academy Award-winning film that collects "X" ratings, but behind that fame is much more; it also goes beyond the work of art. Although this film (James Leo Herlihy's novel) has a lot to say about the erosion of American life, it goes beyond the policies of the 60s, exploring hidden links of friendship and addressing familiar topics to people in all ages. The two main characters are actually standard antiheroes - men who have nothing to offer, but much to get rid of our world. <br /> <br /> Midnight Cowboy's primary focus is 28-year-old Joe Buck, a physically effective native Texas language played by Jon Voight. In open scenes, we follow Joe's bus trip to New York, where he plans to use one of his few real talents - the ability to enjoy women - and serve as a hustler for his fortune. We learn on his arrival that Joe is ridiculous in sex trafficking. Announcing and proclaiming "a laugh of one hell" in Cowboy's dud, the young Texan flops begin their early tricks before partnering with Enrico 'Ratso Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sick man and a little early Bronx. Ratso, who is short, thin and slippery, proves little financial support for Joe. They run out of money quickly, and when life gets strong in the winter months, Joe and Ratso are trapped in a manhattan-built apartment building, where their names are almost dollar or square. It is during this period that there is a strong friendship between them, two men who rely on each other to fight enormous odds. <br /> <br /> Throughout the movie, Joe will return to previous years in Texas, including life with her grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who was a guardian; his harassed relationship with the infamous local girl Hull Annie (Jennifer Salt); and a traumatic event where Joe and Annie attacked a cityman who wanted to break his love affair. "Midnight Cowboy" captures much of its time, with a host of setbacks, dreams, and psychedelic shapes that illuminate key symbols while also distorting their background. From every moment of understanding we get from Joe and Rats, there will be more questions about their lives. Both men are not in doubt; they have no clear direction until Ratso gets sick and Joe finally understands the purpose of being alive. This revelation pushes "Midnight Cowboy" to its conclusion, which is a rather hopeful, very grim story. <br /> <br /> Although Joe and Rats need bad luck, John Schlesinger's direction is clearly outlined and uses the atmosphere of the Waldo Salt scenario, which allows Voight and Hoffman to thrive. Their interactions are very natural and supportive cast by Sylvia Miles, the members of Brenda Vaccaro and Andy Warhol's clips offer an important part of the story. Counterfeit sequences that include Voight, Ruth White, and Jennifer Salt are particularly impressive in losing time to heartbeat. <br /> <br /> Every young person who thinks about a psychedelic era is advised to watch this movie thanks to the wonderful filmmaking from Adam Holender ("The Boy Who Could Fly", "The Smoke") and Editing Hugh Robertson ("Shaft") by. Midnight Cowboy's visual work with a soundtrack (compiled by John Barry) is a single unit that sometimes provides music videos for the last two decades. Nilsson sings the lead song Everybody's Talking, which was actually used as a temporary stage in the editing phase. The memorable harmonious theme is played by Jean 'Toots' Thielemans. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" has been released in the MGM / UA Two Disc Collection Edition, which includes extended features and comments. Also available is the 1998 DVD edition (this overview is used), which offers a dual widescreen and standard format with 5.1 Dolby Digital audio device; three-language subtitles and closed captions; French dubbing; theatrical reopening trailer (not "original" as advertised); and an eight-page product description. Both DVD editions contain a restored version of the 25th anniversary of the film, showing its original shine. Three Oscars (Best Picture, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and additional candidates (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), "Midnight Cowboy" are definitely on their immortal classics list. br /> <br /> *** ½ of four
