"Midnight Cowboy" was never a great movie, but it's classic. You know this is a classic moment when his repeated theme song "Everybody's Talking" begins on the soundtrack (actually written for the movie) and how the camera introduces us to Joe Buck (naked and in the shower). We saw Jon Voight before, but had never noticed him, but when he tells us he is "one of the loving studs" who doubts him? It was a great performance that had iconic status, as well as an accurate understanding of the character, and if Voight had never done anything else, his presentation would still be legendary. Because Voight is rarely disappointed with the screen; even a piece of ham that has also healed when his performance in this glorious debris "Anaconda" is a source of joy). <br /> <br /> The film became famous and notorious almost overnight. It was a crowd of entertainment, even when it was over, funny and sexy and recognizably "real"; (it was the end of the sixties and all the characters were true). It was also the first "X" rated film that won the Oscar for Best of the Year. (Slightly) James Leo Herlihy is brilliant (brilliantly) that it was probably the first mainstream-commercial American film dealing with "taboo" topics such as homosexuality and drug use. Everyone has the feeling that man, warts and everything, and everyone, are treated sympathetically. Voight Joe Buck is innocent abroad, Candide, who arrives in New York to look for his happiness as a hustler (a profession he sees as glamorous and not sowing; he is a cross between a gigolo and a social worker). But if he rejects the harsh, worm, small man called Ratso Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman, the fresh "Graduate" and he is a revelation), he realizes that maybe the reality is different from the pipe -dream. <br /> <br /> Basically, this is a men's love story (although it is entirely platonic) between these two not so unlikely beds. Both completely alone and both completely poor will become the second defender (Voight with his physical ability, Hoffman with his street wise). They are the mainstream failures that are tolerant to their peculiarities and other deviations. Although "Straight" Voight is not outside the homosexual meeting in the 42nd Street Cinema, where the boy is even more lonely than himself. (The whole film represents a strange "Christian" attitude). <br /> <br /> It has also worked great. Although Voight and Hoffman keep the screen all over there, Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles, John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes have excellent vignettes that are very different customers and hangers. at all, while the direction of John Schlesinger gives the film a documentary as well as an entirely separated eye view of the alien on the American underworld without wrinkles and without criticism. Other thoughts maybe this is a great movie.
