The Midnight Cowboy opens with a history of Drive In Theater, featuring the headmaster Joe Buck (Jon Voight), who sings in the shower. She sings the cowboy's song she's trying to be. Joe lives in a lively humorous life in Texas and moves it to New York, where there are many women and even more money. She dresses like a cowboy, but not her friends have taken her seriously in the caricature. He starts his journey on the bus to NYC and we can quickly see how diluted Joe is communicating with his other passengers. This is first and foremost the story of realizing Joe's tough realities in the real world. <br /> <br /> He starts with a very naive south thinking that he can do it in NYC with his good looks. He has no other reason to believe otherwise, as they were in the past to help; we learn from the many setbacks he has. At first, the setbacks are filmed in a way that makes them somewhat strange. They are foggy and the voices sound as they come from a great distance, as they are, they come out of their past. However, as Joe goes deeper and deeper into the reality of the harsh atmosphere of NYC, we see more of our past that is no longer vivid, but sharp, filmed in black and white, making it fast to edit the cruel nature of past events. This is especially visible during the rebound of his and his girlfriend and his rape. In one of these setbacks, we see a building that has been broken from a brick. This reflects the way Joe himself breaks down; The naive she ever spent falls behind her. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) are living dirty and hardly able to eat food; Joe realizes that he can't live out of his appearance, that there is a sharp bottom in New York that he didn't see it. His subconscious reflects the way his real life is put out. <br /> <br /> Ratso is also a mirror for Joe, but vice versa; Ratso is Joe's foil. Joe is a beautiful, strong man with mostly good looks. Ratso, on the other hand, when we first saw him sitting next to Joe, we can say he is the opposite. It is short, dark and always covered with perspiration light. He understands how the world works, that it is unforgivable and sometimes, no matter how hard you try, it fails; like his father did. They live in the same world in the same apartment, but they understand things at a completely different level. <br /> <br /> The issue of alienation that is common in this era is very evident in this movie. . Joe and Ratso do not fit in the culture surrounding them. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to NYC, where he is still very remote. NYC's cool-minded Ratso wants to move to sunny Florida where he thinks he can find a good life. Although this is his ideal idea, the fantasy we get from Ratso is obvious that he knows he never fits into society. In this fantasy, the people around him are turned on, he is alienated from society again. <br /> <br /> The only difference between Joe and Ratso is coming to an end. Joe is in violence; he takes on the mentality of this city to get the money to fund Florida's own escape equipment and Ratso. On the way, we see Joe out of the shop where there is no cowboy clothes she's never in the rest of the movie. She's dressed like someone who looks like they're flowing to Florida. She dresses Ratso the same way; it tires to fit into the new society they enter, but it is unsuccessful. When Ratso dies on the bus, their passengers see them as outsiders again. Even in the new culture they have entered, they cannot escape the alienation they have met on the turn of every film. Despite Ratso's death and Joe's continued alienation, the film ends with the hope that Joe will gain new knowledge of how the world works and of creating a better life if he had been a NYC hustler. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent film that depicts the tougher reality and alienation of society, both the Voight and Hoffman constellations.
