It is not a timeless masterpiece you hope it will be based on the praise it received, but the 1969 Midnight Cowboy is still on two young actors who are currently bursting. The film, directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt, seems to have been in its time, in the late 1960s, when American films were particularly expressionist, but it brings spell, because the story falls on the themes of loneliness and tying that resonate in whatever period. The film's cinematic effect can still be felt in the unspoken emotion found in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain". <br /> <br /> The curving plot follows Joe Buck, a naïve young Texan who decides to go to Manhattan to hire a Rich Woman. He is full of energy, but he has no traps, but he cannot suffer unhappily, even though he is not satisfied with his finances. He meets a cynical, hospitalist with a little bit of time, called "Ratso", Rizzo, who sees Joe for the first time as a simple pawn. These two depend on each other and Rizzo will lead Joe. Things get to a psychedelic, drug-infected party where Joe finally pays the client. Meanwhile, Rizzo gets thicker and two went to Florida for a better life. This is not a story everyone would like, but some may find that helller and thief become sympathetic drawings, but their predictions are achingly authentic. <br /> <br /> In his first major role, Jon Voight is ideally cast when he brings out Joe's paper-thin bravado and deepens sexual instability. Like Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman succeeds in his clean, post-college image of "The Graduate" and puts himself in personal degradation and glowing hope that works strangely compatible with Joe. The honesty of these images is complemented by Schlesinger's cinematic therapy, which bounces out of time in Times Square. The director also effectively adds to the setbacks and the sequences of fantasy sequences to fill the scars of the characters. Credit must also go to Salt to let the widespread cynicism over the story. Other performances are just alongside the main characters' trips, including Brenda Vaccaro, as wife Joe meets at the party, Sylvia Miles as a horrible matron, John McGiver as a religious zealot, and Barnard Hughes as a lone outflow <br /> <br /> Two-Disc DVD 2006 The package contains the print heritage of the 1994 restoration and the informative commentary by producer Jerome Hellman, because unfortunately Schlesinger and Salt still do not live. The second disc has three fantastic highlighting documents - the back-documentary "After Midnight: The Reflections of the Classic 35 Years Later", which includes comments from Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and related archive materials as a Voight screen test; "Inconsistency and praise" that explores the film's original X rating and public response to the film; and respect for the director "Schlesinger Celebration".
