John Schlesinger's 'Midnight Cowboy' is probably the most important because he is the only X-rated film in Academy history to get the Oscar for the best picture. That was definitely how I first heard about it, and to be honest, I didn't really expect much of the movie. This does not mean that I thought it would be terrible, but somehow I didn't think it was a movie I would look at. This is one reason why you should never trust your instincts in such ways? A remarkable combination of star behavior, ambitious leadership and a memorable soundtrack ("I speak to me, I don't hear any words they say") make this movie one of the best in life, naivety and friendship released. <br /> <br /> Young Joe Buck (then newcomer Jon Voight), dressed proudly like a rodeo cowboy, will travel from Texas to New York to look for a new life as a hustler, male prostitute. However, women do not seem to be willing to pay for their services, and Joe lives in extreme poverty as his money supply begins to dry up. During these exploits, Joe Enrico will meet "Ratso" with Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly corrupted fraudster who initially tries to withdraw Joe's entire money. When they realize that they are both in the same situation, Ratso Joe offers a stopover and, working together, will try to (largely dishonest) New York's cold and harsh metropolis. / / <br /> Joe was convinced that women in New York are more than willing to pay for sex; his first business, however, ends with his innocent payment (Sylvia Miles) of twenty dollars. Although he may consider himself somewhat intelligent, Ratso is as naive as Joe. Ratso, the cough of his painful limping and hacking, is always convinced that if he could only travel to Miami, it would be fine. This erroneous expectation that things will so easily heal, recalls Lennie and George's Steinbeck classic novel Mice and Men. <br /> <br /> On the streets of New York, "Midnight Cowboy" is a terribly realistic look at the slums of life, and when we watch the film, we can almost feel ourselves in the dirty, unheated residences of Ratso, our joints stayed cold from the cold in the winter. where both Voight and Hoffman are masterfully depicting two decadent drops of modern society, especially Hoffman in his role as an extraordinary (I go here! I go here!), I manage to manage well after his much acclaimed debut in 1967 " The graduate ". Later, both stars were named the best actress Oscar (also called actresses? Sylvia Miles, for a look that could not be more than five minutes), although both lost John Wayne's" True Grit. "Midnight Cowboy" finally won three Oscars from seven nominations, including the best pictures, the best managers for Schlesinger and the best writing for Waldo's salt. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is mainly spoken linearly, Although there are many setbacks to Joe's past, instead of explicitly explaining what these short extracts really are, the audience is invited to think about it and how these circumstances might have been Go to Joe for this road. The Achingly-beautiful final scene leaves us with the glow of hope, but with a great deal of uncertainty. The cool, thought-provoking and intense exciting, "Midnight Cowboy" is one for ages.
