Horror is probably one of two genres where logic may not always be imagined. We all know that murderers like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface should not be able to maintain the pain they are doing and live on to fight another day. Most of us do not believe that zombies will rise from the dead to the people and eat their brains. We hope that at least some people will know that if you enter such places as Funhoused and old manors, you cannot cope with unexplained crimes. This is where imagination overcomes facts. Horror and most movies in general require that we stop our belief for a couple of hours and go with the flow. Usually, this is not a problem when I look at George C. Scott's stairs bouncing on stairs, or when I see in Burketsville in the woods the power of three amateur filmmakers. But what I have a problem with digestion (without wanting to restore) is when the movie has a killer like in this movie. Give away who the killer is, would be really a big spoiler and it would take all the fun to look at it, but just enough to say that I actually enjoyed this movie until the final scene when the killer appears. There are too many events in the film that testify that the killer is who it is. But 90 minutes before this point, there is a well-made, varied, blood-moistened film headed by John Hough's panache and skill. If the film had offered me a different killer, I'd be blatant about that. It may seem like an entirely asinine reason to discredit the film, but believe me, anyone who has seen the movie will almost certainly agree with me. <br /> <br /> John Cassevets is played by Dr. Sam Cordelli. He and his daughter Jenny (who has played great at Erin Flannery) have recently moved to this small town in New England. Cordell is a recent widow and it is not clear how her wife died. We see a series of setback scenes where a mysterious woman (who can assume that she is her husband) will land on the ground upside down when it is strong. His face is bloody and his eyes are closed. Again, I'm not sure who this woman is and what is her importance story, but she's still there. Cassevets, which must be mentioned, are weird to say. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems to be a bit more than an older one. There are some scenes that suggest incragous opportunities. It never comes, but it seems to be almighty, but somewhere just underway. Fortunately, the film never explores this relationship, but it makes you a little calm. <br /> <br /> Casevettes seem like a clover between actor John Leslie and big James Caan. She has a treacherous smile and a formal, pronounced voice that makes you sit and notice. But he also looks to turn off every scene during the business lunch. She just has this slim, unpleasant, phlegmatic and restless way with her. She doesn't really see she can trust this movie. I think it's a credit to writers, director, and Cassevets. There was always something that just disturbed her character. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a great note because two would be lovers in a local quarry. Nearby is a dirty old change, as we see, something or someone looks at them. When the young man shortly disappears to get something out of the truck, the young woman travels in the shade to play prank. When he is there, he is attacked. The young man breaks down to find her, and she's caught with a table and a nail. When a young man arrives at a desperate place during his income, he desperately looks out. He desperately sees space and collides with his so-called. This is a very tense moment and it starts with the right note of the movie. <br /> <br /> There is also a story about tangled young men, Tim, who seems to be a strange dreams of a woman with a torture chamber surrounded by men wearing their faces. Tim seems to think that his dreams have something to do with murders, because every time he is murdered, he has another dream. Sneakers in a quiet and blurry grandmother, a sailor's female reporter and a strong but convincing local sheriff, and you have all the necessary ingredients to create an imbroglio in a small town in Galen. <br /> <br /> The film more people have been killed, but mostly men are killed with extreme prejudice and women are raped. This is my first weak (and cautious) attempt to tell you that this is what I was unconvinced by persuasion. It just didn't hit the right chord. <br /> <br /> Incubus is a well-made film. It's tight, tight, and even most of the performances are very well done. I was interested in the dreams that Tim had, and I was worried about the importance they had of the story and, finally, the murders. But when you get through everything that was good in the movie, you still have that acerbic taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweet. <br /> <br /> 7 out of ten - It could have been nine. Damage.
