If you ever have the chance to see Sandra Bernhard's lively personality, then move better. I saw him last year in Los Angeles opening his whole and beautiful tour, and I still can't believe I was in the first row and luck to experience such a phenomenal show. He is now in New York with an exhibition and it coincides with his groundbreaking stunner release, "Without You." We've lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith has no activity, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to head on, but Sandra does more than Babs leaves. Okay, I want to know, Mrs. Bernhard has little of these influential entertainers and much more. I really wanted this film because of the truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (from Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and the script that defines decades of decadence, joy, sadness, ups and downs. and 80s. My opinion is that many (and I mean, ALL) comics have been lifted, okay directly stolen, so much of this exhibition, if not Sandra. I don't name the name, but fire, people, you and I know who they are. Look, the thing is, Bernhard is playing with his rules. This film, as well as his live performances, shows that he is a performer who has stayed in the schools of old exhibition schools and has postponed it. His performances resemble smoky jazz clubs (Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 70s TV shows, intimate cabarets and concerts that resemble Judy Garland Joan Jett. Most comedians couldn't even touch where Sandra comes from or goes. So, here I was a year ago, watching Sandraid Silent at the Movie Theater, being in fear and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show, give her something that meant something to me that would hopefully mean something to her. But I listen to my copy that hurts him and just thank him for praying to make me laugh, making me think, making me FEEL. You can't deny this woman's presence, and you can't definitely deny the talent that just hurts the stage. He's still here, hell, even after you release the You You Nothing, about 15 years ago. And otherwise he looks good. I know this for the first time walking around the theater, one of the audience members said, "He's so much fun ... and he still looks incredible! If you can't live yet, check out this movie. I hope Sandra sees it." You thought of me a lot of hell, got me through tough crazy times. If you can send me an e-mail, please do it. And it will continue to do so for me, come, people, give it to lady !!!!
