"Pet Sematary" succeeds in two main cases. First, it's a scary movie. Those that are not produced these days. Secondly, it is an emotional and smart film. So, if you are looking for chills, intimidation, terrible and visually stunning settings, great actions, dialogues and bad effects; this is the movie you are looking for. Classic now and really must see every Horror fan. Probably the best adaptation to any royal novels. Events are a bit faster than the novel, but that doesn't mean that this underrated movie is not a complete Horror / Drama achievement. Stephen King's novel is widely known at the same time as very emotional and harsh. The film has the same feeling mainly because it has a great character development and you can feel a loving relationship between its members. Then, when everything seems to be happy (technically happy because the title "Pet Sematary" does not offer appiness!), Transforms the tragic event into the movie atmosphere, now it becomes very dark. The film has a bad feeling since the early years, but after Gage's killing, the film becomes sad, gray, horrible. Addressing the loss of a child's son is something that can ruin the whole life of the family and "Pet Sematary" proves it dramatically. The legend behind the animal schema is more than a myth that no one wants to experience it, but sadness and despair cause an emotionally destroyed father to hit him. Unfortunately, legend and baby Gage comes back from the dead. The previous meeting with the pet peninsula legend turned out to be a tragedy, but this time it is much worse. What happened to the life of our entire American family? Does Pascow prevent this tragedy? What is it with surreal nightmares? <br /> <br /> Watch "Pet Sematary" to recognize the most emotional Horror movies of recent times. You will not regret. Action is very good, although I did not complain about the actor depicting the father. He didn't seem to be disturbed enough when the situation was desperate. But that's just my opinion. Denise Crosby gave a really great result and worked perfectly as a noble gentle mother. Baby Gage was amazing even in its horrible parts. * Shivers *. In general, it is a great classic and annoying film of all time about the deeper fears of people ... what you love, the dead return, and despair. <br /> <br /> Something is definitely ... I don't want to be buried, pet sematary!
