Louis Creed, a physician based in Chicago, is moving into a big house near a small town as he gives classes at Maine University. With her, her husband Rachel and their two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as Ellie's cat, are the church. Soon they met their new neighbor and old man Judd Crandall.Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel of the danger of a road running through his house (which is constantly being used by large trucks), but also showing a family pet cemetery near their house . Judd starts talking about the importance of a pet cemetery, but Rachel does not want to talk about death and spirituality with her children because she has trauma from her sister Zelda's death. <br /> <br /> In the first week, the family in the new house, Louis has already dead people to deal with: Victor Pascow, a student injured in a car accident, is dealing with his dying words to Louis, although two men are strangers. In the evening, after the death of Lazarus, Louis is experiencing what he believes is a very lively dream in which he will meet with a guy who takes him to a pet cemetery and warns Louis not to "go any further, no matter how much you feel you need." Louis wakes up in bed the following morning, convinced that it was just a dream until he discovered his feet and bedspreads covered with dirt and pine needles. Anyway, he dreams of a dream. Many strange things will happen and the church, Ellie's cat, will die on the road. Louis is concerned about how he talks to Ellie about the death of the church, but Judd, who knows him, Jud takes Louis to the pet cemetery, which is said to bury the church. But instead of stopping there, Judi Louis takes a far farther journey to the "real cemetery" - an ancient burial site used by Micmac ("... Indians ..."). There, Louis strikes the cat with Judi's instructions, where Jud said the animals that were buried there had returned. And this is where the real horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> I personally think this movie is very good. It is not the most terrible, but it is one of the best horror films I watched. How Gage dies is almost impossible to stay in memory, especially for toddlers. It's cool to see Stephen King's home as a funeral organizer. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some script errors: How can a small child's rich doctor go to a place where there is a dangerous road near his house? How does Gage have no scratches or anything after a truck strike? Why does Louis continue to revive every member of his family, knowing that they are all like monsters? Such things do not make any sense, but I understand that all scripts of horror must work with some surreal ideas. <br /> <br /> A good movie I saw in this movie is the need to talk to death with children, no matter what your religion is, or if you are an atheist, and avoiding important topics doesn't help. Since Louis was afraid to be honest with Ellie, facing him and saying that his cat wasn't coming back, the whole nightmare began.
