As for Pet Sematary trivia, George Romero (director of two Stephen King songs, Creepshow and Dark Half) was named direct and then pulled out. One wonders what he would have brought to the film, as director Mary Lambert, though not a really bad director, really does not bring such imagination to the custom of this king's novel he wrote. Of course, there are some very effective grotesque surreal scenes (mostly involving sister Zelda, probably a bigger outflow for children when they see this movie), and casting some roles is perfect. Sometimes it sometimes seems lost, some kind of style that could respond unmistakably to a King-like atmosphere, which is in this case about as sick as you get without inconvenient cannibals who rise from the tombs who have been thrown (who knows if it saves it for your final novel ...) <br /> <br /> As mentioned, some castings are terrible, especially Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, a little boy who goes from one of the sweetest little kids on this side of the 80's horror movies, being a small monster (I say this as a compliment, of course, especially scenes that mark a certain scalpel). Fred Gwynne also has a juicy supportive role from Munsters, who plays this old, secret man with the right notes in the undertones and deadly tones. And applause goes to somebody who made Andrew Hubatsek in the make-up. But there are still some mistakes in the second cast; Dale Midkiff is good, not big, because the contradictory, disrupted father figure Creed and his daughter Ellie play an actor who just didn't work for me at all. <br /> <br /> In terms of setting up some coolers, but a few really stand: a certain plot of thickening moment (not spoiling, it includes the Gulf of Ramones song) and the first visit to a pet sematary (bigger), including a sort of mystical record, the king was Shining. In most cases, this is a very polished guiding work, even though it could have become even darker to match the script. If it is logically understood (albeit royally), it is actually more effective in its period. But it doesn't add as it could or should. However, this makes a small midnight movie.
