"Pet Sematary" is the adaptation of the same title by Stephen King. The story follows religious beliefs - the whole American middle-class family who is moving to the country. The family includes Louis and Rachel and their two little children, Ellie and their toddler, Gage. The house cannot be better and the family will meet a strange but friendly old, Judy, who lives across the road. He leads them to the old road in the woods one day when there is a pet cemetery filled with tombs for a large number of animals. And beyond that, the sacred burial ground of India, which seems to have strange power, remains. When a family cat, a church, is killed, Louis sees it as suitable for burying a pet cemetery - and strangely enough, right after that, the church returns. But now he's something evil, he's not the same cat he used to be. And when a tragic accident takes a young Gage's life, Louis decides to apply the same concept in the hope of restoring his dead son ... unfortunately he gets more than he wanted. <br /> <br /> Having read Stephenit King's novel, I can say that the book is much better than film. Not to say that the movie is bad because it's not - the book is a little better. The true strength of this film is the story that is as strange as the extremely original, something the king's stories are usually known for. The script is very well adapted to the story, and although it is very different in some aspects, it is a pretty good page-to-screen conversion. Here and there are some holes in the plot, but nothing big. In addition, this movie is really scary and manages to do it. The movie has some really disturbing scenes and I have to say that Rachel's sister Zelda's recall is number one. To be honest, this is one of the more disgusting and disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not gory and bloody, it's just flat. One thing is for sure that this picture will not leave soon. <br /> <br /> The performances of this movie were all very good and I had no problem there. In fact, this movie is on the big side, there are many unpleasant little queues to please all the whores there, including the end shockers. I really liked the way they finished the movie, it was steep and somewhat vague, but it worked better for all things. <br /> <br /> In general, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror movie that I am. d advise those who are either Stephen King fans or just genre fans in general. The story is the greatest asset of the film and it is also horrible. One of the best Stephen King adjustments I would say. 7/10
