The ring was made from the only scenario Hitchcock himself wrote, and it does, like many of his first pictures, with the triangle of love. At first glance, Cecil seems to be a more cynical innovation of B. De Mille's moral comedies related to infidelity, but more than this is the first true image of Hitchcock. Even if he had not yet used the ideas and motives of the temporary thrillers, he developed at least the means to establish intercourse. <br /> <br /> Besides being a student of German Expressionist style, the rhythmic editing style of Sergei Eisenstein had an effect on Hitchcock. But here he keeps pace not only with the changes but with the content of the images. This is evident from the opening, where driving on a spinning field creates a perfectly smooth pace. And like Eisenstein, it seems that the editing style refers to sound? for example, when the second part of the pillar is symbolized, we hear almost unconsciously because the picture is so dirty. <br /> <br /> There is also a contrast, especially with a quiet movie. USA, the Ring is not too full of headlines. As far as possible, this image is transmitted, and Hitch has enough faith in the audience to either read or at least conclude the meaning of most of the characters. And it's not done with busy insignia or excessive action, it's all done with the right angles and the right timing, especially with viewpoints, as well as some strong but subtle performances. Unfortunately, some too many obvious expressionist devices (especially double exposures), many of which were unnecessary, are much less than Lodger. <br /> <br /> Let us make some respectable reputation for the above participants. First up, amazingly beautiful and very talented in the leading role of Carl Brisson. In spite of my talents, I was a little confused at the beginning, why he got a role because he honestly sees him as a ballet dancer rather than a pug. But it just shows how much I know, as it turns out that Brisson was actually a former professional boxer and inexperienced. Playing my rival is competent Ian Hunter, who continues his long career in supporting roles until the 60s. The most demanding role in the ring must be what has been given to Lillian Hall-Davis, who has been torn between two love. He pulls it out very well, but it is emotional, underestimated, and it's a disgrace that his career does not last in the age of sound. And last but not least, the great Gordon Harker offers some comic relief in what is probably his best role. <br /> <br /> The Ring Climate Fighting scene is one of the most impressive moments of Hitchcock's quietest era. Martin Scorcese was able to watch the Ring when he led the fighting scenes at Raging Bull, as his key word for these scenes was "Stay in Circle". Fighting in the Circle begins somewhat with the usual long frames, but when it intensifies, Hitchcock drops us to the middle, with close-ups and points of view. The goal of Hitchcock always seems to be involved in his audience, and it was crucial in his later career, where the secret of his success was often to put the character into fear or paranoia. <br /> <br /> Ring really deserves more recognition than worse but better known Lodger. It is a much more polished and professional job than in the previous picture and probably the best of all its silent qualities.
