I have the entire Weissmuller Tarzan series on DVD (fully restored releases) and I never talk about them. My personal favorite is "Tarzan and his mate", which is completely (and almost entirely) due to Maureen O'Sullivan's costume and the occasional flashing of his genital area under his leather flap hanging in front. Before anyone claims to be A - it wasn't really her, or B - it wasn't exactly what it looks like, let me tell you that I've looked at it several times in high zoom mode and trust me ... it's her , and she's totally naked under this costume ... many times, especially at the end of the lion's attack, careful viewing in slow motion and maximum zoom that she was shaved, except for a tiny dark hair patch covering her labia ... this mistake at all. As for the swimming place, which is double in the "leather" suit, yes, it is double, but it does not wear any "leather" suits or anything else ... again, the slow movement and the maximum zoom show everything to those who want to see it. Now, this controversial path, let's go on to the real movie ... I thought the script was really well thought out and written tightly ... The sequences were just big, though obviously the stuntman who rides the rhinoceros, Weissmuller is actually dealing with a big male Lion. .. The use of wallpapers, which were African units, is very well blended with studio and US locations, so it is sometimes difficult to say what it is. Do not complain too much, remember that 90% of all movies are still fake, so just relax and enjoy the fucking thing with a big bowl of popcorn, cold beer and fresh smoking packaging ... sexy and ready girlfriend / husband is not out ... lol. Oh ... One last word of nudity ... at the beginning, while white hunters talk about dialogue, keep their eyes on background stories ... there are many good pictures of naked African girls (probably being photographed on the ground) behind them. One more thing, the film is not racist to the standards of the 1930s to the 1960s ... that is, colored people were then thinking and imagining. Shaft had not even thought about it at that time, nor had the target groups historically accepted any of their other images. Safari actually used the natives who carry their luggage, and the Tiny character died of heroic death, trying to save white hunters and Jane. In fact, Hollywood didn't start to see that it was good when Gene Autry met his native American Americans and colorful people in his Western countries like real people.
