Tarzan and his companion (1934) were the only Tarzan movie I didn't see when I was a kid. It sounded boring. Now I've seen it. I've seen a monkey man (1932) about a hundred times and I keep a copy of my ride. This is a remarkable movie. It's almost flawless. But Tarzan and his companion (1934) are burning. It is not harmonious and its parts live a living life there. Some themselves are often very good and the sequences of action are great. A big budget is expensive. Tarzan himself is together. Jane dominates. She has developed and become such a sexy girl that I forget about criticism and sing her praise. Well. He let him fall, who kisses him and later murders the elephant. She requires Tarzan to wear a bracelet that belonged to her father. Forever. This thing would be divided into pieces when he went into his jungle. Stupid? Later, someone found it in the river. Well this should prove that Tarzan is dead. Some cheap drama. The crocuses with obvious interest in dead Tarzan convinced Jane that she was gone. He takes his words for granted and wants to take it away (to England). It seems that stupid Jane has forgotten how tough Tarzan is how hard she is to kill. Karavan leaves and Jane goes by. Again the well. He could easily change caravans for a few hours to take a few things and say goodbye to the jungle and his dead wife. He may be smart. He could dive where they found a floating bracelet, check the traces of the banks. He can come in within 15 seconds and swing in Liana. Picking up the tracks should not be too heavy for the jungle Jane. He could talk to monkeys and so on. When he got home to England, he'd made it unhappy. Jane is smart, but the cheap drama brings her down. And why is he on earth when he can kiss with violence, "that I blame myself as much as you". Maybe a punishment for squatting? Nonsense. Fighting, a hard blow and talking to Tarzan would be appropriate. Still. This movie is far from bad even when the jugs are many and sometimes deep. Just lean and enjoy. It's Tarzan and Jane for God.
