One year after the disappearance of lost Jane Parker (Maureen O'Sullivan) to love rival Tarzan, the hunter Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) returns to the jungle to get another pool to win the brunette baby's heart. By mixing the business with joy, he also plans to grab the ivory, located outside the Mutia, into Tarzan's floor space. Harry finally arrives at his destination (narrowly preventing death in the hands of wild indigenous people and rocky monkeys) to find that Jane is still with a polarized ioder and, worse still, that Tarzan refuses to let hunters shoot Nasty Arlington decides to deal with harassment and shooting with a monkey and then say Jane and Holt that the Crocodile attacked and eats Tarzan. Of course Tarzan is not dead only wounded; After Cheetah has brought back health (!), he returns in time to rescue Jane's desperate lion-eaters who have attacked the Holt expedition. <br /> <br /> Tarzan and his companion for another film for Weismuller, who is a jungle man with a few words, often quotes fans as the best in the series; Although I prefer a little original, I can definitely understand the popularity of the film: it's fucking sexy and there are some great sequences of action! The indisputable chemistry between Weismuller and O'Sullivan is fabulous and leads to pretty steaming scenes, and both stars wear eensy-weensy clothes, so viewers of both sexes have eye candy (although O'Sullivan is a very touted underwater naked scene that the body twice doing, the beautiful boy still shows a lot of skin, threatening to even make a "Sharon Stone" at one point, as his back-flaps flaps on one side!). <br /> <br /> The most exciting moments of the film come in the form of an excellent underwater struggle between Tarzan and the crocodile, and a remarkable finale where Jane is attacked by lions and natives, but rescues her beau, her monkey and elephants in full lion-crushing mode (Again, violence is at times surprisingly disgusting, although it seems to me that nothing is as shocking as the first movie from the malevolent and their gorilla pit). Cheetah also has a fair share of excitement, rushing his nose, crocs and big cats, riding on the back of Tarzan when he crosses the river, and even jumping on the ostrich. <br /> <br /> Like its predecessor, Tarzan And His Mate suffer from some bad effects and convincing props that are bad back projects, some ridiculous monkeys, more Indian elephants who disguise themselves as African relatives, and poorly hidden trapezes. swings, but they shouldn't ruin your enjoyment of this very fun movie. If anything, they make it even more fun! <br /> <br /> 8.5 out of 10, rounded to 9 for IMDb.
