This superbly directed fantasy is the second most popular MGM-erroneous Tarzani series. This is a first-class adventure for a number of reasons - I recommend - exquisite photography, strong imagination, delightful cast, good simulated jungle locations and a very exciting story. Johnny Weissmuller, unlike Edgar Rice Burroughs, plays a mono-opaque unsorted variety Tarzani; but he is honest, loyal, brave and very courageous, and he must be in this narrative. Like Jane Parker, her husband, who had been in the novels Jane Porter, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively, as well as sporty, where the script requires this quality. The effect of lighting, spacious and smart sets is quite unusual. This is an outing that has been filmed in the back of the MGM that really works. The excellent Mutir Escarpment is a remote area that allows Tarzan and Jane to live undisturbed; but the people who are looking for them will come to their idyll, the Jane MEPs of civilization will be left behind and where Tarzan could not really be comfortable. One is Harry Holt, who still loves him to return to his civilization with his friend; dress and perfume interest her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan must protect him from many wild animals, scenes that look like a humanized king. The group argues that it wants to hunt the animals, and Tarzan agrees that Jane is interested in the trap of a big game; but at some point, the ivory and the success of success will cause the head of the expedition. Tarzan is fired, left dead; and the group forced Jane to accompany them with the expedition as they follow a deadly elephant in a fabulous "elephant tomb". But they find an area guarded by a savage tribe and attacked by lions. Tarzan rides with the elephant he has revived to call; in the most spectacular scene with an elephant, he rescues Jane and remains on an expedition who returns home a little richer, but much smarter when Jane continues her wild idyll with her new man. The film was directed by Cedric Gibbons, and also quite nicely. His work and lighting are outstanding achievements of this entertaining and exciting film that can seem real despite all the Hollywood shortcomings from start to finish. Neil Hamilton is very good at Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before and after he's thoroughly bad. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry are very professionally rounding a small story. Unusual and well-understood fantasy movie with the confrontation of interesting situations and strong dialogue. Recommended.
