"Tarzan and his mate", another of MGM's Tarzan images, will rise one year after "Tarzan Ape Man" events. Tarzan and Jane have lived happily in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the first film expeditions) is returning, this time with less than honorable Martin Arlington looking for an elephant tomb from the tomb. Of course, there are various dangerous and exciting adventures along the way. <br /> <br /> The first movie romanticized everything - jungle, adventure, romance, wildlife and even death. The second movie still has a lot of romance and many wonderful sequences of action, but the action is based on a more serious tone. Characters dare to ask such questions: What if something happened to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she had stayed in the middle of the jungle and had to hold her? Although these are probably the questions that real people are asking in this situation, it creates a number of jokes that are not always as fun as the original throw-warning-wind attitude. <br /> <br /> One of the most pleasing aspects of this movie is the relationship between Tarzan and Jane. Tarzan still speaks a very broken English language, but she has learned some new words from her associates. In addition, their love for each other has flourished and we feel they have really spent the year with the jungle. <br /> <br /> Most people like "Tarzan and His Mate" better than the original "Tarzan the Ape Man". I liked the first movie just a little better. The main reason is that the relationship between Harry Holt & Martin's Arlington team is not nearly as pleasant as Holt's relationship with James Parker's (Jane's father) original. Mr Arlington's character could have worked as an excellent movie, but he's playing too much of the hero. The film can never decide whether we want him or hate him. (Also, I don't want to give away anything, but in one scene where we should hate her clearly, Jane doesn't find these events so the end isn't as satisfactory as it could have been.) But all these detectors are relatively small and is still a great movie. the greatest romances of all time. If you liked the first movie, then this is definitely a sequel.
