Well, I heard somewhere that Ossessione is a genre of Italian film and mine, especially Giallo, especially the predecessor of a favorite, but in fact, besides being a thriller made in Italy; two of them do not have much connection. In the seventies and seventies, Italian filmmakers would gain a reputation to capture almost every successful American film. They have not done this here, but Ossessione follows almost exactly the same story as the American film "Postman always rings twice" without giving credit to the author of the book, James M. Cain! Anyway, the plot will focus on Gino Costa, a beautiful staircase that accidentally stumbles into a café where Giovanna Bragana works. He will soon learn that he is married to Giuseppe; a big fat annoying guy whom Giovanna can't even touch her. He wants their couple to flee together, but he doesn't want that idea. But fate ends with intervention, and his plan to murder his wife is successful ... <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film loses credibility to the author whose story is based on it, it is not credited. it is said that director Luchino Visconti applies the film's noir style well and I prefer the atmosphere of this film to some of the greatest American noir classics. The story is, as you think, extremely strong and Visconti is able to bring good results from his performance. Visconti pulls the movie a bit too much and, with almost 135 minutes of running time, I felt that the story was too long to justify that length. I feel almost guilty of leveling Ossessione's criticism because it's a good movie, but it's not a "big" movie. The relationship between the two central characters has never been properly studied and it seems that the film is sharper than it disturbs us, but does not let us into the heads of the characters. There is not much secret in the plot, because we always know what is happening and not always focusing on the characters themselves; the film is not as interesting as it could have been. Nonetheless, it is an interesting viewing and that's why it is recommended ... although it is not as good as the same version of James M. Cain's classic 1946 version.
