Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray Murder In 1927, Ogden Nashi inspired a Broadway game called Machinal. It is even more known that it inspired James M. Cain to write two short novels that everyone who has actually reached the point where they read this review - Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings twice. Both became classics of the 1940s film, and Double Indemnity is by far the most complete noir. Some of the real elements of the Snyder-Gray story were confirmed by Cain - the old age and indifference of Albert Gray, the high sex race of Rutd, the passionate affair of Ruth and Judd, and the murder murder, and that was a double indemnity insurance clause. The missing elements included the fact that the actual setup was very out of city Manhattan - Albert Snyder is a reputable newspaper editor. Numerous incompetent and failed attempts were also ignored for chase. <br /> <br /> Cain's double reward was filmed perfectly by Billy Wilder - we ignore Stanwycki's ridiculous wig as one of those interesting film studies! Postman always rings twice twice, however, and Ossessione, the Italian version and Luchino Visconti's first film, were the first of three versions. Before commenting on this, I recommend Lana Turner - John Garfield's 1946 version as a whole and five minutes for the 1981 Jack Nicholson - Jessica Lange version of the great sexual scene. <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not as funny as Postman always rings twice. It has a strong neo-realistic look that makes it a great movie, but there are not many important Noir elements. It does not have low key lighting or conventional camera corners. The dialogue is not hard-boiled and instead the film focuses on characterization. It is the longest version of the story and it goes deep into the characterization. It's also much more sexual than the Lana Turner version. We have very obvious adulterous relationships and Giovanna is probably a nymphoma. Story - La Spagnola - Introduces a new character with very obvious homosexual tones. There is also a small but very well-played role for the dancer who illuminates the prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a much larger workgroup survey than crime. The audience really gets poverty and bad feeling. Tear is a complete tramp, a woman is not Lana Turner and may even be a pre-marriage prostitute. His wife is obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. I think this movie was great for this movie. My only beef is longer working. Everything has been pulled too long and would have been more efficient if it had been more economical. Still, fans and realism definitely like Ossessione, as I did.
