This movie is James Cain's novel pendant, POSTMAN ARE ROADS doubles. Obviously, the director and the producer never paid for the rights of this story - perhaps the fact that we were in the middle of the struggle against Italians during World War II could take into account their forgetting to consider royalties! However, this movie is not an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. In some ways, it is much better and it is definitely not so in other ways. <br /> <br /> The three average characters in this movie are really ugly. In fact, lovers of men and women are a bit sudden. The man's head is quite common, except for his strong body coat (especially on the back and shoulders) and his lady's life is, frankly, uncomfortable. They are very far from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the malicious spouse is really, really obese and loves to walk half-winded - and her colleague in the American film Cecil Kellaway is definitely a better look (and probably better than the other two Italian leaders, in fact). And this discomfort is generally the reason why I preferred an Italian movie - because I just couldn't imagine a finely woven "cup" like Lana Turner with Kellaway somewhere - I'm 100% sure she would have had dozens of better deals! As an Italian woman cannot honestly say she could have done much better and it made the marriage really credible. <br /> <br /> Part of the credibility of the Italian film is due to the nuance of how it deals with sex. Sanitary American movies are trying to believe that although Turner and Garfield will kill Kellaway, they will never have sex! It's pretty stupid and completely unreal. In addition to the casual sexuality of the film, it is also a casual life in showing the delicate sides - a lot of sweaty people, strips hanging on the kitchen table, and everything seemed to be needed in the bath. <br /> <br /> The film is also a rather fast pace compared to the surplus American film. And what you can't do for the sake of brevity is not all good. The film does not have much of American style and polishing - with sharper materials, relatively poor orchestra and sets. Surely this is not a real movie, but the neo-realistic style makes the movie more realistic. However, it is unable to compensate for the short cuts in the plot. Many of the elements of a later American version of the plot are either completely lost or gone. And at the end, it seems much less interesting than the American film - and it goes beyond the whole human nature dilemma when Turner and Garfield turn to each other like rats (the best part of the American film). <br /> <br /> So what is a better movie? Well, a lot of this probably depends on you. As for me, the Warner Brothers movie was just too polished and too unreal (although many like this style and might not like watching movies with subtitles), but it was a great ending. And the Italian movie was a lot, much more realistic - until it was too dirty. So neither film is exactly big, but I would give my acquaintance that one of Italy is a little better. It is too bad for them not to combine the best elements of both films into one exceptional film.
