Iphigeniaga is Mikhali Cacoyannis, the first film director who has successfully screened the ancient Greek theater. His own scenario, the adaptation of the Euripid tragedy, was far from easy compared to the other two trilogy films. The story is very carefully deconstructed from the Euripides version and placed in a logical, strictly chronological framework that better matches contemporary movie methods. Cacoyann also added some characters to his film that are not evident in the Euripides tragedy: Odyssey, Calchas, and the Army. This was done to make some Euripide points clearer about war, church and government. Finally, Cacoyannis 'End of Iphigenia' is somewhat unclear compared to Euripides. <br /> <br /> The film was shot in Aulis. Giorgos Arvanitis, the director of the photographer, shows us a harsh but beautiful Greece, where it seems that time has passed since homeric days. He uses bodies, dry land, ruins, intense light and darkness. The harshness of the landscape is particularly suited to the soul of symbols. The camera uses the total number of available frames, from a long time, enhancing the size and destruction of the landscape, as well as engaging the human reach into extreme close-ups, dissecting and testing deeply tortured characters. . Especially the opening of the film with bold and accelerating surveillance, shot down along the coastline, followed by an air view of many thousands of soldiers on the beachfront, is a very effective tool for Agamemnon's powerful political and military words, but "sublime" cannot be described in Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Papas embody the tragedy of classical Greece. The character of Kazakhstan is extremely down and his powerful look at the camera, more than his words, shows the incredible torment that his soul tears. Irene Papas is a modern quintessence of classic Greek games. In Iphigenia, he is terribly terrible and the more we know is his revenge. Tatyana Papamoskou is in her first role on the screen with an outstanding innocent Iphigenia, which runs counter to her father's beautiful image of Agamemnon, <br /> <br /> Cacoyann is loyal to Euripides in her representation of other characters: Odyssey is a clever, skeptical politician, Achilles, a useless narcissistic warrior, Menalaus is self-centered, obsessed with his honor, eagerly enthusiastic, and restoring his wife and property. <br /> <br /> Costumes and kits are realistic: there's no Hollywood. The Agamemnon quarters resemble a candle, dresses like others, including utilitarian, hand-woven, plain brown. The Clytemnestra Royal Caravan is made of rough wooden carriages. <br /> <br /> Music has been produced by modern music composer Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis score enhances dramatic and cinematic development, reflects the psychological aspect of tragedy and increases its dimensions and reality. <br /> <br /> This movie and the story he tells provide a remarkable insight into the lost world of the thought of Greece, which was so much in our modern civilization. It teaches us much more than individuals and social and political beings. Euripides questions the value of war and patriotism, measured by the simple virtues of family and love, and reflects the woman's vulnerable situation in the world of men's violence. When adjusting for the Euripides tragedy, Cacoyannis looks at all these issues in a modern, clear and dramatic sense. <br /> <br /> Relations between political mechanisms are clearly shown: war breaks and destroys the human soul to such an extent that neither the individual nor the group can work normally. A possible exception, with the exception of Menelaus, whose honor has loved his wife's partner, is everyone's motivation for the war with Troy, who has nothing to do with Helen: thirst for power (Agamemnon), greed (army, Odyssey) or honor (Achilles). And so, in a real sense, Helen was a mass destruction weapon for the Trojan war. The war, which had been removed from all homeric glamor and religious sanctions, was simply an imperialist effort, favored primarily by the desire for material gain, everything else was a convenient pretext. <br /> <br /> Another conflict that emerged in the movie is that between church and country. Calchas, representing the Church, challenging his priesthood power and wishing to destroy Agamemnon for insulting his goddess, tells him to sacrifice his daughter. By accepting the sacrifice, the king goes closer to his moral withdrawal, but by refusing to lose his power over the masses (his army) who are temporarily washed by religion. Of course, for Agamemnon, this is a game. The king must go with the herd, whether he believes honestly in the gods or not, until he understands too late that he has committed himself to a despicable pharisee. <br /> <br /> Is it a victim or a murder and how can we tell the difference between the two? Focusing on the violent and primitive horror of human sacrifice - and the worst - on the sacrifice of his child - creates a drama in Euripides / Cacoyann, which is immediately deeply political and agonizingly personal. This concerns the most complex and delicate ethical problem facing society: the terrible conflict between the needs of the individual and the needs of society. In the case of Iphigenia, as with Abraham and Isaac's literature, the father is asked to kill his child with his own hand. Which God requires this payment? Can it be fair or moral, even if it is divinely inspired? Finally, is the sacrifice of the daughter different from the death of all of the soldiers' sons and daughters? These are the deep questions raised by the two-hour film.
