The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN in 1932 caused a feeling. It may be hard to believe, 70 years later, but the film had much the same effect as MATRIX or RING. The Lord has attained a time when films and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an instant pop icon, "noble savage", which every woman fantasized, and everyone wanted her to be. The only person who was unhappy with the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who had accepted MGM's creative freedoms and enjoyed his remarkable control, a "fooled" version of his character (without having wanted to allow him). grew up ”) he was unfaithful to his vision (he started a producer and would soon make his Tarzan films). MGM, knowing its latest "star" value, knew that the sequel should be even more prominent than the original ... and TARZAN and its MATE delivered! <br /> <br /> The film had an interesting backdrop; MGM's legendary art director Cedric Gibbons had committed himself in the studio to lead the sequel before the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, despite the fact that he had never been directed before (the studio had not anticipated the film's impact and did not think the novice director would be) a lot of novelty "for the movie ... and they wanted the head of their Oscar winning department to stay happy). Gibbons, a proudly talented and imaginative visual artist, loved the Hollywood freedom of precursors and decided that TARZAN AND HIS MATE "push the envelope" to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane would swim in the nude and Jane feels like TOPLESS through most of the movie. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview just before her death, in 1998, when she was double-swimming, she trusted the studio and filmed "a few days" filming ... but it got too much headache that strategically catches her plants and fruits from her nipples to block, and the idea abandoned (movies that would be lucky these days)! Ending his "swimming" and the revised "jungle" costume, which was extremely provocative, very thin and on the open sides ... and the resulting intimidation would help create a Hays office and self-censorship that would soon involve the entire industry. <br /> <br /> MGM pulled Gibbon out of production (the "official" reason was his workload as an art director) and veteran Jack Conway was a new director to reassure critics ... although James C. McKay actually directed the film because Conway was busy 3 with another project The film includes VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> The film contained the finest elements of the original (safaris, murder tribes, Tarzan fighting with the jungle animals to save Jane) and actually improved storytelling. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), from the first film, will return to Elephants' Graveyard in Africa and try to attract Jane back to England, silk dresses, underwear and perfumes. He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), a cracking and intruder woman who casts Holt on the attacking Jane and pulls him into a potential "conquest" that is in any way (including killing Tarzan if and when he can do it) Tarzan can hardly with Jane hit her happy life and lay her foot, refusing hunters to let the tomb. Arlington finds his chance, grabbing the Ape Man alone, and letting him return to the camp with a ready story about his death. Now, Janeel has no reason to stay in the jungle and she can direct them to the tomb, before her long journey back to England. But the wild tribe and the embarrassing torture await the group ... whether Tarzan, who has brought his ape "family" back to health, will recover in time to save Jane? <br /> <br /> Although stock footage is being re-used extensively in the 30's, racial stereotypes are evident and gorillas are obviously ape-suits, TARZAN AND his MATE will achieve the insurmountability of another Tarzan movie, as well as the sexuality that even Bo Derek obviously erotic TARZAN, APE MAN couldn't touch. Johnny Weissmuller was top-notch, physically Maureen O'Sullivan was never more beautiful and "Africa" ​​never seemed more romantic and dangerous. <br /> <br /> TARZAN AND its MATE was a triumph (although it would have been edited for many years) and will remain the classic of the series today!
