Nowadays, when people hear the drama of the 1940s, they usually seem to have the irony of irony, claiming that it is the second tear-jerk of great characters in tragic, melancholic roles. However, this opinion does not resemble neorealistic films, especially those led by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE when his debut was censored once and ever pampered, because the almost realistic masterpiece is loved by some people and criticized by others. The controversial views of this film, which appeared over the last 65 years, seem to be due to the content of the film, which is extremely controversial for both today and the past. While it is based on James M. Cain's novel, POSTMAN's BEGINNING ROUNDS are double, one of the most realistic screen adjustments, where the director stays with his style, view, and art. I've seen the movie twice, and the second one took me to a very detailed analysis section I would like to show below. <br /> <br /> First of all, Visconti's film seems to touch on all the psychologies and activities that people can do in life, especially those that they want to absorb. These people make such tragic decisions despite the terrible consequences. Gino (Massimo Girotti), who carries a bear like shoulders, comes up at the junction of Ferrari near Ferrara and enters the tavern. While many people go there for dinner, Gino finds out more - much more: the beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai), who is already married to a senior man running a bar, Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa). His body and his song are completely in their minds and, from the moment of their first love, plan to get rid of the old obstacle and create a new life together ... But do people relate to wrong actions to their desire? Can you build love in murder? What is love and loyalty? Does the desire lead to dangerous addiction or even obsession? Such questions arise intensively when watching a movie, when the viewer is provided with a review of the characters. "We need to love each other tenderly" Giovanna seems to respond to all the crying conscience, but may wish that love justify and treat everything? "Isn't that what we both wanted," says one of the couples ... it happens that it is not. Therefore, the content of the film seems to be very dangerous if it is not analyzed with intellect and heart. At the same time, it keeps on thinking. <br /> <br /> Secondly, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point about modern viewers: great moments and wonderful cinematography that move with memorable sequences and visual power. They make the modern viewer realize that the film, made almost 70 years ago, is completely fun to watch. They range from delicious erotic images to purely technical images. Who can skip Ferrara from that moment, where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a sort of "Ragazza Perfetta" (perfect girl), dancer Anita and buys her ice cream. His wishes show him a completely different direction ... Do the spectators remain indifferent at the first Gino-Giovanna meeting? The camera's first focus is on Giovanna's feet, which seem to represent the carnal love Gino experiences. The stroke of admiration is Gino and Giovanna, who are leaving the research room, and the neighborhoods of shadows that draw our attention to a dubious look. Third, OSSESSIONE can flaunt both the lead pair and the supporting cast. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that working in this film had been one of the most difficult jobs he had ever done; consequently, what is going on is flawless behavior. He depicts a bisexual man who is crushed in desires, who commits a crime, but is unable to adhere to any object that reminds him of his victim conscience. His bisexuality is shown by Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), whom he meets in a very surprising condition on an Ancona train. Clara Calamai, who was cast in the resignation of an outstanding Anna Magnan, is very well suited and we can say that there is a real chemistry between the couple. They are both very convincing. I also liked the role of Juan De Langa in Bragana: he depicts an old wife who is not against his wife and who is still crazy about high art. In some of his smartest moments, he asks his wife to wash his back or walk on the empty streets to sing his favorite opera songs after a kind of karaoke performance. <br /> <br /> All in all, as today's viewers are able to look critically, this movie must be viewed objectively. Certainly, this art is due to the above aspects, it is also a powerful story due to its contradiction; Is this education? Visconti was not Fellini, who said he had not sent any message to humanity. In this case, his films are only entertaining (which is of course not Fellin's style). Visconti always had something to pass on. What did he want to say here? Is the film against bad marriages? Or is it against the wrong wishes? The last shocking moments say themselves. Although you don't have to agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is really a wonderful realistic movie that is one of Visconti's best 8/10
