Today's viewers are likely to watch a movie like Ossessione and didn't really think how unprecedented it was when it appeared. The film's structure really separates both happy Hollywood conventions and other great theater elements. It relies more on depicting reality in a very gloomy and sober light. Such films, neo-realistic films, were made to reflect the post-World War II sensitivity. Ossessione deals with some rather provocative problems that were unseen before the war, including adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, and so on. In addition to one crane and some musical expansion, the aesthetics of the film are very raw and sharp: on the spot, uses natural light and probably non-popular participants. All of these elements helped to convey the issues studied in the film by giving the following theme: Negative karmic consequences haunt those who deliberately act immorally. <br /> <br /> Two interfaces? Gino and Giovanna? but both have a mentality: we are bored and we want to be entertaining. Gino is a drift; a single traveler with life and constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a boring house-husband who is familiar with family persistence: he does not want to leave home and his wife, but rather to stay where he is because it is safer. Gino's lifestyle is the ideal lifestyle Giovanna craves; The only difference is that she is afraid to live by herself, so she falls in love with Gino: she represents everything she wants but doesn't have the courage to get it. He wants to live in a world free from the monotony of his living marriage? Gino is the perfect ticket to this world. The thing between the two most likely audiences between the 40s is somewhat restless. I mean, neo-realistic films never showed before scandalous behavior. At least, it was probably a little worrying. <br /> <br /> With this theme, neo-realistic style helps to show the negative consequences of adulterous behavior. Strangely enough, adultery (as shown in the film) leads to a dead and ultimately dead life. When Gino and Giovanna talk to each other about "eliminating Giovanna's husband", karma will be haunted by the plague after it is. They return to their homes: the atmosphere is dark and biting (as can be expected from neo-realistic style). They are not happy; they are actually depressed. They thought losing Giovanna's husband to live happier lives, but they were deceived. The film ends with the death of Giovanna, the karmic similarity of his man's death. I think this is a very satisfactory ending for a number of reasons. Here's why. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of talk about whether or not evil should be on the screen, and if so, to what extent. I think depicting evil is very necessary and only when the depicted evil is not respected, but rather shows the negative consequences of evil. As Ossessione's subtitle asks, is adultery and an evil murder? I think the film will respond eagerly yes! The adultery of these two shows how unhappy they are. Ironically, at the end of the film, when they seem to have recovered from depression and seen in the car, the author of the film shows that their happiness is actually a facade: the car runs down a cliff and river, killing Giovanna; police arrested Gino. I think it was the author's intention to say that although people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, karma eventually ends up being haunted. I agree. I think the two got what came to them because they were both incredibly selfish, always wanting instant joy and were not willing to endure the hard times. This was particularly evident after the first difficulties in the relationship between Gino and Giovanna: he was unable to live under the guise of Giovanna's husband, so he left the Giovanna and slept with another girl. This is typical of an unsatisfactory, hedonistic personality. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the film seemed very risky for the time. However, the audience was ready to see such a movie thanks to the innocent war. These pre-war, happy-happy movies were no longer believed. The audience in the film was ready to watch the hard films with complex letters: they wanted to see signs of life blended with so-called sin, because it reflected their own life's problems. Ossessione is a great catalyst for the future of the film. So it can be said that many of the naturalities seen today have influenced the movement of the neo-realistic film.
