Ossessione, loosely adapted (or if it is so loose or close to the version I always saw on James M. Cain's Postgame ring, twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange, which I can't be sure of), is the first time directed by Luchino Visconti. less prominent when using the wrong scene, music (both natives and non-natives) and actors. I didn't know what to expect from Visconti to approach his material after seeing La Terra Tremat and seeing how his political motivations sometimes collapse. But this is a completely characteristic and emotional drama that borders on the melodrama (but without them that reduces the minorities) and the style that is the best in the exciting film-and-motion movement, creating a debut that includes every new-realistic film. Neo-realism, by the way, can be rightly claimed, because it is the ancestor (with the children of De Sica who are watching us) that would develop after the war. Although love and romance are more played here than in some of the most famous neo-realistic endeavors, it is treated in the way of bare-bone narration, and it is blessed with other familiar topics in neo-realism (lower class, death. by which Visconti captures images, and then drives them with objects (towel Gino Costa profile) as guilty), shadows and darkness, which tend to cross many of the later scenes of the movie (usually over Giani and Giovanna) and the feeling of Italian streets in many outdoor conditions. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who lens some of Rossellini and Fellini's films) can imagine the look of Ossessione, which usually moves in nature, then stops to read so much emotion on her face, voice and fashion. ugly, sad and dark and romantic. I think I was just scratching the surface, how effective it was that the film was moving around me, even when I was afraid of the future of two leaders. The two leaders (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) represent all compelling, truthful, and almost operational emotions, and the main supporters are without these qualities. <br /> <br /> It is an excellent, destructive adaptation and it is a striking sign of what Visconti had to do during his career.
