Visconti's first feature, Ossessione, is James M. Cain's Postman Always Rings twice. Now, I don't know this book or other film versions, but I'm a big fan of Cain's double reward (much more than Billy Wilder's fan of this version). These two short stories seem to be very similar. Both represent an illegal love affair, where the evil woman complains morally to a weak person that her husband is worthless and meaningful to her. Giovanna, a woman in this Italian version, played very well by Clara Calamai, is not bad, which is embodied as a woman in double compensation, but seems very corrupted. His wife (a great performance by Juan de Landa) is a little cruel to him, but he strikes me as he is at least as uncompromising with him. She is older than her and uncomfortable, so she's pretty puzzled. When Gino appears, a young, muscular man takes him about five minutes to get to bed. She sweats that she wants to be with her forever, but she's stuck with her husband. They break first, but when they meet again, they (apparently, though intentionally vague) plan to murder a man. They are successful and they go back to their homeland to run their own bar. Gino is very dull about this idea. He wants Giovanna, but one thing he certainly does not want is to sit in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship is rapidly eroding. Ossessione is a very complicated, complex film. It's always exciting, but it's going a little too long. For two hours and twenty-two minutes I can't figure out how it took so long! This is partly due to the neorealistic stylistics that Visconti invented in this film. After all, it was the first label that won this label. We see a lot of actions that are longer than in real life, without hurrying to the next plot point. I've seen a lot of Visconti movies and the only thing I like is better than it's Rocco and His brothers (1960). Its direction is as great as ever when the camera moved perfectly and the editing was perfect. I also feel the need to show the best results of the film, such as Dhia Christian as a young (exotic) dancer and a part-time prostitute named Anita, whom Gino will meet after she leaves Gioviana. He's only five or six minutes in the movie and has just a few lines. It's shocking how much Visconti and Christian can do that character in such a short time. He's totally heartbreaking. 9/10
