Watching "Ossessione" today - more than 6 decades later - is still a powerful experience, especially for those interested in the history of the film and, more specifically, how the Italian filmmakers forever changed films (about "Ossessione" and De Sica "I Bambini Ci Guardano", both 1943, up to 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini). Visconti makes an amazing direction of leadership by taking "Postman's twin concept of ringing" as his "guidelines for developing themes" (<br /> <br />). "Ossessione" was. During World War II in Fascist Italy (think about it!), It depicted scenes and themes that made the movie immediately out of theaters - and the fact that it used the famous American novel plot and did not pay the copyright did not help. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" reveals alarmingly poverty in Italy during the war (far removed from idealized Italy in Fascist "Telefoni Bianchi" films); but it is also extremely bold in its sexual honesty, without adult dwarf Gino (Massimo Girotti, who certainly prefers Brando Kowalski "A Streetcar Desire"), taking Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a wife, into bed just 5 minutes after the first meeting. We look at Calama's strange, expert dress and subtle but undeniable homosexual hint between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very attractive actor, his face is not unlike Pierre Clémenti, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945!) .. A few words: sex, lust, greed, and poverty, so ruthlessly as it was rarely seen before in the Italian cinema. </p> <p> Ossessione "was destroyed immediately after its opening - it was called scandalous and immoral. Visconti managed to save the print, and after the film was reopened after the war, most critics called Rossellini" Roma CIttà Aperta "and De Sica at the forefront of the Neo-realistic movement. Some other critics, perhaps more appropriately, saw "Ossessionet" as a French cinema "poetic realism" reciprocally (remember that Visconti was Renoir's assistant), especially Marcel Carné "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour se Lève ", and Julien Duvivieri" Pépé le Moko ". <br /> <br /> Although" Ossessione "may be neo-realistic in its visual language (depicting the life of a war-paezan in Italy in its popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, kneeling) , cheaters, etc.), characters and themes were already decisive for Viscontian, he was always more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters in social / political / sex alses apartheid in the decadence of elites as realistic "everyday" characters and themes preferred by DeSica and Rossellini. "Ossessiones" already found many elements of drama and tragedy in many of his films, especially "Senso" (the final departure of Visconti from the newest aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... Even his most "Neo" -Realist "" La Terra Trema " he makes fishermen daily mythological drawings, the work group approaches, analyzes and develops specific topics and concerns over and over again, from the first to the last opus, whether the landscape, background or time setting may change. "Ossessione" must not be missed: it is definitely an enchanting and powerful movie.
