Fate / Stay Night is an animated series inspired by the h-game. Somehow, the manufacturers changed it, making it a successful series without h-things. It would not have been possible in any other way, because the formation of characters is great in the way it is depicted in this series, and changing it can ruin perfection. (You understand when you see all the episodes). <Br /> <br /> In spite of the relatively slow start-up time (the producer took the time to play their characters), things get faster and soon after the middle series, the activity becomes so intense that it sticks to your seat. <br /> <br /> The series's theme focuses on the War of the Holy Grail, which has taken place in the city of Fukuky over the last 50 years. The pilot actually starts at the end of the previous war and continues to evolve there. Shiro is the only survivor of the fire that began in the last battle and surrounded a large part of the city. , Saber. His first contact with Saber left him stunned by "Such immeasurable beauty ... I was missing words". <br /> <br /> You must not compare this series with other charts to fully understand it. FSN offers a lot more than just some cool sword fighting, good animation, remarkable lighting, great soundtrack, and great character and relationship. This shows the changes that occur in the characters' personalities when the events settle down. The action shows the credible dynamic emotional and behavioral patterns of individuals (which are not similar to other serial uses) that are constantly shaping their personalities to reveal false signs of perfection. The character of the saber is related to a medieval legend that has been modified for this series and should be accepted as such. You should not look at FSN thinking that it does not present the historical fact to the viewer, but remember that this is an adventure / fantasy series, not a documentary and enjoy it as long as possible. The end is unexpected and unexpected, and if there were twice as many episodes, I would have watched them in the same breathing.
