Every child experiences the trauma that grows and the best imagination of each child is the best, but for Jake (Clint Eastwood's film threatening Clint Eastwood, who reminds Henry Thomas about 1982), the combination can be deadly. A single six-year-old whose imagination penetrates the high course when he is accustomed to studying his quarrelsome parents, Peter (Sean Bridgers, late "DEADWOOD") and Jules (Brooke Bloom, "CBS: Miami") decides to divorce, leaving him own equipment and releasing a new tenant? Zombie in your closet. <br /> <br /> Jake actually gets the seed that has been planted in the neighborhood of his friend Dillon (Matthew Josten), who gives him the excerpt from the internet: zombies. Jake is so convinced that one is to get her? and his family? he starts to bury the action plan to protect them before it is too late. <br /> <br /> Indie Newcomer Shelli Ryan ?? who wrote and directed? interferes with the horror of domestic drama, but the former (wisely) weighs up the last, decent story that behaves finely (De Marco is a rare children's actor, where he is LAPS and not "acting" - all his nuances are very obvious uncomfortable, shy, introverted child that many may associate (I can certainly do that.) Bridgers makes his cheating spouse empathic when he really loves his son, while Bloom has a more complicated task of creating compassion than a somewhat deficient mother who is rationally emotionally rational? help when Dillon's mother Ruth (Monette Magrath, who reminds Laura Dern) constantly feeds her indirect information that draws a wedge between Jake and her father, her manipulative character is relatively pleasing, but she reveals in a revealing scene that I don't go into detail but it shows why it is the way it is (and more importantly how it has affected your baby). <br /> <brThe subjective camera of the body is also well implemented (many angles are depicted at Jake's POV level at the level of the bar or slightly oblique; that is, Peter's upside down, carrying his son in the same position as having fun in the backyard, and editing is relatively flawless. Ryan builds on the personal experience of the scenario, which also showed that a friend who is going through the same situation and influences adult relationships can be harmful if they cause their fears, anger and stress to their children. Here the film is very successful in building this topic. <br /> <br /> But the basic principles of horror are little divergent, but the respect for George A. Romero's zombie films lovingly shows Ryan (Jake's mother) is asleep in front of the television as the evening of living evenings, causing her own belief about Undead in her home. The metaphor of a monster acting as a substitute for domestic violence can be a bit heavy, but again, the child's fear of the thing under his bed is universal.
