There I sat alone in my apartment on Saturday evening, choosing CITIZEN X or Eurovision Song Contest, and for the Americans I read that TESC is an annual event where musicians across Europe. Little Asia has a song contest. At the end of the contest, countries voted to see what was the best song. This is a competition that is even less exciting than it sounds, and it may not come as a shock when I say that singing and songwriting are not Lennon's and McCartney's caliber. And I should fix something in the first sentence of this review, because the word "choice" is misleading, because as a music lover I have never started to look at TESC. <br /> <br /> So I was sitting on the Credits made for CITIZEN X, waiting for the mill's serum killer, but I was wrong in calling it all. This is evident within the first ten minutes of CITIZEN X. What the film does is referring to the failure of communism: "The companion of the serum killer! This is the Soviet Union, serial numbers can only exist in decadent imperialist capitalist systems." This pharmaceutical attitude goes beyond denial, there is a scene where a hidden policeman is sitting in a freezing train station, keeping an eye on possible suspects wearing a police jacket, because that is the only warm coat! And, of course, all members of the Communist Party are being questioned without questioning, which affects deaths. All of this is very well done, because we have shown that it is a Communist Party system that is in trial, but about two-thirds of the road on CITIZEN X is in 1990 when communism has been on its feet and police police reforms have taken place. This is because the film becomes quite uninteresting due to the lack of a political subtitle and the film falls on the average commercial movie. But don't let it put you down, CITIZEN X is an intelligent thriller, well played especially by Donald Sutherland as his father's police chief <br /> <br /> Strangely a few years ago I read something from the famous criminologist Colin Wilson, where he said something on this line, that serial numbers allow you to catch yourself in the spotlight of the media, and found myself as almost supportive of party leaders who deny that there might be a serum killer. Soviet Union. After all the media is under the control of the party and everyone who is old enough to listen to Moscow radio or read Pravda English translations, know that the USSR only reported news stories like potatoes, coal production and letters of thanks from Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. Soviet help . The concept of successive killings in the Communist system is illogical. But I think that when a tree comes into a distant forest of Siberia, it still produces sound, although no one wants to hear it.
