I remember the case of Andre Chicatillo in the newspapers I lived in South Africa. They had photos of his session in his cage when he was charged with the court. Not, as it turned out, to defend the courts, but to protect him from the public. It was exciting, though ill, reading. Later, I heard HBO made the film about the case, but it was made for American television. Bummed! Oddly enough, CITIZEN X has limited cinematography in South Africa. I asked the local Ster Kinekor complex and bought the ticket properly (I was alone; my girlfriend was only interested in STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES). Wow! With a great movie. Why wasn't it published to a wider audience? If it hadn't been made for television, he would have been an Oscar candidate; who killer has ever listened to the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn represents a truly terrifying psycho. She is calm, downhill, her husband's failure is kept, and she is constantly submissive and humiliating at work. With these terrible acts, he feels strong, powerful. <br /> <br /> The fight to receive him is all pathologists played by one of the greatest performances by Stephen Rea. He has to fight with the bureaucratic pace of Russian bureaucracy, with the primitive resources at his disposal, and the (in particular) superiors refusal to admit that the USSR has even a sequential killer. The responsible general (Joss Ackland) says serial numbers are "decadent, western phenomenon". Only Donald Sutherland is ready to help but his help must be under the counter. An increasingly brilliant Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who interrupts the protocol and decides to help investigators in their quest. For the first time in Russian history, there is a shrink to build a serial number profile, and it has everything it loses when its involvement is public. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X has worked well, well-written, and music and editing only increased the tension and theme of the movie. Excellent support from the terribly underfinanced Imelda Staunton and the real sense of impending punishment makes CITIZEN X a movie worth seeing. It was too good for the TV
