Blood Castle (namely, the Scon of the Demon Lover, Blood altar, Ivanna - the best, but the least exploitation of the cinema sounds the title, etc.) is a very traditional Gothic novel film. That is, he has big creepy castles, a young man, a mysterious senior man, horror and supernatural and romantic elements in the current sense of this genre. It also means that it is very deliberate and that the film works best for horror maven, who are big fans of underestimation. If you love movies like Robert Wise's The Haunting (1963), but you also have a taste in the late 1960s / early 1970s, you can also love the Spanish and Italian horror of Blood Castle. <br /> <br /> Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quiney) lives on the edge of a large, unspecified European village in a large castle. The local people are afraid of him because the legend has it that when he puts his wife, he will soon arrive after his death - the consensus is that he will put his wild dogs on them. This is quite a problem because baron has a very healthy appetite for women. At the beginning of the movie, another woman is dead and spoiled. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, Dr Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schürer) has appeared in the middle of the village and asked Baron to lead her. Dalmatian Castle. He is an out-of-towner who has been hired from the baron of chemistry. Of course, nobody wants to go to the castle. Finally, Ivanna finds a shady person (who even becomes more shady) to take her. Once there, a strange woman living in the castle, Olga (Cristiana Gallon), rejects Ivanna and says she shouldn't be there because she is a woman. Baron Dalmar is over whether he should stay. He can stay, but somewhat reluctantly. Baron has hired him to try to change the consequences of the heavy burns that Baron's brother Igor suffers. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Baron's brother seems to be just splitting meat. a strange, odd liquid. And besides, Ivanna has strange hallucinatory dreams. Just what's going on in the castle? Is Baron responsible for crimes? Is he crazy? <br /> <br /> I wanted Blood Castle more than me. As I mentioned, the film is very sensitive and most of them are very underestimated. I can go to such a material. I don't care about Haunting (yes, I'm in a very small minority), but I'm a big European fan of the 1960s and 1970s. One of my favorite leaders is Mario Bava. I also love Dario Argento's work since then. But from time to time, the blood castle sometimes turned a little too slow. There are big pieces that make up scenes that aren't very exciting, alternating with Ivanna scenes that run slowly into the castle corridors. Director José Luis Merino directed more than satisfactory sets and locations, and Emanuele Di Cola shot them quite well. But Blood Castle has a relatively low budget, and it is a film produced by Roger Corman, which ultimately means a small budget, though often surprisingly high quality. So if there is a lot of Bava colors and sophisticated furnishings, everything is more minimalist. Of course, it doesn't help that the Retro media print I looked at looks like a 30 year old photo that has been left out too long in the sun. It seems to be "washed out", which is at risk of contrast. <br /> <br /> However, Merino and Di Cola occasionally created fantastic images. For example, Ivanna's scene, which is walking in a darkened corridor, shot from an exaggerated angle, and where an important wall element appears only through the shadows of the wall. There are also a couple of Ingmar Bergmanesque pictures where actors are finely blocked to associate complicated relationships, besides being visually appealing and pulling their eyes deep into the frame. <br /> <br /> The performances are pretty good and women - especially Schürer - are very attractive. Merino uses this fact, adding proper nudity to it. Schürer continued several films that were both soft maize porn and other genres, English titles such as Sex Life in a Woman's Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Your Killer (1974). 1975) and Sexy Seducer's erotic use (1977). Blood Castle is a lot of taming, but in addition to nudity, there are still small scenes that point to rape and serfdom, and of course, scenes of sex and death. a story that is much more slowly burning romance than anything else. Dreadlocks, mystery elements, and somewhat unexpected twist near the end are bonuses, but in the end, the blood castle is a love story, a couple who can overcome various difficulties and contradictions (often in the face of physical hazards or damage).
