What makes the best picture material? The Oscars have come a long way to meet the bad obsessed glasses and ignore the "auteure" who would be deified in the future for decades. It wasn't because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Academy's awards are the industry's own choices and, therefore, at least in classical timing, they tend to reward the greatest collaborations, the most sensational meetings of creative thoughts. <br /> <br /> The Arthur MGM released unit had won the Oscar in this respect for several years; it was only a matter of time before Freed, assisted by his strongest director Vincente Minnelli and some of the best musical stars in the company, shot the best picture. Freed had undoubtedly done more to raise the status of music than anyone else, dealing with pictures that joined the story and song without losing the dynamic spectacle of the 30s. The idea of ​​freed musicals is that the words of the songs, unlike the songs of Hammerstein or Lerner, do not have to speak or even speak. What matters is that the tone of the song and the way it is performed fit into the structure of the film. <br /> <br /> In America, Paris was the first of three released musicals (two of them were in Singin) Rain and The Band Wagon, which took the existing classical numbers out of their original context and made them a completely interrelated story. Words are not suitable for the plot, but routines are suitable for showing. So, when Gene Kelly sings I Got Rhythm, she's not yet a girl, but the way she's joined with French children is a very small character, and the spooky voice and dance give the film a small lift. it needs now. An American based in Paris also uses a violation of the rules allowed in the genre to add a bit of unusual series of fancy flights, such as a series of dances accompanying Leslie Caron's character. <br /> <br /> And what is the better director of this project than Minnelli, the painter and the pianist himself? At that time, there was really no one who had a better sense of Technicolor. While some drivers saturate each scene with one color or fill the screen with hidden shades, Minnell's color schemes are strictly controlled, but never forced. In the opening scenes, the tones are quite muted, but not drab, and especially red. Oscar Levanti and Georges Guetary meet in a coffee shop to introduce a couple of vibrant tones. Then, during the first musical number, does Minnell gradually bring the red color? tablecloth rose? until it finally dominates, as if the song had aroused the color scheme of the picture. For most songs, colors are choreographed as complex as people. But in some numbers, such as "Tra-la-la", it keeps the tone the same and opens up space instead when the song expands and the characters become animated. <br /> <br /> The Achilles American is his story. Personally, I find the romantic angle particularly unpleasant, playing as it is the last charm of the 30th-century supreme dominating history of love; An exciting, independent woman is pushed back while a bright and gentle girl is harassed as a hero. Even if you do not mind, the emotional story is difficult to associate because it is constantly hidden by songs and dances. Compare it to Singin's song in the rain, which is not really as much of a conventional or memorable piece as America's Paris, but it has a winning story. The 'Rain's' was neglected by the 1952 Oscars, but it is considered a contemporary genre. But I think people sometimes forget that cinema is a comprehensive form of visual entertainment, not just story telling. An American in Paris is neither deep nor tempting or tearful, but like a DeMille image that won the best prize next year, it is definitely a great show.
