George Gershwin's 1928 orchestral work "America in Paris" dazzling seventeen-minute dance series is an undisputed craftsmanship. Gene Kelly's choreography of color, music and dance is a striking combination of color, music and dance, because the piece is divided into scenes inspired by selected masterpieces - the opening of the Dufy Place de la Concorde, Manet's Flower Market, Utrillo on the Paris Street, Rousseau's Fair, Vincent Van Gogh Spectacular Place de l'Opera and Toulouse-Lautrec Moulin Rouge, where Kelly wears her famous white body. The 97 minutes before this finale are not so exciting, but not long-lasting, but there are some delights in watching the 1951 Oscar winning music. <br /> <br /> Director Vincente Minnelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner have created a surprisingly complex but fairly light romantic story that focuses on former GI Jerry Mulligan who has stayed in Paris after the end of World War II, trying to live as a painter. With his braggadocio and sporty dance style, Gene Kelly can simultaneously stimulate and irritate the personality of the screen, but she seems to find her creation as carefree Jerry. The line of the Love Triangle is focused on Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed art patron, but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. On the first day that it was crowded at the Montmartre nightclub, Jerry falls unapologetically to Lise, a young woman who turns out to be Henri's boy, Adam, an out-of-work concert pianist, a professional entertainer and a girlfriend. Romantic complications occur until the inevitable end, but not before the classical Gershwin songs are performed. <br /> <br /> The best ones are the most imitated - a romantic song and dance "Our love is here to stop" mushroom river with a blue fog fog with yellow fog. As Kelly and Leslie Caron move around each other, they cross each other because they initially approach each other initially and synchronize beautifully with the music that completes. Few films have shown so elegantly and briefly that two people are in love. "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" are enlightened by Kelly's tough dances and pleasing songs, while "Embraceable You" dances Caron's impressive description of Henri's comprehensive Lise with five scenes. To Adam. The sequence for Caron's dance versatility is similar to "The City", where Vera-Ellen showed her remarkable dancing skills when Kelly sailors described their versatile vision of Miss Turnstiles. When Lise, Nineteen-year-old Caron (in her first film) dances perfectly and engages in her role as a formless charm when her talent has not flourished for several years. Looking quite glamorous, Nina Foch plays as a manipulative Milo and succeeds to be pleasant enough to take care of our destiny while Oscar Levant is just his sardonic self-righteous Adam. Stylish "I'm building a staircase to paradise", George Guétary Henri plays so nicely that you feel bad about losing the girl at the end. It's not the best of MGM music, but the movie's magic is definitely worth it. The 2000 DVD contains quite a bit of printout, but a little bit of accessories.
