Parsifal (1982), starring Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. <br /> <br /> Straight from the German film school, one that preferred the symbolic ton and the surrealism of Ingmar Bergmanesque, this 1982 film Wagner's final masterpiece - Parsifal, which was written to correspond to a large Friday / Easter and Celebrating the Bayreuth Opera House. This film follows the exact musical score and plot, but the way it was filmed and executed is bold and avant-garde, and no other Parsifal takes the crown into its strange cinematography. Syberberg is known for its controversial films. Prior to this film, he had created films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism and documentary film about Winifred Wagner, one of his grandfathers. This film is disturbing in many respects. Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg, but acting by Michael Kutter) is a male in the first part of the film and, after being fascinated by Kundry's kiss, becomes a woman. This element of gender bending shows the Holy Grail's endeavor that serves the whole human race and redeems the blood of this Christ, feminine / masculine / ying-yang. There are photos of infamous criminals such as Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner's mistress Matilde Wesendock in the fortress of the pagan witch Klingsor. The Swastika flag hangs outside the fortress. Paraphrase trips to the 19th and 20th centuries across the film. Attractive florist is naked. Kundry is depicted as pretty beautiful but corrupt by Mary Magdalene or Eve Genesis (played by Edith Clever, but beautifully sung by mezzo soprano Yvonne Minton). Ultimately, this film is a fan of the odd Germanic / European symbolic metaphysics and intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, history and lovers of the Wagner Opera. Singing is indeed great and convincing. The Reiner Goldberg Parsifal is a purposeful and intense voice, but has no major directors - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Kollo and today 's Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a sensually expressive, dramatic and exciting Kundry who perfectly created in his distressing country. Although the production is certainly uneven and as Wagnerian, as is possible (Wagner's concept was a Christian ceremonial pomp with Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, dark witch, darkness becoming light, etc.) typical Wagner themes. .it is still enjoyable, an art house movie.
