In America, America was the ultimate blend of art and Hollywood in many ways. Featuring MGM's abilities as a source of musical power, the film has memorable music from Gershins, rightly called the 20th-century equivalent of Beethoven and Mozart. <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly was also at the height of her credentials in this film, although it can be rightly said that this film was just a warmth for her best work in Singin's in the Rain (1952). These two films are actually closely related. In addition to Arthur Freed's association, the Broadway Melody segment's Rain has existed in the incredible American Paris ballet. It could have been the only time the dance number was specifically mentioned in the open credits of the film. And it deserves it because it represents the skills of Gene Kelly's dancer and choreographer in every way. <br /> <br /> The film's cast is equally excellent. Leslie Caron, who makes her film debut, shows maturity that makes you think she's been making films for years. His introductory dance series, later his ballet work, offers some surprisingly sexy moments that compete with MGM Musicals, only Cyd Charisse's work at Singin Rain and The Band Wagon. Oscar Levant is fun as Kelly's strange palm, who gets the two best moments of the movie. that combines its incredible piano skills with a contemporary special effect. <br /> <br /> Less memorable is the Georges Guetary as Kelly's romantic rival, though he gets some musical highlights and Nina Foch as the romantic rival of Leslie Caron. The relationship between May and December between Kelly's character and Nina reminded me that the relationship between George Peppard and Patricia Neal in Tiffany is the same as the "considered man". it is less satisfying for me than Singin '. The ballet, though rich and well produced, is not compatible with the rest of the film. Without giving up the plot, ballet just happens without a real rhyme or reason. And unlike Broadway's melody, it doesn't really have anything to do with the plot - and the best musicals always have some raison d'etre on the songs. Making things worse is the end of the film that happens immediately after the ballet. Although the end shouldn't be a surprise (it's MGM-musical), I hoped for a little more film after the end of the ballet. That's exactly what Vincent Minnelli would think he can't do with the ballet. The film left me literally. <br /> <br /> This negative omission, the American in Paris, is right next to Hollywood's best musical. It does not reach Singin's heights in the rain, but it gets close and it remains a proof of Gene Kelly's skills as the greatest dancers of all time.
