I didn't know anything about Chocolat before I saw it. I didn't know anything about the story, the cast, the director, or anything about the history of the film. I knew it was a very well-known French film. If I had learned more, I wouldn't have looked at the picture openly. The paper may not be interesting for me on paper. If I knew what Chocolat was ahead of time, my interest in viewing would have been limited. But not knowing the story helped me enjoy it. All the time I had no idea where the story would go, what the characters would do and what the end result would be. It was nothing more than a predictable film. Indeed, it could have been the way the story is told about setbacks. The story of setbacks is often a risky move by filmmakers. As the sign is now visible, the audience knows that it is alive. Using flashback techniques, director Claire Denis can make the audience aware that a young girl is making adult life without serious physical damage, giving the viewer the feeling that Chocolat is more about emotions than what is outside. Less filmmaker would give France a haggard face that punishes confusion and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis presents a beautiful girl to France, someone who looks good outside. <br /> <br /> It can be argued that Chocolat is more of a French mother because she has been given much more screen time, although I believe that this is ultimately for France. For me, what Chocolat is actually talking about is how mother's actions affect her daughter. This is how parents' behavior stays with their offspring. France did not destroy the story of her mother's activities, but her mother's actions made France a clear impression. If the mother's activities had no effect on France at all, the aspect of rebound would not be relevant. For a film that deals with two periods of time, the past and the present, Chocolat had a very fast pace, no excess fat. None of the scenes seemed free or out of place. The film had a nice rhythm, crisp editing, leaving only what was needed to tell the story. Well-talked story, solid editing and organized management is Chocolat's one of the best French films I've seen. He was responsible for launching Claire Denise's career and with good reason: it's an incredible director's debut.
