This is an amazing movie for watching or showing young people. After a very short naked scene, it gives an interesting look at the colonial government in Africa, which you rarely find in other films. It has a superficial resemblance to Africa, but without the whole romantic fluff. Cameroon's white French people are exciting because they don't even see natives as people. Whites are all bosses and they are undoubtedly waiting for black servitude. But unlike the actual servants, you only hear any whites who say "thank you" and no other thing is given to those people. Again and again it is like pets or slaves, because people's feelings have never even been weighed. The central example of this nonsense is the relationship between mother, Aimée, and her servant Protée. Although sometimes they spend a lot of time together and it is normal for them to begin to feel sexual against each other, the White woman never needs Protée or her feelings. A good example of this nonsense is when she has dressed up a dress with Protée and it is obvious she is very sexually disappointed with it. Apart from these relationships, although almost all white ones are completely overlooked, the Africans are people, the couple goes so far as to abuse or treat them as garbage. <br /> <br /> Also interesting is the relationship between Protée and the little girl (who is raised at the beginning and end of the movie). Although they are very close, it is sometimes a toy or pet and the girl never plays with her local children. <br /> <br /> There is one weird white character who seems to be black at times, but unfortunately his character is inconsistent and confusing. At one point, he's working hard on black or eating with them (something that other white would never have done) and the next he's trying to defeat Protée! I can only guess what motivated him - maybe he was just a jerk or was crazy or maybe it was a communist helper who tried to blame the whites (who knows!). In fact, with the exception of a few good scenes, this character seems pretty much wasted. <br /> <br /> Although I really enjoyed this movie introduction, I would have liked it to be more than just some parts of this world. through a child's perspective of one's life for a small period. No context and what happened to liberate the colonial country is never dealt with and the film left me more. The film started in the early 1980s (since it wears a Walkman-style headset) and when the movie went back in time, it seems to have been set around 1960 (more or less), but never mentioned the 1950s anti-colonial violence or the independence of the people in the early 1960s . I think some of these confusions might be that the filmmakers turned up and should start the movie earlier (for example in the 1970s) and whether the lady was thinking of her life back in the early 1950s - before the country experienced political change. <br /> <br /> In addition to the lack of context and the confusion of time periods, it was a good idea to use a prologue and an epilogue that showed him as a traveling adult. And I also appreciated the end because it was a pleasant surprise if you got to know more about a nice man who offers him a ride. But in general it seems that something is missing - there is simply no other resolution or message except that colonialism is pointless and cruel.
