Claire Denis' Chocolat, located in Cameroon in West Africa in the 1950s, is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant tone that depicts the effects of deadly colonialism on a young family over the last few years of the French government. The theme is similar to recent Africa, where films are very different in scope and pressure. The film is told about the return of an adult to a child's home abroad. France, Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young traveler from Cameroon, recalls her childhood when her father (Francois Cluzet) was a French Cameroonian government official and had a loving friendship with a whore servant Protée (Isaach de Bankolé). However, the film focuses on the relationship between French mother Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and her love / hate with Protée, which is a brilliant sexual tension. <br /> <br /> Household is divided into public and private sectors. White family rooms are private and marginal for all, except Protée, who works in the house, while the servants are forced to eat and shower, exposing their bare bronze bodies to the eyes of white families. It turns out that his wife, Marc (François Cluzet), is relinquishing business, that Aimée and Protée are sexually disapproved of each other, but society's rules prevent it from being publicly recognized. In a narrative order, he invites him into his bedroom to help him dress and two to stare at each other's image in a mirror, longing for longing for knowing that any interaction is taboo. <br /> <br /> A young France (Cecile Ducasse) is also a bond with a servant who feeds her from her plate when she shows her how to eat crushed ants and carry her on her shoulders under the sky at night. Despite their bondage, the real nature of their lord-soldiers relationship is obvious when France orders Protée to interrupt his conversation with his teacher and take him home immediately, and when Protée stands beside him at the dinner table, he is waiting for the next command. When a plane loses its propeller and is forced to land in nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must move to the compound until the replacement part can be placed. Every visitor shows their contempt for the Africans, one of the wealthy owners of a coffee plant brings out food from the kitchen to the black lover in his room. The second, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), a lofty white Frenchman, interferes with racial equilibrium when he uses an external shower, eats with his servants, and kills Aimée from his entertainment to Proté, leading him to the ultimate emotional confrontation with the servant. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is loosely autobiographical, tailored to the director's childhood memories, and is slowly fast and as mysterious as the land on which he is filmed. Denis refers to the effects of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing quotes. There are no victims or oppressors, no good guys. Protée is a servant, but she is also a defender when she is standing on a bed where Aimée and her daughter are sleeping to protect them from robbing the hyena. It is a sad fact that Protéet is treated as a boy and not a man, but Bankolé absorbs his character with dignity and dignity that reduces pain. Because of its speed, the Western audience may have to work to fully understand the film, and Denis is not Roger Ebert's "coach of our emotions". The truth of Chocolat lies in the gestures and glances of the silent longing of our hearts.
