Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy transforms natural materials into short-term works by putting rocks into egg-shaped decorations, filling river basins with fiery flowers and stitching thorns and twigs with sophisticated web designs. The original work and some photos of his other creations are listed in the corner of the Southampton Art Gallery (where I live), but although I found these pieces intriguing, I only realized the wonders of Goldsworthy's work when I was lucky enough to catch the rivers and rivers again. <br /> <br /> The film by Thomas Reidelsheimer, accompanied by Fred Frith's beautiful instrumental sound, brings Goldsworthy and his art to life, showing the artist at work. Open the scene by hitting a flower-like fragrance of the fragments of a flower that is placed on a tree stump. Working with your teeth and bare hands, the beautiful, ephemeral work of the Goldsworthy crafts. Before this gentle Nova Scotia sunlight melts this delicate sculpture into something. This scene is one of the most beautiful films, but the breadth and ingenuity of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows successes as well as failures, capturing the frustration of pieces that collapse before they are finished, and their shine that appears even when it only takes a few hours, minutes, or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself gives a story, speaks slowly but carefully about his subjects. He makes it clear that he has to work with nature, be alone in it and promote his understanding of trying to work with natural materials, even if they seem to work against him. Sometimes he is underground and humorous; at other times does he fight for words to express his purpose? something that is quite understandable when he sees his amazing work for the first time. The title "Rivers and Rivers" is becoming more and more important when we see that natural materials pass through the artist's hand, flowing from one form to another. Catching up and completing Goldworthy's work is in itself a striking work of art. <br /> <br /> Although Goldsworthy works with a wide variety of materials and covers the entire North American and European territory, the presentation of works of art in this film is tiring; it gave me the same fatigue that I get when I spend too long in an art gallery and fight something new. The short period in which we introduce Andy's family and hometown is all that interrupts the long sequence of his works. Nonetheless, Reidelsheimer does an excellent job of photographing Goldsworthy and his creations by placing them in their wider environment, from the tilting of Canadian rivers to the rainy Scottish mountains. Conveniently, the film ends with Goldsworthy casting a handful of land and snow in the sky. Dust particles also show short patterns, even when they disperse into air; this is the purest expression of beauty in the work of this beautiful artist.
