I admit that during the first 20 minutes of this movie, I wasn't quite sure I was sitting all over. Like many other people, I found it quite boring and I wasn't quite waiting for an hour and a half to look at this guy to grab the silver and save them. However, if you sit long enough to see your final product when you create your first job, you get an idea of ​​how the rest of the movie is impressive. I really think it's sad that so many people found the ideas of other artists impossible to bored. <br /> <br /> Rivers and Rivers is a quiet study of some of Andy Goldsworthy's works of art and methods that make his art, by its very nature, quite normal, usually resulting in pieces naturally consumed by nature. entropy process. It's a slow move and amazing, but I think a lot of the idea of ​​the movie is to show that the art of Goldsworthy doesn't need any sending to evaluate it. I've even heard people complain about how he always speaks in the movie, rather than just letting nature and his artwork speak for himself, which I just think is madness. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, many people complain about the CDs that accompany the words inside them. Many musicians also think that their music should mean what the listener wants, without the musician showing the exact lyrics, I think I'm just the one who believes I would like to know what the artist is trying to do with his artwork. However, I can do it if I want to, even if I know what he was supposed to do. I understand you don't want to talk to him through the movie. After all, he loses his mind and can't explain some of his work more than once, but if you don't want Goldsworthy to talk about his art while watching a movie, turn off the sound. It doesn't like lyrics reading if you don't want to know what the musician is singing and rather interpreting them yourself. <br /> <br /> I think Andy Goldsworthy's work, which I had no idea, had been watching this movie before, is incredibly impressive, and I'm glad this movie was made to show it. Indeed, since his work is usually not one that can be transported to the studio, photography is the only non-film that can express it, and I really appreciate being able to see the way of my art and work. only natural things are used. Whether you appreciate certain aspects of the film, Goldsworthy's work moves enough to forget it because film is not a star, Goldsworthy's art. Given the lack of music or even the smallest special effects and the slow motion of the film, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows it.
