The zero day is a goal and it's not just entertainment, it is a message about its specialized curricula. Mapping the environment of two friends Andrei and Cal, leading to their high school attack. <br /> <br /> Although the film started in a somewhat modest way, an attack on the Amateur teen-style attack was announced, followed by some short meetings with boys' families. It is not long before we are in the hands of boys, showing us their set of weapons, their fetish love for them, their widespread narcissistic fantasies, and even the controversial scene of how to build a bomb. <br /> <br /> What is this movie you want to say? What really motivates them soon is the killers. It really seems difficult to really understand. Certainly, they do not come into contact with cold blood psychopaths, but they plan to brutally brutalize. This brings me to what I feel is a zero-day genius. Cal and Andre are constantly talking about how much they are at a different level, how the rest are, and how they "leave us all." Like the colossal killers, they really feel higher. Like Nietzsche's resolution, Cal and Andre's value system seems to have been born out of rejection of their society. Nonetheless, we are only given a glimpse, which means, for example, the expression of hatred for a popular athlete. So where's the motivation? I feel Coccio depicted two people hopelessly to make a supremacy statement as a gesture of power that has no reasonable place for it. So they turn to the massacre and the kind that gives them more attention than they could ever understand. That is why it seems in part that school shooters can do shameful actions, even though they come from a good stable loving home. Murder is part of fantasy, Cal and Andre have completely disappeared in their fantasy, but hardly see the reality of their actions. They make fantasy a tragedy. <br /> <br /> Secondly, this film is the most attractive character development and unique addiction to Cal and Andre from each other. Andre is the leader of the two on the whole film, and Cali's acceptance of his behavior and clothing seems to be somewhat forced. Andre is upright, Andre is strong and serious. He crushes others, except his family, he is exactly what he does, and for some time the school seems to be the main mover to attack the school. Yet she is pleasant in her own way, she does not accept the teenagers' pointlessness and partly feel compelled to agree with her, but these moments break Andrei's dirty violence against us, who face us both as a trustee and as a potential victim. Cal, however, seems to have Andre is more relaxed than reality. But he is dominant in his own way. We have many personal moments associated with Cal's video diary, scenes when he is alone and besides Andrei. Cal seems to be struggling with his personal demons and has used his plan to exhaust them. Andre is jealous of Cal going to a familiar old friend, he wants Cal himself. Cal puts Andre and encourages her. For the first time in her life, it seems that Andre has found someone who believes in her and who admires her, she can't lose it. Although Cal has found someone to give him a way out. <br /> <br /> The film will rise quickly and improve as it is its gloomy conclusion. It is a great moment for Cal to attend high school. Suddenly, the film's star becomes shy and introverted, not at all with its peers. However, we tend to feel more in touch with Cal, than with the scary crowd of people who scream with their youth in their limousine while drunk. These are an episode that is too common and recognizable. We don't want to interact with them when it's over and Cal is back with Andre, who quietly prepares one of his final videos that we like to make the feelings safe in the fantasy world they create. We feel they are massaging as they are. <br /> <br /> The last scene is great. The last video says Andre and Cal are in their car just a moment before the attack. It is too real and really creates an understanding of the impending punishment. Knowing that we know Cal and Andre are realizing that they are actually doing this is a kind of illusion we also enjoy in catharsis of films. <br /> <br /> The massacre killed in the CCTV module is sometimes shocking and although it was definitely an excellent choice to portray a massacre, if we plan to do so, it is not an emptiness of error. The most important is the sudden radical change in perception by Cal and Andrei, looking at them suddenly in those who are aware of the killers we knew they refused to admit to being. It's violent and real, our heroes have become monsters and their fantasy reality is a terrible tragedy that costs them all. <br /> <br /> The final scene shows a group of teenagers who are filming the crosses that were set up by Andre and resentfully remembered. Having known Andrei and Cal, we may feel almost sad that they have actually disappeared forever and that they certainly did not win anything. <br /> <br /> Zero day is mandatory for anyone interested in these violent acts in the media. This is a characteristic study that you should experience.
