As always, such contradictory movies are combined comments. You love it or hate it and don't like this movie. This shows the perspective of the murderers I personally feel is important to consider. You can hate them, you can claim to understand them and feel like you could communicate, but regardless of whether this film is thinking about shooting from a different perspective. <br /> <br /> The film is fully used by the camera, something that I think works quite well, because it makes it more realistic. From the point of view of the destroyers, they are fully talked about, their "missions" to family excursions, all of which lead to the great day of "Zero Day", where they plan a massacre at their school. Zero days do not provide answers, but only look at the lives of two young people in difficulty and let the audience decide for themselves. Our feelings for boys are a bit of a confusion between sympathy and hatred, but we are still confused about why two ordinary young boys are doing such a thing. It has been shown that they are surprisingly normal, typical teenage boys who lead ordinary lives, and if we don't know what they are planning, we don't expect anything (they make it clear in the film that no one else knows about them) Plan is <br /> <br /> Action is very good, given that two participants are completely unknown. We can only hope that we will see more work in both of them in the future. Regardless of how this is a fictional film, we cannot notice the obvious similarity with Columbine. Calvin and Andre are exceptionally similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold (not so much in appearance, but in a way) Like someone who has studied Columbine very thoroughly, I can see similarities and it is almost certainly based on it. <br /> <br /> The actual massacre is shown through the school's surveillance cameras and is one of the coolest things I've ever seen. After that, I had seen it completely in shock and felt that it would last some time. It is very realistic and well done and it is very difficult to see. <br /> <br /> All zero-day is a great movie and I think everyone should review it at least. In the past, we have always simply killed "psychopaths" and assumed that they were biologically wireless under the influence of a catastrophe or media, but sometimes on day zero, the motives are deeper, and we will never understand why such tragedies are like shooting a school so far, until we have seen it from the point of view of the killers.
