Unborn tells the story of a married couple named Virginia (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga) who have been trying to imagine for the last five years that Virginia has since had two miscarriages and is desperate to have a child. They will visit Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) for help after some of their friends recommend dr. Meyerling says he can help them with children. Dr. Meyerling operates in Virginia and will soon confirm that the surgery has been successful and Virginia is pregnant. First of all, everything seems perfect and Marshall can't be happier, but their image of a perfect life does not last long, as Virginia's pregnancy causes problems, she becomes moody and completely out of character, and she gets a worrying phone call from Beth. Jane Cameron), another woman who has undergone the Dr. Meyerling procedure, claiming that Meyerling actually uses her patients to end their sins and is actually a disgraced genetic researcher. Virginia is starting to doubt what is growing inside her ... <br /> <br /> Rodman Flender Compiled and Staged I thought Unborn was a good horror / triller (it is not definitely a sci-fi if IMDb was you believed) that surprised me pleasantly. Henry Dominic's script tries to be different and it must at least take this into consideration. Unborn goes into a psychological horror rather than a cheap fear and a bad special effect, this is a pretty smart story that works and plays the main fears of a person. It moves at a fair pace, although it is not in any way a precisely packed film. The climax was good and it seemed like a suitable way to round things up and warnings about mixing with genetics seem more relevant today than it was then, perhaps Flender knew something that didn't do the rest of us. There are some elements of exploitation on the bottom side and there is a dialogue close to the heart that mostly focuses on one person so that it can be a bit boring from time to time. I also have to mention what Erath had that black skateboard dwarf everyone is talking about eh? <br /> <br /> Flender makes OK work, Unborn is far from the most stylish or visually interesting movie, but it's good enough. The atmosphere is good and there is a little bit of tension, like what Virginia is inside and dr. The plans threatening Meyerling have not been fully revealed until the last possible moment. Disappointingly, blood and gore are almost non-existent, which in turn allows the film to be shot down, because nothing truly memorable happens afterwards, Unborn relies on a good narrative that is good, but after a week I doubt I remember it too much. Technically, the movie is OK, I imagine that Unborn had a fairly small budget, but it is well done even if it is a bit negligible and forgotten. The baby creature is actually a decent special effect and has a pretty realistic face movement. Action is good and it was one of the first exhibitions jobs credited to friends (1994 - 2004), star Kudrow, I have to be honest that I don't like Friends and I don't even know who she was, can't tell you how she did it. <br /> <br /> Unborn is a good horror / thriller, which deserves a wider reputation and vision, it is much better than a lot of low budget mess made by bedding video store shelves. If your spooky fan and you are looking for something a little different, then something somewhat more intelligent and thoughtlessly provoking than usual, then I think you could do a lot worse than Unborn. This was followed by a dumbed down sequel to The Unborn II (1994), which I immediately looked at, and check my review if you want.
