There are two different ways to make this fun-written, seed-based TV show ("Godfather" for X-Files and Buffy, etc.) Enjoy; as a monster exhibition (it frightened me of hell when I was a child!) or how well written / acted a rubber / film noir. It works on both levels. Blur may be diluted over the years (it was done in the mid-1970s), but I was pleasantly surprised when I discovered an exhibition (via DVD), which I mostly enjoy for the last reasons. The late Darren McGavin is Karl Kolchak, an eccentric, tough, cheerful journalist / monster hunter, who always finds a supernatural angle when looking for a story; Kolchak's superfluous, dedicated boss Tony Vincenzo (played with the world with fatigue too late, by the great Simon Oakland) can practically feel the pain of your youth's ulcers!). The interplay of these characters is cracking and witty (just like STAR TREK Spock and McCoy, but more acidic!). In the course of two pilot TV films and a one-season series, Kolchack fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracy, aliens and ancient legends (sounds like the entire X-Files 9-year-old! ONE season!). And Kolchak did it first! And like the composer Gil Melle's bay, the partially whipped headline ... well, X-Files creator Chris Carter calls Mike Snow's (very similar) X-Files headline "tribute". Both themes work well; leave it to it. And unlike many modern horror / sci-fi examples, most of the KOLCHAK monsters are covert and quick cuts (efficiently and sometimes fortunate because some of them are unable to keep under control but some are still DO). Modern horrors show that less is more! One of the few flaws in the exhibition (and this is a small one) is the over-use of a sunny, California-based California locality. NIGHT GALLERY had the same problem; modest budget, L.A. And some supportive characters seem to be divided into clichés (a modern reporter, Ron Updike, always used for comic verification; sweet, old lady / columnist Emily). But they all have their own moments to shine (Sleep from many supportive TV characters, cliche or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show that works on many of the following models. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a Horror TV show (Agent Mulder's REAL-Dad). As a footnote, I tried to look at a few episodes of the new exhibition. This is a X-Files clone (copy of a copy?). And it's bad. Carl Kolchak is now a model-real, angsty 30-something (played by boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a Scully-type partner is also a flat idea; it undermines Kolchaki as a single, Don Quixote Crusader! And Kolchak and Vincenzo start? Where's the tension? Collaboration? The fact that they chose the name of KOLCHAK with this regurgitation is a great example of how not to make a remake: take your beloved crop, scrape everything unique, do not drain all signs and colors (but keep that name!) And voilà! Quick Start! 'Re-Imaginings 101' gets 'F'! This new version RECOMMENDS an ax! Stay short-lived, but with a classic original. It rises better with age.
