WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not actually - read on). Ahhh, there are so many reasons to make this spam completely dependent on me having no room to list them all. Open credit puts a playful scene for the 1950s kitchi cartoons; enchanting Peres 'Prez' Prado mambo theme, which seems curiously intimidating (but his primers are misleading and no one else did them); with familiar names, including Kathy Najimi all year long before she hit Sister Acts 1 & 2 plus Teri Hatcher on TV Superman. <br /> <br /> Each scene is subjected to low injustices coming from the daily television of various actors, actors and producers. Hiding these people behind their career is just an excuse for an old-fashioned and tasty farce. Robert Harling made this dirty hit, like the MAD Magazine edition, but knows the gifts for the audience. Some cluttered characters are a bit dusky, but all are jealous, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), the multi-annual award-winning head of the exhibition, called "America's Sweetheart". The daily opening of Emmies-like awards introduces us to Celeste's The Sun Set. Against all controversial fears, Celeste wins again. He is cheerful because it is always "such a real thrill": "Adam, do you look? I won! Well ..." The reason for Adam's absence will soon become the basis of the whole plot and we will immediately leave for Celeste neuroses. He cries, slips and twists his hands during the rest of the film when his dresser, Tawnee (Kathy Najimi, constantly rides after Celeste, invisibly through Celeste's Paranoia mist) tastes Tammy Faye Baker, for whom Tawnee had actually been specially hired. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) has seen it before. She is the head writer of the exhibition and she and Celeste have been excellent support networks for 15 years. So, as Celeste Freaks, Rosie offers an exhibition in six months: "We just say Maggie went with the Dalai Lama's visit." But Celeste doubts, "I thought the Dalai Lama moved to LA." "- Well, there will be another recession, Fernando Lamas!" Such a line of drawing must be more against the sons of the still living beef actors Lorenzo Lamas, the aforementioned Fernando Lamia (1982). <br /> <br /> Those who remember the economist's teacher (Ben Stein) on Ferris Buell's Day Out (1986), when he is deadly calling the roll ("Bueller. Bueller. Bueller"), he takes the secret joy when he returns to him. as a ridiculous writer. Another well-hidden member includes Garry Marshall (in real life Mr. Happy Days and Penny's brother) who "pay $ 1.2 million to make decisions in the sun", he says he definitely likes "peppy and cheap"; Carrie Fisher as Betsy Faye Sharon, who is a "slut". <br /> <br /> Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is a "delicate spoon" (and by the way) dinner theater actor who has now been rescued by his hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr) and brought back to the same exhibition he had conserved 20 years ago, of course, presenting logical challenges to current scriptwriters because his character, Rod Randall, was supposed to destroy all these years, somehow they work out logical difficulties, and Geoffrey Anderson stepping out of the shell. <br /> <br /> Celeste can only get worse now and his trick to go over to the Washington Bridge is no longer helping, first his hands shake when he tries to put on a mascara, but soon the stalker comes down See, unfortunately, he can't just get rid of Geoffrey Anderson. Geoffrey has promised to talk about his one-man play from Hamlet and he keeps the producer to keep that promise. "I'm not going back to Florida, how not!", Geoffrey claims. "You're trying to play Willie Loman's bunch of old farts eating a piece of meat!" And indeed, seeing the lifestyle of the Geoffrey Dinner Theater among all the hockings and accidents is fun. He was back in his room at Willie Loman's fat cleaning in Florida that Geoffrey Anderson invited him to the stage "Mr Loman". He was forced to spell any cockroaches that had been kidnapped by his TV and used prongs instead of a broken analogue channel switch. Now she finds herself Laurie Craven, a nose surgeon on the show; so he won't leave. <br /> <br /> Beautiful Elizabeth Shue (like Laurie) completes an amazing ensemble cast, all of whom make fantastic work for people with stereotypes. But of course, the course of true love did not go smoothly. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) becomes impatient when she waits for her star to rise and desperately becomes aware. <br /> <br /> Will his plots finally succeed? Does Celeste live nerves or kill him first in Tawnee? Does the manufacturer get Mr Fuzzy? -You just have to look * on the other side of this highly loving, far-malicious rebellion *. <br /> <br /> And you really have to believe how short-sighted Geoffrey reads his lines without glasses from TelePrompter. If you do not have tears of sewing with laughter and face casting, you are free to ask for your money to borrow. Soapdish (1991) is an indisputable pearl that you must see again and again, because it is not often the case that the film can provide so many fun lines. It is a very well-designed humor, almost all of it in writing. Drawing with Blazing Saddles (1974) to get a terrifying value, though otherwise it is different. Look at it and cry. Happy source for someone with a video effect. 10 out of 10
