A few years ago, I had bought (and enjoyed) two Kolchaki TV films, NIGHT STALKER (1971) and THE NIGHT STRANGLER (1972) MGM Dual DVD. When the next set of TV series came out, I had to buy it right away - but rumors about DVD-18 disguised filming issues added me to my collection; recently i placed an online order consisting of discounted Universal Box kits and also decided to get KOLCHAK 3-Disc. <br /> <br /> Having watched it now, I can say for sure that I couldn't get it. Unfortunately, this is a bit of a crime / horror story if it is short-lived: it can follow a standardized formula - Carl Kolchak, a shepherd and inventive journalist. what Darren McGavin played perfectly, everyone gets his hair with his attitude (passionate editor Simon Oakland, long-suffering colleagues, assorted authoritarian figures, a number of monsters and crooks) is facing an inevitable (and usually supernatural) threat alone, but in the end there is pressure to keep his story in the wrapper, but winning (the impressive composition of the guest stars and remarkable ex post credit increases), which makes the show very fun. <br /> <br /> This means that the quality varies between each episode and the modest budgets that the al-and-make-up effects, which sometimes leave much to be desired (for example, a werewolf runner and a wolf alligator creature in the last part). not to mention that they were limited to 50-minute programs and intended for family consumption, it is rather an obstacle to the simplistic and healthy alteration of its often intriguing psychological and metaphysical issues (again, it has never seen anyone biting, but somehow it is just around people throw)! Although the hero's cynical story does a lot to draw one of the most prominent plots, every episode has a healthy dose of comedy relief (often, but not only, around McGavin's relationship with either Oakland or geeky reporter Jack Grinnage) - something to say about a reasonable atmosphere (largely Chicago) and break. To make the ride even more enjoyable, Gil Melle and Jerry Fielding are bouncing. <br /> <br /> For the record, Kolchaki's (but not always defeated) colleagues have come across the series: the revived Jack The Ripper, several cults (voodoo, Native American, Aztec), foreigners, vampire, werewolf (moving over the familiar concept , taking this particular episode completely as a cruise ship!), Doppelganger, Satanist, Sex Creature, Electricity Mass, Robot, Apeman, Witch, Stop Motorcyclist, Succubus, Knight Armor that takes on murderous life (an episode that may have the best supportive casting) - John Dehner, a terrifying police captain, Hans Conried and Robert Emhardt), Helen Of Troy (!) And a crocodile. Some actors (except those who play Kolchak's co-workers) return to the same roles - Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both as legal counselors), John Fiedler (as an appalling corpse) and Richard Kiel as two separate noble heroes. If I had to choose the best (or most entertaining) episodes, I would rely on HORROR (together with Phil Silver and Abraham Sofaer) and KNIGHTLY MURDERS mentioned above - though weakest, Go to WEREWOLF (for the reasons already explained) and CHOPPER (based on Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale's Story). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there are no add-ons to the set: it would have been nice to see that the numerous concepts discussed in KOLCHAK: NIGHT STALKER were discussed and put in the context of this series, where the TV was popular at the time of its initial incitement or even when it had a lasting effect a sci-fi series probably about endless races. In fact, Kolchak himself returned - much younger and seemingly darker in the shadow - in the revival of 2005; this version is available in my local DVD rental site ... but for various reasons I am not sure if I want to watch it right after the 1974-5 class.
