I loved KOLCHAK: NIGHT STALKER because I saw it at night when she appeared on September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters that seemed scary at that time and the music of Gil Melle Bay (hey, where are the soundtrack boys) and have often thought about what makes this exhibition so good for me and has finally come to the conclusion that the reason it lasts If many others are not, there is one simple, important element in which almost no other scary display is and this is the main character. most people are related to the daily level. When Darren McGavin Carl Kolchak begins to discover the odd situation, he reacts like most people. He feels that they are strange and, when he is nearer, he is scared, even if he knows he has to move forward to try to capture the threat of this episode. It is rare that he is brave enough to resist some supernatural power of a superior. He has usually tried and hides or is waiting in the wings to see if it works. Sometimes he seems to be surprised that he managed to defeat the enemy. In one episode he goes to the monster to find a sewer, but when he first sees it, he runs out of it, but is so reluctantly trapped, he has to go back and defend himself. He's heroic because he's ready to do things that most of us probably don't do, but that doesn't mean he's probably instead of someone else. He's a normal man who works, trying to make a bush, not a monster-hunter. He just gets supernatural things he cares about, but he doesn't want to hurt anymore or kill anyone else if we don't. If his plan to win the creature does not work, you will often see him for his life to get away from it, which is of course what I would do. That's why I often looked at my fingers for kids. Kolchak was pleasant and you took care that something bad happened to him. You were scared of her and other signs. Of course, the producers and writers knew that everyone could create a monster game, scary music, and control the arresting scene, but it is empty if you don't care about the characters. Darren McGavin said that the reason the exhibition only lasted for the season was that he was tired of the "monster" of the week and he decided not to continue. I can tell you that I mourn when this exhibition was in childhood, but as an adult, I see why he couldn't continue this formula for a very long time. I still love 20 episodes and two films that celebrated McGavin as a worshiping, decisive and brown but good-hearted reporter for INS, known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt that anyone who makes exhibitions or movies really understands why I loved the exhibition. It is not monsters, darkly lit sets, horrible music or funny guest stars, although they are all important ingredients. The secret of this success is in the title - "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without McGavin's love, worshiping Carl Kolchaki to root and care, it's not just at night.
