Bill Crain is rarer than a rare film, which certainly does not correspond to the usual guidelines for stem and slashes, which are so important to their colleagues. This time bogeyman uses grenades and small arms and awesome weapons; - a sin that is virtually unacceptable in most of the post-Halloween genres. But there is still enough knowledge to keep slasher buffs from checking the rules and the plot is never too far from the path you have been waiting for. Just as Wally Koz's surprisingly decent 555 was apparently put together with the help of various family members, Mirage seems to have been a joint production of the director's relatives. Looking at the credit, I noticed several features in building key positions. But despite the relatively good penetration across the globe, the film was not impressed by either Atlantic Ocean and now it has become quite a VHS market. Nevertheless, it made me even more enjoyable and did I make the effort to track down the copy? <br /> <br /> This is all happening in the middle of dessert, which I am sure you will hardly accept the most exciting location. But to say this, I must admit that there is certainly no chance that John Q's laws would change unexpectedly. Four indisputably beautiful youngsters lead the sand at night, with robbery and frolics, which always seem to be a terrible maniac. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet with a fun new hippies Trip (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton). Greg's elder brother, Kyle (Todd Schaefer) and his buxom girlfriend, Bambi (Laura Albert), contact the body counters early to find fear. Kyle still used Chris before his younger brother took the liberty to steal his squeeze? something that Kyle does not seem too forgotten. Sound like a massacre motive? What did you expect? Before long, accumulation with a unique set of sleeves adds an invisible person to the tinted window. Does any child survive to follow the path? <br /> <br /> I have had some information about this feature. I don't even know if director Bill Crain is William Crain? man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula among others. Mirage certainly does not appear in her official filmography, so your guess is as good as mine. Considering the reliable work behind the camera, I have to say that I find it hard to believe that this is the debut of a man with previous cinematographic experience. The film has been stylishly photographed with some great work from DP Michael Crain and the director is able to give the tension if necessary. R. Christopher Biggsi Gore FX is imaginatively created and terrible, and the BBFC, who inadvertently promised to pass it on to the UNCUT, usually in a strict 18, has been worshiped over a sleepy head. A couple of murders are indeed terrible. One man is buried at the sand neck before the grenade face-to-face, while the other literally reaches his feet after losing the battle with the disk and the forklift! There is also black humor, which is definitely involuntary. We spend most of the function, seeing only the killer boots when he leaves his vehicle and hides the young. But when he discovered that it was similar to Keanu Reeves's Bill and Tedi bog tour, I didn't know what to expect. Luckily, Crain knows exactly how to keep things horrible and showdown is especially important when psycho reduces Chris sadistically. <br /> <br /> There are surprisingly good results for very inefficient exhibitions. Divine Jennifer McAllister does a great job with heroine and B.G. Caregivers are fine in their jewelery. The Casting Director wisely chose to choose some of the most beautiful women ever killed in the cinema, and this is not grateful for its potential. The soundtrack works well to create an atmosphere of an isolated atmosphere, carefully managed by a director who should have signed and taken care of by Hollywood's great forces. Watch a great nightmare that is truly a horrible film making, the most interesting. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good late entry into the cycle, which was somewhat regrettable to exclude the boom year that placed the Slasher elite. If you think this was done with just seven choices and a forklift, you must say that they did a good job of the devil. The disadvantages are numerous, but never compromise the credibility of the result. Unfortunately, you have probably found more ways to find liquid gold in your coffee maker if you need to track the copy. If you see that it is covered on the top shelf of a local video store, make sure you pick it up. Recommended.
