Some of the best films that are categorized as "comedies" blur comedy and drama. The "Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid", also made in the late 1960s, are perfect examples. Are they comedies with dramatic undertones or lots of humor? In many aspects, the "Odd Couple" belongs to this same category, being both comedy and very dramatic, with a deep foundation for human nature. Much of what happens can be funny for the audience, but the characters don't laugh. <br /> <br /> Despite the fairly light TV shows of the 1970s, the original "odd couple" is not just a clean guy and a dirty man forced to live with his marital status. It is really two opposites who have to face why their marriages broke down and how their harmful features show themselves outside marriage. Characteristic of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), the Felix Hungarian (Jack Lemon's completely distinctive feature) is just a start and a bit superficial. As the story comes out, we find that these men have much more than just purity and confusion. who we will ever meet, but that is an important character throughout the story. On the verge of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: Oscar Madison's apartment, where a group of poker players get so often every time. We learn that Ungar is not just a member of this "poker club", but the group knows what happens to him and tries to help him in an unfair way. Madison figures, the best way to help Hungary, are to let her move with her until her suicidal tendencies wear out. <br /> <br /> Madison doesn't like what she's about to do. Madison is a happy happy happy rather than an irresponsible slob who was last cleaned when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is to grip the pressed cheese and paste it between the two breads, then throwing the contents of the chips packed on the table. On the other hand, he has joy and women in a short time. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not just completely different, it is the opposite. Not only is she an obsessive nut, which finds more pleasure in disinfecting an apartment than meeting women, but she knows more than most women about cooking and fine eating. At one point he calls his former wife not to talk about reconciliation but to get his recipe for a piece of meat. At one point, Ungar spent the rest of his dinner with cabbage candy. When Madison seems impressive, Ungar finally admits that he only does it with his roommate because he can't shut it down. Who is this guy? But he has another pleasant feature: Felix is ​​also hypocondria. He confirms his health up to the point where he makes strange noises in public places, claiming that he is helping his nose cores. He seems to have all the health states in the book. And if they were more exposed, Felix would probably have them. Ultimately, he is too independent. <br /> <br /> Running a movie is a reference to marriage. At one point, when Madison tries to convince Hungary, she says, "What do you want, wedding ring?" But he knows little that it is not a pure man who is unable to deal with filths, but vice versa. Their friendship becomes an inadvertent hellish relationship. And the climax occurs when Oscar calls two lonely British sisters with both comic and tragic results. This is one of the best comedies ever written and shouldn't be missed by Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon's top performances, which is hard to imagine if someone else plays better. It is unfortunate that writing this caliber is unfortunately not the most comedy produced today.
