I don't think I've ever given Walter Matthau as his comic artist. He has probably been wonderful in many bright roles, but I think I have always put my success to the contempt and mercilessness of my characters, which is in contradiction with the amazing personality of his frequent co-star, Jack Lemmon, and I think this is a natural extension of his earlier work in dramatic pictures. Gene Saks' 'The odd couple (1968)', adapted to the popular Neil Simon game, suddenly clicked into reality: Matthau is in itself completely fun! For the first time a striking audience like dirty, crude oil and generally unpleasant, his Oscar Madison manages to wear his hearts, culminating in the overwhelming appreciation of the emotions Matthau speaks of a voice that is not entirely his own. At the same time, keeping his comedian, his interaction with Lemmon is, of course, pitch-perfect; indeed, the film rightly belongs to both participants who have never been able to illuminate the cinema screen, let alone together. <br /> <br /> Reminiscent of Billy Wilder's "The Apartment (1960)" scenario, this Neil Simon comedy builds itself around a rather ill assumption. The compulsive housekeeper, Felix Unger (Lemmon), who had been lifted for twelve years by his wife, is trying to commit suicide, but surrenders hopelessly after trying to open his window behind his back. Abandoned, he arrives at a good friend Oscar (Matthau) house, a divorced slave who lives alone in a food selection of potato chips and green sandwiches (which may contain very new cheese or very old meat!). Oscar offers a friendly place to stay at Felix, but soon her perfect personality and constant demand for absolute cleanliness will surprise her. The couple is an unusual marriage solution, where Felix assumes the role of a feminine and constantly nervous woman and an Oscar as a dumb, illegitimate spouse who always comes home when she should. It is a marriage that lasts barely three weeks and finally we can fully recognize Felix's former wife, who remains invisible. <br /> <br /> The Odd Couple is a terrible comedy, above all because it has a lot of heart. For all these claims, it is obvious that two roommates have a lot of affection for each other, most visibly when Felix tries to get into this fierce radius? maybe accidentally? at the end of the day, the Oscar informs about how he "is". A couple of four poker girls (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) are constantly deepening each other with some twilight annoyances, but you cannot deny that they have the best intentions. Their decision to cure Felix, as if nothing had happened to him, would have been theoretically good, but perhaps ignored, was not the right solution to the imperfection and unreasonability of Felix's gloomy ignorance. Unlike popular production-based comedies (I was recently disappointed with Wilder's Seven Year's Itching) (1955), this film just didn't hit the same chord all the way, and the relationship between the two interfaces is gradually developing through tears, laughter and lots of disagreement.
