There is much more to open an odd pair than in most movies. Felix Unger (Poor Boy Monogram Even Curls It) Controlled by New York Hotel. The clean lady says, "Good evening." "Goodbye," he says back. In his room he empties his pockets, then he tries to take off his wedding ring only to put the items in a purely envelope addressed to his wife and beloved children. When does the viewer finally put it together? aha, he's going to get himself down? do we look at him to open the window? Oh no, he jumps? A poor man injures his lower back. This is all you need to know about Felix Unger? her husband has left her, she is a compulsive cleaner and she is hypocondria. And all in one scene. Is this a specific genius of Neil Simon's comedy? it is a situation and a character. There are few obvious physical jokes? no crutches in the groin, no cheap gags? just funny characters in awkward situations. And of course, he is the master of manipulating the audience's expectations. From the time of the swingers, imagine what I was thinking of the date scene when Felix is ​​lying about breaking his marriage with the girls where his roommate Oscar has reached his apartment. He blows it, right? Think again. Girls love her sensitivity, her ability to cry in front of them. They call him back because his chop is burned because Oscar didn't pay enough attention to it. He's like Flynn, right? Yeah, but he doesn't want to go with the girls because he feels vulnerable. Good stuff. And it has an even greater style that minimizes editing and maximizes an eight-room apartment. You have Jack Lemmon and slouchy, a bag for Walter Matthau Chrissake, why confuse it? The visual style reminded me of breakfast at Tiffany because of the great depth of field and the interaction between the various action plans. Particularly memorable is the scene where Felix fleeing the Oscar closes the partition only to realize that the partition does not cover where Oscar comes from. You have a real feeling about the layout of the apartment and the proximity where the two divorces live. Here is that these two are really married? to each other. So observations are made about the marriage that is ignored in the traditional romantic comedy, even more sharp, because they are two men.
