I got this movie from a Norwegian cousin and I had to convert it to a video copied into Norwegian-American format. Compared to this film (1948) with Telemark heroes (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (struggle for heavy water) suffers himself by playing his respective roles, even though the actors were also playing in the role of sabotageists in subsequent campaigns in Norway to fight for freedom. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian with French, German and English (with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> The history of this was impressive, which led to the struggle. French scientists were interested in getting about two hundred kilograms of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to return to France to do laboratory research on its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were also interested in heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were worried that the Nazis could drive early in Norway, and through their secret codes their husband attacked Nazi spies on his trip to Oslo, where he got heavy water and made it unobstructed. He looked at the two spies when he entered the airplane, but they didn't see him in the other half where he passed the asphalt into another plane where his baby was waiting for him. This clever trick worked using an airplane as a lure that the Nazis later forced in Hamburg. <br /> <br /> The Norwegian invasion of the morning of April 9, 1940, took over the Nazis over Norsk Hydro and the Norwegian Underground, and the British intelligence service was responsible for operating in London. Professor Leif Trondstad volunteered for 11 young Norwegians; "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" groups who successfully sabotaged Vemork's heavy water. This was shown in detail as to how they actually did the operation, including the sinking of the ferry after the Nazis gave up Norsk Hydro to transport heavy water to railway wagons to Berlin. <br /> <br /> The film was fair, although there were many cracks in the movie. I recommend this film to anyone interested in the history of World War II.
