One day someone writes an essay that compares Paul Naschy's "Furm Wolfman" with major Spanish surrealist "L'age D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou". The Naschy film is a delirium masterpiece from beginning to end. Dali and Bunuel probably loved it and ate their hearts, seeing that somebody was doing it easily, which they had to pull their brains. <br /> <br /> The film lacks a unified structure, although it has a plot that moves from A to B C. Some mishmash "Professor Walterman" - his first name, mind - who was bitten by a Yeti monster while he was driving To Tibet and has not been the same as understandable. One of his jealous colleagues, a crazy daughter of Dr. Wolfstein, knows his condition and shows that his wife has been deceiving him. But the setting of his twisted scientific experiment to trigger his inner beast. "Walterman" slips out, becomes a werewolf, kills some people, is under an electric shock, dies, is buried, busy, taken to a castle filled with circus freaks, connected to various machines, mixed with electronic effects injected with strong elixirs, chained , becomes a werewolf, a woman in an evening sticker with thigh-high Nazi fetish boots. flees, helps a pretty female doctor to find the exit of the castle, pulls out the circus freaks with the direction of battle, finally turns the werewolf back and fights for the incarnation of a woman's werewolf. The lady with Nazi boots shoots her from the Luger pistol with silver balls, they die together and the beautiful doctor walks with the shaker in the morning, who did nothing. "Look! What a beautiful day it is!" <br /> <br /> "La Furia del Hombre Lobo" was written by Paul Naschy. The original director, Enrique Eguilez, was fired and replaced by José María Zabalza, a drunken man who was notoriously drunk throughout production. He was often unable to work (although he found time to instruct his 14-year-old nephew to change the script) and Naschy was largely in charge of a film he had not credited. Zabalza did enough to rally some action from one of Naschy's previous "Wolfman of the Wolfman". Fortunately, the scenes were twice usable even when the costumes were different, and helped to work out when Zabalza refused to quit the movie. Mail production was a nightmare. No one knew who was doing the editing, ran out of money, the master print disappeared for a while, and then, when screening the film's pre-release, the executive came to find Zabalza urinating into the gutter into the theater. He was too drunk to find a toilet, but at least he did it. <br /> <br /> But the film works somehow when you shoot it. These keys to these atavistic memories are about broken castles, vaulted catacombs, chains, whips, gloomy moorings. The fans of such things find it hypnotically observable, even if the story as a whole is not meaningful due to the fractured uninterrupted execution. In one scene, he fires the rain and the wolf; Next, he shot his bone dry and he was crying in the full moon. Then it rained again. And yet you don't see it as a gaff. It is a similar dream with contradictions, the same contradictions and the consequences; First, the huntman pulls the power cord and screams, and then the cable starts to glow with electricity. People say its low budget is detrimental to overall efficiency - I say the film would have been tricky if they had more time to spend. It's a miracle to do something and succeed not because of what it might have been, but because of what it does. It is easy to laugh at things of this kind and leave it even easier. The trick is the chance to see through chaos, or rather chaos as part of the effect. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy died last week at age 75. for one year or more, worked on film projects until the last day but died in Madrid with chemotherapy in Spain. His rich, diverse and surprisingly long career is a legacy for a person who follows his artistic vision in the interests of the universal mainstream. And yet we all have an eleven-year-old boy watching his films like "Furman of Wolfman" rapt awe. Even people who do not like Euro Horror will discover in this film something to admire if only a few minutes on a couple of spot. You can find it free at Archive.Org or even buy it on DVD for nickel. It's worth a lot, much more. <br /> <br /> Naschy was frightening to find out that many others, like myself, watch this twisted, sick, demented small film as a classic masterpiece of non-cinema dementia. The problems he was experiencing after the film's production and confusion were apparently too personal artistic disappointments for Naschy's forgiveness. I never think I'd dare to forgive him, but I'll say this: I'll look at "Fury of the Wolfman" in his dinghy, the most cut and worsened full-screen public print, once the surprising, uncomfortable mess of swine flu cineplexes or some other weekend. <br /> <br /> The world lost a great artist this month. Watch your movies and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
