A striking farce in the world of glamorous soap opera! This movie is fun! It has to be said that you must have a taste of films with screaming, hysterical dialogue, seemingly acting and melodramatic plot. But if you do, you will pamper one hell. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste's Talbert, the television's "Queen of Misery". Celeste's cozy life is thrown into confusion when Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), her long lost brother, and at the same time Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - excellent as always), loved Celeste a long time ago. But Celeste has a hidden deep, blind secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey can just bring it to the surface. Add to the devilish Montana Moorehead (a wonderful Cathy Moriarty, a completely "wonderful woman with testosterone back-up mode") who is trying hard to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Downey, Jr.), a soybean boyfriend who secretly slips down with Montana to destroy Celeste; and Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), a screenwriter and a true celestial trustee in Celeste, and you are helpful in assisting sub-blocks and general chaos. <br /> <br /> Such chaotic comedies are complicated (does anyone remember "Mixed Nuts"), but if it's done well, it can be pretty funny! An important ingredient that is needed for any good comedy is the casting of experienced professionals who know that many times the most funny things are not spoken, but are seen by expression or appearance. Field, Kline, Goldberg and the rest all work so well and they have a clear time that their energy and enthusiasm is hard to pull. Shue is clearly the weakest link here, but he only draws attention because he is surrounded by Field, Kline and others. Moriarty has a striking role that makes you think of the hottest fucking dominatrix you ever saw! There are also many familiar faces you know in small (but still very funny) roles, including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher. Directed by Michael Hoffman, he keeps up the pace, and the hysterical plot moves to a great finish. Also worth mentioning is the Robert Harling scenario, which has been carefully designed for the soap opera production in the soap opera. The dialogue boils down to the big lines that the actors have given (I would bet that many of these things were improvised). <br /> <br /> See if you want to see a bunch of pros doing what they do best and having a great time doing it, get your hands on it. If nothing else, you will make a good mood and laugh!
