It seems a little inconvenient to call a movie about war and shock of the Holocaust, because many of us only know too well the horrors that war and violence bring. Using the adjective "shocking", I am not going to mean that I am surprised by the things in this movie or that I was not aware of it before, but that I have this movie very impressive showing how crazy and incomprehensible it is to kill each other, whether with or for no reason. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this result because it was inconsistent, but its action is still strong enough and has enormous charisma. She is very well and immediately sympathetic. Of course his help looks pretty beautiful, but it has nothing to do with being just a good actor who plays a good part. <br /> <br /> There are certain contradictions in Hanna's war. Sometimes I get the idea director Menahem Golan (which was often deceived by the murder of Gianni Versace) and it should actually have taken a couple of scenarios. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he made this impressive and thought-provoking film and, as I am very positive about it, I think he did a good job. <br /> <br /> The other side of the movie is the most interesting and tragic. It focuses on Hanna's suffering (beware of Donald Pleasence's brutal and sardonic captain Rosza taking pictures) and shows intense injustice and horror with hate and violence and war. I get Hanna's war, especially on the other side, as a strong anti-war movie, and that's why Golan's credit deserves it. It is also the other side where Maruschka Detmer's talent appears, creating a character that goes into the film's history, one of the most talented, strongest and most tragic. It is also good to see that Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and style has always reminded me of Romy Schneider, who was alive and cast in her life, would have made an equally effective contribution to Hanna's war. <br /> <br /> The tragic impact of the other side and the desperate tension that has sometimes been replaced by promising prospects and good news leads to a number of final scenes that show in tragedy something so unexpected, so moving and poetic that it hit me and left me in tears. And when I got it again, it wasn't even a fiction, it all happened, I found myself in tears. Hanna's imagination, represented by Maruschka Detmers, is, in my opinion, forever.
