This film catches a lot of bottles, but it is usually based on a movie played on US television, and it is also released for VHS and DVD, buying companies like Alpha, Unicorn and so on. the film never had theater productions in countries, although the Avco Embassy adopted it in 1973. In Spain, filmmakers took two versions of nudity, one of which was clothes and one was out. The full-cut English dubbed export print was titled WEREWOLF NONE SLEEPS and seems to have been released in the 1980s in Sweden. It can be found on eBay and pleasant and is highly recommended. I think Avco cuts the film for a release called R, which has never happened. In 1974, Avco opened a television called FURY OF THE WOLFMAN and a dressed version was used for this publication. Cut 12 years later and FURY OF THE WOLFMAN will appear in the title of the Charter for home video. This version seems to be what Avco '73. This is an uncovered version that has some nudity that could never go on a TV or PG movie. The chart tape has several scenes that play with nudity dressed in TV (a source of all of these Dud and VHS publications). Compared to the completely uncovered WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS, it turns out that this version has cut 2 scenes! (Spoilers in the next section) A scene where Ilonal is tied to a Waldermar wall and whips her after she has changed the werewolf is incomplete. After she starts hitting her, she starts removing her clothes and loves the werewolf! The werewolf also responds positively to these sexual shenanigan. This scene is definitely one of the most unusual horror movies in history and is a scary treatment. It's not graphical, but indirect creativity was too much for the US audience or more likely for the MPAA. Ilona has fallen in love with Waldemar and was unable to own her, so her entire scheme had to lead Waldermar's wife and involve her. He wanted to destroy his marriage and he would get it when Waldemar was in Tibet. Unfortunately he returns a werewolf, but it does not slow him down a bit. If he can't physically shoot him as a man, he loves him enough to be a werewolf. It also helps to explain the later scene where the werewolf puts the woman underneath her, where she sleeps naked when she is behind her window. This scene is presented with nudity of the covered version and really makes no sense. In the uncut version, it seems that Ilona's senses have made the werewolf a horny and need to be released so that she rapes the first woman who gets after the escape. The second cut is in bed at Waldemar's quarry and she's naked to see. A very similar bedroom scene was also cut from the US version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN). The film, however, has problems. The director was drunk, bad was standing in the werewolves points, scary English copying, adding sequences from the first Waldemar movie MARK of the WOLFMAN, or FRANKENSTEIN BLOODY TERROR, and the grotesque overuse of this movie's score, etc. NEVER SLEEPS), this is one of the wildest and outrageous lines of the Daninski werewolves series, with the exception of the kitchen sink approach. This movie is cut / dressed in a pan and scans with full-screen copies, and unfortunately it's almost almost all the versions that commented on the movie. The film bears the copyright of 1970 and contributes to the false date of the 1972 publication in IMDb. In front of the film is WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) and it certainly appeared before WEREWOLF SHADOW. TERMINATION OF WEREWOLF HIGH SLEEPS / REFRIGERATOR will end directly with the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, providing concrete evidence of this. Unfortunately, its full version may not get proper release. The perfect edition would be a non-polished English version, but Spanish with subtitles in English. Copying English seriously damages the movie. However, any Spanish version would reflect the covered version, as shown in the Franco era in Spain, where nudity was verboten.
