I saw it when it premiere and just looked at it again in the IFC. It talks about many of the possible stories of the migrant farmers' population who came to Hawaii to work in the early 1900s for sugar plantations. My grandparents were part of this migration; my parents were born in the big island of Kohala during the movie. I went over Big Island more than a year ago after living in California for over 30 years. I was surprised that many of the former sugar cane growing lands are still developed, with natural cane growing for years after planting was closed. I have heard many stories about my aunts and uncles who were children when planting. This film helps to shape such stories and memories. This story is a historical document rather than a romantic plot-based film. It leaves my head shaking to read an overview like ccthemovieman. Some people just don't get it. <br /> <br /> I did not remember that Youki Kudoh played the main role he did with incredible work. I remember his excellent performances by Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train" and Australian film with Russell Crowe, "Heaven's Burning". Tamlyn Tomita did an excellent job of his pidgin English, especially for someone who did not grow on the islands. I had forgotten that Toshiro Mifune had a role playing narrator for the moving picture. And I overlooked the fact that Jason Scott Lee was one of the planters at the time of the payday scene. <br /> <br /> I was sad to know that the director and co-author Kayo Hatta died in 2005 during a casual drowning. <br /> <br /> There are two other excellent foreign films that reflect this reed planting experience: "Gaijin" about immigrant cane workers in Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same period; and "Sugar cane alley" on the cane planting experience in Africa. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin" is unfortunately not shown for some time. Another great film about early Asian experiences when immigrants were more slaves is "Thousands of Gold". It was put on the involvement of Chinese workers in the construction of railways, Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
