This is undoubtedly the best film director Haim Bouzaglo, which has been done so far. A qualified TV director who is well trained in storytelling and staging his actors through a long epic, tried in this very low budget film to try the very special psychological situation that the Israelis live, even though they are attacks under constant terrorist risk, resulting in a "distorted" life . Each character tries to live his life, watch and control others, while observing and controlling other characters and mostly under constant pressure from political and historical forces that are not under his control. Some call this destiny, but fate has a very specific performance in this film. <br /> <br /> There are no clear political words for 'distortion'. The characters will never discuss politics, not to say 'bastards'. when they hear that a new terrorist attack is taking place. Their reaction to events is the localization of the attack and the enumeration of victims by dead and wounded officials and media terminology. They do not really live, but are borrowed at a time that is happy to survive one bomb, and is waiting for the next event to wait. Personal, social and working life seems to work somehow, but it is deeply flawed and affected by events. The main character of the director is a playwright, whose midst of personal and creative crisis is amplified by the pressure of events and the fact that he is lucky enough to leave the spot of a terrorist attack a minute before the bomb explodes. He hires a private detective to monitor his girlfriend, a TV researcher suspected of having his next exhibition theme - another unsuccessful man, a former army whose business and family life is being crushed during events. He begins to write a game that copies reality and brings it to the stage, in a movie scene that resembles both Hamlet and Synecdoche, New York. I dare not suspect that Charlie Kaufman is looking for Bouzaglo's shoulder, he doesn't need it, but the Israeli director's screen is great to predict a later movie (and first director Kaufman). Like American film elements, real people play with them and begin to communicate with them in a reality-stage-stage-reality-melange that is never logical, at least not artistic. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo directs his actors to normal talent, trusts them and allows them to live rather than act. Her style is much more free here than her TV series and the "distortion" effects, even though they are borrowed from American horror movies, work pretty well. The end seemed to me to be a bit rhetorical and dramatically unsatisfactory, but the shadow of the suicide bomber who worships the film and the whole situation in the temporal chain also follows the film later, remembering the viewer.
