I have read very interestingly the unique commentary made before me about this movie, and I would first like to say that I understand the previous user's position, who commented very well on this film: from a Israeli point of view, very well imagine that this film concerns a very sensitive one questions and that the smallest detail can be of great importance to the viewer, who is more or less directly involved in the events described in this film. I would like to say that at the November 2005 film festival in Cologne ('Cinéma tout écran'), where he won the audience award ('Prix du public'in French'), there was a 'distortion'. I liked the fact that I liked the work of Mr Bouzaglo's nervous camera, which, in my opinion, represented an extremely intense and uncomfortable atmosphere in the film, and I think most of the Swiss viewers appreciated it. However, such a perspective may seem completely "foreign" to the Israeli viewer, but not as surprising as Swiss viewers, because Switzerland is a country that has never been subjected to a terrorist attack. It is not surprising, therefore, that Geneva's audience was much more "isolated" in the film. I would also like to quote what Mr Bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by the Geneva newspaper (I have translated from French): '' After 50 years of living here and after we have all suffered from this violence, we can ask ourselves if it is still possible stay normal. We may sometimes think that suicide would be easier than living. We're like movie characters, '' edge edge ''. This is the reason why a private investigator, who is somehow "voyeur", is the happiest character of a movie because he earns a living through the system, he takes advantage of this situation '' This is essentially the main thing I and the Swiss public in this film have said, and that we did not pay attention to some inconsistencies with the film characters, which the precedent of the precedent noted very precisely and with humor. In conclusion, a different country = a different perspective, but I think it is somewhat big because it affirms to me what influences the future of the cinema, that is, it never responds to a "unique" formatted way of thinking.
