Distortion is a disturbing, haunting film that reflects the life that reflects life and art. Haim Bouzaglo, director of the film, plays Haim Bouzllo, an artificially blocked and sexually impotent playwright, who finds his inspiration for his girlfriend's documentary film. As an Arab suicide bomber who is hidden in a skullcap and an American t-shirt, travels through the landscape with his target and nerves, Haim writes about his girlfriend's life by filming his documentary and engaging himself and his actors during the rehearsals. But the bomber has already hit and Haim has left the restaurant just a few minutes earlier. Despite the time and space manipulation, the story is crystal clear, all-encompassing and absorbing, a great comment on the "distortion" of Israeli everyday life, where the political is intertwined with the individual, where everyone lives on the "edge" and people never know whether they play a leading role in their lives or are simply insignificant players in the dramatic narration of someone else. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo plays the idea that everyone is an actor on someone else. We are always voyeurists, seeing what a fictional director unlawfully sees, but also what a "real" director decides to reveal. To remind us that these eyes are a violation of privacy, Bouzaglo takes us to the bathroom and bedroom (sometimes a bedroom with street and roof) and repeatedly looks into his views into a TV, video, or security screen. Actors play the role of actors representing "real" characters. Of course, every actor is a star of his production, but only slightly aware of their little role in the personal films of their actors. A writer employed by a writer becomes a sign in the game. The actor hired by the detective is looking for the "advice" of the detective on how to play this role, the detective puts on the observation tape and they participate in the cast party as their true selves. <br /> <br /> Despite this diversity, the clear features of this narrative are not wrong: the playwright is looking for an object, the bomber is looking for a target, and the detective hides the filmmaker. Also, there is no difficulty with Bouzaglo's final target? Enervated and impotent with the discovery of Israel, fully aware of the imminent threat, but unable to act intelligently. Israel is Bouzaglo, an impotent fictional playwright who can play his game. Israel is also a bankruptcy soldier who is a documentary filmmaker, deceiving actors and actors, and a spouse. They are all Israel, because they are all helpless, hit by inactivity or determined action, because the bomber is looking for a landscape for his best target. All the characters can do, because it is reported that the second bombing is sexual and preserves the "scores" of the victims. <br /> <br /> At the end of this movie, at the end of this game, there is a personal triumph, vindication, perhaps revenge. , but viewers remain painful for the state of Israel, even when they are full of admiration for Bouzaglo's memorable transfer of state from individual to individual.
