- A very beautiful red woman waiting for her plane to meet the charming young man she connects with. When two of them fly and sit next to each other, the young man becomes Jack dead when he threatens to add either to change the space the politician and his wife are in, or else his father is dying. Now, see what happens when you train a trainer, things that never happen in the first class. <br /> <br /> -Other than the conflict that is happening in flight, the second thing that this movie shares with Flightplan is absolutely incredible * when it's a story. to be murdered, which is a pretty plausible plan, but is it not easier for Jack to find someone who was computer-based and has a hacking system? Nowadays, teenagers can do something with computers, so I'm pretty sure it would have been easier just change it to a computer, instead of going through the trouble of getting more troublesome and getting him into a dangerous situation where he goes into the movie. <br /> <br /> -The one thing that struck me was strange how no one heard about the plan The thing they were talking about is a very small plane that was talked about here and because their voices were sometimes raised, it seems to me that other travelers should have heard something, but I'm 100% sure I read it too much. The weather is meant to be as realistic as the "24" episode, so that such complexities cannot be confused. For all my complaints, it's still a very fun movie that does the job. This is not exactly what needs your brain to close, but at the same time, it does not require great intelligence for full enjoyment. <br /> <br /> -I'd like to sit here in my cozy chair and make a brilliant film, but I really can't. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy and I like Brian Cox, but they don't stretch my acting muscles here. It's not really a big problem because it's not a movie whose studios are hoping to win several awards and the actress is not the least terrible, just not great. Wes Craven is not the first thing to remember when you think of such a movie, but she does a very nice job considering the time they had to film the film and the lack of depth of the script. It was definitely a big step forward for the "damn" of disappointment, and as much as I liked doing something different about this movie, I would still like to go back to the actions of the past, which are great horror films that have been talking for decades its release. <br /> <br /> - One nice thing about the movie I really appreciated was how short the film was. It's nice to sit back and watch a nice three hours or so movie once for a while, but nowadays it's like every movie that comes out seems too long when that movie seemed just the right length. Not too long and too short. They don't waste time trying to develop symbols too much, because they know it's not for this movie and making a very nice short film. As a great film music, I have to say that the best part of the film is the extreme score of Marco Beltram. It's really nice to see that Beltram is going to write about predictable things for the great music he's doing now. I'm really a cool techno / orchestra stuff he does for titles. Too bad that I can't find a soundtrack anywhere, would have really loved listening to titles anytime I wanted to listen to the pop on the DVD instead of listening to it. <br /> <br /> -General it is great what it is and what is far from a big cinema, but it should offer some small entertainment and one and a half hours
