On a one-night flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) will meet a charming man who will be hired as a killer who demands his help in killing a businessman or otherwise his father dies. > Red Eye is a terrible thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. The assumption is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth, but Red Eye is better than both movies. Almost all red eyes are above average, including intercourse, function and direction. Most movies are on the airplane, but it doesn't let the film slow down. The film is very fast and exciting, without a slow or boring patch. Wes Craven is doing a great job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on excitement, he focuses on story and characters. The film has some of the seemingly moments, but that's not what the film really touches. I also like how Wes Craven focuses on other travelers and smaller details that will later become important. The red eye really shows your skills in storytelling. <br /> <br /> The red eye works well because of its young and talented stories. Rachel McAdams gives a very interesting job and her character is hard to hate. You can even rejoice at him loudly. Cillian Murphy gives a very bad and effective result as a villain. Particularly impressive is how he is first charming, but then becomes a psycho. Supporting actors are also pretty good, including Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The film is also very stylish and it is crappy. The setup works well because there is an obvious fear of isolation and escape. In general, the film's tone is consistently horrible. The scenario is not as strong as everything else. There are some unrealistic moments that can disturb viewers. Most of them didn't bother me, but there were few of those who shook my head. Finally, there is disappointment. It is not a bad ending but a very simple one and a different approach would have been better. Since the film focuses on characters, there are really no moments of momentum, maybe just a few jumps. If you are waiting for a horror movie, you will finally be disappointed. Finally, the Red Eye is an interesting thriller and is one of the best summer movies. Rating 8/10
