The Red Eye begins in Texas, where hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) starts back to Miami for her last "red-eye" flight, where she lives and works. While waiting for an aircraft, Lisa meets a nice and charming Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy) and they both seem to hit when they arrive on the plane, they find that they sit side by side at random. When the plane is down and they are in the air, Jackson shows who he really is and that their seemingly random meeting was not a coincidence, Jackson says he works for someone who wants to murder Secretary of Internal Security Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia) & they need him, to change your room in a hotel where she works in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to call the hotel to happen or her father is killed ... <br /> <br /> Director Wes Craven, perhaps better known for his horror films, such as the last house on the left (1972), Nightmare Elm Street (1984), The Serpent and the Rainbow (1989), People under the stairs (1991), and the screaming trilogy of teenage slasherists short, dull, fast-paced, small thriller like the Red Eye seems like a big deviation from this movie Craven usually does. The Carl Ellsworth script has a surprisingly thrilling thriller, which I have to admit that I really enjoyed it, with only 85 odd lengths, it's a very fast movement, an economical and literally kind of movie that focuses almost entirely on one narrow, taught to try, not to go in different directions lots of sub-blocks. Some may like the approach I did, while others may not, but I think it will pull you a lot more because it is thick and fast without the film slowing down and giving you the opportunity to relax. I really liked the plot of the red eye, sure that such a film always has one or two questionable moments about drawing, but what the hell, it's an entertaining film and for me what it did. I liked two middle-sized characters, Lisa is very pleasing, while Jackson Rippner (the obvious game under the name of the notorious Victorian serum killer Jack Ripper) is a suitably slimy frog with a cold - I only do my job-type mentality. Another plus point is that I didn't think anyone was acting too stupid here, everyone seemed to be human beings and the movies were playing relatively credibly. I really liked it and this is one of Craven's latest latest films. <br /> <br /> Craven turns into a good, tense, tight, trained and fast paced thriller with attractive cast, some good action and a thrilling plot. He's definitely not hanging out and when he starts working and tension, he never lets up, far and farther, is the most effective part of the movie when Rippner keeps the Add hostage on the plane and when the movie turns to Miami & Adds to the Fathers House becomes a bit routine, but it is still good. Particularly mentioning Rachel McAdams, who is absolutely proud of it, I can probably look back at Red Eye just because she is in it and is waiting for the stunned dead to be stunned. Those who see the name of Wes Craven, associated with the Red Eye and waiting for the movie, should think again, because there is no horror at all (despite the IMDb, which lists "Horror" as the Red Eye genre). I am not sure that the end, on the one hand, was nice to see that the villain is living for a change that is contrary to traditional expectations, but it could have been more satisfactory if Lisa killed him in some way. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks apparently provided the Red Eye with an initial budget of $ 44,000,000, but reduced it to $ 25,000,000, although it is still a very well-made film with shiny product values. It was actually shot in Los Angeles and Florida in California. The film was allegedly written with the husband and wife of Sean Penn & Robin Wright Penn, who were destined for managers, but eventually the younger leaders made the decision. As I have already said, Rachel McAdams is a pure eye candy and this is the whole baby being viewed for watching the movie. Oh, and he puts on a decent performance. <br /> <br /> The red eye is really a fast pace that taught the tension with the little thriller I enjoyed enormously, I didn't think I enjoyed it as much as I did, and I'm glad I decided to watch it. It definitely gives me a recommendation and Rachel McAdams is a really hot thing in this ...
