Scream was Wes Craven's last decent thriller. Since then, there has been nothing more than the intolerable streak of the Hollywood trash that was barely good enough to say it at night, including the scream of Scream queues. Perhaps the genius dedicated to the film and the finishing work led him out of all energy and creativity, so when he came to dinner he had nothing to do but his own doo doo. Finally, after knowing how many bad movies later, he gives us a delicious, ruthless, thrilling, cool temporary thriller with Red Eye. <br /> <br /> Rachel McAdams once again offers great performance when playing a hotel manager who has an unfortunate link with an important political figure and regularly at his hotel. Then he will meet at the airport with Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond), whom he will get a little better after the late flight and cool breeze. What he does not know if he already knows him. And he also knows his father, whom he never sees when he does not cooperate and meets Jackson's demands - to use his ties to create his own regular murder. <br /> <br /> You probably think this is nothing more than your daily thriller with predictability and chasing scenes. Although this is a good old-fashioned thriller, it is its beauty. No special effects. There is no cheap way. Just a classic relationship. You feel despair and regret for every decision that McAdams is forced to do, and you really care about him when he delights in every move he does to find his escape from his claustrophobic position. <br /> <br /> As always, it provides fun and convincing performance. It is either his cute face or his astonished ability to sincerely cry, but always seems to be sympathetic to him when his role demands it. Cillian Murphy, on the other hand, is naturally horrible, so even if the trailer did not show it, her ultimate transition from charming strangers to ruthless jackasses is not surprising. Perhaps it would have been more than to see that a beautiful boy, like Toby Maguire, would become an evil relentless crazy. Nevertheless, Cillian Murphy, after her true identity, played a role so firmly that you really would want to die or at least get her ass. <br /> <br /> Don't forget this feature. There are a lot of chalking moments of chalkboards and heart-jumpers that keep your eyes on the screen, not like your recent Craven pictures. If not for you, do it all the time when you see your girlfriend or boyfriend or someone jump with a pop-up and stick to you. Wes can end up with this right. In addition to the mastery of its brand, the Red Eye has no sense of humor, because McAdams' replacement Cynthia is on the facade to keep the hotel in order. It was a relief that the Red Eye was not disappointing. Instead, you'll be able to see that McAdams still offers incredibly talented performance, Murphy looks slippery after a minute and Craven's classic traditional thriller. The flight that was late and would have been the beginning of Craven's Renaissance when it arrived right after Scream.
