I think I enjoy this example, but the format needs work. First, good attributes. I like how this exhibition brings us to the daily lives of addicts because the manufacturer has the ability to become an addict to show us how bad they have promised their lives. This is followed by intervention followed by a result. Interventions do not involve things, and sometimes the result (often due to time constraints between filming and incitement) is a negative result. This will make the positive results better. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like is camera quality. Given the fact that these operators have to squeeze everywhere and do not have the advantage of taking scenes, photography is surprisingly good and stable. It's actually better than scripts like "The Shield," where photography is so bad that it can cause nausea. <br /> <br /> It's bad now. Occasionally, an episode contains two completely different and interrelated cases that are mixed during mixing. You get to the story of one addict, you have suddenly been thrown into another story. Put this story in, maybe you're back to the first addict ... or are you? By now you have forgotten in which case the person on the screen belongs. This constant flip-flopping between addicts will distract interference during the scenes, as the exhibition interferes with two completely interrelated interventions! I heard about marketing B.S. the reason for this poor design: "The exhibition can become so intense that the transition to another addict will allow the viewer the time they watch." Oh please. It is clear that this has been done because they have two cases that are not large enough to show one hour so that they are mixed up. Blending them instead of giving every half hour block, as they should, will force the viewer to look at the whole thing (and ads) if they are interested in one case, but not the other. <br /> <br /> I found these "mixer" episodes so annoying that I would only say to my TiVo to register one of the addictive episodes, but then it was easier to just save them all.
