Ireland's first animated film is also one of the best animated films I've ever seen. This is the real warts and the whole story, unlike other Oscar candidates and other films from this year or any other year. Ireland is building a wall around its city to avoid the destruction of Vikings if they ever attack. His brother, Brendon, is a young mung who does the best, but is able to fulfill his uncle by doing things his time. When the legendary Illuminator Aidan arrives at the destroyed monastery, Brendon is heading towards him and his warm personality. Many of his uncle's daughter Aiden offers Brendon a lesson on how to enlighten. In order to help Aidan work on his big book, rescued from his destroyed monastery, Brendan goes to the forest to get material for ink. Outside the walls he meets Ashley, the spirit of the forest with whom he develops friendship. Unfortunately, Abbot finds that he went out of the wall and there is hell. But staying in the distance is the Vikings ... <br /> <br /> Forget what you think you are wrong about this movie. Even what I have explained does not make the film fair. It's a simple story with a lot more. This is a great film that tries to find the way in the world, the future demons, and find the beauty of the world outside the walls. (Because the film says the world is a dangerous place and won't stop being even in the walls). <br /> <br /> His film that treats his audience as adults and engages in life, including darkness. There is death and destruction, and joy and happiness. It's not covered with sugar. People die. Monsters are lurking. (it created some kids out) but in the end there is hope. Frankly, the darkness of this film is completely different from all the recent American films. Forget the "sadness" in the Pixar movie, it's a real thing and refreshing, and it shows how even Pixar is homogenized. See actually based on Celtic art period. This is a film that looks different from others. Here is another movie that takes the film frame and uses it in every possible way. The pictures are designed to fill as much space as possible. Often the film was manipulated with films to make it look like in the legendary Kellli book. Its amazingly beautiful and best described as the art of living. <br /> <br /> Director Tomm Moore has designed a film that is a masterpiece. I can't say more. Its a masterpiece. This is one of the best animated films I've ever gone through.
