THE CLOCK SYSTEM is an amazing first animated feature that dazzles your eyes and moves your heart. The limitations of the limited budget of the film and sometimes the limited animation are more than compensated by the story of Brendan's young heroic endeavor in visual poetry to become a headlight in the dark age. Historically, it was at the end of the 8th century, when Irish learning centers were run by the Vikings in general. The Vikings appear here as brute antagonists, which are equivalent to the eastern seas of the devastating Huns and Mongols in the east. The narrative of the film, which acts more as a parable, focuses on the Brendan conflict, which is trying to create beauty in his enlightenment during the darkness and with his stern uncle Abbot, who tries to protect the city of Kells and his nephew with the impending wall barrier against Norsemen. Abbot ignores the value of Brendan's art in his search for security. This is the outer conflict of the movie. Brendan's inner conflict is to find the hidden creative eye that allows him to finish the most complex painting of Kelli's book. This is the eye of dragon Ouroboros, who destroys those who are unsuitable for this search, so sure that the Vikings will kill without it (that's as much story as I publish!) <br /> <br /> What I really like about this movie is the imaginative understanding of some of the great works of art that live in the West 1200 years ago. The characters are stylized with flat abstract shapes defined by a line as in the original Kells book. (Especially noteworthy is that the monk is a Aidan pet cat, defined by a few lines, but purely --- and even magically metamorphic to the cat.) The emotions of Brendan and other animated characters that respect their abstract design economy are honored by the great director and the artistry of his animators. The decorative borders on the edge of the picture are changing to complement the dramatic effect of this scene, and this dark-time illumination features bring strange animated life to the CLOCK. Of course, historical dramas tell us more about our time than the times that these dramas are trying to portray. However, by adding archetypal elements to this story, KELLS SECRET OF THE SECRET writers and director from Ireland deliver a sensitive lifestyle far away, psychologically true, even though many scripts may be mistaken for pedantic historical facts. (The United Nations Illuminators Band, appearing as a criminals club in the secret of the artists "VEHICLE FUEL" is not historically probable, but they are all well-designed, individual characters that do a lot to convey this quantitatively universal appeal to the Irish story.) Animation is for me has always been the best tool to help us better understand the visual arts of different ages and cultures. The excellent artistic direction of this film is clearly derived from its historical visual source, but is also cleverly adapted to the demands of animated storytelling; if Dark Ages had animations, then KELLS SECRET OF KELLS, what it looks like! Finally, in this film, Brendan's hero is the artist's eternal endeavor to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without being preaching or even particularly Christian, this film confirms Jesus' dictation that "man does not live by bread alone.") In my opinion, the most inspired film about the creative process of visual artists is Andrei Tarkovsky's ANDREI RUBLE, a 15th-century great Russian painter. . The encryption of the clocks represents much the same mystery and joy of the artist's visual endeavor and creative process. Certainly it is not as deep as ANDREI RUBLEV, but heck --- its a comic! (And the one that likes both young and old.) I think this film is good for repeated viewing: with its stylish SECRET OF KELLS, its modest life confirms the way classic.
