The secret of watches is an independent, animated feature that gives us one of the sliding stories surrounding the Kellel book, a medieval manuscript with four gospels of the New Testament. I didn't know that this book actually exists, but knowing that now my interpretation and analysis is much easier. There are a couple of stories and ideas that emerge around how the book came, who wrote it and how it has survived for over 1000 years. This is one of them. <br /> <br /> We introduce the orphan Brendan, who lives in the Kaps Monastery in Israel with his uncle, Abbot Cellach (Brendan Gleeson). Abbot Cellach builds a monastery wall around the monastery to protect villagers and monks. Brendan doesn't like wall or other monks. They are more focused on reading and writing, something Abbot Cellach no longer has. He is afraid of "Northern Men", those who rob and leave cities and villages empty and burned to the ground. One day a passenger comes from the island of Iona near Scotland. It's brother Aidan, a very clever man who carries a special book with him that hasn't finished yet. Abbot Cellach gives him permission to stay and Brendan's mates with him. Aidan has special plans for Brendan. First he needs ink from the book, but he needs specific berries. The only way to get them is to do outside the walls and the forest, outside the Brendan border. Seeing he is Aidan's only chance to continue his work, he decides to go back to theft and return the berries before his uncle notices his absence. forest. He promises Brendan's passage to the berries, and along the way he resembles his company. He warns him of the imminent threat of darkness and not of foil. There are things worse than the Vikings there. From there, Brendan accumulates more challenges with the book and the threat of intimidating invasion. <br /> <br /> I like this story much more now when I know what it is. Now knowing what the Kells book is and what it contains, animation is reasonable. I am sure you have seen pictures or copies of old texts hundreds of years ago, with infinite boundaries, colorful pictures and extravagant patterns, creatures and pages decorating. Like Disney's The Sword with the opening frame in the rock. Here is an animation of many similar shapes and patterns. This creates a very unique viewing experience where the story and animation try to overcome each other. <br /> <br /> I couldn't take my eyes off an amazing detail. This is one of the best 2D animations I've seen for years. It's lively, stimulating and full of life. The characters are constantly surrounded by designs, doodles and trees, trees, walls and air that just float. It improves the film. <br /> <br /> The story is satisfactory, though I think the end could have been a little more drawn. With only 75 minutes of working time, I think there might have been something special in the final act. It does not provide much information or refers to the importance of the book. We are reminded of its importance, but never fully understood. We are told that it gives hope, but never, why or how. It was really the only missing part of the movie. Otherwise, I thought this story was interesting, even though it was completely beyond animation. <br /> <br /> I think this is to some extent fine. Animation can wear a movie until it is lost. The story does not contain some parts, but it is an interesting story about fascinating history. I would like to briefly look at the Kells book to get an idea of ​​what I and this film are about. I think this will help you much more in your viewing experience. This is a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that should definitely not be missed.
