There is a temporal theory that shows that all the moments that once existed and exist exist today. It's a bit too much to turn your head around, but maybe a little more comfortable for those who want them to go back to a simpler time and place. For Barbara Jean Trenton (East Lupino), this time was twenty-five years earlier, in the mid-1930s, when her youth and glamor were the greatest. For my part, if I could take the time, it would be back in the 1950s when I grew up. Maybe in a place like Willoughby, but that's another episode. <br /> <br /> One thing that wouldn't be so special in 1959 would be to deal with all this frustrating machine to look at the "The Twilight Zone" episode. . How many rolls do you think the entire series is cataloged, and then find the specific story you want to watch? I think you need to consider trade benefits, comfort and ease, keep it right, or take the time to bring this story exactly where the story begins. The CD has its advantages. <br /> <br /> I'm a little surprised that Rod Serling writes a story that is so close to "Sunset Boulevard". The figure of East Lupino's character mirror represented Norma Desmond a little too tightly to be considered the original concept. Martin Balsam depicts a very similar character to Erich von Stroheim, the spouse turning to Mr., who is indisputable loyalty. If the story is different, it is related to the challenge of Danny (Balsam) and Sed (Cedia) challenging Barbara Jean to get to reality and clean up her paralyzing horse websites. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for our viewers, East Lupine had no doubts that they did not take parts that were "not big, but a nice showcase". It's a real affection to watch any "The Twilight Zone" episode and see who's jumping over the days. Sometimes you get two-fer, as you have here with Lupino and Balsam, celebrities who sometimes started their series, and sometimes afterwards. It is not surprising, together with the hopes that the program produces, that they are so successful in attracting so far.
