Chris Rock stars in this Warren Beatty sky transformation can be expected (a remake of the 1941 film "Here comes Mr Jordan"), a comedy about a person who dies before his time before he can realize his dreams and his adventures new (though temporary) ). In the Beatty version, the protagonist at that time was the back of a backup of Los Angeles rams. In the rock hippie version, our leading figure is struggling with the young - and decisively low talent - standup comedian. <br /> <br /> It is very funny to see that the razor sharp plays a bad comedian. It's like seeing Tom Hanks playing a bad actor. Lance Barton's dream is to play the legendary Apollo Theater for a non-amateur. But every time he tries his material, he has stunningly staged - so much that his nickname becomes "Booie". His jokes are flat, his delivery is painful. Lance is all there is no real Chris Rock. <br /> <br /> Lance is also a bicycle messenger and he rides the streets to try out even more material than BAM! He hits the truck. Okay, so maybe he could take a tenth of his body a little early in the second incompetent angel (Eugene Levy), but hey, he started to hit. No dice, it seems that Lance is not in heaven until 2044. So what to do? Heavenly "Head" Mr. King (Chazz Palminter) agrees reluctantly to find a new body for non-deceased Mr. Barton. The problem is that the body they find is a greedy, old white man. It turns out that this Mr (Mr Wellington) has all kinds of things - he is the 15th richest man in the country! Good luck! You can imagine how Lance turns things around. But, of course, while in the body of a rich Mr Wellington, Lance falls on a beautiful hospital worker (Regina King). We men know how hard it is to find a mother who has got her body, but try to win one if you're a bad, old white man! And it is even worse if your money is not impressed by it. <br /> <br /> This is Rock's first hit in the lead and I think he's doing great. There's still a lot of standup comedian - and of course, if he wants to get a variety of roles, he may have completed a standup routine inclusion script - but it's not really bad. Rock's personality - his ride, delivery, behavior, and passion - is what heats the film. He is obviously fun in this role and it seems he is sure you have fun watching him.
