Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedet, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Dewames, Timm Hill, Read Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Scenario Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, the lover of darkness, was an 80-year-old TV icon that was on his late night cable. He hosted and introduced classic American horror films, many of which were matured, while offering his smiles and humorous remarks. By this time, Cassandra Peterson will have this success. In 1988 his first film appeared. Playing himself, he's stuck in a monster movie, but misses his own show in Las Vegas and makes big money. Her representative Manny proves disappointment. It won't be long before he inherits a deceased relative, a pet dog, and a recipe book. He must claim his inheritance in a small town in Nevada - he was on his way to Vegas and was lost - and soon things will be hidden in a calming community. Expressed by a conservative city council woman, Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg) soon sees her as a threat to the dignity and values ​​of a small town. His vigorous figure and the winning personality will soon draw the youth of the city. He falls in front of Bob Redding's (Daniel Greene) city masters / carpenters, but before he can get any real relationship, he finds himself in deep trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), a terrifying older man who has also inherited the luck of Elvira's relative, is actually an old-fashioned wizard with his personal brother Elvira and Elvira. He is aware that the so-called "recipe book" is actually a powerful magic book that he wants to demand for himself. He plans to lower Elvira when the city burns him with a bet. How's Elvira going out of it? The film was not really successful at the ticket office, pulling the crowd mostly for young people who met Elvira on the cable. It must be said that this is a funny and good-looking film. The script is a chalk full of all kinds of jokes, some bad, some good, lots of sexual furnishings, visual jokes and general campines, that is, the fun last scene where Elvira has finally become her stripper in Vegan. This film is a classic of culture, catering to fans of Elvira. You couldn't enjoy this movie. It is also a look at the "pop" culture of the 80s. Elvira was the icon of the 80s, such as Alf, Vicky Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
