Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has grown in the early 1970s at the beginning of her career and far beyond the 80s, and has grown into a modest icon and true cult figure in the world of horror and bad monster movies. Although Peterson has taken various supportive roles in films that cover different genres, her most famous fame was her TV character Elvira. Part of his charm? and respect for fans? lies in the fact that he never returned to his horror music, which made him famous (unlike many other great actors and actors who want to deviate from their "early" works). I've only seen my TV shows, but the role of his companions in Ghoultown's recent respectful song "Mistress of the Dark" encouraged me to look more at my things. One thing long before this music had been clear to me was that Elvira had become a lever by the middle of the years. <br /> <br /> And in 1988, after films such as "Fear of Terror" and "TerrorVision", their TV work was accompanied by respect and deception, and finally, "Elvira, the lover of darkness", the film. Now I had seen this trailer already on the VHS rental days, but it took me last week to finally see the real movie. A few years ago, I managed to watch "Elvira Haunted Hills" (made in 2001), but for some reason I couldn't impress that much. Was it really so forgotten if I had to look at it yet? I really feel like I'm seeing it now, because this first El88 movie from '88 really convinced me. Although it may be partly responsible for making this film, Sam Egan and John Paragon, with their contribution to the script, may have no chance of banning it: Cassandra Peterson has a great comedy feeling (he also wrote the script) <br /> > When Elvira learns that she is one of the great aunt recipients (she has never heard of before), she takes this long time to start her show in Las Vegas. Off to claim his fairly inherited money, he drives to a quiet city in New England. But Falwell's good urban people are in the cafe. Less than ever he succeeds in shocking and offending all the remarkable inhabitants of a conservative small town with his (often inadvertently) provocative behavior. To make things worse, his legacy is not what he expected: a careless mansion, a cookbook, and a bottle. But what he does not know, and his evil uncle Vincent Albot does, is that his great aunt was a witch and the cookbook contains recipes designed to portray the most hell of dark powers. And if you haven't turned off the movie yet, when Elvira has cooked your first cup from the recipe book, you can be sure you want to sit down with a smile on your face. > <br /> It is surprising how a script that is put together with jokes, witty lump liners, movie references, jokes, and bade flavors can succeed. Simple, of course, but coherent. Other films that rely heavily on gag-like situations often make the story completely loose (like "Naked Gun" movies), it's not a movie. Many horror comedies were produced in the 1980s, but many of them did not work. Not to mention the horror that at some point would not run ("Killer Party", although I am grateful that I got completely bonkers at the finish) or too fast annoying ("Saturday 14"). Although "Elvira" is more comedy than horror, it does not lose what it does, and builds consistently towards a grotesque finale, plus a supernatural showdown between Falwell's newborn witch Elvira and the evil uncle wizard Talbot. including the true divine-witch hunt and Elvira's own torment. <br /> <br /> I tell you that there is no force in hell that could change this movie. One of the first giggles was already in the opening credit when the name of Daniel Greene appeared. Daniel who? Oh yes, I knew his name (and later his twilight face). How Daniel Green can not be forgotten if you have seen "Atomic Cyborg or Fists of Steel"! But if you haven't seen "Atomic Cyborg" then I'm sorry, but you can't laugh at your face. And by the way, I would never have imagined that Elvira would look cool when he deliberately drove away from the petrol station. Even Robert Rodriguez couldn't see the picture better.
