"Why did they make them so big? Why didn't they just give money to the poor?" The question about the cathedrals asked student Harvey to attend the Salisbury Cathedral during school trip. "That's a good question," he replied. "Partially inspire them - to look for awe." I am not sure that cathedrals have this effect on everyone, but this film certainly influenced me. It was fantastic! <br /> <br /> It didn't work that way. For some time, it seemed to be little more than - well - schooling for Salisbury Cathedral. If you've ever been out of high school somewhere, it is basically it. You have a group of largely uninterested children who are happy when you are out of school one day, the bus driver they feel crazy, and some teachers are desperately trying to keep it under control. There I had done that, got my t-shirt my initial reaction. I thought it was a typical story of a teacher who could inspire students who were not interested in a group. YAWN! But it turns out it's so much! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr Harvey - sombre, an uncomfortable teacher who had a strange charm to cathedrals. During the film, his story appears slowly and becomes the focus of the story. We also introduce some students in difficulty - especially Helen, who has also played a great role in Nathalie Press, who has distorted herself. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious film, but contains some powerful thoughts on religious issues. When Harvey's colleague Jonathon (playing Ben Miles) says, "I don't care what anyone believes if they don't try to force it to someone else," Harvey says, "it's not tolerance - it's indifference!" - What is actually (in my opinion) what often goes for religious tolerance in our society. There are reconciliation scenes between the different characters and the last scene in the movie was great. When Harvey gets back on the bus, the director Susanna White is moving the camera slowly upwards, so the last shot is just in the sky - back to Harvey's comment that the cathedral's goal is to get people to look for awe. The cathedral fulfills its purpose. We look honestly into the universe, looking for more than we do, but we decide to define it. This is a very powerful and very inspiring film. 9/10
