Match 1: Tag Team Table Match Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started with Tag Team Table Match with Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the game, both opponents must win the table. Benoit and Guerrero warmed up early when the first Spike and then Bubba Ray changed. The German suplex from Benoit Bubba took the wind out of Dudley's brother. Spike tried to help his brother, but the judge held him when Benoit and Guerrero were behind his corner. When Benoit went to Bubba, Guerrero put out a table. Spike collapsed and got out of the top rope over Guerrero! After Spike's recovery and care, Guerrero slid around the table and helped Wolverine set it up. Then the tandem created a double superplex from the middle that would have put Bubba on the table, but Spike knocked the table right before his brother fell down! Guerrero and Benoit supported the other table in the corner and tried to do it, but Bubba crashed and blocked his brother. Bubba shot and raised both opponents back to body drops! Bubba slammed Guerrero and Spike got out of Wolverine's top rope. Bubba kept Benoit on the bay to get Spike Warsup up! headbutt! Soon after, Benoit pulled Spike on the cross, but the game continued after Spike pulled out. Bubba came to save her brother and managed to spread Benoit on the table. Bubba jumped from the middle but Benoit moved and dropped Bubba through the wood! But since his opponents didn't force him at the table, Bubbal was allowed to stay in the game. The first man was soon eliminated after Spike put Eddie Dudley Dawg outside the field! Benoit put Spike through the table for a few moments later. Bubba laughed at Bubba for a few seconds, which put Benoit on the table and won Dudleys! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Match 2: Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble vs Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble, who brought Nidia with him to the Cruiserweight Championship. Noble and Kidman locked around and dropped around, but ran back and began to do more. When Kidman repelled all of Noble's moves, Noble fled outside where Nidia encouraged her. The struggle spread outside and Noble threw his girlfriend into the challenger. Kidman threw himself at Nidia's side, but took it back with a shank. Noble attacked Kidman in an injured hand. Kidman's injured injury prevented his offense, but he continued tough battles. Noble tried to get away with Kidman's power bomb, but the challenger was the opposite. Kidman went to finish with the Shooting Star Press, but Noble stopped the test. Kidman went to the Shooting Star Press again, but this time Noble was hurt. Noble turned Kidman's bomb bomb soon and got a pin to maintain his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs Jeff Hardy William Regal took the European Championship back to Jeff Hardy. Jeff shot the Regal's top rope and took him down with a descent. Back around, Jeff hit Whisper's wind to knock the Regal for a loop. Jeff went to the Swanton bomb, but Regal was kneeling to hit Jeff with a devastating shot. With a surprise, Jeff managed to get a surprise surprise and got it for the championship! Regal began to see when Hardy marked his way down the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs John Cena Chris Jericho had promised to finish John Cena's career at Vengeance, which came on. Jericho tried to teach the Price lesson when their game started, adding him to the mat. Jericho continued to Price around the circle until his hair became better. On top of the rope Jericho started to play the boat and allowed Price to get him a superplex! The price followed the tilt-a-whirl slam, but it was taken away with disgust. Rookie restored and hit the stomach abdominal suplex, but was unable to remove Y2J. Jericho launched Lionsault, but Price continued to move. Jericho reached the bulldog and then joined the Lion Saul, but did not go to cover. He went to the feet of Price to put the walls of Jericho on. Price also had other ideas for moving the scooter and 1-2-3! Jericho went after the game. Winner: John Price <br /> <br /> 5th Place: Continental Championship RVD vs. Brock Lesnar Disqualification Next Big Thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View got to the Continental Championship. Brock grabbed the title from ref and draped it on his shoulder for a moment when he stood out for RVD. Van Dam's speed gave Brock an early fit. The big man rolled out of the circle and threw the steel in steps. Brock pulled himself up and took responsibility. When Paul Heyman radiated, Brock defeated the RVD on a hard floor outside the circle. From there, Brock began to fight with RVD, throwing him on top of the rope. RVD landed painfully behind his back, then he had to suffer when his back was against the steps of the steel ring. The fight turned back when Brock pushed the RVD around the ribs. The RVD broke and soon after that brocked the temple of Brock. RVD followed Rolling Thunder, but Brock managed to beat it after doubling. The fight seemed to be coming soon when RVD went to the five-star Frog Splash. However, Brock raised Van Dam to shoulder and went to F-5, but RVD whirled to Brock DDT and followed Frog Splash! He went pin, but Heyman pulled around! The delay immediately required disqualification and soon he was dealt with Heyman! After that RVD jumped from the top rope to Brock and then threatened to defeat Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed the RVD foot and Brock took the masters, and this time the F-5 joined the steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T vs Big Show Booker T saw the Big Show once. Show Booker T at the farm and hit the Booker corner. After Booker was thrown out of the ring, he picked up the ring on the chair, but Big Show put it back on Booker's face. Booker tried to get back the game by stifling the show with the camera cable around the circles. Booker shattered the television screen from the Spanish audience's position on the skull, then scissors that put both men behind the table! Booker climbed back and Big Show later. The show grabbed Booker's throat, but faced a small blow and face. Booker climbed the top rope and punched a pin to get a pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> A Message: Triple H entered the thunderstorms because the fans hoped to learn where the game was going to compete. Before he spoke, Eric Bishoff graduated from The Game to apologize for his personal business. When Triple H was signed with RAW, Bischoff promised to play his personal life again. Bischoff said he had spent the last two years in Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for the next break at WWE Superstar, and they all talked about Triple. Bischoff ensured that when Triple H signed with RAW, he would get his chance. Stephanie McMahon stepped out of her pitch. He said that due to his triple H personal history, the two are very familiar with each other. He said two of them were never stagnant and they might be over again. Bischoff cut him off and asked him to stop. Stephanie quoted that Triple H once said Bischoff said Triple H had no talent and charisma. Bischoff said he was young at that time and didn't know what he had, but he still has a lot of experience with Stephanie. The two continued back and forth until Triple H stepped up with his microphone. The game said it would be easy to say "screw you" to one of them. Triple H shook Bischoff's hand but pulled it away. He said he was going with the devil he knew, not what he didn't know. Before he could go on, Shawn Michaels came to shake things up. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was cause problems. He did not want to participate, but he recalled the promise to bring Triple H to nWo. HBK said there is no one in the world that Triple H is better friends. HBK told his friend that they would see them again, making Bischoff's life a living hell. Triple H said it was an attractive offer. Then HBK turned and hugged, making the official transition to RAW! Triple H and HBK left and Bischoff bounced on his victory. Bischoff said the difference between the two is that he has testicles and he is not. Stephanie struck Bischoff's head to the left and to the left! <br /> <br /> 7: Tag Team Championship Match Christian and Lance Storm vs Hollywood Hogan and Edge The game started with a loud "US" song and Hogan beating Christian out of the rope and out of the ring. The Canadians took over. But Edge hit Christian and planted a face on Storm to get a bridge for Hogan. Hogan started picking up Hull and soon hit a Christian with a big foot and feet! Storm broke the census and Christian threw the Hogan circle where Storm superkicked the icon. Edge noted shortly thereafter and both opponents fell. He jumped both in the corner but missed Strom and hit hard instead. Edge laughed at DDT, but the ref was down and couldn't read it. The test ran down and took Hogan, then leveled Edge with the start. Storm tried to get a piece, but Edge scored after two. Rixi created to interrupt the experiment, allowing Edge to recover and the laptop. But Christian drew attention, and Y2J interrupted and back with Edge Tag Team Championship! Storm rolled and won the title! Winners and New Tag Team Masters: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE's undisputed triumph of championships. Rock vs. Kurt Angle and WWE of the three most successful superstars consist of three three threat combinations consisting of each other. Taker and Rock got face to face with Kurt Angle, asking for some attention. He received attention in the form of beating two other men. Soon Taker went out of the ring and Rock created a corner. The corner gave a series of suplexes that took Rock off, but the Big One replied to DDT, which was able to double count. The struggle ran outside when Taker lived and the corner of the dressing corner and repeatedly created The Rock. Taker and Rock got back to that circle and Taker fell on The Rock's sidewalk to get a double count. Rock recovered, grabbed Taker's throat and shut him up! The corner cut off the pin test, which would probably have given Rock a title. Rock attacked Kurt Angle with an ankle lock. The corner turned the movement and the champion of the Rock Bottomed nation. Shortly thereafter, Rock sold Angle and hit the elbow of the people. Angle tried to use it when he left the Big One outside and covered Taker, who kicked out after two counts. Outside the circle, Rock took it to a water bottle near the ski marker and shook the liquid into the blind. Taker was not forbidden for a long time and managed to cross the Rock and pay attention to Angle. Taker grounded the corner of the guillotine leg placed on the ring apron. Rock chose himself in time to break Kurt Angle. Taker laughed at Rock with DDT and put it on the chokeslam. ANgle tried to hit the steel with a chair, but Taker tried to catch this mourning field and hit it down. The judge was struck by the subsequent fire and did not see the corners knocking against Taker's smooth steel chair. Angle went to cover Taker when Rock was prone, but the dead man got his shoulder up. Angle tried to shut Rock, but he kicked out. Kalju got up and landed in a sharp blow in the corner! The corner looked like it touched, but Taker missed The Rock. Taker picked up Rock and fell into the latter. The dead man covered him for the victory, but the corner ran in and chose Takeri's ankle lock! Taker hurt painfully, but managed to cope with it. He chose an angle for the last race, but the angle set the triangular choke! It seemed that Taker was about to leave, but Rock broke Angle's attitude to find himself in the ankle lock. Rock grabbed his hand and looked at Taker at an angle. Rocky hit Rock Bottom, but Taker refused to go down and out. In the corner, Taker cornered Slamis, but was Rock Bottomed by Great One and fastened! Winner and new WWE champion: Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally there is a decent PPV! Recently, PPV was not very good, but it was a winner. I'll give it PPV a- <br /> <br />
