Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost. Feelings of pain, sorrow and sadness can be intolerable. Sometimes these are the memories that leave the saddest emotions. This theme is perfectly depicted in a short film "Tulip" led by Australian award-winning actor Rachel Griffths. In the film "as many memories as love", this triumphant 15-minute film is described sensitively and sentimentally. <br /> <br /> 'Tulip' is a beautifully processed, touching, and warm-hearted story of a man's journey that involves the loss of a spouse through a relationship that he shares with a very special Tulip animal. The film opens with a rising dawn, stretching birds, and a great landscape, introducing the feeling of rustic harmony in the film. Soft music plays, noting the entrance of Ruth (Jean Bain). She wears a flower bed and a field with a sunburn. She pets with a tulip, gently hugging her ears and behind her. The interior of the house is impressive and attention to detail is trustworthy (the benches have a vase of tulips) that reflects a peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth because he strikes milk from the bucket. They pour milk and coffee, which is a sign of friendship and teamwork. No words are said, but it is clear that their relationship is close and affectionate; they paint a perfect picture of happiness. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, happiness is not forever. The tragic passing of the rout will affect Will deeply. An effective lost car scene highlights Will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral. Soon he will be depressed and become unforgettable in his environment if everything seems hopeless and lost. At the moment of Will's despair, Tulip becomes a symbol of Ruth, a true connection with Will with his late husband. It learns through the tulip that Will learns to cope with the absence of Ruth and overcome the heartfelt feelings of loneliness. <br /> <br /> Each character is realistically and firmly depicted, especially the Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings the character of life through personal investment. The recent loss of his wife (Audrey Tingwell) is actually reflected in her actions. Each of its shoulders and each eyebrow blade closure makes the viewer strong. Ruth's character is done perfectly by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say any words in the film, his sweet personality and loving relationship with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards give a cheerful performance to the friendly roles of Margaret and Mary. They also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story. <br /> <br /> An anecdote from Griffth's childhood, the story of disappearance and discovery, has been caught by Tulip. A beautifully photographed and well-acted film will certainly make it blurry, triumph or feel like drinking a cup of milk.
