Most of the successful comic book films usually depend on having a higher cost of living, ready to jump on the screen and jump alive with a smile or dementia line or two dialogues. Tim Burton had Batman like it was (even in a grotesque way) Sin City. Dick Tracy producer / director / star of Warren Beatty piles of roses until it becomes part of the framework. Like the images of the 1930s gangster - only for the children, not just for the darker Bonnie and Clyde-Dick Tracy, they are filled with archetypes and bright basic colors, where criminals carry tommy weapons and have their face formed to shape their personalities. Prisoners like Stooge, shoulders, lips, brow, mumbles, empty, pruneface, spud. Chester Gould gave his names the names suitable for his profiles and gave his hero a jaw that could cut the glass. The film is a continuation of sightings that have been taken seriously. <br /> <br /> If at this time films such as Batman and (underestimated) turtle mutants were darker images of reality in the comic book, Dick Tracy is more of an "old school". This is the story of police and rogue or rather A police detective Tracy when he tries Big Boy (Al Pacino, who is his greatest performance to date, and in some ways makes sense for his grand style), but without it. There's also a little boy, just called a child (Charlie Korsmo, who somehow brings more fun to this little child than one would imagine) and Tracy's interest in Tess. And then there is a nightclub "dame" (Madonna, who probably doesn't give a big actor, but maybe suits this role, and she sings great when called) who can't admit if Tracy doesn't know what she's feels he doesn't have him. Then there are complicated relationships with taking Tracy and a mysterious masked figure with a tough voice. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, as you would make Howard Hawks' film for visual effects and major explosions, Dick Tracy adds pancakes alongside eye-and-nose comedy and action like syrup. It is a miracle to look at the world that has been created in a way that is pleasing to them, that if they were made today, it would simply be a power of attorney (i.e. Sin City, which can justifiably be compared to the Beatty film). We drove through this world in large frames and then pushed the plot line or whatever there was, with large editing assemblies with camera corners that stand out from the small slanting panels in the old comics. During these sequences, I am reminded of a cotton club, such as a story, music, detail, and some BIG shocks and weapon shots go a long way to reveal what needs to be said, which is actually no more than it has to be. And there is a bunch of memorable dialogs in the script (one of my favorites: "my enemy's enemy is ... my enemy", plus all Pacino references to other numbers in quotation marks). <br /> <br Dick Tracy is after being first seen in the movie (and only remembering the small bits), it is a heavily cooked fantasy. It's full of joy for kids, and some pretty good activities are squared without the panic and tireless feeling of some of the comic books in some relatives (eg PG-13 fares) and some adults retrospective centers. Even Dustin Hoffman grabs it up and he barely speaks the word!
