Opening credits provide an excellent, entertaining entertainment experience that is full of little comics. All the good guys are good, all the bad guys are bad and the film is familiar to the characters of the familiar character, surrounded by gruesom make-up to make their qualities gigantic. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, Dick Tracy is the ultimate harsh man who is an insulting, calm, always better fighter than another man, and is rarely a limitation of legality. Al Pacino, like the "Big Boy" Caprice, steals every scene he has in some unnamed metropolis of the 1930s gangsters. Maddonna plays the kind of person she probably plays best, with Breathless Mahoney, a nightclub singer and femme fatale with her little agenda. Gleanne Headly is Tracy's highly talented, fiercely independent long-term girl. And then Kid, a funny little street that takes Tracy, who shapes himself after his replacement group and saves Tracy when the detective has taken his blow out. <br /> <br /> Supporting players are Who are the characters of the character. Charles Durning is a police commander. Dick Van Dyke is a District Prosecutor who has bribed Big Boy's goons to keep him on the streets. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous move, like Mumbles, who is such a fracture whose dialect is so inexplicable that the police can't say their head. R.G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the rival gangsters Big Boy makes a special loyalty to create a network of crime spreading throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, a piano player for the Breathless exhibition. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, a former Breathless benefactor, until Big Boy gives him "Bath". James Caan carries relatively little make-up in his performance as the only gangster who doesn't go with Big Boy's big plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are Big Boy Enforcers, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> <br /> This movie retains all the comics, and is full of vibrant color. Almost all suits are in blue and green with yellow and red. All the rainbow colors are in this movie - and then some! The Matte paintings that are used will really make this world two-dimensional, acting only in three-dimensional sets. Humor is abundant. Al Pacino fills his character's shoes like any other character he played before or after. Big Boy is kind of crazy and kind of damage. He is an eccentric little man proud of quoting our founding fathers and comparing himself with great political leaders. A man with a plan always looks for a smarter way to do business.
