Some time at the end of the 19th century, somewhere in the western part of America, there are a number of money struggles that need money to consecrate the buffalo hunting. The leader of the group believes that buffaloes are too much, that hunting would have any effect, but more experienced hunters have seen how quickly the population can collapse and not so sure. By showing the buffalo herds and the actual hunting of the buffaloes living in South Dakota (the film is explained as thinning of the herd), the film gives an excellent job of presenting the difficult situation of the buffalo and its impact on the Indians without ever having a real story about the uncertain family created for hunting. formed a small group. Father's figure is Charlie, a violent short-fenced man. Sandy, his "brother", is an experienced hunter who is tired of killing but needs a job after losing a herd. The half-Indian boy, who hates that he looks completely Caucasian, takes on the role of his son. Grandfather (and moral compass) is an alcoholic buffalo; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian woman whose companions killed after horses. <br /> <br /> Charlie is clearly the most interesting line. She's average and offensive to everyone around her, but at the same time she knows they're the only family and friends she has. He hopes that abducted Indian women hate him, then accept him, but he doesn't know how to react when he refuses. He is the one who put the family first, but he is the one who has ultimately destroyed it. <br /> <br /> It's all very similar to the classic "Red River", which also includes a family with an increasingly violent and alienated father. As can be expected, this film will suffer in comparison. The purpose of the plot is not to develop characters and family dynamics, and the direction cannot keep all scenes for this common goal. Charlie is so unlikely from the beginning that we never have any reason to worry about what happens to him or his family. On the positive side, the buffalo killing message adds another dimension to the film, and its conclusion is much better than the end of Hollywood at the end of "Red River". As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and fun movie that is very well done, but does not match what would be considered a classic.
