I recently looked at the Spirit and enjoyed it very much, I saw it about 4 times in HBO and I buy a DVD. People who gave negative comments would probably think that "Vanishing Point" was just another car chase, and Thelma & Louise was just another chick. Although the conclusions of these films are darker, I feel that the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone who wants to take it away from you. Another common feature of these films is the caring, thoughtful "guardian angel" who helps the main characters overcome the misfortune. <br /> <br /> Another review here mentions how this film is related to the subject of civilization that invades someone else's Home. All you have to do is look around the open areas around us to see it. . The emotions of the Spirit were very clear when the story progressed (yes, I know they humanize the horses a bit, but this is a fiction). In some phases of operation you feel in the flow of the abyss and the heat of the forest fire. In other quieter scenes (most of the time), you are allowed to enjoy the backgrounds. One of the greatest things the story really does is not to mention the route of the singing animal. It would take the story away. Instead, the story of the story speaks of random narration by the main character, plus a fantastic soundtrack. Another plus is that they were not afraid to give the story a little from the dark side (which really made this movie to follow me). However, this is not common in the whole film, and the conclusion is appropriate and resurrected without being happy. <br /> <br /> Those who appreciate horses like this movie, but I think it's a bit more than a horse Movie. I don't feel like this is a good movie to take children when they have grown up in today's price. But if they are a thoughtful variety that can solve convincing stories like Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, they will probably love this movie. Hell, I'm 35 years old and STILL love this stuff.
