In the 80's, one of the most solid gangster films, Scarface, is its time film. The first thing you notice when you watch this movie is that he screams you, "made in 1983". Costumes, music scores and soundtracks, hairstyles do not make that mistake, this is a film that speaks of crime in the 80s and, although it should have been terrible. It's still a great movie. Although Georgio Moroder's music has been quite a bit, it still congratulates Tony Montana's story thanks to the excellent Oliver Stone scenario and Brian De Palma's first class, one of the two films he has made with Pacino (the other is the great Carlito tea). All the brands of De Palma are here; strong language, graphic violence (more about it later), stylish exaggerations like grandiose sets and of course a stylish camera. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the movie and I mean it literally. He is the dominant star in this movie. His production is up, this is one of the films Pacino doesn't talk as much as he screams at them, this time with an excellent Cuban accent. But this is Pacino and he does it fantastically. Only he could go as far from the top and away from the movie as he was acting in a holistic way. While some may complain about their line scream and all its surplus, this is an excess film. Take a look at Tony's product development, see the violence in this movie. The snowmobile incident is even brutal and it has blood everywhere. The end result is bodies that fall at a speed similar to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in Rambo films. See the coke shown in the movie, so Pacino's performance I think is ideal for the movie. It is supported by actors who look more like their line in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, especially when Manny, Tny's best friend, is out of the support post. His production is both controlled and quiet by De Niro, as it is a wonder how he ended up with soft porn. Of course, Michelle Pfeiffer adds a glamor, Robert Loggia adds difficulty as usual, and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a great debut with Tony's sister. <br /> <br /> This is, of course, more than just a movie. There's more than drugs, violence, chainsaw attacks and a big excerpt. This is a film on the darker side of the American dream. In many ways, it puts thematic parallels with The Godfather movies. Tony finds himself coming to America, getting it all, living an American dream and losing it all violently and saying he's losing everything, I mean he's losing everything. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his empire crumbles, literally around him and from above he kills his own mansion, screaming through him. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, Scarface is one of the early films of the 80s. Of course, it does not have the nuances of the godfather movies, but it is still a subtle film and what is worth going over and over again.
