I was privileged to watch Scarface's big screen, its beautifully restored 35mm print, in honor of the 20th anniversary of the films. It was nice to see it on the big screen because so much on television and the overall size of this project cannot be emphasized enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is a remake of classic rags to riches, a profoundly hell story featuring Al Pacino as Cuban drug lord Tony Montana. In this version, Tony arrives in America during a wave of Cuban boat immigration in the late 1970s, early 1980s. Tony and his cohorts quickly get green cards, pulling down the Tent City political figure and after a short stay in a Cuban restaurant; Tony is launching his terrible way towards complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this movie that are played in such a qualified way that is so pleasant to watch, I've forgotten about this movie for the past 20 years. Robert Loggia as Tony Patron, Frank Lopez is great. His character is faulty because he is too trustworthy and, as Tony quickly expects, soft. Lopez's Right Hand, Omar Suarez is depicted by one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.) Suarez is the ultimate dirty and doing something for Frank; it's like he doesn't own. Tony sees it quickly and is constantly fighting with Suarez, but really sees him as a small problem to get his way to the top. The person who always comes back to me is that he is playing so perfectly, Mel Bernstein, a harshly corrupt Miami drug detective played by Harris Yulin (training day). He plays from Frank to Frank until he catches up with him, which marks the exit of both Frank and Mel. It is invaluable to hear that Frank asked Mel to intervene when Tony kills her only to hear Mel's answer: "It's Frank's your tree, you're sitting in it." It comes from a man who had paid Frank for protection! <br /> <br /> Tony's rise is meteoric and is only fast and fast in speed and intensity. After attacking Frank and taking his wife and business, Tony takes over the greed and never seems enough. As Tony grows into drugs, greed and inability to trust, he finally kills his best friend and his sister, who was in love and married. All this creates an end when Tony's compound was angered by the army from its supplier, who feels betrayed because Tony was not ordered by political murder. It all forms a compassionate moment when Tony refused to participate in a murder involving the victim's wife and children. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is a great image of the 1980s with excessive and cocaine culture. DePalma is doing a good job of keeping it all in one of the fastest three-hour movies. Violence is extremely graphic and includes some scenes that will remain for every audience forever, especially for the visually impaired chainsaw, two points for the blank frame, and the whole bloody close relative ending the movie. This is a highly recommended stylistically made film that is not meant to be nervous or for those who need optimal end and potential order; DePalma lets everyone fly here.
