In 1983, director Brian De Palma made a film about the rise and fall of the American gangster, and what he did - by Oliver Stone's excellent scenario and some remarkable lies. The result was "Scarface", which plays Al Pacino in one of his most memorable roles. The story begins in May 1980 when Castro opened a port in Mariel, Cuba, to allow Cuban citizens to join their families in the United States. 125,000 left Cuba at the time of the greener pastures of freedom in America, and most of them were honest, hardworking people, thanks to the opportunity given to them. But not all. Among the "Marielitos" who flown to Florida, there were about 25,000 criminal records, and they were nothing but cubes of Cuban prisons - criminals who were kept out of salvation, of whom Castro was just about to get rid. And they also saw America as a land of opportunity, even though Al Capone had been in Chicago fifty years earlier. And one of the most ambitious was the man named Tony Montana (Pacino), whom his associates know as Caracortadan. Scarface. Now that he was free from all the communism he had grown up with, Montana wanted to know what he knew about him, and he wanted it now; and from the moment he stepped out of Florida, he decided all this. Richness and Power - it was Montana's dream and she got it by doing what she did best, starting with a man living in Miami called Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). It seems that Lopez had a brother in Cuba who had met one Castro's ghosts prematurely; documents that would affect their transition to their new life. In short order, Montana sees that Lopez's brother is an aveng, and sets her entrance into the American underworld. <br /> <br /> Lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, will return to Montana and his friend Manny (Steven Bauer), who will be released from the camp and put them to work. In his days, Capone could win with his means of linking his coffers to illegal growth, but Lopez has a modern equivalent and is even more profitable: cocaine. Lopez takes Montana under his wing and indoctrines him into life, but if he has that taste, Montana is not pleased with which lawns Lopez sees fit to throw his way, and he sets a course that will take him to where he wants to be: ". With cold blood, with the will of iron, Montana decides she will do everything to get there, no matter what the price is. but before it is over, he understands the price of his dream and pays it; but for a few moments maybe he knows what to be a man. And he also knows if it was worth it. <br /> <br /> While De Palma's vision, Pacino plays a greater role than Montana and makes it beautiful. His acclaimed accent (which he thoroughly studied to make sure it was right - and he did), he got everything in body language and attitude, and it makes Montana convincing and very real. What he brings to his role is the nuance and style of the few actors (De Niro would be one). It is certainly not in any way sympathetic or anything about Montana that you could easily associate on a personal level; but the presence of Pacino's screen is so strong that it makes it a very attractive character, although it is hard for him to participate emotionally. It's just a dynamic, memorable performance. Michelle Pfeiffer also gives a solid result in the role that put her on the road. Like Elvira, a woman who becomes an integral part of Montana's dream, Pfeiffer is subtle and undervalued, giving this thought something that happens below, while still having a rather cold and distant look. He, like Pacino, definitely makes his presence sensitive when he slides across the screen with a stoic, mysterious and shameful behavior. <br /> <br /> Supported by Mary Elizabeth Mastranton (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana), F. Murray Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Bernstein). Since then, the last and highly acclaimed "Traffic" and "Blow" predecessors have been mentioned, as well as the obvious scene that resembles Peckinpah '' Wild Bunch '', De Palma 'Scarface', which was initially illuminated by critics. by many as a saga of the ultimate American gangsters. Much of the violence is graphical rather than indirect, but this film still has the reality that many may find it somewhat troublesome. But if you stay with it, it is finally a lesson. And like many life events, the most valuable ones are often the heaviest. But the reward is always worth it, and that's the movie. I appreciate it 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
