Many people like this movie and many others love it, but it seems that all of this is for the wrong reasons. Scarface should be pleasant and loved, but not as it has been or is. Al Pacino. If you say Pacino went up here, it would be underestimated. But he does it so well, he just brings you the inner fuck so well. His character, Tony Montana, was not such a great man, but his thirst for power brings his illness to another level of greed; inhuman level. Of course Pacino seems to be a bit comic and surreal, but it doesn't seem to me to be responsible at all. Supporting cast worked very well. Michelle Pfeiffer wasn't really her best, but she is definitely the one to play. On the other hand, Steven Bauer was the best, but he is Steven Bauer. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio was good and as Michelle Pfeiffer fits well. Robert Loggia I've always seen how I just saw him. Other than Pacino they were not really any standout or memorable performances. Everyone seemed to be doing these tasks. They did not fit perfectly, but were convincing enough. <br /> <br /> Brian De Palma did a great job of managing this movie. If the actor is able to play more of his or her life, credit should be given to the director and I will definitely give it to De Palma. Brian De Palma, though not a tribute, is a very diverse director at my expense. He knows how to direct movies by his genres, but sometimes it is not well established. Here it is all counts as a gangster movie, but few are much better than that because De Palma. When I saw credit at the end of the movie and saw Oliver Stone writing it, I wasn't the least surprised. It is, however, a testimony to him. I'm always like him as a great writer, and for me he proves it again with Scarface. No one knows how to write a surreal reality on film as Oliver Stone. <br /> <br /> Music was good, but not so great. This is definitely not my favorite Giorgio Moroder. The music was just over 80 for me, but it didn't bother me. Cinematic art was good, not amazing, but in reality, such a film is like it. <br /> <br /> This has probably been one of the most influential films in the last 25 years, but as mentioned earlier, it is for the wrong reasons. People should understand that Tony Montana's character is not a hero, he is a monster. He's still not inspiring. He is greedy, bloody, uneducated and self consumed. However, he is a model for many people because he is somehow insurgent, but probably most because he is a misleading gangster. Vigilante would be like Terea's mother, Scarface. <br /> <br /> The good thing about this movie is that it shows that Tony Montanas is not a real problem. If we or the authorities would like to cut down on such people, we could, but we will not. In a freaky twisted way, he is a necessity for our society. He is someone you could all blame, and fell better on himself. In this world, Tony Montana is the scapegoat of our society. It doesn't release her in any way. Instead, it is more a reminder that we should not apologize or allow ourselves to do bad things just because we measure or think we measure it better with a gangster or drug dealer. I love this movie because it's more than a corruption film, it's a movie that strangely makes you reflect.
