"The classic is something everyone wants to read, but nobody wants to read. The classic is something that everyone praises, but nobody has read." -Mark Twain <br /> <br /> "Classic" seems to be the word used to describe "Scarface", a film by Brian DePalma in 1983 about the richness, self-surrender, greed and danger of the Floridian drug circle. People and critics (and attorneys) keep this epic gangster class or gangster movie episode. If it is something other than. It is praised for the wrong reasons. Scarface is a fantastic film that deserves praise all over, but not all praise from today's audiences, and as a result, the public will lose such fine points as it does so. <br /> <br /> For the first time, the film is about a Cuban refugee, a past who wants to escape communism will succeed and find it. Easy? Yes, yes. But De Palma's leading gene layers and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know he wrote good here) plays it all. All characters are looking for escape because escape is a natural element that everybody cares about. Every character has something to offer, which makes them pleasing to anyone who appreciates this movie. They are intertwined with mysticism and money in the world, but everything everyone learns is price. Every character thinks they have better chances in life than in real dramatic irony they are actually getting worse. "Tragedy" would be a better word for describing this movie. All those who praise the film for its drug use, this is violence, it is a dialogue, completely unanswered. There is nothing very positive about the film besides the positive expectations of the characters. That's why the film works so well. The destruction of the film through the film gives the film a message, not to look cool or to attract the viewers. Brian De Palma does not make gangsters or brainstorming for fans of film films. <br /> <br /> Next, the film is an adult drama. It's not a "gangster movie". It has some activity, but action is very cautious, so it has a point. It's not like "foreigners" - an example of a big fool, and most viewers perceive this movie as big foolish gangsters about shooting drugs and people. It's ridiculous. Hogwash. If this movie is about it, it's how bad it is. Not promoting it. It is said that film is really a great movie. He has a great cinematic art that draws you into the story. It has a very dramatic result (a real Giorgio Moroder style) that can simply give you chills or bring you to tears. The film is quite long, but it is a story and every moment counts. Action is terrible. Al Pacino - enough said. He can do whatever role he thinks, and that was no exception. Pretty boy Steven Bauer, like Manny. I didn't think of him much about the other movies he did, but he does you like him when he goes to maestro De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real gem like Elvira. Grease 2's embarrassing concerts were refreshing, she was able to fly her ticket to meet the beauty that is more than eye-catching. But the three real diamonds in this harsh are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio's Tony's sister Gina, who smiles or shouts, sees her breath and fresh way of life and look to it deteriorate; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a stunter who runs deeper than the river, and Shenar depicts him so much; and Miriam Colom as Tony and Gina's torn mother. These three dig the film as deeply as possible. <br /> <br /> This reviewer learned "Scarface" for the first time looking at one of the main things. Always start with a movie that is unsuspecting. The whole hype and talk of this movie can't prepare you. Only knowing De Palma (like me) can even give you a glimpse of what this film has. So ignore the rap crap, ignore the meaningless supporters of violence, and fix the glass on Bailey's rocks and give yourself an emotional view of the big movie, the real Scarface.
