Those who have given such a production have probably seen such a low rating as marked by George Balanchine's play in which they live, or they allow their contempt for Macaulay Culkin's remark. The Atlanta Ballet has been successful since the 1960s and 1980s as the first ballet company to be allowed to perform this production after New York's ballet and I have lived it many times. I can assure readers that the film is a fairly accurate presentation of this production and that the use of a limited-dancing child as a title is not a cheap trick dreamed of presenting Culkin; it was Balanchine's idea to use the child in this role, just like her idea of ​​using a baby for Marie. "Difficult" dance is left to the adults story. <br /> <br /> This is a deliberately staged film; in a sense it is similar to Laurence Olivier 'Othello. Just as in this movie, the set of productions is expanded to the size of the soundtrack of the film, but no less artificially, and the ballet is directly photographed with discreet close-ups and without disturbing "music video" in the sharp cuts of the 1986 overwhelmed version of Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard. There are only two lies in this 1993 movie. One of them is the addition of disturbing and completely unnecessary sound effects (mouse courses, children whispering "Ma-gic!" To Drosselmeyer, etc.). These sound effects are not heard in any stage of the production of "Nutcracker" and are placed as a low-cost concession simply to reassure dissatisfied audiences who may not like the idea of ​​watching ballet on the film. <br /> <br Another wrong step is Macaulay Culkin's Nutcracker Make-up, which seems completely ridiculous. When he is on the screen as a nutcracker, not on a huge mask (as is always the case when Balanchine's production takes place on the stage), Culkin is actually a toy - he carries what looks like a bald cap. white wig, whiskey and beard. He has also tightened his face somewhat and the worst aspect of his make-up is that he is still feeling his face, amateurly modified like Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahri's make-up "The Wizard of Oz" perfectly as it is not). Comparison with Baryshnikov's Nutcracker * in his * production shows how wonderful the mask of Baryshnikov's nutcracker was - "jaws" seemed to be moving when Baryshnikov tilted his head back. <br /> <br /> Dancing Yourself in Macaulay The culinary version is of course excellent except for Culkin himself, whose dancing, as I said, is not even remarkable. (Sugar Plum Fairy and his Cavalier are prominent roles in the production of Balanchine's "Nutcracker".) The colors of the film, however, may be a bit brighter as it is Fantasy. Choreography is also brilliant and its adaptation is so loyal that it contains sequentially, which contains additional music from the Tchaikovsky Ballet "Sleeping Beauty" - as Marie slips down, sleeps on the couch and dreams that Drosselmeyer "improves" the broken nutcracker (this sequence was naturally never added to Tchaikovsky's original ballet --- this is the only sequence in the production that has music as a "Nutcracker"). <br /> <br /> Those who have guided this film or those who despise (or glorify it) should give it the opportunity, despite two major drawbacks. This is much better than it seems when the first one hears that Culkin is in it.
