Released from Zentropana in North America to avoid confusion with Agniezska Holland's own Holocaust film Europa Europa, this filmmaker is the third theater feature that no longer ceases to be surprising, inspiring or direct. after the end of World War II. America, called Leo, doesn't get what he does there. He has come to participate in the reconstruction of the country because he thinks it is time for some charity to be shown in Germany. No matter how it sounds, it is not Nazi sympathy or so much pre-German but just mixed up. His uncle, who works on the railroad, gets Leo's job as a sleeper car driver and has been increasingly involved in the form of the 1945 horrors and riddles in Germany. <br /> <br /> This progression begins when leo, calm but restless actor Jean-Marc Barr plays quite memorable when he meets Barbara Sukowa, the surface weakness actress, but with internal vitality, train. She seduces her and takes her home to her family who owns a train manufacturing company. These were the exact trains that killed the Jews during the war, but now they run a daily schedule and the position of the woman's uncle Kessler is still one of those good Germans who just did their job. Udo Kier is also an enormous actor who blew me in Von Trier's shocking second epidemic, though here he is just a landscape. <br /> <br /> Another guest of the house is the silent actor Eddie Constantine's power, playing the fun of American intelligence. He can assure that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, although it is completely confusing to Leo. For decades, Americans have been characterized by the gullible, which pulls out of its element, but they have been less gentle as it goes back to its work, which gradually looks like its own dead train. <br /> <br /> The Danish director Lars Von Trier tells the story deliberately in an uncoordinated way that the anchor is breathtaking in editing and cinematography. He's doing black and white and he uses double exposures, optical effects, and trick photography, with actors interacting with the retrieved film material. glass for our more detailed inspection. <br /> <br /> This Grand Jury's award-winning surreal work is allegorical, but perhaps clearly toned for any viewer. I interpret it as a film about the latest Nazi legs, symbolized by the train, and the ethical responsibility of Americans and others who seemed too late to save the martyrs and bearings of their trains where they were carrying their dead ship. The movie over time and the Nazi state, and the importance of the train to the train, are dead, but like such chickens, they get back through their reflexes. <br /> <br /> Characters, music, dialogue, and plots are deliberately ghostly and almost satirically proclaimed movie noir conventions. The most appealing points of the film are cinematic. Two trains stopped back and forth, Barr on one and Sukowa on the other. Underwater Blood Expanding With Blood. From time to time an expressive sequence of what it has to overwhelm. And most metaphysically, it affects all the anesthetic images of train paths, as Max von Sydow's voice attracts us to return to Europe with him and give up our personal security system.
