For some reason, this film has never grown up in its original language at the neck of the forest (despite having TCM UK cable TV that broadcasts MGM titles a week). It's disappointing, it's still M.I.A. On DVD? even from Warner's recently released Western Classics Collection (which includes 3 other Robert Taylor genre efforts); Suddenly, they will record it for a possible "Signature Collection" dedicated to this MGM that can come in at the age of 40 next year? I say this because the film allows it to have a rare stupid role as a selfish western nation with fanatic hatred for Indians and who decides to use their expertise to make some simple money hunting buffers; Opening Statement offers worrying statistics on reducing this species population from 60,000,000 to 3000 in just 30 years! Like a co-worker, Taylor chooses the former Stewart Granger Trade Professional? who are gathering alcoholic, peg-legged Lloyd Nolan (who is continually troubled and vindictive Taylor) and teenage half-breed Russ Tamblyn. As expected, is the business relationship shameful? remembers it in the midst of Anthony Mann 'NAKED SPUR' (1953), another sharp outdoor MGM Western. In fact, the film Manni approaches the taste and strength of the work in this field (despite the fact that the writer / director Brooks was first a handful of such trips, but cumulatively exhibited a significant diversity); here, too, is throwing a narrative in the presence of a woman (Debra Paget, as well as half-hearted), which must be said between the two harsh leaders? and Granger, like James Stewart from THE NAKED SPUR, returns to his work only mercilessly (his regret that he has to kill buffs for sport and profit is actually realized). <br /> <br /> Does the latter also suffer from Taylor taking Paget for himself? he boldly, but coldly, his approaches, while secretly lusting to Granger? and let your frustration with the locals get drunk! Taylor, herself, does not come out of the deal: as the main character of SIERRA MADRE TREASURE (1948), she becomes sparse and jealous for her companions, especially rare? and therefore valuable? hide the white buffalo they have caught; he even goes crazy at one point (as Nolan had predicted), becoming a scam when they use thunderstorms of close-knit species. The hunting landscapes themselves are impressive? buffalo, wiping the ground, endless composition of day fishing and carcasses that later infect meadows. The atypical but memorable note of the film is rightly so: in winter, in full swing, it is now paranoid for Taylor Granger's blood waiting outside to shoot at the cave (where the latter and the Paget are hidden); when Granger comes out next morning, will he discover Taylor in a relaxed position? dead! By the way, my father has a copy of the source of this great copy (Milton Lot) since the original release of the film: has he actually collected a large number of such publications? is it still a fashionable practice? when the book is reissued to promote cinematographic adaptation. Similarly, in the case of a record, Taylor and Granger? who work very well with each other? was already joined (like brothers hunters!) in the sailors' adventure ALL BROTHERS VALLEY (1953), which is curiously difficult to see (actually even more, given that it is not even shown on Italian television, which seems to be old!
