Although I usually do not like the warming price, I happened to get the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AitO) cable one Saturday morning just as it started. As a fan of Adrien Brody, I was curious to see what Brody was as a 21-year-old (20 when he filmed it, I think) in this early role, like Danny Hemmerling, a useful infielder for California angels (1951). The heavy luck baseball team was the Pittsburgh pirates, the name change is a nice touch because it makes the title a word). I decided to give the flick an opportunity, and it turned out to be a rather painless, even friendly experience, with enough laugh, tears, sweetness and baseball-based excitement. I also liked my 7-year-old daughter in the ghost! :-) William Dear, Director of Mike Nesmith's frequent co-operation partner, AitO is a story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a granddaughter who prays truly after his non-own-well-father (convincingly slippery Dermot Mulroney) sarcastically says that they will be family again when the last place where California Angels wins. Soon, Roger will see the real angels in the angels led by Christopher Lloyd, whose usual zany, eccentric disregard keeps Aito irreversibly in the Schmaltz zone. Crusty Head George Knox (Danny Glover in a world-tired, upset mode) is hard to sell, but when the team starts winning, he believes Roger angel and soon Knox will have Roger and his sweet li'l-palm and co-child JP (divine Milton Davis Jr.) fortunate in every angels game. Knox, even with his temperamental outbursts and profane tinting, so much so as to soothe the angels as for the children, which is a little bit funny when he begins to dress in the usual way of the judge, but starts to go himself. This results in predictable obstacles, such as the uncomfortable athlete Ranch Wilder (Jay O. Sanders), who is trying to trouble Knox because of the angelic angle. Of course, this all makes our heroes ultimately fine, but they are so cute that you don't mind! :-) Brody, with her child, has a couple of good lines (especially her exchange with Glover for the emotional influence of the national anthem in the ball game) and the lovely little one where the beautiful blonde angel massages her shoulders before she goes to the bat. Brody is not the only future star in the AitO lineup: his teammates are Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and of course the young people went to Gordon-Levitt on the TV 3. ROCK FROM THE SUN and such films as 10 THINGS I hate you. Always Wonderful Taylor Negron and Oscar winners (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson offer powerful support. If you are a baseball fan who wants to rent a suitable movie for kids and get to know some young actresses before getting the stars, AitO '94 does well.
