Coming to Scoop (2005), as soon as a somewhat self-repeating "serious Woody" piece, Scoop gives new hope to Allen's small but hard-to-follow group (of which I am myself) that the captain has once again found its form. The somewhat disappointing effort that culminated between drastic Melinda and Melinda (2004) and embarrassing Anything Else (2003) raised serious doubts that the cards were second-class Woody comedy with their participation as an actor or not. Luckily, the cards turn out to be the Tarot, which is Scoop's smart Maguffin and offers an optimistic reading about the future of Woody Allen's comedy. <br /> <br /> Even more encouraging, Woody's self-casting - unfortunately one of the weaker elements in recent years - is inspired by self-deception and humble recognition that he can no longer play romantic leaders if women are enough daughters or grandchildren. In Scoop, Allen forever sets Sid Waterman, an aging magician and a tired director, who, like Woody himself, has brought his action to London, where viewers - if not more susceptible - are at least more polite. Like Chaplin's Calvero in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman gives Allen the opportunity to declare the artist's slightly distorted mask whose art has been rejected and whose audience is no longer big or appreciative. Moreover, since Allen's ticks and elongated grips seem less disturbing in nature, they have been less disturbed here. <br /> <br /> Waterman's character works well on the plot. His fake magical body soluble box becomes an ironically credible place for Joo Strombel (Ian McShane), a notorious journalistic muckraker and recent victim of cardiac arrest. Strombel, introduced into the Styx River-ship-Hades River, repeatedly jumps on a ship because it simply cannot rest in eternity without announcing the last "scoop" of the infamous "Tarot killer" identity. Unfortunately, he is bringing his deaths to the original return to Waterman's magical show, and the only channel for his hot leaders is the press, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who has been invited by the audience to be a comedian magic trick. Sondra eagerly grabs the press and pulls the reluctant Waterman research into the role of her millionaire father. As shown in Lost in Translation, Johansson has a comedy talent and the funny game between him and Allen is very amusing - and even more so he never threatens to become romantic. <br /> <br /> Slaughter of Scoop sera involving murderers of prostitutes and aristocratic chief suspect, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is undoubtedly a predictable outcome if Allen's long-term involvement in London's popular Jack the Ripper landmarks and lore. At the same time, other aspects of Scoop (Match Point) also come from Woody's late life with English culture. The structure, ways, idiom, dress, architecture and yes of this class, the peculiar habit of driving gives Woody fresh new material for tracking human behavior and sharp social satire. For example, when Sondra tries to self-deceive Peter Lyman in a private club, Waterman observes from a "perspective that we are pristine." A lot of humor is also caused by the stubbornly contradictory contradictions in British social practices that come with Waterman's demanding Borscht-Belt Jewish plebeianism. And then, of course, Waterman's fun way out of the smart car, which he doesn't remember to drive on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> As usual, Allen's humor is a heavy dose of Scoop. jokes, in the form of rather violent clues for films and literature, and more and more references to his own filmography. In addition to the widespread Jack Ripper references, for example, the film's soundtrack is dominated by the Grieg's "Hill of King's Hall", led by Hans Beckert in the M series, the first masterbreaker of the series. A recent meeting of journalists discussing the exploitation of Joe Strombel clearly illustrates the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). References to Harry's Deconstruction (1997) include the use of death as a character (with his original voice and costume), the use of Mandelbaum as a character, and the mention of Adair University (Harry "alma mater" and where Sondra is now a student). In addition, the systematic use of Greek mythology on the underworld cruise Hesse reminds us of the use of Greek gods and choir in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> As far as quoted gags are concerned, Allen's scripts depend less on the -liners than they did in their career, but Scoop offers at least a few memorable ones. To his question about his religion, Waterman says, "I was born in Hebrew, but later I became narcissist." And Sondra clicks down on the discovery of this Waterman wannabe crime: "If we put our heads together, you'll hear a hollow noise." All in all, Scoop has been Woody Allen's most comedy for ten years.
