Reiterates the darkness. Remember All "What happened to Woody Allen?" joke? Even Mr Allen created fun for the fans who wanted him to continue making the same funny movie. As with all major artists, Mr. Allen's craft changed over the years and he lost some fans while others were. Last year's masterpiece "Matchpoint" showed that he was still as important and terrible as he was on "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan" days. The most striking thing is that the 40-year-old fans are that Mr. New York seems to be a bit busted by the mother country. Apparently he likes England !! During "Matchpoint" filming, Mr. Allen Scarlett got Johansson and his real life spirit and sense of humor. This attraction prompted him to write his best comedy over the years. Scarlett, if he runs the risk of excessive exposure, must be given credit so that they do not only choose films that put him in some fascinating light. He is not afraid to look and act like a real person. In "Scoop", he flashes real screen comedy pieces and in many scenes, gives a real punchline to Mr. Allen's straight man. Of course, when Mr. Allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he gets more than his share of one lining and social comments, which is good because few do it better. <br /> <br /> Very good support from Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman looks at a couple of reasons why many of us thought he was the best choice for replacing Brosna with a new bond. As with most Allen films, the star is a star, not an actor. Though Scarlett offers great here and is a nice contrast to polished Allen and Jackman, it makes it a beating dialogue ... especially between Allen and Scarlett. If you are not a big Woody actor fan, don't be afraid. It limits its screen time and it is quite effective, except for two or three short scenes that almost seem inappropriate. Another Woodman tradition is the musical background of sparkling wine and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially the Strauss composition. movies or Cary Grant comedies. Yes, this is an adult comedy, but it is really cute ... especially for the serum killer and the talking rubber comedy!
