First of all, let me comment that the audience loved it from the first moment. Perhaps the current events in the Middle East led people to say, "I came to enjoy comedy and George after that." but for any reason it all seemed to be comedy. For the last couple of times, Woody has been trying to make a straight comedy (Small Time Crooks, Jade Scorpion, Hollywood). I felt that I felt tight and a little bit old with a single liner. I remember thinking at one point: "It would have been funny in the early 60s." So I was afraid of going to the movie that Woody was getting deaf, but it was a comic sensation. It is true that my AARP card was screened by many people, but also by the 20th and 30th time, and it seemed that they got it and abandoned the random stomach to laugh in addition to numerous needles, laughs, and the like. In many cases, the harlots were laughing so loud that you missed the next line. <br /> <br /> Woody spoke of familiar land. As I suspected the trailer, this film had a lot of mystery of Manhattan's murder, but then again there was more than Oidipus Wreck (New York Stories), Alice, and even a little respect for Broadway for Danny Rose Even at first. <br /> <br /> Even though Woody, like Sondra, was in the movie, Scarlett was sometimes a Woody proxy, but his character was far from Nebbish, which says Will Ferrell gave us in. Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried to fame. Instead of archetypal ticks and spices, Sondra's nervousness comes directly from family history, which he shares early. In many cases, the "family business" leads him to the unpopularities that we get as an audience, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as strange non-sequences. Because we're all inside the joke, we can't help laugh. But laughter does not come from the recognition of Woody nebbish, but really from that character. In large part, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow, Scarlett is not required to use Woody's voice to wake Woody's role. So, we don't find ourselves out of narrative because Woody's voice rises suddenly from someone else. <br /> <br /> Like my friend commented on the way out, Sid, Woody's played character, has a supporting role, but more at a central stage than I was hoping for. But this time it seems that Woody has written a character that really fits his current person. Unlike the character of Ed Dobel's sage from Anything Else or his dark director at Hollywood Ending, this character is comfortable this time. Perhaps even more important, this time, is a character story. In the elevated circles where they are, he is still out of the water as Scarlett, which is always very comedic. Sid is a declining, traveling magician who plays for small audiences, but the fact that he is from another era is our joy in the front and middle. <br /> <br /> But with Jackman? But Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I liked both so much that they were used in a piece. I was particularly fond of McShane's short but effective appeal. Jackman is a charming "Old Money" with simplicity that has been depicted in films so often 50 years ago. (Classical Cairo Rose?) <br /> <br /> What did I think? A short answer, perhaps his best straight comedy from the 1994 Bullet Over Broadway. Less stylized than Mighty Aphrodite. Less gentle than Harry's deconstruction. Less forced than in small times or Hollywood. Woody has finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
