The "shovel" is also the end of the thirties, the novel by Evelyn Waugh and the new film by Woody Allen, although it is set today, is nostalgic charm and simplicity. This is not the depth of Allen's penultimate effort "Match Point", intense performances, mid-term or shocking final update (which many, including this reviewer, claim to be a strong return to the form), but "Scoop" resembles close to Allen's last outing focuses on English aristocrats, poshon London apartments, murder and discovery. This time Woody leaves behind the genre of mystery of murderers and returns to comedy and is back on screen as a friendly vaudevillian, a wizard named Sid Waterman, directed by The Great Splendini. be Hebrew persuasion, but when I got older, I turned into narcissism. "After revelation in the midst of Splendin's standard dematerialisation action, as Scarlett Johansson (Sondra Pransky) volunteered, an inappropriate couple of dead ace journalists underwent a post-mortem attempt to get one last news. the secretary of the secretary, who says he was poisoned, and he told him that charming aristocratic son Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was a murderer of Tarot Card, a serial killer in London. they cut them quickly into London's aristocracy shell. <br /> <br /> Woody is not acting on his young heroic museum - like "Match Point", Johansson again - as in the past, this time Scarlett is not an ambitious sex boy and a possible movie star. Resurrected, but disregarded, but quite common, Sid and Sondral have no flirting, which is a great relief. more or less courtesy to carry out Strombel's desires by following Lyman's friendly attitude and hints of guilt. With only minimal protests, Sid allows Sondra's father to appear. Sondra, who has conquered Peter, pretending to dump his club pool, reinstates Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, ie Woody, keeps the cards trapped by interrupting the tricks, but he entertains them and strikes his spouses into poker, relaxing with a one-liner while retaining the success of the oil and precious metals, as Jade has said he says. <br /> <br /> It is all that is, or all that can be said without breaking the story, revealing the result. First of all, Allen's decision to make Johansson's naïve, naive and poorly dressed college girl does not just seem uncomfortable, but an all-inclusive bad decision. But Johansson, who has beaten and afflicted the actress, is able to admire what Jackman, an actor, helped to know what any actor wanted if he wanted it. The film actually creates a sense of relationship, compensates for it with a limited number of characters: Sid and Sondra spar friendly, Peter and Sondra are an incredible attraction, even though it is artificial and corrupt (he is finally going to bed with a suspected murder maniac). <br /> <br /> Whatever Allen has once drooling over England's wealth and class, it seems that his Brooklyn background has left him despite his fame for an irresistible desire. Jackman is an impressive companion, glamorous and striking. His parents were English. But did this sporty musical comedy star rise in Australia ("X-Man's Wolverine") really as an aristocrat? Only in movies, maybe (here and "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> It's not as strong a movie as "Match Point," but to say it's a loser because some viewers are pretty wrong. It's not a deeper than half an hour of radio-drama or TV show, but Woody's jokes are much more fun and original than you get in such a media system, and sometimes they show you back to the old spirit and wisdom. It doesn't matter if the film is silly or slapdash when it directs entertainment in the summer. On a hot day you don't want a heavy meal. The whole thing tastes pleasant when the movie comedies were really entertaining entertainment without bringing fun or bomb attacks; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics want to tell you that this is a return to "Match Point" before Allen's fall. Don't believe them. He's not trying too hard. Why should he? He may be 70 years old, but he is easy on his feet orally. And his body is also moving quite quickly.
