I was fortunate to have a free Scoop score last night. There was spontaneous applause in the whole house theater and at the end of the movie. I didn't speak to anyone who didn't like "Scoop," although two adolescent teenagers sighed and worshiped most for the film. However, they were an exception because everyone else, including me, really liked it. <br /> <br /> "Shovel" is the mystery of the fast paced murder. A young female journalist is involuntarily maneuvered by troops that are out of control, trying to get rid of the serial number. A lot of hijinke comes when his partners travel with an illusionist and fall in love with a terrifying and charming young nobleman. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is not a bad addition to Woody Allen's filmography. It's not her best job, but it's a very enjoyable and light-hearted romp. I would say it is quite convenient for the average Woody Allen movie, right in the middle of the pack. If you're a fan of Woody Allen, you probably enjoy yourself. If you are indifferent to your work, Scoop may be enough to see you more. I don't think anyone who dislikes his style and acting on film making will change his mind. Woody plays the same type of neurotic character we are used to being so used to, although it is dangerously close and upside down with this film. While Woody Allen fans know who wants to hurry and just blame, they may know what to expect. <br /> <br /> Very good performances in my opinion, although I found myself missing Ian McShane, who is great and not camera almost enough. Hugh Jackman is great as a charming nobleman and I think Woody Allen has found a new regular star to work with Scarlett Johansson. I think it is their second tie in 'Match Point' and it is just the magic material Woody gives him. May be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm glad to see the movie and I definitely recommended it. More sophisticated comedy than movies like "Scary Movie 4", so if your comedy brand is the last, not the first, "Scoop" is probably not for you. On the other hand, if you like classic touch, complexity and fun, "Scoop" is for you. Probably not the Woody Allen movie I introduce to the newcomer, but everyone else should try it.
