I really did not look at this example as often as I was a child, but the first episode I ever remember is an episode where Kimmy Gibbler invaded Stephanie's ears. when I started high school back in 2000. I had problems throughout the high school and I wouldn't want to get into it. but I always looked at the bell salvation, but it really showed me the problems I faced at school, and it showed children rarely. The clock is recorded as good but not good for family activities. a few days after I graduated from high school in 2004. I turned the TV into a family channel and from day to day I became addicted to a full-time. I could even press the info button and see the year it came out and I remember what I did during that time. The episode was coming and it was titled "Birthday Blues" and today it's the most favorite episode, it's a sad, happy ending, and you see Kimmy Gibbler in such a way that he doesn't act in other episodes, he really shows his serious side. I have 1,2,3,4,5 and 6 DVDs in the season, and I'm waiting for 7 and 8. I wanted to have a documentary and some comments from the cast members. I don't know why some people hate this show because you don't see the trash and violence in this show. and to those who hate this exhibition, I pray for you because you would have grown up in an uncertain family with no love. but in my opinion, a full house is a family living in heaven, where everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so awesome. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey has a good character and is always in a good mood. when I was a kid, I was just like Jesse and he is the first TV actress who is so obsessed with hair. somehow you can actually say that DJ is a California girl. I like Kimmy Gibbler's episodes because he always makes me smile and brighter when I look at him. and Stephanie is so cool. I also have a hard time telling twins to Olsen. I want my kids to watch it one day. but full house is my # 1 favorite show and Sabrina teen witch is my # 2 favorite. one day, sometimes before I die, I would really like to meet the whole house pain personally. the first 3 seasons are boring, but they are getting better in the 4th season. I just wanted them to have 9th season. they finished the plenary session in 1995 and in the autumn of 1996, Sabrina's teenage witch (similar to a family show) appeared, but the full house is a very loving show and they have good times and bad times and yes, I understand If your wild trashy type a person who is going to show hate, but it is a show of joy and it is also a moral exhibition. I would also like to say that the first 3 seasons are good outings, but during the 4th and 5th seasons, DJs and Stephanie get teens. I also noticed that not only with full-time but also with many exhibitions, they never talk about the problems of the world and politics, for example, when the 1991 Gulf War and the bombing of Oklahoma City were full of houses. In 1995 they did not mention anything about it. Steve was also my favorite DJ boy who was very interesting with viper and nelson. but the 5th and 6th seasons are the best in my opinion. I just wanted them to have done the 9th season because they left a big question mark on my head because last minute's last episode has a surprise dj and goes with his former boyfriend Steve. when they came back. and I liked how the DJ was always responsible in the last season and the stephanie had always wanted to do something bold, like the episode "stephanie's wild ride"
