When you look at this example for the first time, you can start thinking about whether you are in an alternative reality. Colorful and creative characters? Entertaining dialogue? Plots that seem to have their depth, even creating at times an atmosphere and drama? I mean, it's a children's show with syndicates? It is the same place that has brought children to such a drama as Pokemon, Pepper Ann, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers and VR Troopers (please note that the three above-mentioned titles are Japanese exports, courtesy of Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Don't worry, you've just chosen some of the high quality prices available to children in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this period are "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "C.O.P.S." (a comic NOT confused with Fox's live show). In addition to these major examples, Disney also returned to syndication programs for children, coming out of The Disney Afternoon. In addition to the dumbed-down show "The Gummi Bears", early exhibitions such as "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Tales" and "Chip 'N Dale Rescue Services" gave recognition to Disney's animation teams who were also a theater classic like "Little Mermaid" , "Beauty and the Beast", "The Savior Down" and "The Great Mouse Detective". But above all, they look like "TaleSpin". The premiere of "Plunder and Lightning" was an exciting two-hour race and won Emmy. For my pleasure, the rest of the episodes were equal to the premiere promise. <br /> <br /> Although I enjoy plots and dialogue, I think characters are the greatest attractions for me. There's Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still misleading; Set of Cloudkicker, full of service and optimism; Louie, with her loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer from Scotty in the original "Star Trekil"; Molly Cunningham, cute and witty, but with some depth that most of the child's characters are missing, and of course, in the middle of it, is Baloo, whom I would describe as James Bond sliding. This is because, whenever there is a problem, Baloo saves the day with the help of its toughest, fastest and fastest sea coast (Read: James Bondi Aston Martin). Of course, every big show must have big villains and TaleSpin won't be fooled here either. From the businesstiger Shere Kahn to the megalomania, the useless and always failed air pirate Don Karnage, for the fun and intuitive Soviet satirized Thembrians. Animation is good, the right music and episodes are (for me) the best children's programming ever offered. Great pleasure for the whole family!
