This film gives a statement about Joseph Smith, what he stood for and what the LDS Church believes. Throughout the current media, some volatile people have interfered with the LDS Church with FLDS Church and Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not affiliated with the LDS Church, but media groups have internationally requested comments on Jeffs from the LDS Church. Jeffs is not mentioned in the film at all, but I think it is ironic that this film, which has all the points about Joseph, also refers to the small media world of the FLDS Church and their leaders. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and the big one. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeff and Joseph are depicted in Joseph's humanity, acceptance, and love. Jeff's views and opinions differ greatly from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church and are reviewed in this film. Jeffs thinks "negro" is a devil. Joseph Smith knew they were God's children and gave up his wife's favorite horse to an African-American (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph is told that he is doing housework for his wife Emma, ​​and is criticized by a member until Joseph tells him that he can lose his life in the next life if he decides not to stay with his wife and that housework is a way to help and cherish your wife. Jeffs brought one of his polygamates to his knees in front of the pupils in front of a full class, grabbing his braid, and turning it painfully until he reached his knees. Finally, Joseph participated in law enforcement and always sought help from the government. Jeffs reflects his nose in government and flees all the time. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie and if you don't know much about Joseph Smith and what the LDS Church believes it is a movie to see. And if you had interfered with the LDS Church with the FLDS Church, you must get your act together. We do not differ much from others who believe in Jesus Christ, the holiness and family of marriage, as well as the patriots of our homeland and country. We are all different, just like the different Protestants, the Presbyterians, the Methodist, the Baptist and the Catholics. What matters is our message and what we stand for. This movie tries to portray it, but Joseph's life is so much that it cannot be covered with just a 2-hour movie. It was a really great show.
