There are companies like UFO, Troma and the Seduction Cinema below them near the bottom of the movie studio ladder. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a direct video production company specializing in lesbian themes, non-hardcore erotic movies. He has developed a very dedicated fan base that buys every new title when it is released, but unfortunately, the company has become too close to the frequent star Misty Mundae. I'm sorry, because the latest mainstream interests and his appearance at the Masters of Horrors exhibition have caused him some of his sights to be higher than the zero budget S.C. Efforts that force the company to find a new identity. But on their glorious days, they released this film to a very grateful world. <br /> <br /> Excellent Misty Mundae is forced to attend school at the request of a missing father. At school, he meets his absurdly hot room, played by Ruby Larocca, who has his designs right now, but the director (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. Typical S.C. The style stops the film for every ten minutes of extended sex, but unlike most of their efforts, it has a somewhat interesting story and a few good performances. Ms. Larocca seems to be a great time as a sexual predator who looks at Misty's delicious meal and Darian Caine is welcome (albeit short) than Satan. This is a movie that Jess Franco looks out of in the 1970s (although it doesn't have hardcore sex, Franco was always ready to throw it into the foreign market) and it would be wise for fans of this crazy work to give it a <br /> <br /> to a movie fan (and a Troma worshiper), I came across movies of the Seduction cinema through parody films (a monkey playful who wants to be an erotic billionaire), but I actually prefer my more original works. You see a low-budget past and sometimes a weak act, or you do these things and hate all these movies. For me, the most obvious thing that connects these budget movies is the real fun. These low-budget companies are able to create their own unique style, giving the viewer something very different from numbers, studio efforts that make multiplexes up. <br /> <br /> If you have never seen a transplant, or it is Sin Sisters (both Mundae sisters) are great choices. It's a fun, fast-paced movie (although the school's frequent external shots get a little old) and the DVD has full add-ons, including previews of other business bids, great featurette behind the scenes, and some deleted scenes, including alternative opening. I advise you to pass the disc bonus feature, the director's first movie, as it is rather weak and not really worth it.
