I was lucky enough to watch it without looking at it. I was surprised that the ghost is, in my opinion, a resistance the next day and the day after. I watched it 3-4 times and every time I appreciate it. The settings are proud, the city has a beautiful light effect, long shots of the sex and the house itself grows with moss. The main hero is so pleasant and kind-hearted that he is just sympathetic. To the person who complained that there were not enough "sparks" in this film, I would say that this is because the whole struggle with the ghost is done by this one person. It is a rather slow-paced film that spends an unusually long time, before and after the ghost attack, to develop its character with family and work life. SPOILERS Discussion / <br /> <br /> I especially liked the turning point when he returns to the main city and meets a man who helps him and explains how the spirit is seen. She describes the woman in black and then at the end of the conversation she says she's going back because after all, what was she doing to her? Another man says, "You can't go back ... alone!" and lends a hero to your dog. The cute little dog offers a little breath of comic relief, where it borders the house and even the locked room. <br /> <br /> The manifestations of many spiritual ghosts pulled me out. A woman appears in the middle of the church, showing that she is not afraid of the church, nor is she terrifying nor connected to the house. It's all at the beginning. Another incredibly memorable scene was with the children outside the church fence, watching the funeral. As the camera put right, the woman sees the tombstones in the background. The older man doesn't even see it, but the children worship and loot. Crreeepy ... Usually ghosts hide hidden local places or people. As already mentioned, the ghost is frightening and angry, and I feel the attacks and the end are perfect and fully justified. The final point was that the hero made a big mistake when he returned to the house. Or maybe he noted that any rescue of a gypsy girl. A man who plays a hotel manager is so plausible and really plays a role. I've spread the word to my friends how much I enjoyed this movie, and it's convincing to see that others feel the same. I see people not seeing the same masterpiece, especially when they got a lot of insight into the mortgage. <br /> <br /> I think the other person took it together when they said that the film solved the question of whether Ghosts could physically harm a person. Whew .. I'm planning to look at this again today, followed by The Changeling, aaww yeah. Any other movies you want to recommend? <br /> <br /> Thank you,
