New York, 1953. One hot night, four famous iconic numbers come together. Professor (Albert Einstein) has arrived at NY to give his senator (Joesph MacCarthy) back. Later that evening, his surprise becomes a visitor; famous actor (Marilyn Monroe). Who really wants to discuss relativity theories. Soon, his ball-playing husband (Joe DiMaggio) will appear in the hotel room, asking to work on their crumbling. Childhood, important events, the perceived consequences of their actions are climbing to show how these people are desperate and hidden by the fear of waiting to break. <br /> <br /> It's unique now! Adapted by Terry Johnson's production (also filming the film's scenario), "irrelevance" is a strange, peculiar, seductive and strange fictional pop culture trick in the direction of director Nicolas Roegi. This inspired and experimental brain effort can be rooted in the origins of its stages, because it knows the theater and most of the activities take place in the background of the hotel and in one of the main suites. The appearance of seizures only increased New York's mood and smoke atmosphere. However, these limitations must not contain fruitful and courageous ideas that Roeg can accidentally storm through visual and meaningful material. How he reflects the philosophical tours of the character (who is desirably famous, without the need to name them) and the interpretations of these concepts stimulate in the spiritual sense, the memories gelling up to the present day, and the visions show the concepts of those fears that, depending on what you see, are either beautiful or haunted. . An understandably innovative (if sometimes uncomfortable) script has a lot of thoughts and hints focusing mainly on the current situation, but the setbacks give us personal make-up (gender, power, enlightenment, and glory) of what makes them, and how much load it can be a demanding life there. Of course, this story may not bring anything at the end, and it may seem separate from each other, but the dreamy vibe and intelligent layout create these folds and ensure that it never becomes ridiculous. Peter Hannan's sensationally liquid photography and Stanley Myers' shaky blues soundtrack seamlessly fit into the stunningly submissive and well-established leadership style of Roeg. He looks like he's working great and big, but otherwise it's not and a small little universe is created. The suits and places of the period are good enough. What made the film for me had to be an impressive action that was four of the main. Theresa Russell's perky, falling dead gorgeous attractiveness of sexy pin-up actor is a growing imagination that surely kept the movie with a truly superb and love performance by Michael Emil. Tony Curtis plays as admirable as the sorcerer's yacht senator and Gary Busey is appropriately stoically gravel like a ball player. Small but fun supporters are Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> Pleasantly striking, fresh and tour de force meditation piece, metaphysics that is linked to four different extremes. Some may find it unevenly regular and too talkative, but it was a unique world for me to worry about its shortcomings.
