It is not known if Marilyn Monroe ever met and spoke to Albert Einstein (and since his mysterious disappearance of his diary after an equally mysterious death, we may never know), but there was a chance in their lifetime. <br /> <br Nicolas Roegi's insignificance from the Terry Johnson Handbook The importance of Nicolas Roeg represents one night in 1953 between two icons plus Joe DiMaggio (Busey) and Senator Joseph McCarthy (Curtis) in the New York Hotel Room, but only on one level. On the second level, it increases - or reduces - those "personalities" (and the sad phrase) to mere avatars (the characters are not consciously named), at the same time bigger and smaller. <br /> <br /> The title Insignificance is both suitable and deeply ironic; here, DiMaggio's net worth has been reduced slightly more than the bubble game card. Monroe shrinks with her dress, hair, lipstick, strangulation and voice. By discovering its own insecurity and reversing its roles, the film sharply focuses on listening to fame, exploding the cult of personality. <br /> <br /> Moving on to the subject, another explosion at the top of the movie: the Hiroshima Hotel Suite, where "Actor" is burned in a dull second; literally deconstruction. Goodbye, Norma Jean. History informs the script, which in turn shakes the history upside down. When Roeg looked after Johnson for the first time, "those characters were mythical, not a human being, not the public or the press, apparently not even the characters themselves." As played by Theresa Russell, Marilyn (a real life closet), the lectures speak of theoretical theoretical child-minded Einstein ("Professor" played by Emil) using the show of the professor. , aware of the parody of its role in the Seven-Year Itch, the movie Actress is seen to be running a movie opening. <br /> <br /> History records that Monroe's husband, the fading baseball star DiMaggio (Busey plays gently in the form of psychotic simpleton), was not happy with his iconic dress-playing scene in the film that caused them to break down. In the direct layer, we discover in the bar jealous "Ballplayer", which discourages me if "I want to see her underwear, I just walk around the corner like all other boys". <br /> <br /> Unlike the professor, the ball player believes that the universe is round - a claim shared by Indians. But the great Chief (Sampson, one flew over the cuckoo's nest of fame), who operates the Roosevelt hotel lift, has all been left out of his culture: "I'm no longer a Cherokee - I watch TV." Meanwhile, the "Senator" examines a professor who is before the pacifist speech to the United Nations, but who is suspected by the senator is red. In fact, when he publishes to Monroe, Einstein is guilty of Hiroshima's guilt and the future of the white fire. But in a seemingly godless universe, all such troubles and aspirations are rendered irrelevant in the light of higher (atomic) power. <br /> <br /> Roeg is really an ideal director to bring Johnson's stage to the screen. All tortured childhood setbacks and pessimistic shutdowns (ka-boom!) Sometimes have an unexpected connection between time, place, and situation, with the recurring visual motif of the watch indicating the passage of time - but perhaps also recommending all the time; co-exist every moment. As it can be seen from his back catalog, this is a hobbyhorse for the director who is fascinated by the concept of synchronicity - see. Don't look right now. Here, 1920 bleeding in 1945 and dripping into the 1980s, when the second "Actor" has taken on his greatest role as President of the United States. <br /> <br /> If all this sounds pretty hard (quantum physics is definitely involved), filling is something other than Johnson's witty, nervous scenario, the playful direction of Roeg, which essentially opens up the stage design - and cast himself, who is in the form of a star. Tony Curtis, in particular, leaves the signs of the wooden panels as a paranoid, impotent senator who is seen trying to conquer the Monroe impersonator (real, not Russell's) before he falls down by his diminishing member. <br /> Curtis, of course, played with Marilyn Monroe's real heat with a similar heat, and whose acceptance he described as "Hitler's kissing". Roeg commented: "All of a sudden seemed to be connected ... when the film began to develop, even the actors seemed to be part of this endless bonding." It all goes into a pot that is boiled down and served in new and interesting ways.
