I've always been a great admirer of Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite films. This is a version of Roegs' movie, and although most of the film is in the hotel room, it still has some Roegin cinematic burns. A very unique story is the famous actor (Theresa Russell) who, after a hard night's work in 1954, goes to visit the famous professor (Michael Emil) and, together with his hotel room, they speak. After a while he wants to go to bed with him, but when they get dressed, he threw his wife at the door. His wife is a famous former baseball player (Gary Busey) and he wants to know what's going on. Three of these hotel rooms speak about what is happening and what their future is. In the meantime, the famous Senator (Tony Curtis) threatens to take away the papers of professors if he does not admit at the hearing. Theresa Russell is just great, and although she is not trying to bring out Marilyn Monroe exactly, she does a wonderful job of distinguishing the phobia and the nuances that Monroe is very well known for. One thing the film does is show him not only the woman on the edge of the spiritual break, but also show him the physical wreck. He says he can't get children and the film at one point suffers abortion. You can do an excellent case that this is Russell's best result and I probably wouldn't argue. The film makes a lot of setbacks, because the characters continue to speak one thing and see one of the many reasons behind their actions. Busey also gives a good result and reminds me of what a strong person he is giving out on the screen. As a professor, Emil is a sign that has many more things in her mind, so we thought first. The last scene in this movie is the demonstration of its darker side! One highlight of the film is my little conversation with the elevator (Will Sampson, "Kure's Nest") and they are discussing what Cherokee Indians always think. Of course, this film is a famous scene where Russell demonstrates to Emil how he understands the theory of relativity and uses it to show toys. Professor is delighted with his demonstration and also with us! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and they work together when they work together and this is probably their best film together. Good performance and a very interesting management task make it a challenging and visual thinking provocative film.
