In the 1960s, a lot of really great and original horror films were produced in Italy - and that's definitely one of them! The first thing you notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the movie. Decorated with beautiful black-and-white and lighting by Director Margherit; The film looks almost like it may be a German expressionist horror film. This, along with a line of horror-filled parcels, ensures that Danse Macabre is a film that truly captures the nature of horror. Of course, the fact that beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does not harm things - and the good news continues, because in this film she can bend her acting muscles more than she did in her famous films. The plot is very aware of the time when it was released, and thus contains great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts himself for the contribution of Poe himself and Lord Blackwood, that he cannot spend the night in the creepy old castle. Anyone who has stayed there is dead ... and our hero will meet with previous betting! <br /> <br /> Nowadays, horror movies are not so much focused on each image, and the result is that the genre doesn't have much beauty. That's why it's refreshing. Many of the shots here are incredibly beautiful - from a couple of women who only wear visuals, to my personal favorite - a smoke down the door. This is my first film by Antonio Margherit and even after I saw it; it is obvious that he was one of the leading Italian directors. It is also interesting that the second scenario was written by great Italian great; The creator of Django is Sergio Corbucci. The plot may sometimes be somewhat inclined, but there is always enough atmosphere to ensure that the film never becomes boring - and that it is always intriguing, even if the plot expires, the same. So that Danse Macabre uses the "haunt house" theme, it's both well done and original and helps keep the story as terrible as possible. All in all, the fans of Italy and / or the cult cinema do not want to miss this little jewel!
