If you are a gothic horror fan then you are definitely guaranteed to love this wonderful Italian 60's Blood Castle. We are really talking about the embarrassing door, the vague portraits that appear to be moving, spontaneously dying of candles, although there is no wind and smoke under the doors of heavy wood chambers. Speaking of atmosphere and style, this masterful piece of Gothic art is one of the best there; just one little too much under the landmark, such as "Black Sunday", "Three Faces of Fear" and "Cry of a Woman's Curse". Outstanding directors Sergio Corbucci ("The Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margherit ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") are successful in all areas, including a powerful plot (which is truly a nightmare), ultra-fast landscapes and shooting locations, a stylish collection of black and white photography, vertebrate cooling music and talented performers. Barbara Steele, the aforementioned Black Sunday and an Italian goth museum star, shines brightly again as a spiritually tortured character and is literally surrounded by great co-players. One of them, Silvano Tranquill, even gives the author Edgar Allan Poe a rather reliable image. The story involves him and another prosperous visitor in the countryside, which calls for a cruel young journalist to receive a sick contribution. If he ??? Alan Foster ?? survive one night's notorious Blackwood Castle, he gets an amazing $ 10 reward and a newspaper interview with Son. Needless to say, the ordeal is much more dangerous than what seems, even like someone like Alan Foster, who is confident not a believer in ghosts and vampires. The evening starts big for her, because she even experiences a wonderfully beautiful woman in her dreams, but she gradually learns that Blackwood Castle is a hellish place where ghosts of previously dead visitors will remain forever. I don't know about you, but it's seriously one of my favorite horror movie spaces. Co-Professor Antonio Margherit was also proud of this film because he himself became a "Spider Web" a few years later. This film had a tricky trick, such as not only casting Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but generally the original is much better. "Blood Castle" literally breathes into the atmosphere and keeps a thoroughly ambitious atmosphere at all times. It's really one of the rare movies that can make your hair hands and fear behind your neck when you look at it in the right situation. Look at it late at night, preferably alone and in a candle-lit room, and get an idea of ​​the actual definition of horror.
