I originally saw this movie in the old Rialto theater as part of a triple bill of Saturday afternoon matinée, which included Vincent Price's "Last Man on Earth" and Mario Bava's "Nightmare Castle". I had a ghost of blood a week after the night! Though I didn't know it, all three films would be a classic of the genre. No wonder I was so scared! Although all three films scared me, it was the Blood Castle, which had the deepest impact. <br /> <br /> It was the first account. I didn't even see it from the beginning, because we were in a later movie and we didn't catch the first 20 minutes of the movie. There's little left, because the edited print ran only about 79 minutes (87 minutes without changing). Nonetheless, in the past, a horrible atmosphere (with ruined castles, caverns, graves and horses), gothic setting, strong action and intercourse (especially the last 20 minutes) was frightened by the past and made a lasting impression It took me years to finally get a copy of my collection. As it was French-Italian imports, it wasn't a film that appeared at Winnipeg's late exhibition. I couldn't remember the name quite well (remember I didn't see the start of the movie and I was afraid of witless) and even worse, the movie has literally appeared with the title of ten different films (aka Danze Macabre, The Terror of the Terror, The Terror of Terror, the long night of terrorism, etc.). ) And the title of US / UK work "Blood Castle" was very common, similar to dozens of other "b" horror and temporary films. illusive. But thanks to the internet and the determination I finally found it! What treatment does the film as a whole after so many years look at? It may not have the quite emotional effect it did when I was a boy, but when movies in a ghost house go, it is good and compares favorably with similar iconic movies like "The Haunting", "Innocents" or "Black Sunday", The film is a good start for Italian director Antonio Margherit. It marks the icon of the queen of fear in the 60's Barbara Steele and offers a well-written script of Sergio Corbucci on a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere) who contributes to the night in a haunting house and suddenly becomes part of an annual ghostly story. Hypnotic Steele is for ghostly love - like Arturo Dominici like Dr Carmus and Margarete Robsahm as Julia. <br /> <br /> Many gimmicks used by Margherit to create a terrifying atmosphere (horses, doors, fog, etc.) seem clichés for today's audience, but they work much more effectively in black and white than they could in today's color. Instead of using body numbers and special effects, the film creates the fear of old fashion, based on good stories, a stylish direction, a fine set, interesting camera work and strong performances. Margherit is doing great jobs by taking these elements and building a film distance, because the terrible paranormal secret of the house is gradually opening to an unwitting writer. <br /> <br /> The film is not without errors. Speed ​​pulls at the beginning of the movie (ironically, 20 minutes, which I initially left). This is likely to be amplified by the Synapse film to restore the film to its original length. While fans are likely to appreciate the possibility of seeing a movie replayed - in the introduction - it may be more of a hindrance than a help. English voice slides are simply satisfactory and in restored scenes, the language moves from English to French (prescribed in English subtitles), which definitely disturbs some viewers. <br /> <br /> But Synapse Films deserves praise for print quality. Obviously, it was recycled and served in the quest. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed the movie tremendously and recommended it to fans of the 60's Italian Goth movies or anyone with a good ghost story. Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
