Antonio Margherit named "Danza Macabra". The 1964 "Blood Castle" is a beautiful and incredibly haunted masterpiece of Italian Gothic fear and after 1960, "La Maschera Del Demonio" by Mario Bava ("Black Sunday") and Roger Corman's "Pit and Pendulum" 1961 (main Vincent) Price starring) is another vision that has earned more Barbara Steele more than earned fame as the most important female Horror icon in film history. But not only the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele is one of my favorite actresses, but the Danza Macabra scenario was written by fewer than the cinematic genius Sergio Corbucci, who led such brilliant spaghetti western goals as "Django" (1966) and "The Great Silence" (1968). Italian number 2 in this area (just after Mario Bava), director Antonio Margherit is one of the Gothic horrors of all time masters and "Blood Castle" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Hardly any other film works so wonderfully to create an incredibly haunting but beautiful atmosphere, as is this horrible masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he meets a famous brilliant story writer, Edgar Allen Poe's gloomy at the London pub will be picked up by a young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) that he cannot spend the evening in his haunted castle on the eve of all souls. As soon as Foster enters the terrible castle, a mysterious thing will happen. After a while, he will meet the enchanting palace of the castle, the amazingly beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). However, the mysterious events so far have been the hallmarks of the castle's bears, but ... Setting up a scary castle alone would be a gloomy mood, cinematography and Riz Ortolan's great score create an incredibly haunting atmosphere that has failed to compare. Wonderful Barbara Steele is fantastic as always, I just can't find enough words to praise this wonderful actor. No other actor has ever been able to combine the breathtaking beauty with the unpleasant, as in the case of Steele, and no actor ever did. In addition to Steele, another stunning beauty, Margarete Robsahm, has been cast in the film, and she also offers great results. The performance by George Rivière as Alan Foster is great and the rest of the performances are also very good. "Blood Castle" is prominent in many departments: Barbara Steele offers her best productions, cinematography and locations are hauntingly unparalleled, the atmosphere is incredibly frightening ... The film is just the perfect atmosphere, Gothic beauty and terror art. In short: "Blood Castle" is one of the most atmospheric and greatest ever made gothic horror movies and should not be forgotten about every genre of interest! 10/10
