This adaptation of the 1934 Somerset Maugham novel made Bette Davis an actor. Maybe he won his academic prize, but the films had got a loan so his studio didn't want him. His actions in this area do not come well from today's standards. Like a heartless waitress who pulls Philip, a sensitive medical student, around his life and almost destroys him, Davis is too little, almost demonic. The director John Cromwell, who brought good actors from his actors, was probably astonished. Davis is definitely traceable, but so striking and predatory that it hardly seems like a person. I imagine that Millie's character is quieter, less feminine than Davis, maybe a little grave. Davis is such a strong, immediate presence that he has no enigmatic air that makes Philip's appeal to him obviously more masochistic than it should be. Philip, Leslie Howard is great. His unsuccessful, somewhat exhausted look is ideal for this failed aesthetic. Nor does he make a personal interpretation of what Dirk Bogarde had said, which rarely makes his work clear. He seems to be in complete control, as he should be, playing a man with a rational intellect who is in the grip of irrational emotions that he cannot manage or even fully satisfy, because his object of love moves him in a way he does not understand. Howard was a fine actor, too often cast into the usual romantic parts that forced him to fall back on the magic he's not using here. <br /> <br /> It's been so long since I read the book I don't feel comfortable commenting on the loyalty of the movie. I think it captures the spirit of the story well enough and this is Howard's perfect Philip Carey. Sexual downsides are silenced and sometimes Philip behaves so masochistly that, in the absence of strong genital mutilation, the character of the miracle creates intelligence, certainly not Mr Maugham's intention. Thanks to Howard's presentation, Philip is firmly in focus, as his various responses to Milne and their longing can see extremes that intelligent intelligence goes on to understand irrational, self and others. In general, it is a very good film that has shifted somewhat because of its age, and it awakens London and has worked well for the most part.
