Reading Websites From Bette Davis you can find cases where the authors claim there is nothing special about it. I even found a website claiming that Bette Davis's success was probably the cause of his happiness. But the films of 1934, Mrs Davis, say quite the opposite. The most obvious example is the two films he did only a few weeks ago: Fog over Frisco and On Human Bondage. The characters played in these films, although both are negative, are quite different. At first, Arlene is a beautiful, glamorous and frivolous heir and a much more pleasant character than Mildred, a pale, uneducated and insecure Cockney waitress. Needless to say, Mrs Davis played both very authentic characters with the same enthusiasm. But that's not all. The thing is that the former role that most of the day's actors would want was what he was forced to play. The last role that seemed to be an unwanted, career-destroying role for most of the actors was the one who fought fiercely for a month. And that was the last role that brought him to the greatest stars. So there is no doubt that Mrs Davis knew from the beginning what she was doing. <br /> <br /> A film about a medical student Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard), who falls in love with Cockney's reporter Mildred Rogers. (Bette Davis) is a few weeks, but much more powerful. The story is just too big to say it in 83 minutes. For example, it is quite unclear why a refined student first found an interest in an uncomfortable speaker. Well, there is one scene where we have fallen into the eye of Mrs Davis, but this is when her emotions are already fully developed. However, the integrity of the story retains the Howard and Davis supremacy and the fantastic Steiner music that speaks a lot of emotions even when we don't see the characters. In fact, the movie Phillip combines walks that show him from the back, accompanied by a trembling double repetition. Every detail is well thought out - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful leitmotif for every woman in Phillip's life, which is consistently used in the film. And the beautiful scene where we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the most enjoyable scenes I've ever seen thanks to Francis Dee's breathtaking beauty (Mrs Dee was otherwise too beautiful to play the lead in Gone) with the wind) and Steiner's charming music. Moving the camera between some scenes is also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my strongest objection is that events are presented in two dimensions, which forces the viewer to become Mildred's ultimate bitch. The most nasty characters should be men who lure him into relationships, even though they know they are giving up on him after using it, but they are curiously ready to portray pleasant characters. After all, Mildred always promises - on his own, but still honestly - Phillip to know that he despises him and didn't care about him. What he just can't hear. Phillips is a masochistic nature associated with his club's mouth and infantile experience, which is the main cause of his love problem. He is enslaved to his club's footsteps as much as Mildred and may have to start a normal life. Of course, the selfish and disgruntled Mildred, after discovering his voluntary Phillip slavery, did his part to make his life hell. Even considering that he exploded when he realized that serfdom had relaxed, it was less than clear why he would burn Phillip's money (Maugham was different in his novel). After all, he can also steal and drunk gallons of champagne. <br /> <br /> With modern standards, the film is a bit outdated, but every time you watch it, you can open up new interesting details that come from boss, exciting music and original editing, so it deserves the highest possible character.
