The electrifying force of Bette Davis is such that other female players are hard to remember. They were so perfect in their parts as Davis was with him - they just didn't have much to do. Some reviewers found that the book was so much better - it was just a movie to put together a 600-page book for 83 minutes, it doesn't mean. The first part of the book did not change even on the screen - it spoke of Phillip's childhood, then moved to Germany and Paris where Phillip had gone to try to do the artist. He is also crowning his first romance - Fanny Price, who kills himself when he realizes that Phillip cannot send back his feelings of love. This is a great book, but amazing and I think anyone who doesn't think the film is too high should read the book and understand how good it is. <br /> <br /> Having realized that he is once a mediocre painter, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) is coming back to England hoping to take the medicine. When he is in the theater, he will meet Sullen's presentation, Mildred (Bette Davis). Though he's not interested in him and basically treats him like dirt, Phillip is obsessed. It's so hard to look at his efforts to find that civility in this sense of duty. In one scene, he promises to meet him in a second-class railroad waiting room when they almost lose each other, he breaks him "why am I waiting for a second-class waiting room when there is a first class". You just want to shake her. The only time she likes it is when she tells her to marry another man, a coarse salesman, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). When shooting with Mildred, she meets Nora (Kay Johnson), a lovely woman who writes romantic novels under the male pseudonym. He jokes about the popularity of books among servants (in the novel he saw in Mildred's reading.) Nora gives Phillip all the love and trust he needs, but he is unable to return his love. When Mildred returns (Miller has not married her and has a child), she takes care of her and helps her with the child (the film is treated as an object, always called "child." Name or gender) - she pays her back to her best friend . <br /> <br /> In the hospital, he meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee) who visits his sick father. She starts to visit her home and lives for the first time in her family. Then surprise! surprise! Mildred returns like a bad penny and surprise! Philip takes him in. But he has changed and only feels awkward when he tries to show gratitude the only way he knows. Then one of the most brutal, verbal struggles in the film is followed by phrases like "you cad, you dirty pigs", "I just kissed you because you asked me" and "when you went, I swept my mouth, I blessed my mouth" !! ! A lot of Mildred's inventory was associated with prostitutes in the book, like "you are a gentleman in every sense," "I don't mind" and "Mr. High and Powerful", and when Phillip meets for the first time, he hits it. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, Phillip (being the only possible free from Mildred) is now free for Sally. Again, Sally tells Phillip that she thinks she has a child, but it makes her more secure. This termination, like Mildred's "illness" could not be in the movie - even in the source code. <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson was always invited to play reasonable, plausible women he played perfectly when he was obviously reasonable. His Nora was a woman to whom Philip should have stayed. Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful screens. He was obviously groomed for a stardom with some roles that proved he was not just a pretty face ("Silver Javelin" and "Blood Money"), but when he married, his career began to step out. His Sally did not push the talent to the limits. Obviously, Leslie Howard was not very helpful to Bette Davis - she was annoyed that no English actor was given. He spotted his lines on "when the book was turned off". He began to interest when the newspaper said: "The child ran away with the picture" !!! <br /> <br /> Very, highly recommended.
