I happen to like Leslie Howard in her better films. But for some reason, his performance in IN HUMAN BONDAGE has never changed me enormously. I saw my college campus for the first time in 1972 and a commentary from the college newspaper commented that in the 1930s and 1940s, Howard played the role that was supposedly born later by Dirk Bogard. This is not usually the case (I think Ashley Wilkes is a man who may be betrayed when he and Scarlett O'Hara were supposed to be Margaret Mitchell, but Ashley loved Melonie, not Scarlett). Howard could play any type and role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not the one who betrayed. * <br /> <br /> (* It may be that Philip Armstrong Scott is betrayed by two strangers he shows hospitality in 49. PARALELIS, but they are the Nazis who consider him - liberal, western, Canada - honest game, It is not the same as the emotional betrayal, and Howard did not shrink, but faces the Nazis and hits one after him beating.) <br /> <br /> I think what the inspector thought was was that Howard might be spiritual - or trying to be spiritual. Recognize his poets - a dream - a traveler in a PETRIFIED COUNTRY. But this character was not misled except maybe by history (because he feels his type is as outdated as the gangster played by Humphrey Bogart). Also, Philip Carey's character in Somerset Maugham's HUMAN BONDAGE is spiritual. He is sensitive for many reasons. He is interested in art and tries to become a painter, but unlike the artist Strickland MOON and SIXPENCE he has no real talent. So he decides to focus on medical research, which is underlined by the club's leg condition. Here he is a low self-esteem man who is betrayed. <br /> <br /> Philip believes that betrayal is in the form of Mildred Cockney (Bette Davis), a mercenary who is selfish when they come. Why Philip falls against him is not really dealt with in the film, but he thinks the woman is exciting. And he finds a simple meal ticket for him. Ironically, if this bitch is so fascinated, Philip doesn't notice two more women who are interested in it (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee), and they are more suited to their companionship. He will also forgive Davis if he has things with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - the last Howard friend). <br /> <br /> Although Howard's performance confirms the inclination of Philips Mmatred's inclination, it does not really show enough passion (until the movie is delayed when it turns on). That is why I find that I have never cared for my idea here - it has no reality. With his subsequent torture with GONE WITH WIND, he loves Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh, is more in love with a loving man. But Davis's Mildred performance makes the film important. Until 1934, he had many different parts, such as a deaf pianist girl who played the god, or a corrupted heir who was murdered in FOG OVER FRISCO or a mouse-like secretary in three places. As Mildred finally showed, she can be a big actor when she is a female. When he uses and abuses Howard two-thirds of the film that culminates in the famous scene where he shows his kissing against him, his last scene has shown that his health can deteriorate and his inability to keep honest jobs. When Howard rejects her, the viewers can't see how cruel she changes (she asks what happened to her child - she tells her that the child died and Howard says harshly that she is happy with what she's waiting for ). Finally, Howard finally gets his life, but Mildred stops the accident (ironically his death, which his old boy Denny discovered during a medical call). The Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences was unable to name Davis in 1934 (which led to this greatest writing campaign and a permanent change in its rules), but Davis was created as a star. In one year, he won Oskar as Joyce Heth in DANGER. After two years, he played with PETRIFIED FOREST again with Howard (equal letters).
