The concise accent of Bette Davis in this film is absolutely terrible. I fully understand that Americans and other nationalities may not understand it and that is fine; But believe me, it's about half as good as Dick Van Dyke's cocktail accent Mary Poppins, and it was the right load of the old pony (slipped into the London native language - many apologies). <br /> <br /> The remarkable thing about me is that strange accents and exaggerated action styles do not damage the power of films. Human Bondage is an exciting cinema despite its superficial mistakes. It must also be seen in the future. The time and technical constraints of making a film must be evaluated and given these constraints, John Cromwell is doing a great job of managing the camera and allowing narrative to develop more kinematically than just behavior and strange dialogue. A good example of his skillful direction is the Victoria Station scene. It is beautifully designed, photographed and edited. Also note the inclined fragment of Mildred at the end of the film; they owe more to the first days of making an artistic film than the sanitary, formal world of that studio, which was almost dominant. <br /> <br /> The film's subjects are universally familiar and compelling: sexual obsession, unfair love, frightened passion, dignity, manipulative relationships, social divisions, and youthful stupidity. Although dialogue is often quite a hackney, the complex task of the inner life of these themes and characters is well solved, albeit of little importance. Some obsession and emotional rebound scenes are uncomfortable to look at, but the story doesn't go into the cliché; we are aware that characters (even poisonous Mildred) are both victims and perpetrators, and that their actions are motivated by their mutual understanding and deliberate selfishness. Although the naive style reaches the complex heart of human condition and the nature of behavioral and occasional grid changes does not diminish the correctness of the work. <br /> <br /> A human bond was one of the films that came out of Bette Davis in Hollywood, and if you look at it, you are aware that you are witnessing the birth of a career. His unusual beauty and charisma on screen (no one flounced or denied as Mrs Davis) grab her attention on her first appearance. Although she is definitely a memorable filmmaker, Leslie Howard is an excellent and sensitive student, Philip Carey. However, they are a good combination of why he didn't help him with this terrible, terrible accent ??
