This movie is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is the woman the men have drawn. Not because she is a nice beautiful girl, but because she is a sexual unit. Now the movie doesn't come out or say it, but it's obvious. There is a scene in the movie where men see her over the eye. She works as a waitress in the cafe, she can't read and she doesn't really look at anyone, but she's flirting. It is obvious that there are men in this café because of him. One day a Phillip club stepped into a painter's student shop to say good-bye to his friend, but he will change the moment he sees him. He starts buying his stuff, even paying for his apartment. In the meantime, he sees other people and he doesn't recognize it. He dreams about him as he is an angel, but he is not an angel. He constantly thinks of him. His school classes have even failed. So what the nookie is too good for. She wants to marry her, but she rejects her because she marries another man. He always lets Phil know he doesn't have a love feeling all the time. He's broken heart, but he meets another woman. They look good, but it is obvious that he still dreams of Bimbo. Mildred goes back with the child and doesn't want to. Phillip takes it in again, but he's gonna go out with his friend, the light bulb starts a little and he's gonna kick him out. He does what he knows, so he tries to attract him, it doesn't work well and he continues to burn his tuition. Oh, we have a leg of the club that has problems, even though the street teenager with the same problem tells him to make it easier. She meets another girl named Sally. We've got a March time montage that shows her aging when she struggles to wait for her in Mildred. Well, he has no training, no job. Finally, Sally and her father take her in. Not before the second March, an assembly that shows him downhill. Soon his uncle, who raised him, died, and he gets the money for a doctor. In the meantime, he finds Mildred needs him again. He has tuberculosis. in the meantime, he still drives Sally on the Primros road and hires a steamer. Finally, bimbo dies and Phillip announces that he is now free and he is married to Sally. I wanted him to tell him to take it. Now I know my characters are taking me to the point. But I feel Phillip was a bad man. Yes, Mildred is Strump, but he knows it and he comes back. Medium if he has two more girls who love him but treats himself. I think sex was not so good. But in any case, he dogs are the women who are waiting for Mildred. Not only that, but Mildred's pregnant man is already married and when Philip asks him what he's going to do with Baby (probably the baby's name), he laughs, he's not going to support him and Baby, and he's wealthy. Sally's father, who has 9 children, speaks of pretty young women, but he is said to be an old tradition. Philip doesn't shine his feelings. Men use Mildred as a Boy Game, but the men of this movie come out so they don't touch. Yes, he was not a respectable woman, but far from a criminal. For me, Philip was a real problem and his sexual obsession with Mildred.
