After 21 films and three years of working in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got the role he said he had demanded, which made him a force to be considered. Like Mildred Rogers, Davis exploded a completely sliding reporter who becomes the target of Leslie Howard's affection and who already wants to suck his teeth into such a role, had no harsh things that his meaning meant doing it throughout the movie and terribly what he was going through. It has also been widely observed that his presentation here, one of the few things that makes it a bit uneven in film, has been one that is remembered even after two transformations and the scenes he ripped to Howard have made cinema history. After about 85 minutes, the story moves at a nice pace, telling the story of Philip Carey (Howard), because his life is over and over again the life of the destructive Mildred Rogers. <br /> <br /> Howard and Davis' chemistry is all but non-existent - Davis stayed alive in the interview later, he himself didn't care much about Howard's ice-off against him and it helped him to act even worse (by nature) than Mildred. However, these two seem uncomfortable with each other; Their scenes are still rigid, only the rescued wild acidity of Davis brings its own lines and its nervous presence. What's more, Cromwell has some certainty about himself that will not come through from time to time - he will try to fill the space (if Davis is not there) with the dissolution and assembly that refer to the passage of time (changing calendar) Frances Dee). Then a lot of style. It was before the emergence of technical and complex camera angles, and in essence, the visual story is a simplified, empty, important translation of the Somerset Maugham novel, which speaks a lot because on the 600 pages of "People", even when it is really difficult to film a movie. <br /> <br /> Storywise, it seems that Philip Carey can be a punishment because there is no noticeable sexual attraction or compound between Mildred and Mildred, which Mildred will never hide his dissatisfaction. Howard's presentation never seems to go through many external emotions - his eyes are constantly sad, his expression never disappears from afar (he can almost be far from cousin William Hurt's "Random tourist" that was abandoned, painful, and completely inactive), but is probably part of his character and the reason he doesn't see that other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) make themselves vulnerable to unknown feelings. Interestingly, Johnson Norah, when he understands that Carey will never be against him, is the one who summarizes the story with his observation that people are related to other people - he's involved with Carey, because Carey is related to Mildred and Mildred himself is associated with Miller (or men who are responsible for the role of the service provider). His short but memorable scene has a story of moral character.
