Well, here's another terrible example of the uncomfortable 70's making a movie! "What's the question with Helen?" is quite shocking and disturbing, but it is presented in a stylish and complicated way! Any other film crew would surely have turned into a nasty and sharp use, but directed by Curtis Harrington ("Who longed for aunt Roo?") And the scriptwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush ?? almost enchanting blend of themes and genres. The film's main picture is definitely terrible, but there are many more to experience, such as love stories, the atmosphere of the 1930s and all the singing and dancing! This provision undoubtedly makes this film unique. We have literally interrupted the 1930s, where there is an overwhelming cloud of music, religion, theater performance and wardrobes of this era. After a lengthy and exhausting trial that sentenced his sons to imprisonment, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) fled to California and are trying to start a new life with a young talented girls dance school. Especially Adelle adapts perfectly to the new environment when she falls in love with a local millionaire, but the poor old Helen is still falling into insanity and paranoia. He only listens to the shame of the radio gospel, fears that he will be punished for crimes committed by his son and slowly develops violent trends. Although the script is well written, and although the film is not completely error-free, it is enough. "What's the question with Helen?" There is never a dull moment, though the songs, dance and tango sequences are quite extended and not much related to the actual plot. But the atmosphere is constantly evil and the film is definitely useful for Shelley Winters' terrific performance. She's just as frightening as the unpredictable and introverted lady who starts to shut down any second, and especially in the last ten minutes she looks more sharp than all Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees 'and Michael Myers'! There are a number of terrible supporters who are unfortunately underdeveloped and abducted from their potential, such as Michéal MacLiammóir as a damn vocational teacher, Agnes Moorehead as a horrible priest, and Timothy Carey as a confused visitor to her house. We have a couple of surprisingly frightening scenes and moments of real shock to enjoy our great Guignol fanatic, but especially the pieces and costumes (even Oscar nominees) are breathtakingly set.
