I had been watching (and registering) on ​​local television a couple of years ago and after losing it, I deleted the tape later; but when MGM released it as part of "Midnite Movie" double DVD, Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters movies at a very affordable price, I couldn't give that second look (it's already passed) of-print). Actually, I got a few months ago on the DVD, but only now, after Harrington passed, did I get it; Fortunately, this time I was more receptive to the film, and now I think it's one of the most satisfying people who have been accepted by BABY JANE? (1962) imitations (with whom they also shared scriptwriter Henry Farrell). <br /> <br /> The film offers a great 1930s depression in America - with its parent craze and sensational murders (used during counterfeiting). opening the newspaper); it is stylishly designed (defendant Lucien Ballard's cinematography and Eugene Lourie's design) and is effective for David Raksin's score. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds, and Michael MacLiammoir deliver excellent results; The latter is particularly impressive when life is a bigger and vaguely bright speaker (although he really proves just red herring!). Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead are also represented (he is only a coat, indeed, as he usually plays through the radio when he hears the gospel). <br /> <br /> Many seemed to regret adding musical numbers to children (including the amusing Mae West imitation), but I personally didn't disturb them; the film does not go slightly over the welcome due to the hasty and (perhaps unnecessarily) twisted plot. Reynolds - the musical star himself - is perfect for owning a dance school and, despite his on-the-spot competition, works well with Winters. The latter actually gives a more balanced image of paranoia and insanity than WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? (1971); The narrative comes up with a number of ironic twists leading to the expected Grand Guignol-type denouement. Apparently the film was tinted (originally contained more gore and even a recommendation for lesbianism!) By Martin Ransohoff - against Harrington's wishes - to get PG rating ...
