The most strange cinematic artworks are the "Grand Guignoli's Big Women": camp horror films that combined top-melodrama with gothic excitement and were always celebrated by an experienced and almost forgotten actor in the Hollywood Golden Age for the extinction of long-suffering victims or carving of evil harps. This genre gave them an unusual play that once again allowed the screen to screen and win yesterday's new generation at the expense of their glamorous images. <br /> <br /> "What's the question with Helen?" The last drop of this genre with stunts for both Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as the two convicted criminals who fled their past in the 1930s sunny California to unlock the curious mother who wants their daughters to be the next Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie gets luck, customers, tango, dance dancing and new love (Dennis Weaver meanwhile, Shelley gets terrible setbacks, threatening anonymous speeches, intimidating strangers, threatening Agnes Moorehead's radio evangelist, cute little rabbit (!) And unfortunate exposure to an electric fan (ouch!)) <br /> <br /> Sloppy Script (a man written by Henry Farrell, who started with all this genre "What happened to Baby Jane" with Master Director Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) is full of holes in the plot, red herring and wasted opportunities that could make this movie big: the main topics of twisted maternity (with Debbie and Shelley characters as "failed mothers" and redundant mothers. child stars) and obsessive female tying (Debbie's and Shelley's relationship and the fact that some of the male characters in this movie is either bad or stupid even Dennis Weaver's dream ship Texan) Debbie Rey Nights musicals dancing and dancing, though fun to watch, which is too psychological cooler. But still this movie is a lot of fun. Two stars and Curtis Harrington's stylish direction easily overcome its drawbacks. Entertainment in the 1930s films is colorful and elegant (see Debbie clothes!), Made from a very tight budget. The growing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is truly horrible with the shocking final that haunts you in the days. And you just don't forget that the silly "Goody, goody" song is going through the movie. And seeing the increasingly insane Shelley Winters screw, every Debbie Reynolds chance of success! <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10.
