A little movie noir image that proved Welles to be able to build very well, can make a great genre in the budget and timely and ironically proved its greatest success in the box office in the forties and MACBETH, a non-budget Shakespeare in the old western 23 days arrives SHANGAI LADY, a dark film noir, woven from the same fabric of Wellesian Myths that covers MAGNIFICENT AMBERSON, MR. ARKADIN and all the other films that the director could not save from the studio's superior clutches. <br /> <br /> Six years after MALTES FALKON, along with the postwar movie, in full swing, Welles always, before his time, was a true visual artistic vision visionary that saw a world of shades that is already darker, more sinister, paranoid and serpentine as something that his contemporaries did at that time. It is no wonder that the film was so misunderstood at that time that one full-length film remained on the floor of the cutting room forever, and this was once again the Europe that fought this second Welles classic. <br /> <br /> Some sets stand out. Aquarium scene with flashing light and ominous shadows, and of course Funhouse / Mirror Hall finale, a classic piece of Wellesian bravura like CITIZEN KANE or TRIAL. The only mistake I find in the movie is Welles' unwanted Irish accent and perhaps some of the irregular edits made in the first law. The story, however, is gradually opening up incredibly, which is only reinforced by cuts. I believe that the great chopped versions of Shangai and Amberson will achieve a surreal quality for this issue. <br /> <br /> Welles in exile in Europe for ten years and returning in 1958 to offer another classic classics, monumental TOUCH OF EVIL, perhaps a crowning jewel of a movie, which was already falling. Shangai was not successful in the top list if it had to have been a Hollywood premiere, Rita Hayworth, and Welles' marriage to Hayworth ended before the movie was released. Sixty years later and one hour less material, Shangai is still one of the best film noir images that are likely to be discovered. Certainly, it must take something into consideration.
