Despite the love of Rita Hayworth, finding the last couples of the film and taking some of the "symbolic" aspects of cinematography, Shanghai Lady didn't really work for me. I had a problem with most of the performances, the scenario, and the overall structure. And in a movie that has talked to people in different situations, it is quite a problem. Shanghai's smile reached me a very low C or 7. <br /> <br /> Lady from Shanghai is really all about Orson Welles' character Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in a central park truck ride and hits him. Later he will save him from looting and he will shine him. O'Hara is a seaman from Ireland, and Elsa is owned by his wife Arthur (Everett Sloane), a very famous and powerful California defender. They talk to O'Hara about their work, despite their initial reservation - it seems to him and the audience that Elsa is just looking for someone to do with it, and O'Hara does not want to take part in his hunt, Strange Man, George Grisby (Glenn Anders) who says he is Arthur's partner will appear in the entrance port and start to trouble. Finally, Grisby O'Hara asks for a very dubious and dangerous scheme. Crazy, O'Hara agrees. Of course, he's going to be quite difficult, and finally some mysteries appear. <br /> <br /> Maybe my problems with the film are that until now I am not exactly Orson Welles' big fan and here he produces, writes, directs and consumes most of the screen time. I've not seen most of Welles' work mostly yet, but I've rather liked his later films when he got a little more fun and productive. I love F Fake (Vérités et mensonges, 1974) and I even like his performance at the casino in Royale (1967) when he was sure he was allowed to do magic tricks in the baccarat table, but Citizen Kane (1941) didn't do it never a lot for me, despite having given him 3 or 4 chances over the years (including about a year ago; my rating was low 7 - the same as my current score for Lady from Shanghai). <br /> <br /> Welles' performance and the dialogue he has written are both influenced and pretended by me. He's a little motormouth, a bit blurry and a bit monotonous - he tends to sound like he's been reading. His performance reminded me of what I have seen from Welles's version of Moby Dick (listed in IMDb as 1999, but "ready" in 1971, which can also be seen in Orson Welles: The One-Man Band (1995)), where he seems to be just reading the camera and believing that it is by nature is extremely dramatic. I am also someone who almost never talks about accents, but somehow Welles is able to influence my Irish accent and pretend to me. <br /> <br /> For other shows, I think Hayworth did a great job. Of course he is proud of not being painful. Here's a lot of eyes. Like Welles, Sloane also seemed to me a little affected and pretentious - I never bought my character, lack and so on, and Anders is just odd if the odd doesn't seem right. Welles often strikes him in the neighborhood and Anders has almost all the exaggerated, manic expression of his sweaty face. <br /> <br /> Structurally, Lady from Shanghai is very uneven. The first 50 minutes are very delicate and soap operative, although soap opera treatments tend to approach the inclined incline. When Grisby introduces its scheme, things get a little bit and mostly heal when we end. But by the time the Shanghai woman turns into a crime / mystery film, it's too late, and it will soon become a sudden and exciting end that has almost failed, and will become relatively fast to its relative end is more action-oriented, less dialogue, harder, more diverse and more exotic, sometimes rather abstract. Welles is a skilful leader of this material combination. If The Lady Shanghai had been largely combined with a combination of crime / mystery and artistic end, she could have been at least 9. The final scenes are easily 10's, as Welles shifts from Hitchcock's exchange scene to the second tight scene of the Chinese Opera in the Chinese Opera in San Francisco. Funhouse climax uses cinematography, which was experimental in its time. It is well integrated with the script, because it allows complex resolution and heats up many symbols. <br /> <br /> Cinematic art is interesting, even if it can't usually solve problems. Welles blocks skillful scenes. There are many attractively filmed settings, from Central Park to Acapulco and San Francisco to various locations. Welles effectively creates symbolic wallpapers for their activities, from high heights and Acapulco's powerful drops to labyrinthine Caribbean streets, to the beautifully framed and silhouette frames of the San Francisco Aquarium, and so on. Romance material, for which the aquarium is a single background, is quenched interestingly throughout the film, but on the other hand, this romance is ever more romantic. <br /> <br /> Certainly the Welles fans will appreciate the Shanghai Lady much more than I do, and of course it is worth seeing if you love Rita Hayworth. A lady based in Shanghai is, in my opinion, not exactly a terrible film, but it is dangerously close to not "passing". Continue with caution.
