In NYC, the sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) rescues the kidnapping and rape of Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) because he takes a horse and carriage through Central Park - and lives to repent. Titian-Hair Hayworth is this platinum blonde; as dazzling as freshly fallen snow, but not nearly as clean ... <br /> <br /> To make this dividing line more exposed, "noir" would be criminal. It is just as deceptive as the mirrors used for cataclysm in the final scenes, but the film has many darker secrets: From the NY Times: "The Shadows of Childhood: The Hidden Story of Black Pac Murder" by Mary Pacios, who was 5 when she was a 15-year-old Bette Short-friendly, short cuts, interviews with friends and companions, as well as a detailed, speculative analysis of Orson Welles, especially regarding his film "The Lady From Shanghai". According to Ms. Pacios, the film and the related archival materials have many of the same ritual elements associated with the Short murder, she raises the question: has Welles been a killer? Interesting theories - and the success of the books "Black Dahlia" are much more apparent. Fritz Lang's "The Big Heat" (1953) was a Roman-a-cf who talks about killing "Dahlia" in "Nets" town, which was LA - but it's Orson's "Dahlian was" practical "connection. In reality, Bugsy Siegel (and the 1940s Hollywood mob wars)" Dahlia "... but it does not deny much of what Pacios wrote, almost all Hollywood crossings with Elizabeth (" The Black Dahlia ") Short and her story / aura / legacy / curse is encoded in several golden age films. <br /> <br /> "Black Dahlia" was always on "Shanghai" peripheral edges - before she started filming. Barbara Payton is Franchot Tone: "It was when he thought to make "The Lady From Shanghai" before he lost the chance to Orson Welles, Franchot said he was in bad condition when he came to Dahlia. Formosa * Goldwyn Studios ... "* The floor above the Formosa café was Bugsy Siegel's office and" Dahlia "again / again" girls ". <br /> <br /> It gets deeper and darker - after The abduction of 1951 between Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Franchot Tone, who sent Franchot to the hospital with irritation and "no longer tells the same way," said Barbara, she married Tone just to Neal. "Tom (" Bypass ") Neal also knew" The Dahlia "(who didn't do it?) And became obsessed - John Gilmore's" LA Despair ":" January 1947 killed a young beautiful actor Elizabeth Short, Known as "The Black Dahlia" One of the toughest murders in crime seasons Tom Neal, nicknamed World War II, launched a project called "Who Killed Black Dahlia?" Potential producer Gene Harris: "Somebody has to make more imaginative business proposals than Tom Neal and his cohorts ..." Not long time right t: "It would be very clear one beautiful day. when Tom slips into his beautiful new Palm Springs wife when he put on his couch, and shot 45 lines through his head. "Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) knew" Dahlia "and their stories It seems that anyone who crosses" Dahlia "(like an old black cat) was blinded by the" Twilight Zone "and / or later had an incredible happiness Tone / Neal / Welles are just a few - and it includes a polished movie "The Lady From Shanghai" ... "Lady From Shanghai" took two years, thanks to extensive re-rating - and all because Columbia President Harry Cohn did not understand the story. It is a dark "noir" to be sure - one of the darkest, in fact. It is also a bad satire in a new age of atoms. <br /> <br /> Nicolas Christopher: <br /> <br /> "Shanghai" pulls out a nuclear-apocalypse subtle and contains the final rumor statement of the atomic bomb and the American city. The main murder victim of the movie (and there are many), psychotic and double lawyer, masterfully sees Armageddon every step of the way, claiming that he can "feel" Geneda far to the Pacific Island - a particularly acidic part of Welles, because that was the year the US began testing nuclear bombs at a location just outside the Bikini athlete, moving all the inhabitants and destroying the entire ecosystem. For Bikini's time, it seems that Hayworth's erotic identification with a bomb seems to be institutionalized, blessing the military bride; the first bomb fell on a Pacific test site called "Gilda" and Hayworth's image in a provocative dress painted directly on its shell ... "<br /> <br /> It is ironic that Orson Welles' wide interpretation of Ireland is considered to be detrimental to many films. that "Michael O'Hara" is only a storyteller - not a story, although it revolves around him. "O'Hara" is in contradiction with the shark Feature for the whole movie: Sick eating is not going to end until there is nothing left. "Michael O'Hara "lives to talk about the story." "Elsa Bannister" causes "O'Hara" during the litigation nutrition advises that he has been drilled to not feed people to the Roman Coliseum, spectators are nervous with their nerve, worship and carry Elsa - the human aquarium, associated with the San Francisco Sea Museum Sequence. It is a human condition ... except for "Michael O'Hara" to spend his life trying to forget his past ("Elsa") or die. "Elsa" is part of "Michael" and lu Gu eats his tail to the end and the viewer is warned to stay out of trouble.
