Lady From Shanghai is strange even according to the standards of her outstanding director, Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood movie was for many months. This is a kind of postmodern film made at a time when such traditional films were quite popular, and it concerns a happy happy Irish sailor (playing in Welles) who falls with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, who was married to Welles at that time) and her exhausted and apparently an impotent man played by Everett Sloan with meaningless and malicious joy. There is a long seafaring, where Welles is lucky like a bodyguard, and the plot thickens when Sloan's lawyer (Glenn Anders) rises and struggles to give strange speeches about suicide and other illnesses suggesting that a man is in a spiritual division. All the accidents are being tracked to the plot of murder and Welles and his employers, and here's a story that has been at an unpleasant pace and talked about, from the deep end, and the last part of the film consists of brilliant director sets that seem to have been thrown into some newspaper and urgency of the film, not in itself peculiar and the result is very traceable and often pleasant all the time incomprehensible confusion. > <br /> It's hard to know what Welles was trying to do with this movie when he might restart his career in Hollywood, making his wife a vehicle. But self-destruction interferes, as is often the case with Welles, and Miss Hayworth has never seen less pulling. The fact that she is also like a femme fatale seems peculiar, because besides her beauty, her most attractive line was the personality of the screen, which was the beauty and quality she didn't have in this picture. The director himself is O'Hara, (probably) a strange unpleasant and hammy for a mild sailor because Welles didn't feel easy to work as a man for all his many gifts. It is a role that twenty or thirty years later Sean Connery or Robert Shaw managed to breathe in. Welles doesn't. The most interesting feature of the movie is Glenn Anders, such as Grisby, Sloan's natural, deceptive legal partner. Anders does some wonders and has been photographed to look odd, while his scenes end with odd, sour notes and are often edited; but for all this, he succeeds in making Grisby's descent to be sensitive and disturbing, and is looking forward to the method designers of the fifties, such as Timothy Carey, being <br /> <br />. About this movie: What was Welles trying to say? He was a very talented and intelligent person and tended to make statements in his films, which, whether or not he agrees with his worldview, were perfectly presented. I think I have an answer or a partial: Welles sum up his film career. He had reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. Lady from Shanghai is not exactly a nose-thumbing in the day's studio mogul, but I suspect that this is an portrait of large lawyers (read: producers) who portray Welles's opinion of power brokers in Hollywood. He talks to himself as a seaman without roots. Welles himself was definitely an intruder and rarely lived in one place for a long time. He hired in the studio to offer him a big, prestigious film (Citizen Kane) that caused many contradictions he never completely recovered. It may be a question that dares not to talk about the name in this film, that is, Wells' personal failure if he could not overcome the novelty of his college and his inability to deliver the goods, as promised. The only thing he got up in Hollywood, like his mere presence in the film, was unable to stop the catastrophes that were not under his control. As he introduced himself to the film as a friendly, naive stranger, Welles shows a part of self-consciousness. He was a lot in the inner game when he shot, and I imagine he despised his knowledge of the effects of life on the world and of himself so much.
