After CITIZEN KANE in 1941, Hollywood leaders turned their horses back to Orson Welles. Except KANE, Welles lost all creative control over MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, JOURNEY INTO FEAR and many other future films. Welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most common filmmaker when Hollywood needed some more. SHANGHAI LADY is another example of the misunderstanding of Welles' movies, a film that seems a bit cumbersome and free. It has the usual premise of the 1940s, which was spoken in the most unusual way, and I am sure some scenes reached the floor of the cutting room. Now it is a legend that the Columbia mogul, Harry Cohn, rose in the first screening and asked what it was. In retrospect, many of the old studios that ran studios at that time had no idea that the masterpiece from Orson Welles and SHANGHAI LADY was almost very large because of their invasion. <br /> <br /> Besides being the biggest director of all time at Welles, he was also quite a performer. In the 25's, we all know what he did like "Charles Foster Kane", the most famous film history character. Here he lives with rare twilight and not much intelligence, familiar with Welles' other great work. Slick, instead of a clever language, speaks with a rough, Irish twang. Rita Hayworth (her unfortunate married wife) is unhappy with a married husband who puts Welles in a spell and is able to put her into work, leading her to fraud and frustration. He is a big tail, perhaps even murdered, but the real secret lies in the relationship between Hayworth (stunning blonde hair) and Ukko Everett Sloan (CITIZEN KANE) Bernard Sophie. Sloane's horrible partner is all over the country to set off a number of unique events with Welles' Michael O'Hara's main thrill. Welles tells the picture of O'Har, but things are still unclear. See yourself and realize that it takes at least 2 views to know exactly what's up. <br /> <br /> An unnaturally strange courtroom sequence is concentrated around "O'Hara" where Sloane protects her. This is a strange comic scene with some terrible ways of judging, including Sloane's cross-examination. I didn't feel like laughing here because the movie was standing at that moment after the first part that could never come off. Until then, cinematic art is great, some scenes are photographed with crafts and skills (the aquarium love scene), but elements and us, the audience, are not drawn separately. Against Welles's requests (ordered by 10 Hayworth neighborhoods) and Cohn's demand, the terrible song sung by the constellation was thrown away. Gaudy's score blessed Welles, who was left out of the editing process again. Thanks to Welles himself, the movie was completely recorded at the end of the tournament, which is always valuable. The "mirror hall" scene brings buffs back and forth, rightly so. <br /> <br /> This must be seen as believing and doing a good job of wrapping up some confusing ideas. The crash of mirrors is a disappointment for "O'Hara" and "crazy house" is a work of art and a decorated decoration. It seems like a state of mind rather than a real place and is indeed "crazy", twisted and turned like in the land of Dali. This is a great end to a mistake in the picture that alone would probably have made AFI top 100. Then maybe another 3 or 4 more Orson Welles movies have made all the collective "best" lists when he left alone to create his own magic. <br /> <br /> NOTE. Look for Merces players who are so prominent in Welles' pictures. They appear up. ASSESSMENT: 8/10
