When I looked at one of Orson Welles' latest contributions to Hollywood as a filmmaker, I knew I was watching a big movie, although sometimes I didn't know why. The story of the Shanghai Lady is the main elements of the film: the average Joe leader, the femme fatale, the striking supporters and the understandable complexity of the plot. It's an entertaining ride, and it is filled with Wells 'unique gift manager, but there are scenes that just don't work or feel full of Welles' full vision (the latter is unfortunately guilty of being too precise manager Harry Cohn and Columbia execs) . <br /> <br /> Welles stands for his wife, deeply proud of Rita Hayworth, the Irish worker Mike O'Har who can and does angry with the right people. Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein at Citizen Kane), accompanied by a friend of Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control in his eyes). They want to sail on their yacht and take O'Hara for the ride, and at first it is reluctant, but agrees that he has fallen for a married lady. When their trip opens, O'Hara finds that Bannister and Grisby don't like about Grisby, who initially looks out of his pumpkin. However, when the plot opens, O'Hara is drawn to the scam Grisby is planning to receive insurance money, the results of which are not dare to reveal (although they have been discussed with others). <br /> <br /> Regardless of the mysterious part of the story here and there (and the few noticeable moments where the images were dictated by the studios), the film's performances and looks are still over fifty-five years old. Although he has no terrible Greg Tolland (Kane DP) on his side, the trusted Charles Lawton Jr. Welles creates an elegant and rugged atmosphere that is covered with shadows, deep focus, low corners, works. A particular achievement is the mirror of the amusement house, which is simply highlighted. Welles himself is always a sure actor - even if his accent is nothing special - and Hayworth himself makes the scene a bit more lush, despite his journey story. <br /> <br /> Lady from Shanghai is worth a look, especially for Welles, Hayworth or movie-goats (fans of Coen's brothers can also find it exciting). It may take some time to repeat the views (as was the evil touch) that the plot's underlying motifs would sink.
