These are excerpts from nine pages of "Memo to Mr. Cohn from Mr. Welles", written after Orson had seen an edited version of Harry Cohn's picture of the studio mogul (he took an hour): <br /> <br /> "... headline music has been written by first-class composer George Antheil, although it hasn't been written for our picture at all, this temporary atmosphere of the darkness and threat of headline music was something lush and romantic that made it acceptable ... The only musical idea that seems to be with this current composer ( Heinz Roemheld) has become quite tired of using a popular song - "subject" - in as many agreements as possible. "Please don't kiss me" for almost every bridge, and lots of background material that is nice, it can do well on Hit Parade, but from Shanghai Lady is not a musical comedy .Rem Roemheld is an old-fashioned type of scary devoted devotee who is now called our busines s "Disney." In other words, if someone falls off, he or she will miss the sound of the orchestra, etc. If the lab had scratched initials and phone numbers all over the negative, I couldn't be unhappy. results ... Immediately before going abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, editor) to make a cut, which would mean that the taxi cab would go off, and also a lot of dialogue. I am convinced that this would have been an excellent piece ... saving a lot of the necessary material in a slow opening sequence (this was not done, reflecting the main weaknesses of the film opening reel) ... There is nothing that is Rita's diving to justify a big orchestral fight .. What is Rita's beauty ... the evil overtones suggested by the character of Grigsby, and the confusion of Michael. All or all of these elements can inspire music. Instead, diving is treated as a great climax in Silly's symphony or for a moment: the habit of Pluto's Pup or the wild jumping of Donald Duck into space ... There is no sound atmosphere on the ship. A little wind and water have remained very little. It doesn't make sense to take a scene on a real boat if you do it like it would happen in front of the process screen ... At the start of a picnic ride ... in a temporary score we used a very curious sexy Latin American strain ... It has been replaced by a nervous "dramatic" sequel - with bad stock. Such music destroys the quality of the oddity that is exactly what could have saved Lady Shanghai from being just another generation ... After the Grigsby line there is a big musical outbreak, "I want you to kill him." It's absurd ... The Hawaii guitar music that came out on the radio was supposed to be bright enough to make a particular satirical point. As it is now, it is at the same level as the rest of the points. No one in the audience should suspect we're kidding. The aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please do not kiss me" is again! ... The bad duplication and the bad score have destroyed the dead character of Michael's hat. A lot of time and effort had been made from the blow to the phone call. For some reason, it is all junked vague for the ship. As a result, the whole sequence seems boring ... Then the audience with Michael should feel that they have gone crazy. New duplicating work can only feel them suddenly falling asleep ... The battle of the guns with broken mirrors should not be supported by music. "... This final is obviously vulgar and represents an insurmountable loss to the end of the image." <br /> <br /> All these Orson changes were ignored
