In Japan, Ashura is a story that Demons are taking over the country. The assumption is much more complicated, but it must not be forgotten. Japan is confused about where the Demons occupy the land for a traveling person. Generally, demons look like humans, but they are evil. The Japanese word they use is not only demons, but the classic form of ogre, which is a mythological creature of some historical nature. We're talking about creatures that look more like gods than simple ugly child eating monsters. stress. Demon-Slayers is the world to save the Demons. Trained and qualified warriors who can meet and capture most of the demons and watch the journey between the world of hell and the real world. These are the main spaces. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a local city festival. In the midst of these festive events, three men dressed in black seem to intend to do harm. The villagers run, except those who are demonic in nature who turn green and try to kill them. Demon-Slayers kill most demons. Here the story becomes interesting. The whole nature of the story begins when a demon predicting the arrival of Ashura appears in front of the gate at the gate of hell. It comes to the end of man's rule, and the demon rule begins. However, Ashura needs some kind of maternity process, the first stage of which took place during the opening battle, but which will not be revealed to you before the film is seen. The three demons killer is a wise man, a powerful, but non-disciplined man, and a skilled and compassionate warrior. Immediately you see the gap between them, the old man who wants to stop the demons, the powerful who wants to saddle them with his growing ego maniacal desires and the third who wants to stop another. Along the way, he meets a woman with whom he starts to feel proud, and believes he has a special relationship. He is, in turn, a brigade who is benevolent and sought by the authorities. When both eventually face to face, he puts his hand on his shoulder and suddenly strikes him on his shoulder. Needless to say, a sign is not a good sign. What happens is the struggle for the earth, the fight between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​this movie was something different than I thought it would be. I thought it would be either a fast paced, demonic action movie or a horror film of evil and evil beings who like Ring and Ju. However, I was wrong in the best possible way. It seemed to me that it was a very old Japanese game to customize, and it plays like it, essentially combining activity-based adrenaline scenes with an excellent concept, amazing narrative and style that makes you think rather than sit in the gore. Many scenes are painted in a luxurious dialogue between two characters, which a Hollywood movie does not see. It will practically become a theater experience that will take your breath away. <br /> <br /> The film uses some wonderful landscapes and camera works that are comparable to many of the big Samurai movies in our days, but add a well-meaning and classic plot. With high-impact, great music and thoroughly stunning scenes, it must be respected in my book. <br /> <br /> That said, it needs a responsibility that it is not for everyone. This is not a cheap thrill of horror, its not balls in the wall of action. This is a horror game that has been filmed. It has a lot to say and it takes time to drive the face of a conventional lining. Like Japanese games, characters can be exchanged for several minutes before they come together for a quick but wonderful battle scene. If you can enjoy such a thing, it is a masterpiece. If your good movie idea is slippery slips with a small plot and excessive nudity then you can just look at something else. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a unique and amazing movie that keeps you riveted and amused. it has good writing, good action and good direction. All in all, it's a big movie.
