I have to admit that I am somewhat surprised and disappointed with some very negative comments that this film seems to provoke. I think it's a great horror / sci fi movie. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic space flight to Saturn. When in space he was a somewhat strange and unknown disease. She wakes up in bed in the hospital, she looks in the mirror and her eyes melt! As he escapes from hospital supervision, he hides a small town in the surrounding local forests. Unfortunately, he is beginning to develop a fast-growing hunger that can only be met by eating other people. He must feed the human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! The kidnapping of human imprisonment begins with its terrorist record! His mission is to find his old friend Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) and try to help him. She has to work alone because her boss Perry (Myron Healey) wants it to be very quiet. Nelson can't even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). But Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) becomes suspicious when General Perry rises just like some local townspeople start eating. I don't understand why this movie gets negative comments that people expect? Anyway, I like this movie. The film's star is undoubtedly Rick Bakers' special make-up and gore effects, which are largely excellent, and the fact that all their prosthetic effects and the terrible CGI of garbage make them even better. William Sachs, a writer and director, is not afraid to use them either, we get a long-lasting stroke of an incredible melting man and they are very good, even now. Photography, music and direction are a bit boring but professional enough. The script succeeds in creating some sympathy for the monster, his shots looking for a long time in the house of Ted Nelsons or when he sees his reflection in the water and reacts violently. The end that is set for a big factory is pretty tiny, so don't wait for a happy ending. What surprised me. Also, the script does not really make any assumption, it just walks through the alloy and killing, his friend is trying to stop him, maybe a little too easy. Personally, I think the worst film is when the fat cover runs slowly down the hospital corridor, and its hairs are also slow, it seems and sounds completely ridiculous! You have to believe it! I like this movie and recommend it to 70's and 80's horror / sci fi fans. A bit of my favorite.
