Many critics have felt that W. Fassbinder has portrayed both the film's main character Wilkie and the human similarity of the Nazis. However, witnesses from other Fassbinder films understand that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "female films" such as "Maria Braun's Marriage" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be better spoken to women than men" because, according to Fassbinder, men usually fulfill their assigned social roles, "women are able to think in a dialectic way". But dialectics means not only the thesis and its antithesis as usual in our black and white world, but the synthesis in which the contradictions overlap. Moreover, dialectics means that, because of the third stage of synthesis, the absolute opposition of the difference between doctoral thesis and antithesis is abolished. Specifically, starting from a dialect and a fascist state, underground fighters must necessarily use basic tools such as rulers, and there is therefore a quiet relationship between criminals and victims, so that every criminal is a victim and every victim is also an offender. Fassbinder has illustrated this abstract scheme that goes beyond classical logic in his "City, Garbage and Death" (1975), which was filmed by Daniel Schmid under the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976). <br /> Thus, as we approach a priori controversial topic such as the Nazi German dialect, the portrayal of this time in the form of a film becomes even more controversial, especially for people who cannot or do not want our world to be far from exhausted by the primitive light switch scheme. but needs a third stage of synthesis as a controversial dissertation and antithesis copy. The relationship between offenders and victims must be controlled, because it is simply not true that criminals are bad and the victims are good. From a synthetic point of view, bad people are involved in goodness, because good ones participate in malice. They are interconnected. In a classical logic-based world view, even a good and bad relationship cannot be created, and the ethics based on this inadequate logic system, the poor conscience of the Nazi Germany's survivors, the feeling (illogically enough) of those of their ancestors exclude the possibility of a link between the two extremes and thus the synthesis. in the form of a new assessment based on this form. From the dialectical point of view of Fassbinder, it follows that neither Lili Marleen nor Lola nor Maria Braun can blame the "misuse" of the ruling system for their own purposes, because they do not abuse them, they simply use them. On the contrary, as victims have to repeat the activities of the offenders because the offenders have to repeat the actions of the victims, because "good" and "bad" are no longer simple mirror images of each other, such as double logic, their strategies are a legitimate logic of a chiastical structure that describes our world, which does not not at all black and white, much better than black and white logic.
