Until the end of the 1990s, Jane Austen had never been a film based on Emma. Then came two years in the same year. Or, if you read the "Clueless" of 1995, which renews the Austen plot for a modern American high school, three in three years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from a family that works well in Regency, England. He is financially much better than most of Austen's heroes, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and has no need to find himself a rich spouse. Instead, his main concern seems to be to find spouses for his friends. He persuades his friend Harri to give up on the marriage of a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing Harriet should look at his ambitious clergy, Mr Elton. However, this scheme goes wrong because Elton has no interest in Harris but is in love with Emma. The speed with which Emma rejects her proposal is a wonder why she was so eager to fit with her friend's husband, whom she considers (reasonably) to be an inappropriate partner for marriage. This is the plot of Jane Austen, which shows that it is a less committed spinster than it seems, and she also finds she falls in love, leading to further complications. <br /> <br /> Today Kate Beckinsale is Hollywood star in 2008, but in 1996, despite being just a year younger, it wasn't nearly as well known as Gwyneth Paltrow internationally. However, he is as convincing as the heroine of Austen's good will, but often the wrong hero. Beckinsale seems to be a gift for classical roles - he made an amazing hero, Kenneth Branagh's "Much Ado about something" - and sometimes I think I want Hollywood to find more suitable roles for him than to waste him in turkeys like "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". <br /> <br /> I favored Jeremiah Northam Mark Mark as Emma's love for Mr. Knightley, mainly because he was closer to my own understanding of a gentleman, foolish older man, in some ways more of a father. draw Emma as a lover. (His surname is probably meant to show his gentleman of the 19th century, who liked to think of himself as a contemporary equivalent of medieval knights with his complicated military codes). Strong tends to relieve the age difference (he is 37, he 21) and makes Knightley more a passionate lover and less a wise mentor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actor going on to bigger things) is probably closer to the novel Harriet than Toni Collette. <br /> <br /> It was a two-volume version that was made for television rather than cinema, and kits and costumes seem less affluent and fewer names are cast. The drama of the costume, however, is generally something that British television does well, and this version may hold the cinema version; both are fun and well-made versions of Austen's novel. 7/10
