MGM has filmed the same sets as the English version, but in German, Garbo's second "Anna Christie" imagination in practice and his obviously simple German dialogue. Garbo seems to be relaxed and more natural in the directions of Jacques Feyder than Clarence Brown's and his quiet films have all disappeared, making his transition sound complete. The strength he brought to his character remains here, although it is softened, and Garbo shows more of Anna's vulnerability. The whole cast, except Garbo, is different from the previous version of the movie and Garbo will benefit if he doesn't have to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole every scene he had during the English version. In Feyder's film, Garbo is in the center of attention, although three supportive players, especially Dad, gave great performances. <br /> <br /> Feyder's direction was firmer than Clarence Brown and his camera use, and editing methods didn't seem to have changed the way the new sound process changed, as was Brown. The film moves more smoothly than the adaptation of English and the static nature of the first film is replaced by a stream that preserves the viewer's interest. Even William Daniels's cinematography seems to have improved during the shooting of the brown version. He hit the atmosphere of Garbo's luminescence and style docks. The adaptation of the scenario for the European audience was also made clear from the beginning Anna's profession and the clarity explains the viewers who were not familiar with the game, which was only in Brown's filming. However, the film was made before the introduction of the production manual, which made censorship puzzling. <br /> <br /> The Garbo Oscar's "Anna Christie" was always somewhat mysterious, and I suspected that the arrow was given more recognition for her relatively smooth transition to sound than her results. However, some Academy voters could see the German version of the film and they realized, as did today's viewers, that his "Anna Christie" towards Feyder was definitely worth Oscar.
