After Garbo introduced the sound to Clarence Brown "Anna Christie", Jacques Feyder made a German version of the film, where everything, except Garbo, was different. Although the American version is still available in the United States and most American viewers have seen this version, Germna's "Anna Christie" is more likely to be seen in Europe. As I've seen both movies, I feel the right to compare two closely related acts. Is Jacques Feyder's film different? Is it better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would first like to focus on what both films have in common. They have identical sets, very similar scripts and the same chronologically presented scenes. Here is also a story of a young woman who returns to her father a year ago after her father and tries to start a new life. Here you will also find the amusement park humorous, though a bit shorter. However, Garbo's own emphasis is on the first difference. He doesn't seem to be curious about this while talking. The viewer focuses more on his actions than on how he speaks, probably in the 1931 audience. Garbo was very good in American film, and here he is very good. However, it seems to me that he is even more real in the German version. It is noticeable that Garbo does not focus on how he says the words so much (the effort artificially created by the feeling: GARBO TALKS!). His German language is not very well expressed; nobody cares yet: everything is perfectly understandable. That's why I can just say the same as I did in my American version comment: Scale Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> But the movie is very different: the rest. Here's the question: what kind of imagination looks amazing, which one is better? The differences are full of varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's lifelong friend, does not do the same job as Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens. He's not bad, he's different, sometimes he's over (from today's point of view), but it's no longer as true as Marie Dressler, who is still interested in us and whose moments have been completely tried over time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film and that this opinion, although of course, seems questionable, bears the truth. Theo Shall is more reasonable than Matt than Charles Bickford, but when applied, it is not as much as it looks. <br /> <br /> Who shines in German "Anna Christie", who has really paid the most attention to Hans Junkermann's father, Chris Christopherson. George F. Marion vs Hans Junkermann is like a day and night difference. Junkermann is a true alcohol addict, a man with hope, with fears over his daughter's care. Anna's first meeting with her father is really great, opening Chris's conversation with Marthy is memorable, especially thanks to her facial expressions and flawless results. Junkermann is Chris who you like, who you sometimes laugh at, who you understand, who leaves a picture of a calm sailor in his mind. Great! <br /> <br /> If you've seen the American "Anna Christie" and you have the chance to get a German version, I'd advise you on this movie because it's a bit different story, nice and accurate For comparison, Clarence Brown's movie and especially the great chance to discover the admiration contest : Hans Junkermann's. Scale or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
