Fragile Carne, just before his big time. Although it is sometimes hesitantly targeted and violated by the longueurs, HOTEL DU NORD is full of the lost charm and beauty of French films from the late 1930s, as well as the relatively light touch of this director. All his great virtues are here: narrow interiors crushed by slipping, complicated and delicious camera movements; melancholic introduction of light and shadow; remarkable, poor Alexander Trauner settings, so evident that they, as the title suggests, take on their own personality; Maurice Jaubert's quietly mournful music; a seemingly random plot of romance, tragedy and fatalism that casts its symbols in the eye; exceptional performances by the greatest players of all time, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty. <br /> <br /> In fact, the biggest failure of a movie and I find myself astonishing (as someone who usually reduces its importance) is its script. It has a lot of pointlessness, but without the poem and irony of the regular Carne companion, Jacques Prevert, they didn't bring their best films, it couldn't prevent the cliché from slipping (even if it's only a cliche afterwards). <br /> <br /> The film, evidently set in a boarding house, creates its openness to a community that has two interconnected stories of lost love, emotional, metaphysical and actual isolation. The destroyed love scenario is the one that works the least well. Annabella is very beautiful, but not very good at doing tragic acts, while Aumont is inherently, though it may be, inherently obstruct real, sensitive, romantic. Maybe it's just me, but I have a hard odd, so young, so attractive, who after a couple of months is so desperate that they have to shoot each other. Their high flights are quite embarrassing. Of course, this is not meant to be credible - they are symbolic of the youth, the hope and the opportunity that is broken in France, or perhaps France itself, in despair, resignation, waiting for death. To be truly powerful, symbols must convince at the narrative level, which I do not think is right here. <br /> <br /> What it saves is the relationship between M. Edmond's story, the character of the great tradition of French gangsters. Although we are learning it only gradually, he is a killer who hides, a prostitute that is played by Arletty, who has been scamming his associates. In his previous "role" and in knowing his position, it is crucial - he had one set of attributes; Hiding it has taken its full opposite. Living quite purposefully in life, he has shaken thoroughly by the Covenant of Lovers and becomes fatalistic, knowing that stupidity is trying to deceive. <br /> <br /> In this way - a promise that man is less than human than a set of characters and that death is an inevitable reality, the most powerful masculinity must remain - Edmond is like a romantic prototype of Melville's clinical killers. With one exception - he gives a brief hope, a fraud that only strengthens - if it is not too intolerable irony - his deadly solution. <br /> <br /> All this could have been a trick if it wasn't Louis Jouvet's truly amazing performance. I had learned his theatrical work in college, but it was my first screen talent for taste, and he reveals himself as a dignified honor - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - giving a quiet nobleman a role which is rather a concept (he goes without saying that it is also allegorical) as a real person. Edmond begins the film with a small supporting character, but appears as a tragic hero of some power. Like all these great actors, Jouvet's glory lies in what he hides. <br /> <br /> At the official level, it is amazing when Carne has experienced Sirk's great Hollywood melodrama techniques ten years before flowering. Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli. Although her theatricality is lacking in the smooth and outstanding beauty of the modern German melodrama of Sierck (see the masterpieces of ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), her theme - trap, paralysis, resignation - fits into her style. <br /> <br The main motive of the film is water - loans float and dissolve, the hotel stands by the waterway - but instead of Renoir's open river we have a channel, stagnant and human activity, nowhere to go. The movie begins at the end of it and the setting never changes, except for one short space between which both refugees are assigned to return. Characters can escape only through death - their detention is emphasized by the narrow spaces they occupy, the walls and frames that hold them, windows that look out the exit they never can. Ultimately, any hope is deeply endangered as romantic.
