Team leader Ching Siu Tung's most popular achievement is this series, China Ghost Story 1-3. The Chinese ghost story marks Leslie Cheung in some distant past in China as a tax collector who is forced to spend the night in her "gathering trip" in a mysterious castle where some strange old warriors fight and meet. The beautiful actor Joey Wang / Wong is a ghost who lives in this castle and has dominated one powerful demon, a wooden devil who collects his souls for himself / herself with his beautiful ghosts. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and although the ghosts must not live with people, they decide to break this rule and to live happily with the rest of their lives. It is not what the wood devil thinks and our protagonists have to fight for their lives and happiness. <br /> <br /> This movie is no less full of magic than other Ching Siu Tung movies. His masterpieces are Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, all of which have incredible visual and kinetic power in their scenes. Ghost Story is full of brilliant lightning and a dark atmosphere, lightened by a beautiful and good-willed ghost. Impacts are just breaths and work on the big screen in their greatest power. The camera moves and spins all the time and adds a fairytale atmosphere to the atmosphere. There are also many wired tricks, and while some think they are free or stupid when using the movie, I can't agree and think they give the movies the magic, freedom and creativity that no other tool could give. When people are flying in such films, it means that the films are not just our world, and they usually represent things that are bigger than life with the power of the larger form of biota. <br /> <br /> The love story about love is quite touching and warm, but the problem is (again) that characters are too small and occasionally inexplicable. Leslie and Joey should have written with greater care and their characters should be even warmer, deeper and more authentic, to give the story more power and thus make the film an even more remarkable and important achievement. The message of this love and power is also under-emphasized at one point, and it should have simply been to interpret and find the mind of the viewer. Another negative question in the dialogue is that it is too much and people speak in this movie without reason. It is very irritating and unfortunately shows the mistakes many scriptwriters tend to make when writing their movies. People just speak and speak, and all this is just to make everything as simple as possible and so that the film is not too complicated or plausible because it has this free element. Just think of the films by the Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitano; her films have very little dialogue and everything is there, because she talks about her things with other cinema tools and never speaks or makes other marks in her movies too much. It's just the talent that writers should write to write larger scripts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, the Chinese Ghost Story is a very beautiful and visually breathable Eastern cinema, as well as the song played by the movie is very beautiful and hopefully earned a prize at the Hong Kong Film Awards. I will give China Ghost Story 7/10 and without the above-mentioned mistakes it would undoubtedly be a fantasy masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
