Joan Fontaine is absolutely convincing here as an immoral beauty who is perfectly capable of knowing love for someone other than herself. His wife (Richard Ney) has lost all his money in the way of his stupidity and extravagance, and has been reduced to living in a small room with little or no prospect. They continue to apply the most amazing clothes and go out and communicate as if something was wrong. She is a charming, unpleasant but completely friendly companion. But Fontaine decides she has to go because she has outperformed her. So he decides to poison him when he realizes he doesn't want to divorce him so he can move on. In the meantime, he has loved (Patric Knowles) whom he decides to fall because he is not rich. She meets an aging Herbert Marshall, who has all the trimming hunting and more money than even Fontaine can figure out how to spend. She targets her and decides she's doing fine. He's too eager to eat the young beauty. He's definitely not very exciting and has as much sex as yesterday's omelette. But Fontaine is one of those gals who have eyes only for money and a man who stands between him and it is transparent so that he does not notice or care what he looks like, he looks at him and sees what he really wants and goes for that. She is going to poison her husband and send her very properly and satisfactorily so that everything goes well. But as always in movies, and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things start to go wrong and tensions rise significantly so that Fontaine starts to sweat. Especially good is Fontaine, who sees anxiety and intimidation, and when the network closes her, her growing despair is felt and we have the edges of our seats. Hysteria and fear take over cool calculations and cunning. But he finds that his offender is the person of his expelled lover who is the innocent victim of his scheme to set him up. He's been sentenced to death for murder because the man's death with the poison suddenly appeared. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, who plays the heavily appointed Scottish yard inspector, thinks there may be something wrong and will doubt the story and suspect Fontaine. She closes her, and some scenes, as it happens, are inspired by the imagination of the most wild panic. But will an innocent person's life be saved before he is executed? Does Fontaine run out of it? Is Herbert Marshall defending him to protect him? This film is expertly staged by Sam Wood, and the film is a truly amazing intermittent thriller, which I think fits perfectly into the description of the higher film noir.
