Watching the sea was an interesting film experience. First, the general feeling was intense, internalized, claustrophobic and small. Every frame seemed to be the same photo, something very focused and not part of a larger picture. It was obvious what we look at in each frame. The physicality of the kit contributed to this feeling of smallness and intensity. The lights in the middle of the road cut the road in half and the tiny gate to a tiny settlement, followed by the small and the little eyelids that worked all over the city. Even the ocean view was framed by a small landing that can be counted on a longer number of grasses that wind in the wind. There are no panoramic views. In fact, he reminded me of the Moulin Rouge Montmarte series, where the camera focuses heavily on the windmill, again creating a small area where everything is happening. <br /> <br /> When the action was satisfactory, given that I really couldn't see how the lines really went, I felt these activities were too melodic and pointless. Why did Kikuno continue his way when Fusanosuke announced his impending marriage did not really seem? the people were not so much changed and the character Kikuno was so strong and durable that even if they were busy with the business of O-shin, the reaction seemed to be non-existent and unnecessary and disturbing. Another example of strange behavior was when Kikuno's drunk boy showed up and Ryosuke decided to intervene and down the stairs, the way he got up and threatened, stepped up the stairs, and the resulting struggle outside the reed was simply dissatisfied. Wasn't it like I like fighting scenes? au contraire ?? but it seemed a little dull and again too dramatic. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, if it wasn't a beautiful movie, it gave an interesting look to the darker side of prostitution (unlike geisha). Unfortunately, maybe it gave our expectations to disgusting women ("honey will give you contract" comments supported by redundant activities) and I seriously questioned whether the 19th century prostitutes really did this way. But when inside the house, the inner action became more interesting, lively and realistic, and offered a scenario that I never expected and depicted in my romantic view of Japan in the 19th century.
