Umi wa miteita ("The Sea on Watching") was Akira Kurasawa's fluttering film, because her favorite novelist Shugoro Yamamoto's story for the scenario she was going to film was her final sign she left in a brilliant career. Director Kei Kumai pays tribute to both Kurosawa and Yamamoto in presenting this visually stunning word transformation. <br /> <br /> The 19th century Japanese story explores the lives of women in Geisha's house, whose only purpose in life is to earn money for pleasant men. The house is led by an older couple who are gentle and geishads are an enchanting group of women who know their trade and pride in their careers. Each of them has a reason to turn to geisha's life. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports a family living in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has both good and evil clients he can maintain with his higher box. Oshin interacts with the endangered samurai, falls in love with a gentle companion to find that he must not marry his box and leave his joys to marry Oshin with his promised promise. Oshin's heartbeats are easy, but Kikuno and other gay men always support them emotionally and physically / financially. <br /> <br /> Happy Samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin's life and develops his first reliable and dedicated relationship with him. Kikuno is concerned with problems, deciding whether to accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry him and to deal with a rich but abusive client. All the time the sea looks and when the typhoon destroys the geisha and the street, sit on the roof of Oshin and Kikuno, waiting for Ryosuke's promising salvation. The end of the story is sacrifice, love, and dedication. The sea looks and protects true love. <br /> <br /> Kazuo Okuhara's photography is breathtakingly beautiful: night scenes with incandescent lanterns and colorful geisha interiors glance at the sea with a refreshing glance both calm and peaceful. For Edo's art, action is a bit tense, but the characters are well-established and keep the story credible. One of the distracting attention that has certainly not been made by Kurosawa is the sticky Western music score that sounds like cheap soap opera performers, except for isolated moments when real Japanese music is on track with authentic instruments. Ultimately, Kurosawa has the impression that this film is against the dream brand of a dream that always adheres to the importance of world cinema. Grady Harp
