Ahh, yes, all the asterisk change. So do the concept, write this script and download it for any particular effect that Hollyweird wizards can build, then round off the usual suspects: hot and comrades, has-beens, want to be and never wuzzes, and paste everything into different sized ensemble roles for cameras unforgiving in front of the eye. And I hope some of them are not too old to remember their lines. <br /> <br /> At last, leave this concept to the Box Office bishops for horror movies, as was the EXORCIST thriller THE SENTINEL. Writer Jeffrey Konvitz decided to try the New York brownstone with one of the neighbors of Ira Levin (and eventually Satan). The result was a controversial best seller, some of whom claimed a plagiarism and an equally controversial, top-heavy / adult vehicle, which was designed and staged by DEATH WISH for Michael Winner, but for many for a variety of reasons. > <br /> Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) plays a successful model by Alison Parker, who is pretty much superfluous and overworked (I don't add "overpriced". I mean she's a model so it's superfluous) not just her 24 hours a day, but also his demanding, wanna-get-married-right-NOW boy Michael (Chris Sarandon DOG DAY AFTERNOON and classic SOB.IG movie LIPSTICK). One way he decides to get away from it is to move to his place; big, beautiful brown stone in Manhattan, which he can get cheap (which should have been BIG's red flag - cheap real estate in New York!), a mysteriously brokered Miss Logan (Gold Age Veterinarian Ava Gardner, freshly out of EARTHQUAKE storm drain.) <br /> <br /> Things look good at first glance, but ah, yeah ... then the noise and the night above the flat is a lot of pounding. And how are really strange neighbors like Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (very early Beverly D'Angelo), nice "lonely friends" (read: lesbians) living together and kindly old Mr. Charles Chazen (beautifully horrible) Burgess Meredith) who might seem a little too worried about Alison's well-being? And that does not mean other assorted squirrelly partners (you will never hear the phrase "black and white cat, black and white cake" without wanting to smile milk through your nose and maybe vomit at the same time.) Especially the old blind priest who lives in the Penthouse ... <br /> <br /> Things are going downhill when the nightmare of Alison's morphide looks like a murderous murder (one of the most underwear-stains in the movie) and Alison and Michael, Alison BFF, Jennifer (Deborah Raffin) , begins to put together a puzzle that reveals the dark origin of the brown stone, as well as the murderous agenda of the inhabitants of other worlds, not to mention Alison's relationship with them, which, as it turns out, is nothing but random. <br /> <br /> Although over-molded cast is not contradictory, it seems to be associated with actors from all the different genres who are looking for a job at the same time (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, MartinBalsam, Eli Wallach, John Carradine and even early performers Christopher Walken , Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) The winner and the company went back to the bombastic basics and pulled "Tod Browning" ..., involving physically challenged actors in real life to appear in the SENTINEL climate change all-and-all-going to hell, which I think no ballistic leader would do if he could not access Linda Blair and the green pea soup. It will definitely leave you with the northern fingers that play the spinal cord as you stab, knowing this succulent little information as you look. And it has the technique that filmmakers have just started to return to: live-set makeup and special effects that don't contain CGI (which was pretty much nonexistent then). <br /> /> SENTINEL has this kitschy, seventies cheesecake, but manages to occasionally differentiate some of the gas burning moments mentioned above, not to mention the frightening feeling that horror writers are easy to play, isolate, and things that fall and shine at night . After all, what a living-one-big-city man has not slept in a dark bed and listened carefully to the sounds they are hoping for is a "building that lives?" <br /> <br /> Konvitz inevitably followed SENTINEL with the sequel, THE GUARDIAN (not to be confused with the name of William Friedkin's supernatural thriller), which was never adapted to screen. = Relaxation hour
