Bellocchio refers to this as a mainly political film, a description of the Italian revolutionary movement, but it seems more like a metaphor than a reality. Well, almost everything in the film seems like a metaphor. The revolutionaries we see and learn very little can also be mafiosis. Off with old and new staff. Revolutionary girlfriend Giullia seems to represent what can happen to someone who needs very serious support, but is unable to demand such a commitment. (I think here.) Andrea, a young boy, seems to be the only guy in the film who is not "upatz" somewhat unpleasant. He respects his father, but also disobedient. She loves Giullia or we assume she is not really old enough to learn the optimal management of her reflexes, but she leaves her to appear at school and complete her final exams. The course between his contradictory lifestyles can be described as "media". He is an interpersonal person who knows the meaning of graduality, who can keep his cool when the people touching him are screaming. <br /> <br /> Most of this is summed up during the final part of the finals when asked to translate and comment on the "Antigone" extract, which contrasts with the traditional authority of the gods with the concept of secularism and free will. <br /> <br /> This brings us - not to any particular course - to being aware - Marushka Detmars. He reminds New York comics a few years ago. Two hippos are deep in the river, looking at the gazelle drinking from a bank, and one hippopotamus tells the other, "I hate him." He's a good actor. (Let me get it out of the way.) But so are the others in the movie. He, together with his speech and manner, carries a rich glow of madness alone. And it all comes from the actor, not the director's help. Detmars is not a nut like Catherine DeNeuve was in "Repulsion". The walls do not turn into a bell and grow hands. Instead, we see him animated - sometimes TOO animated. And he gives us shocking jolts when his mood suddenly changes and threatens how threatening thunderstorms threaten. She is convincingly beautiful with her fluffy brown hair, her broad white smile, her impulsive. And his eyes are like the old paintings on the walls of Egyptian tombs. Sexy parts are pretty erotic, not so much that one of them is explicit, but because we've got to know the characters. (It's more interesting to have a week of laughing in the neighborhood than go to the skin color.) In fact, there is not much sex. There is only one scene in the simulated ratio, but the director lets it play in real time. At least in real time for an eighteen-year-old boy. <br /> <br /> The young man who plays Andrea is also good at what he needs, because the film is almost entirely dependent on him and Giullia. They have to wear it and do it. If it's not for these performances, I'm not sure it would be as interesting or admirable as the flick. It would easily become quite slow, boring romance. <br /> <br /> It is worth it.
