Director / Writer Michael Winner is a feature that is better than expected than a surprising supernatural film (although it is still being satisfactorily satisfied), which is indeed unnoticed. Of course, it can borrow ideas from other similar timed horror films, but still succeed in bringing its psychological trail to smoky material (good and evil) and a unique vision that has a fair share of impressively expansive than somewhat exploitative kits. All in all, it is sketchy, but it is still intriguing, putting a gang-busters out of the frustrating charge. In fact, there is always something within this busy framework, but it is more downward than it is in a shock that drives the adaptation of soap patterns and the atmosphere to its viable exclusion and surprising revelation. The winner's dressed finish can feel the pedestrian, but is it the majority of the band that really holds it together? when you see the faces. There are also many. Some are more concerned with the scheme than others, but there is no doubt that each of them is committed, despite the fact that it is all raw raw. It is interesting to see names like Sylvia Miles (who is remarkably horrible!), Beverly D'Angelo (also), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (pure fire), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger. parts. Then you have a light visa with Chris Sarandon and is moving perfectly with Cristina Raines. Offering support to José Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradin, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The scenario casts a lot of signs, but also concepts, but it is inseparable from each other, trying to push it in. But this is an unpleasant air in favor of suspicion and fraud about what is really happening here. Is it all the reason and why it surrounds the character of Raines? The emphasis is mainly on this moody corner, as it will slowly illuminate its internal moves and the strange / worrying experiences that it faces when moving to its new apartment. This is the place where the winner tries to displace the shameful colors that represent some icy moments. Gil Melle was a man responsible for a grand, powerful orchestral score that never misses, and Richard C. Kratina mediates extensive, extensive photography.
