This horror film, based on a novel of the same name, suffers from false production and dirty, amateurish directions, but it is strangely convincing. Unlike shocking horrors like The Exorc, this film takes the viewer into a slow but relentless hell in the evil basin. It penetrates into a horror that engulfs the audience with the same dream-like slowness as it swells to a poor girl who has been inadvertently selected as the next sentinel. His task is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent the penetration of evil into the world. It falls to her at the beginning of her life for her suicide attempts. <br /> <br /> The story is right for the book that was riveting, but the way it edits can lose the viewer. The plot has nuances that are shaved and never explained satisfactorily, which hurts this film. This is regrettable. Sentinel is not a flick at your seat; it's more awkward to watch out. Like a bad car wreck, it's forced to look even when it becomes unbearable. This movie is not all bad and still has the ability to shock. <br /> <br /> The cast was competent. Christina Raines was a vulnerable girl on both sides, Alison, who was a shameful fight between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good as a caring, but ultimately self-centered boy. Eli Wallach and the very young Christopher Walken are the detectives who are trying to get rid of the odd mindless puzzle. Ava Gardner is elegant because the realtor does not know the horrors of his rental space. Older parents, John Carradine, who has twisted hands on his arthritis, are an excellent deadly sentinel who needs to be replaced. Devil plays charming perfection from Burgess Meredith; he is so cute and so bad. In this film, hidden characters are: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of a poor girl, and Jerry Orbach successfully plays with a type as a funny television director. The hinges that hit the end results are the actual lateral directions and the geeks. Anyone who thought it was a twisted but brilliant genius. <br /> <br /> Fear of going through the film bubbles unexpectedly, such as when Alison opens the door and finds something that creates a setback when she finds her father with her two whores. He lives his first suicide attempt, faces strangely insecure lesbians and sees the cat cut. He has been through time and again through reality and fantasy, through dreams and wakeful awakening all the time as an inadequate tool. Indeed, the devil is trying to make him crazy to kill himself before becoming the next sentinel. Does he succeed ...? All in all, the slow moving but unspeakably creepy, well-functioning, but poorly managed, and very typical 70's horror movie before the real shocks relax. (Don't Intend to Foresee) This film may not work for those with short attention, but it can still send the backbone to shivering, but can still give some low value shock value. It is a strange powerful and entertaining evil world.
