This is one of my favorite horror films. It is a rich, stylish production with an outstanding ensemble performer, beautiful on-site cinematography, a haunting musical score, an intelligent and novel plot theme and an atmosphere of fear and threat. It resembles classic movies like ROSEMARY'S BABY and SHINING, where young, vulnerable women fall victim to supernatural forces in old, horrible, former buildings. Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays New York City's top model Alison Parker. His happy, outgoing outer surface masks a deeply controversial and worrying soul. This is evidenced by the revelation that he tried twice in the past to commit suicide twice as a teenage girl after he had doubled his father in bed with his wife, and he drew his silver crucifix from his neck and threw it on the floor and for the second time his married lawyer The boyfriend's husband allegedly committed suicide on studying his case. Speaking to his beau (played by the slippery CHRIS SARANDON), he has to live one year or so, he answers a fully furnished, spacious one-bedroom apartment in the old Brooklyn Heights brownstone. This building is actually located and is located on 10 Montague terraces, directly out of Brooklyn Heights Promenade on Remsen Street. Producers filmed the building and its apartments, of course, paying for the inconvenience of the residents. The real estate agent Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER) seems to be very interested in the fact that Alison will accept an apartment that cannot be explained by the 6% commission she would earn. Especially when it drops quickly from $ 500.00 per month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees and when leaving the building with Miss Logan, the elderly man notices while sitting and apparently staring at him from the top floor window. Miss Logan identifies the man as her father Halliran and tells Alison that she is blind. Alison's answer is very logical - "Blind? Then what is he looking at?" After moving, Alison meets a resident of another building, including a lesbian couple playing with SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who are uncomfortable with Alison. Alison's mental health and physical well-being will soon deteriorate and will be tempted by headaches and fainting spells. When he talks about his worries to Miss Logan that his sleep is disturbed at night by cleaning up the metal and loud traces coming straight out of the apartment, he is buggy to learn that besides the blind priest and now he has not lived for the past three years. Calling courage for one night to fight his night tormentor, he orders the butcher and the torch and enters the apartment. She is facing her dead father's cancer spectrum and uses her to protect her when she comes after her. The police are investigating and not finding signs of violence in this apartment - no body, blood or anything. But Alison fled from the building and fell down the street covered with blood as it turns out. But he has a sign. What Alison doesn't understand before the film's abandonment is that being in this brownstone is a goal. He was placed there for a reason - the origin of which originated from the Bible Garden in the Garden of Eden and the angel Uriel, who was posted at his entrance to guard him from the Devil. The Catholic Church has preached her proudly and pruded to take on the most important role - one that will ensure that her soul, exhausted by her two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, "invisible" neighbors who turn out to be more than just peculiar jokes have a different agenda for him. It is a competent and intelligent film that surprisingly depicts the church and its representatives in a mostly sympathetic light.
