I'm not sure why this little movie is hidden, as it did on some rather stupid paths; Sentinel is a clever and inventive horror film that gives most of today's great honored ghost stories more than their money. Michael Winner has repeatedly acknowledged that he is not always the best director and it appears on this film several times; But it has to be said that the film works despite being forced, and that the winner has somehow been able to round out just more amazing talented loud more than it does. The plot is rich in mystery and begins with Alison Parker and her hunting in the apartment. She thinks she can't afford most of what she looks at, but she thinks luck has changed when she finds a fully furnished apartment at an affordable price. His problems begin shortly after the move, because he does not like the neighbors very much ... and this problem increases as the realtor tells him that he has only one neighbor; The old blind priest on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The cast list is really great, the relatively unknown Cristina Raines brings a lot of support. Chris Sarandon is a little woody against Raines, but a small part for John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, but just a handful more than offset Sarandon's inanimate image. Michael Winner does a good job at his central location, because the apartment building offers a horrible and horrible story. The film is a bit slow, but it's never boring; and Michael Winner's scenario surprises what it is almost impossible to guess offset, which definitely deserves praise. Like many similar slow-burning horrors, it doesn't go down early, but unlike many ends, there is a sure climax because the winner goes through the observer and when the rumor that he used the real person strange is true; I have to say he does a very good job! In general, although this film can be a pure hockey, no matter how you watch it; Sentinel is one of the best films of this type and this is definitely the main highlight of this driver.
