Michael Winner is probably the best known for his revenge films, such as "Death Wish" and "Chato Land", but he is equally talented as the director of occult horror films, such as "Sentinel" in 1977. "The Sentinel" based on John Konvitz's novel who also wrote the script is a clever and immensely creepy religious chiller that no lover of occult horror should disappear. The film has obviously been inspired by successful occult classics like "Rosemary's Baby", "Exorcist" or "The Omen", but I find it also easily distracting as these more widely recognized films and probably even creepier. <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young New York model. His past events, traumatized and still ready to marry his lawyer boy (Chris Sarandon), Allison is looking for an apartment and finds a great, incredibly nice, which is also affordable, in an old mansion in Brooklyn. However, the new apartment includes a number of very strange tenants. And the threatening new neighbors will soon become quite embarrassing to Alice ... It may not be enough plot summary, but I wouldn't want to ruin the big moments of this movie, so I'm not giving an additional plot description. However, I say, "The Sentinel" is a very horrible and effective film that benefits both large and often odd and constantly unpleasant air. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers here certainly influenced the result. The film is imaginatively captured and the fearsome old Brooklyn mansion is a fantastic place for such a movie. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is hidden and horrible, and the film also contains a number of shock moments and genuine fears. The film has many unhappy and eccentric characters, and the cast is great. Beautiful Christina Raines is big, lovable and losing her mind in her role as Allison Parker. Chris Sarandon is also very good as his boy, a successful lawyer, and supportive cast has many great names such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger before they really become famous. There are also letters like Ava Gardner, Horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and my personal favorite, Big Eli Wallach as a cynical killer. I've been a big fan of Michael Winner for a long time, mostly for films like "Death Wish" and "Chato Land". "The Sentinel" is another great movie in the winner's repertoire and also a proof that the person is not only a champion of hard-boiled revenge, but also an atmosphere of occult horror. All in all, Sentinel is a creepy, intelligent and amazingly bizarre hidden cooler that is recommended for all Horror fans!
