Sigh ?? I sincerely wonder why all of the acclaimed and supposedly deep film critics keep the director against Michael Winner? Certainly he is not an avatar of subtlety because his films are almost always hands and face, but what? They are awesomely fun. His most famous films, such as the first three entries in the "Death Wish" series, are simple targets, as they allegedly praise the personal use of violence and shotguns, but even if the winner takes on much more mature cinema genres? Like "The Sentinel" religious horrors for example? he doesn't get any criticism. "Sentinel" created some contradictions and raged several people in releasing it when it leaked, that Michael Winner made people who were really wrong and disabled, depicting beings trying to baptize the gates between hell and earth. Quite exactly the same contradiction was caused by Toddi Browning's masterpiece and landmark in the horror film "Freaks" to stay banned and invisible for over 30 years! And why? Just because some proud and easily offended people who shouldn't watch the movie first say it's an unethical thing? I don't think Michael Winner or Todd Browning kept these people at the gunpoint or forced them to appear in their films, so what gives us the right to feel embarrassed? Another important reason why critics did not welcome "Sentinel" is due to Jeffrey Konvitz's novel? and thus the Michael Winner scenario? has been hugely derived from other modern but much more successful religious issues, and so, according to the merciless pencils of horror critics, there is little more than pure plagiarism. Indeed, "The Sentinel" lends a number of important elements to "Rosemary's Baby", "The Omen" and "The Exorcist", but let's be honest, the 70's cinemas will be successful in stealing formulas and imitating success stories. If you forget the somewhat unigantic concept and fairly, a handful of thoroughly confusing and unnecessary sub-thresholds, "Sentinel" will still remain a unique atmosphere and often straightforward to highlight the 70's horrors with an impressive cast and nightmare of an impressive ensemble, Alison Parker, a somewhat unprocessed mental trauma model a brown stone apartment in Brooklyn, deeply opposed to his boyfriend Michael's suggestion to help him. several times. Alison's physical existence, and especially his mental state, will soon change, and the malicious apartment is the root of all misery. He meets his eccentric neighbors and attends his cats' birthday parties, although the homeowner claims that he and the blind priest are the only tenants. He often despises his duties and has truly horrible visions of his trembling father and night when he was trying to commit suicide. It slowly turns out that Alison was chosen to serve a higher supernatural purpose in this apartment building, but at the same time malignant forces are trying to prevent it. It is really regrettable how the advertising signs on the back of the DVDs and even a short summary immediately show that Alison's brown stone apartment is the gateway to the hell and is chosen to guard it, because the film's script slowly grows to the revelation of this shocking party. For almost 75 minutes (and in some sad and long queues), Michael Winner successfully retains the impression that Alison plays tricks with him and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and the odd behavior of his fiancé is strictly red herring. Multiple terrible scenes are pretty close to genius, such as Alison's setback or the first acquaintance at the high priest. The whole climax, with the appearance of the contradictory guests mentioned above, is literally an amazing example of pure fear and easy biting of one unforgettable and nail I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Collecting is deeply impressive, especially considering The Sentinel is still a legitimate horror film and this genre is not the most popular among the most prominent players, but of course you also have to put a little perspective on the list. In the case of such extended casting, there are obviously more than one film role than cameos. For example, Martin Balsam and John Carradine appear only a few minutes together. Many others (such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo, and Tom Berenger) add a lot of fame to the film today, but when they were released, they were still too unknown to attract the audience curiously. My personal choice for the best performances goes to Burgess Meredith as an unpleasant neighbor and Eli Wallach as a satirical police inspector. The relatively unfamiliar Cristina Raines is doing an amazing job that carries the film and Chris Sarandon carefully, even when she is sporting ridiculous mustache. In my humble opinion, "The Sentinel" is a marvelous and frightening horror film, which is definitely a true black fan of the genre.
