it is the first two-part feedback on the conflict between machines and mankind in the Matrix world, and it offers remarkably, by combining observations of the fear of a human being with unknown and political, religious and historical images, intimidation involved in the intimidation and, at least partially, a credible and therefore terrible vision of our near future. it is not perfect, and some plot points and pictures are both obvious and viable at the same time, but it has the desired effect and effect and speaks of a visceral and deterrent story. <br /> <br /> This first part sets the scene - human societies have developed advanced and capable robots, mostly humanoids, to serve people who do essential, unskilled jobs, labor, construction, and so on. one robot, however, rebels and kills his owner, stating in his later trial that he simply did not want to die. he is being destroyed, but if the destruction of the masses of the robot is meant to protect humanity, many robots will protest, along with many people's supporters. <br /> <br /> The images here are exploiting, talking about racism and abuse, the Tiananmen square, the Holocaust, and the too provocative scene that the robot is hiding behind a human girl, caught in the head, and then dead when she says I'm real. it puts the clothes and skin on the ground and hangs the breasts. it is an obvious and superstitious image that is intended to show people the fear of uncontrollable elements and aggression on the basis of the actions of individuals. <br /> <br /> anyway, this first part is similar to the compacted version of Robot I, but it will soon become recognizable as the Matrix background, as the surviving robot's contingent is exiled and accumulates in the Middle East, the crowd of civilization when the narrator informs us. there are machines around and starting to produce new AIs and to produce mass technology and trade with people. we see a commercial car for a car that uses a circular energy carrier used by boats in rebellious films, and we see the zero race who is the name of their city. their goods and trade are damaging their economies to other economies, and people's governments and authorities are opposed. the machines send the ambassadors in the form of Adam and Eve to the UN congress to block a blocked peaceful solution, but they have been forcibly removed and the scene is set for the other side of the war. <br /> <br /> Animation is Studio 4 ° C, which works on many Animatrix and is recognizable and visually stimulating, changing different scenes such as image editing, CCTV video, and specific import scenes that characterize the story in general. the plot may not be the original concept and may be based on simplified sheep awareness and plot models, and use provocative material for impact, but after the first mystery offered by the first film and Morpheus vague short information-dumps, this nice exposure is a catastrophic event that left the world devastated and in the hands of machines, is a warning and tool for many observations and remarks about the human condition, the development and harmony of AI, and the devastating importance of the consequences of conflicts and prejudices;
