It was the first thing I liked when I looked at the closing credit for Europa, that there was a screen over there, never before in my life I have seen a movie of such a technical gene, the visions of Europa are so impressive that every movie I watch it wakes up only pale, forget your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott's slippery Hollywood cinema, Europa has more essential beauty than anything that these two could accumulate in millions of years. Now I would be the first to welcome Lars von Trier's gene just behind his films Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, but it is stupid that Europa's film experts have been ignored for so long is the crime cinema, while overpriced rubbish, like tiger, hidden dragon and life is beautiful, cleaned by academy awards (but what you know) Europa is hidden, there are no video stores and (until recently) all British TV channels. <br /> <br /> The images on Europa are not MTV gloss; it is not a style over a substance, it is rather a dictation of a substance. Like his first film, "Criminal Component", von Trier uses the perspective of the main character to guide us into our world and, like Element, the film begins to be hypnotized with basic education (or with Europa in public). Going down the rails, the narrator (Max von Sydow) reads our voice in deep sleep until we wake up to Europa. This makes von Trier and his three operators pay with time and imagery, there are many scenes in Europa, when the black and white characters in the background interact with the person in the foreground who is colorful von Trier tries to show us how much a colored product or person is in the front For example, it is not surprising that Leopold Kessler (Jean-marc Barr )'s first picture is colorful because he is the only character who has the best of the film. <br /> <br /> The performances are good, they may not be the same as those of the later von Trier films, but it's just because the pictures are sometimes so disturbing that you didn't really take them for the first time. But I would like to draw attention to the excellent result of Jean-Marc Barr in his leading role, whose blind idealisms are slowly warning the two opposing sides until he captures the final act of films. Again, as an element of the crime, the film ends with our hero, unable to wake up from his nightmare, left in this terrible place, only von Sydow's ongoing narrative to close his destiny. Europa is a huge movie and I can't help thinking what a shame it is that von Trier has given up this kind of filming because he was clearly one of the most talented visual directors working at that time, Europa, like the rest of his movie cache, is full of rich iconic scenes. His commitment to composition and mass-en-scene is unique, not to mention the use of sound and product development. But because his young rumbling turned out to be a wave and a dancer in the dark, who can claim, but it seems to be a waste of imaginative talent. 10/10
