The prisons are not well-known for their friendly hospitality and "happy vibes", a story of fighting, chaos, murders and, of course, extreme male attachment! But this prison prison is a completely different beast. The horror films in the cells are, as you probably know, something new when they emphasize and exaggerate the inability of claustrophobia to fear and escape? the two biggest topics in horror cinema. With examples such as WEDDING (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and, of course, all women in the prison exploitation genre themselves, the second entry into this niche must be something inventive and fun to be recognized. Or at least what you thought. PRISON is definitely an incredibly fun and enjoyable ride, and it's a bit shameful that it's not as well known as it should be. <br /> <br /> The film briefly focuses on the old prison (well, duh!) that has been reopened. But it is not only a compatriot and a guard whom the prisoners need to fear, but also the average spirit of the ass demon spirit, which has only one thing; Death! And boy, do we treat some fantastic scenes of death! I'm not breaking anything here for you, but there are many innovative and enjoyable murders with an invisible hand. <br /> <br /> In addition to special effects and murders, this movie has one more thing. it's cast. On the sunrise, we have the vehicle LORD (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) star Viggo Mortensen (and for all those who are so inclined, yes, he gets naked) whose performance is not only very believable, but also with the skill that her Eastwood-esquire is both a bone and a pleasant (very delicate mixture). Add him to the "hey-wait-a-minute-I-know-that-guy" actors and you get one big star. However, individuals lack three-dimensional and more frequent stereotypes. We have a black eyepiece, a prison prison officer, a human rights activist and many other stock signs. But frankly, this "mistake" really helps the movie. Instead of being bored with being over-balanced, we are more or less straightforward, and if it goes (very early), there is no scene that is a filler? It is the balls on the wall plot. Unlike certain SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing conventions with the Slasher genre, somewhat of a convention, and in good genre traditions, PRISON punishes those who have been bad. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is a terrible horror movie and what has unfortunately been overlooked and not mentioned in the world of horror. With superb cast and excellent special effects and quite original death scenes, this movie is recommended for spooky fans. Do not be fooled into thinking that this is also a cinematic little film, but because it was made in the US in the 1980s, it is far from cheesy (although this end destroys it) and at the same time far from sharp and realistic (though it tries to solve such issues) like the rape of imprisonment, they have been done quite finely). <br /> <br /> I give him 3.5 out of 5. A very interesting horror film with a really nice touch.
