2003 was considered as the matrix year, releasing two sequences and a computer game that actually related to the plot of the film. There were also 9 short animated DVDs written and made in Japan and made by Anime. Japan makes the best animation in the world. Unfortunately, most of these shorts are disappointing. The best one is the first part of the first Matrix movie prequel. <br /> <br /> Another Renaissance is made as a historical file. It tells how people made the machines in their similarity. People live in a high life, while machines are ground, social workers, second-class citizens. In 2090, the BI-66ER machine was killed and killed by its owners who wanted to prevent it. The machine does not have a fair trial and the unrest begins around the world. World governments are starting to dismantle machines. Many machines leave human society and form their country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and has easily been forced by human peoples, forcing them into an economic crisis. Human blockade 01 and rejection of machine requests for peace, so there were people who were responsible for the war that enslaved them. Another renaissance is an interesting look, an excellent, traditional style of animation and a pleasant world. It shows how the machines were treated and that mankind sowed the seeds of its destruction. There is a political and social world, and a short time is short. Short stock theme and style with the classic silent movie Metropolis, partly in the beginning of the underworld. These are the subjects of slavery, abuse of the working class and racism. In short, there are also some religious themes and religious iconography. Mostly, the men saw themselves as God and created machines like theirs. Seeing yourself as a legitimate captain of machines. The machines also use religious iconography, which basically make up their people in the "cradle of civilization" and in the machines that come to the UN, dressed as Adam and Eve, offering an apple. <br /> <br /> Traditional Anime style (like Akira). Sets are great, combining futuristic historic cities, eg. Washington D.C .. The scene of the future is a well-left and surprising violence that is the key to the film. Director Mahiro Maeda also led the anime series Kill Bill Vol. 1, so Hollywood has good credentials. He is ready to use violence and know how to keep the story. <br /> <br /> The only real complaint is the continuity flaw in the first Matrix film, because Morpheus mentions that people have no historical data and do not know who started the war. But this is a good time.
