Here, we have compelling low-budget horrors with a relatively original assumption full of familiar faces and one of the most convincing shooting places in the horror film history. So ... could anyone tell me why this movie is so underrated ??? "Prison" is the debut of American director Harlin's American debut, which is still his best effort, although he hit blocks like "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The story takes place completely in the old and raped in Wyoming Prison, which was reopened as the cause of the population in other, more modern, state areas. Inside the prison of the previous exercise, the restless spirit of the last victim of the electric chair still lives. The currently promoted Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) was there 40 years ago when this innocent person was killed and the spirit still remembers his insecure role in unfair trial. It seems the time has come for revenge. Viggo Mortensen plays a good car thief who must avoid even greater body numbers and Chelsea Field is a human social worker who slowly hides the secrets of the past. <br /> <br /> "Prison" contains over half a dozen memorable gore sequences, but it is an intolerably intense atmosphere that remains firm for you! Unlike other horrorists of this decade, "Prison" is an amazing reality. Of course, I refer to authentic landscapes and moods in prison walls, not to supernatural murders that have been committed ... even though they are really disturbing. The best parts of the movie are pictures of realistic and harsh prison drama, combined with visual chaos and shocking horror. The absolute best of terror (offering me a little early on when I saw it quite young) focuses on fighting grizzly death, which includes barbed wire. Haunting !! The scenario only suffers for one error, but it's common ... almost inevitable, I think: clichés! The story introduces almost all possible stereotypes around the prison. We have a ugly, fat pervert with its "cute" boy-toy, coward and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and ?? of course? old n smart black who lives for life (did I hear someone called Morgan Freeman?) Don't look blind to these clichés because it is so many other elements to admire. Photography is dark and damp, the mystery remains long and successful, and prison battles supported by B-class actors are excellent (fans know Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister and even the immortal horror screen Kane Hodder). Forget Wes Craven's godly attempt "Shocker" or even the pathetic cheesecake "chairman". This is the only prison chiller to watch! Especially considering Viggo Mortensen's greatest popularity nowadays (I heard that he was playing a successful franchise involving gnomes, Hobbits and other fairy creatures ...), this real 80's horror game is about to get a quick DVD edition!
