I pulled the VHS box from my big collection - many of the invisible ones - and picked out a movie based on the art of the box, I thought it would be fun and yes, bad. In prison, it was the appearance of 80's hair on all of this box. I sat and watched, and lo! and look !, it was found that sometimes we are really sitting on a movie with expectations. Luckily I turned to the mine quickly and soon realized that I was sitting not only with the twig film, but with a good movie. The prison talks about an old, broken prison to recover budget problems. It looks creepy like all empty and filled with prisoners. The prison used as a complex is very important in the film and easily characteristic. The story of the prison as its central location speaks of a prologue of a man killed by an electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard who tears off the crucifix before the man sent him to his maker. Then we go to this day, first with a government council meeting, where it is decided to open the prison and send a beautiful doctor to make sure that the conditions are acceptable when he actively opposes the reopening of the old prison in the campaign. Then we see Lane Smith, a new caregiver, haunted by a nightmare in bed - and, given the new job of opening a prison, she hasn't been going for years. Well, the rest follows the suit: prisoners and guards have a lot of stereotypes. We have a depth of character and many prisoners are interesting signs. Action is better than one would expect if Lane Smith were to work as always. Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner is sure. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane are really exploring the boundaries of these stereotypical signs. Chelsea Field is a female leader. The best result is Lincoln Kilpatrick, an undervalued character actor, Cresus - prisoner who had been in the same prisons years ago when a "man" had been killed "by some terrible secret. The prison is not the next best thing about sliced ​​bread or something, but it is definitely worth looking at and definitely better than most would expect, because I was pleasantly surprised how the story of Renny Harlin created the story visually into the atmosphere. The temple and Harlin know how to build his scenes. There are scenes with too much impact - one with a barbed wire was a bit much like it was with all the pipes, but these scenes are visually creative and interesting. A scenario that is actually much more coherent than usual is usually obtained from movies that can be read in part by Irwin Yablans, who wrote this story. If it is already, give the prison a break (get it).
