"Barry McKenzie's Adventures" began life as a satirical comic by "Private Eye" written by Barry Humphries, based on Peter Cook's idea. McKenzie ('Bazza' to her friends) is a harsh, loud, hats-wearing Australia whose two main interests in life are sex (despite having never had) and Fosters lager. In 1972, he found his way to the first two trips to the big screen. Humphries must be tempted to be "Bazza", but he left to work wisely for Barry Crocker (later to play the topic "Neighbors" on the television soap opera!). Instead, Humphries played a number of roles in the real Peter Sellers fashion, especially Bazza's aunt's "Edna Everage" (it was before she became Dame). <br /> <br /> You know that this is not "important to being Ernest when his censorship NPA stands for" No Poofters Allowed ". Sydney's lawyer tells Pom-hating Bazza that he must go to England to swallow British culture in order to get his father's will. Together with Aunt Edna, she tried Quantti flight to Hong Kong and then to London. An over-efficient customs officer pays Bazzale import duties on everything he bought there, including a suitcase full of Fosters lager tubes. As he says, "if you like it, Poms is gipsy!" The captivating taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the fare by first taking Bazza and Edna to Stonehenge, then Scotland. London's streets are dirty and their hotel is a horse run by a fertile landlord (Spike Milligan) who puts Bazza on the electricity bill every 20 minutes. Yet our heroes have good news; he meets other Aussies at Earls Court and Fosters has been sold in British pubs. <br /> <br /> The next is a series of comic escapades that take Bazaar out of the commercial head of his cigarette and put his trousers under his curse, believing it is some sort of aphrodisiac, odd meeting with Dennis Price as a top-class pervert who loves to be fond of wearing a schoolgirl uniform. "Vomiting" almost makes him an international star and finally BBC T.V. The center, where he pulls the trousers into lively chat rooms, led by a thinker cramps himself, Joan Bakewell. The fire is interrupted and Bazza's friends will come to Fosters' rescue towels, they will urinate flames massively. <br /> <br /> This is far from Bruce Beresford's later work - Breaker Morant and Driving Miss Daisy. When released, it was criticized as "vulgar". Well, yes, it is, but it is also a great non-P. fun. "Bazza" is a nasty creature, but her vitality is infallible, you can't help but like this man. His different urinary euphemism ("Percy points on porcelain") and vomiting ("Technicolor yawn") have gone to English without many people knowing where they came from. Other guests include Dick Bentley (a detective who traces Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later star "Rock Follies") and even future art director Russell Davies. <br /> <br /> Fast - wonderful name "Barry McKenzie owns - came out two years later. At its premiere, Humphries took the chance to hit the first critics of the first movie. It's good for him." what was more worrying for him was the release of Crocodile Dundee in 1985. It also had a dim, thumped Aussie who could not reach out to foreign culture, and earned a ton of more money. is done by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is great.You have a lyrical love that includes a line: "If you want to send your sister to madness, introduce her to Barry McKenzie!" Time to finish this review. I have to go to work for the unemployed ...
