Short synopsis <br /> <br /> This movie opens when soldiers are released from a male company. One of them deals with another, strange scheme, one of which repeatedly refuses. Later, they get trapped in an office building where they want to break safely during Christmas holidays. Hostility becomes a playful rice and then a desperate struggle for survival (at the time of losing, they all lose their fluids, so it is really serious). Open, well-built and well-oiled torsos they hole in the wall and eventually manage to escape? only to find out that women have betrayed them and created them. One gets stuck, the other remains free, and his companion doesn't give it away. The last meeting, the last light on a cigarette, adieu l'ami, goodbye, friend. <br /> <br /> I found that the two main characters did not play homosexuals in the closets played by classic superstars Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. Obviously, they have attracted each other, their treatment with women is disgusting and noticeable. The whole story seems to be a strong symbolic undertone, a bit like Deliverance. It is also very stylish. Is it safe for the two men to break? time? very modern glass and aluminum tower. This is the location of the advertising agency, so there are many fancy posters and wall coverings. The wardrobe is also very good. A particularly stylish Citroen DS (perhaps the most modern and elegant car of all time) offers a great deal in this movie? maybe it's a little product placement. <br /> <br /> I can only recommend this movie for actors' performances. Indeed, Delon and Bronson share top-notch scores in a way that struck me as fair and sporty. Both make a considerable amount of acrobatics. I've never seen the Bronson better than here, it actually works - and speaks French everywhere, with the big accent buying very passively. And this is definitely the person we hear. (So ​​the French version is highly recommended). Two of them, police watchers, are played by my favorite Franchi actors, Bernard Fresson, who was Gene Hackman's partner in Connection II in France. He's the best cumbersome police inspector I know. Very good is the former child artist Brigitte Fossey as a young man who, as it turns out, is not as innocent as it first seems. <br /> <br /> Anyone waiting for an old in-an-out movie The classic thieves can be disappointed with this movie because for those with little patience it is a rewarding experience full of novel and original ideas and director, although it is too brutal and sadistic for me.
