Tactical, strange (watch the tiny moment of the tiny blonde kinky that works as a zipper for some rich people), a meaningless but undoubtedly convincing late-night feature. This endless French production is an amazing set of unreasonable ideas and random drawings that focus on his very charismatic stars (as somewhat anti-heroes) by Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. Indeed, they do not do so much, especially in the limited, long mid, where they hide themselves during Christmas holidays to break 10,000 possible combinations safe. Oh fun! But it is odd if the intriguing relationship is formed between the characters of Delon and Bronson. After a manipulative will fight (and childishly cuddling games against each other), two insights come into being that see their respect and engagement and mutual respect. This would go on to play the story on the other half of the story with this unobtrusive curve. Their early meetings still show that there are more, but what we get is vague and it is increased by "What's going on there?". the end that can just jump you. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! I'm glad to get out of this system. Jumping is terribly slow, but it is moderately measured for it, and it seems to have been deliberately done to crowd your nervous, nervous stress. Make sure that the same process is repeated over and over again, and you know that something is not right and that the scheme is finally in play. Now it seems that everything that happens seems too spontaneous, but the culmination is haunting. A strong, complex script is probably a bit too cunning for your own, but there are also some clean news (coins, glass and liquids? Try not to scatter) and visual symbols. Jean Herman's direction is efficiently developed with a low key but artificially sends an unwanted icy atmosphere. Sound FX is more than a powerful comment when Francois DeRoubaixi's funky score, which is basically packed after a brilliant opening. The best drawers Delon (who is quite sharp) and Bronson (unique in turn) are strong and work enormously. Bernard Fresson speaks of being an inspector who knows there is more than leadership. An attractive female is Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> A mysterious direction, but a polished criminal drama maintained by its two controls and some strange entries.
