If you're already Peter O'Donnell's wonderful fan of Modesty Blaise's sixties, you really enjoy this movie. If you've ever seen the 1966 "Modesty Blaise" movie, forget it! It was a camp. This is the real modesty of Blaise. Story and character are both modest, so book fans know and love. Joe Losey's 1966 travesty is a long way, and it takes our modestness quite seriously. Alexandra Staden is pretty good and credible in this respect, and yes, we see her beating. This is likely to be the first series movie and as such it is designed to introduce Modesty, his childhood and days to Lobby. <br /> <br /> Since Peter O, Donnell was a creative film consultant, everything really rings. Even the story O'Donnell spoke of as he imagined his character is the same as he said. Having read all the books, I enjoyed this movie even more. <br /> <br /> Now that Miramax has retained its possessions when Quentin Tarrentino makes this movie, I hope to see more modest stories asap. Especially if the wonderful character of Willie Garvin makes the character of Modesty really alive. For this, I really hope that the film works well in Europe. I have no idea if Miramax will ever distribute the DVD in the US. I suspect that this may not be generally well distributed in the US. I don't know how Miramax decides where and how to distribute his films. <br /> <br /> Modesty is at the beginning of the 20th century, working at the Louche casino in Tangier. The retrospective sequences are artificially made and take Modesty around the age of 9, through their teens until his current age in the movie - about 21-22, I think. I really don't think Modesty is a "perfect actor". For many of our modest fans, he is already too capable of our imagination. Alexandra Staden is reliable. She is very thin, graceful and ready. He has many close-ups. She has a big face - one that sticks well after the movie ends. According to Romero O'Donnell's illustrator, Modesty is more complete than Staden, but I'm ready for it. When Staden continues to play, I think she's maturing into it - as Modesty grows more powerful and qualified than she gets older. Staden communicates Modesty's humor and absolute security very well. Go ahead and rent this movie, that's nothing you have seen, and although it was run by Scott Spiegel, it's full of Tarrentino touches, great camera movements, lighting and well-done action sequences.
