This is the first film by Jean Renoir Silent, which I looked at and perhaps rightly so, because it is generally considered to be his best, and he is also the first great work. All in all, this is indeed a very solid and technically accomplished film confirming the fact that it was only a secondary effort by Renoir. For the director's fans, there are many interesting clues in Renoir's future films, especially the CHAMBERMAID HISTORY (1946) and GOLDEN COACH (1952) - the lower class femme fatale that the various aristocrats who are ashamed of him - but also the rules of the game (1939) in one order how the robbed servants behave when their masters are behind them - and French CANCAN (1955) - Nana sees a move at scandalous dance at one point. Personally, I would say that the film is a respectable companion to G.W. Pabst's PANDORA BOX (1928), Josef von Sternberg's Blue ANGEL (1930) and Max Ophuls' LOLA MONTES (1955) in lively resorts. the film was a surprisingly critical and commercial failure at the time of its release - the "mad undertaking", as Renoir himself later called it in his memoirs, which not only paid him the money personally (eventually he eased the resulting financial burden by selling) some of his late father's paintings ), but almost made him a good cinematographer! Stylishly different from NANA Renoir's credible work, she owes much debt to Erich von Stroheim's FOOLISH WIVES (1922), Renoir, who was very admired - and a personal note I really had to review (having this Cinema DVD and other von Stroheims for 4 years ). Anyway, NANA is definitely not without its mistakes: the deliberate pace is felt over a generous 130 minutes of work, where some sequences (especially horse racing around the center) run too long. <br /> <br /> The fashionable style display is also occasionally impossible - especially for Catherine Hessling's Nana and Raymond Guerin-Catelain's Georges Hugon (one of his different meetings)… although technically they are their characters, ie a bad actress (who goes to the director's lifestyle when he's out of the show) and immature weak. At the same time as Anna Magnani's GOLDEN COACH, Hessling (Renoir's wife at that time, by the way) is not quite attractive enough to be very convincing as the "image of elegance" (as the other admirer describes her at one stage) who is every person he meets. Other celebrities are Dr Caligari himself, Werner Krauss (Nana's most devoted devotee, Count Muffa), Jean Angelo (originally skeptical, but ultimately a tragic defendant of Nana) and the future outstanding film director Claude Autant-Lara (Claude Moore and also the artist) director here) as a close friend of Muffat, but who has been secretly ignored by a woman! <br /> <br /> The print I watched - Lionsgate's "Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector" - is mostly loved and beautifully tinted, previously only available on French DVD. Having built the classics of French literature (Emile Zola, not less), it can't help but has been screened several times and the two most important film versions are Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill and Oman VHS) and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, whom I do not know).
