I loved this movie. I disagree with some of the (negative) criticisms I've read over the years. It was a great tool for Eddie Murphy! He seemed to have a lot of time with Chandler Jarrell and he should never care about what the critics say when he makes it fun? and most of his audience enjoyed it! And it was fun to watch because it combined some fantastic tensions with Mr. Murphy's great comic style. Remember that "golden child" is a "fantasy" movie? just imaginative magic and marvelous in the "real" world. During the release of this movie, I worked in a video rental store. It was one of the most popular among our customers. Every time we put it on our monitor, all the copies we had come out with a list of hopes quickly held it for a month. Anyone who rented it loved it! I was a resident film critic and all my regular customers asked me for their opinion before they rented? it was one of my favorites and I knew the taste of my customers, so I recommended it to most of them. I really feel this movie is Sleeper ?? it may not be too good at the box office? very poor marketing? but later this video rose high in the rental and buying market! (YES, I bought this movie in my video library!). I adored a little boy who played a golden baby? J. L. Reate - but after seeing my profile in IMDb, I noticed that he didn't make any more movies. It is sad because he definitely had an aura on the screen and he could have continued his career in film. I also adored Victor Wong, who played the old man (I loved him partly as "Egg Shen", "Big Trouble in Little China" - 1986). In any case, it was a great movie. The only drawbacks that didn't seem to fit this topic were some parts that are a bit more adult in nature? like "Chandler's pretty sexual comments on the snake lady she was presented as a silhouette." It was funny, but it was still not synchronized. OK, so there was some recommended free scene? Maybe they were put into the peace of mind of the day. It was still an adventurous and emerging film that we need today to escape from the core of the reality and the depressing fluff that we find in Hollywood. Now it's entertainment!
