I always feel strange and guilty, saying it (because I'm a pretty well educated non-teenager), but I'm actually like Olsen's twins, and I respect their films, though I've never been their target group. "Where in Rome" was the traditional Mary-Kate and Ashley film, which, along with foreign trips, accents, motorcycles, adult romance, has a "B" line, fashion orientation, and even credit cropping. I liked myself. "When in Rome" and other Olsen twin films will never serve anything they do not have; most of the time they only play video and they never claim to be the next "Citizen Kane" or even "Affair to Remember". My thing is that people who watch this movie and expect it to be something other than Olsen's double film are disappointed. <br /> <br /> This means that those who are fans of Olsen twins really enjoy it. For those of us who have seen them since the first episodes of "Full House", it's really good to see that they grow into more mature roles. This movie offers important historical and geographic information, like many of your other films (remember 10 Downing Street's "Winning London" and Louvre's "Passport to Paris"?) And offering good, pure fun that can be enjoyed by the whole family. <br /> <br /> As long as I still feel in my soap pack and as long as I get relevant to this movie, allow me a moment to challenge those who refuse Olsen's twins: you don't have to be in California to become a fan of Olsen Pre-earned "Valley Girl". In fact, it is not really a target group. If that were the case, the fashion line for clothing and accessories would go through Gap or some of these stores, not Wal-Mart. "When in Rome", though it is "high fashion" and with the earth and two girls in the Cali Valley, it is not really that ... it is more inspiring for young girls who have the initiative to let them take away their places. If that means setting up a movie in a fascinating foreign country with lovely boys motorcycles, then be it. It's called marketing - you take the idea and sell it to make it attractive. At least they send a good message, even if the tools seem a little superficial. Basically do not tap the movie until you have seen it, and then do not tap it until you have tried to understand what Olsen's twins are doing: they encourage young girls to be creative, intuitive and motivated by young women. This movie does it as I think, as well as others. Kids - Enjoy. Parents - do the same. If you like the Olsen twins, you won't be disappointed.
