The fight against the death penalty is a fair cause. Anyone who makes sense in Europe would think so. In the US everything is different. The film seems to show in the first stage that justice can be won against racist death, which wants American justice. The young man is released from the death penalty thanks to a law professor who went back to defense counseling in a particular case. But the film has a sequel. US justice is entirely governed by vengeance. Justice is governed by the same revenge. One person in a local public law office is a young man for prosecution for wrongdoing. This attorney falls for a while and the young man walks free. But he loses his college scholarship and is castrated by some vengeful people who never have a fire. He hides his shame and swears his revenge. But he must also satisfy his sexual needs, which are more spiritual than hormonal, but even stronger, because he is spiritual and no longer hormonal and he can only do it with little girls. Probably teams with another killer after the same kind of catch. One day, local police officers follow their intuition, guided by some vague facts about the murder of young girls, and they arrest the young man we are talking about. They beat him up and listened to him for 22 hours, but not just about blowing and blowing and phone books and weapons, and Russian roulette. He admits. She was sentenced to death and asks her grandmother to attend a Massachusetts professor who is a spouse of a local public lawyer who was wrongly accused of being a few years ago and revenge on the rails. It fails, but it shows that as soon as one of the judiciary, police and other security forces abandons the line of absolute legitimacy, some inaccurate deeds can be committed that can even ruin the best case of prosecution, and which are the worst deepest imaginative thirst for revenge. Asking for some of the indirect elements is just as bad as allowing the indirect elements to destroy the police or justice. The best intentions of the police have been destroyed by the intent of some personal involvement and revenge, as much as the life of a person can be endangered by circumstances that have expanded to the size of the evidence, which in turn jeopardizes the entire case simply indirectly, so easily removed by a good lawyer. The film is a profound idea of ​​the need to comply with the standards and rules of the entire police and legal framework, if we do not want to make a mistake, which in turn does not justify the death penalty, because anyway, it is the deepest faith Americans should be: "We hold these truths for granted so that all people is created equal to the fact that their creator is attributed to them with certain inalienable rights, that there is life, freedom, and aspiration among them. "(Declaration of Independence) Life is an inalienable right that a person gave by his Creator, which means that someone, but that, who gave it cannot take it away. Only God can take away a person's life. The death penalty is a lofty transfer of power that we do not have. Even if we do not create God, we cannot justify the death penalty, except for revenge, and here the film reveals revenge, which is the worst possible motivation for justice and public peace. If revenge is discarded, there is no other justification for this death penalty. And there can't always be a mistake, not Happiness, but revenge. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University of Paris 8 Saint Denis, University of Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
