September 10, 2005 By: littlehammer16787 From the United States <br /> <br /> Just Cause <br /> <br /> Starring Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> <Br /> Liberal, although the cheerful Harvard law professor Paul Armstrong has been invited to the Flordia Everglades with an unfairly convicted black guy Bobby Earl. Eleven year old girl's cruel murder. As he digs forward and further into a mysterious case, he understands that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. This small police detective Lt.Tanny Brown from small communities is corrupt and poor. When the infamous, psychotic killer of sera Blair Sullivan is introduced. He discovers that he knows the location of the weapon of murder killed by a little girl. When Armstrong finds that Sullivan's road is a small town and his personal letter was written. Bobby Earl gets a reappearance.I'm unlimited in jail and scares his terrible punishment. Everything looks very good until the unexpected phone call of the successive killer Sullivan begins. murderer and he really rapes and kills Joanie Shriver. He just struck a good deal with Sullivan. To get rid of it, he can kill again for revenge. The beautiful wife and daughter of Armstrong. Now Sullivan is executed for his death. Armstrong and a harsh good man, Brown, pursues a malicious criminality against the Everglades to repel him. When they arrive at Armstrong, it becomes clear that the psychotic ill Bobby Earl is going to kill his wife and daughter for a former rape attempt, which inevitably put him in pain and castration.But a good, virtuous cop Brown is present and hampers brutal mercy. Is there a merciless, alluring Alligator scattered and eaten. A good thriller that works. It is a mystery and a subterfuge. How repulsive blacks are threatened by racist lawmakers. They are accused of unfair penalties. Sean Connery is great as unforgettable, holy than your hero. Laureus Fishburne is remarkably astonishing as an average, arrogant but good bachelor. Underwood and Harris are up and uplifting like malicious psychologists.Capeshaw is okay. Ruby Dee is great as a stubborn grandmother. The rest of the cast is also great.
