This movie is really a mixed bag. On the one hand, the movie's story and concept are really good, tense and there are some nice plots. But on the other hand, it is said that everything is very slow, without style and involved. I still just "Just Cause" as a higher-than-average thriller just because of fine aching. I mean, she's not really as credible as her younger daughter's main "hero" and father (otherwise played by a very young Scarlett Johansson) and Kate Capshaw's husband. I think he was just too old to have a truly credible role in it. But Sean Connerey is, of course, a great actor and that's the only reason she can still do the film as well as she does. Of course, he is very much supported by the support of actors such as Laurence Fishburne, Blair Underwood, Ned Beatty, Hope Lange, Lynne Thigpen and Ed Harris. All participants are really good, but some of them are too little used at the same time, which is a real shame and an untapped opportunity. Especially, Ed Harris is a great killer of his psychopathic serum. She's really chilling and doing well. Usually he doesn't play this ruthless, cool type of film, so he really surprises his role in it. His performance alone is no more than a sufficient reason to watch this movie. But due to the fact that the story is spoken without style and too formal, none of the characters in the film really works well because it seems too far away. <br /> <br /> This is actually a story. it kills the whole movie with its subtle potential. Arne Glimcher directs the film in a small style and keeps the pace from time to time too low. That's why we never ever look at a story or any of its characters. <br /> <br /> It's really too bad because "Just Cause" was more than enough. Fine and slippery, with unexpected twists and turns where nothing feels. The story and story is the only reason why this movie is still a higher than average thriller, probably still a fan of the genre. However, it is an eternal shame that the film lacks its own story and style, or else it would have been a classic in its class. <br /> <br /> 7/10
