This is the fifth von Trier movie I've seen. I believe he is the only director to whom I have given such a high score on all my films. Four of them, an element of crime, Europa, breaking the waves and dancing in the dark, I've given 10 and one, idiots, I've given 9 (and I've reviewed whether to give it 10 because I first saw it, though I would like it again before see). He is invited to call himself one of the best supervisors. I tend to agree with him. I can't blame her for lofty movies. After 50 years of retirement, von Trier looks at him as an outstanding filmmaker from Europe (perhaps a planet) and is taught on his behalf. He's just Bergman or Fellini of our time. It is too bad that critics are too intrigued by this interest. <br /> <br /> Europa itself, I confess that it was confusing and that his narrative didn't seem strong. I think it's a thing. This film was obviously to represent a nightmare or a subconscious at some level. It's a very clear film about the story: Max von Sydow's narration. We are hypnotized or von Trier is hypnotized and it is our subconscious. I tend to rely more on my mind because the degradation of Europe concerns me, the American, very little. This design is clear even if you have seen an element of crime that is even more brilliant (although I dispute this in my opinion; what Europe needs more than anything is the correct publication on the DVD, hopefully based on the criterion). aspect ratio and redesigned sound and picture, I'm pretty sure this movie looks just as good as any of Trier's other movies). In the crime element, the film begins with the hypnotist we are now seeing on the screen, a hypnotizing Fisher, a European detective who wants to get to his mental torture. The first words of this movie are "Fantasy is fine, but my job is to keep you on track." And when Fisher tells the story, the hypnotist will kill him and tell him he will return to the story. He laughs even when the character is given a really silly and tritical line. Something like this: "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist laughs and says, "Now, Fisher, he didn't really say was he?" <br /> <br /> So, Europa, the key to another interpretation of the crime element is that we are deep in our / von Trier subconscious, and the symbols there must be interpreted within us and probably different for everyone. What does the train symbolize? Think about it internally and discuss it only then. Europa is a great movie, a masterpiece. I was never bored, though I watched it at 3 am. The perfect time to look, because it works in the logic of dreams.
