Story: Max von Sydow's voice launch hypnotizes the protagonist (and audience) back to 1945, where our main character, young American ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) has just arrived in 1945 to build a country damaged by Germany in 1945. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) supplies Leopold with a large Zentropa train company, but soon Leopold Katharina Hartman (Barbara Sukowa) will fall in love; Zentropa is owned by Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Soon, Leopold will find himself in the corruption network, exploited, lost his ideology and forced to choose between pests or cholera. <br /> <br /> Mysterious, mesmerizing, manipulative, noirish, haunted, beautiful, and ugly. These are some of the immediate, grandiose descriptions that come to mind when thinking about Lars von Teri's 1991 masterpiece EUROPA; The last chapter of the trilogy of Europe. In the US, it was returned to ZENTROPA so that the audience did not interfere with Agnieszka Holland EUROPA EUROPA since 1990 (equally the World War II drama). Europa's trilogy also consists of the 1984 FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EPIDEMIC since 1987 (the infamous experiment that sold only 900 tickets to the Danish cinema). Trilogy deals thematically with the disappearance of hypnotism and idealism, although the topics of this trilogy are not as important as visual. When you open EUROPA, we see a moving locomotive with us, while our unknown narrator hypnotizes us literally: "You are in the spiritual number of ten people in Europe. Be there ten. I say ten". The ability of films to bring the metaphor into the subconscious dream-reality. EUROPA uses a strange but extremely effective visual style - that the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is Teri's main influence, says it all. It's a black-and-white film that is occasionally intertwined with red blood, a red dress, and so on. According to rumors, Steven Spielberg inspired a similar effect in SHINDLER's LIST since 1993 (including the Second World War drama). What's more, Trier uses the so-called Dutch angels and recovers the background predictions by adding separate layered collaborative layers, but unlike the old Hollywood films that used it for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. These carefully executed strange-looking visual techniques emphasize that we are in a dream-reality, we are hypnotized; The EUROPA universe is not real! EUROPA is often criticized for weighing high-tech (eg multilayer background) and character, but sir, that reviewers criticized Stanley Kubrick's 1968 visual masterpiece: SPACE ODYSSEY - nowadays he has a mandatory place in all cinema history books. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is also accused of historical injustice. Obviously, Trier determines too much historical importance of the Nazi werewolf terrorist group. According to the different online sources that are right (an exciting topic - try to do it yourself with Google!), But Teri's goals are not education or the history of portrayal exactly. EUROPA is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, so the universe in which the audience is exposed is a distorted reality. It also shows how our memory deceives us - 100% accurate reconstruction is wrong! Although young audiences experiencing EUROPA are too young to commemorate World War II, we have a shared memory of various BBC documentaries, so these small inaccuracies actually serve the purpose: they tell us that we are not in the Second World War in Germany in 1945, but in memory of Leopolds . <br /> <br /> All three chapters on trilogy in Europe depict young ideologists who have a worthy intent to force corruption and lose their ideological innocence. The ambiguous ends of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show ideologists that they will forever stick to their hypnotized reality. Before, after, and after taking pictures in EUROPA in Poland in 1990, Lars von Trier and co-author Niels Vørsel were very popular for World War II. It shows. It is packed with extremely beautiful shots that catch the local atmosphere. An excellent example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was fired in Poland mainly for economic reasons) in the latest EUROPA law. As in 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY I think EUROPA will be the place it has earned in cinema history. The method of turning this old film-noir love-clichés and visual techniques is so unique, strange and completely different from what you see today in Hollywood, or some other dream factory. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is an important film for Lars von Teri's catalog. Some write it for pure commercial speculation, but it would be catastrophic. There is also the right place for other Trier classics and semi-classics, such as the 1984 FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT, the 1993 TV series RIGET and the 2003 DOGVILLE. It is a unique experience before Trier for his actors and before Dogme95 Manifesto. Look out! "Ten times ..." 9/10
