I looked at it from the history of Brazilian black comedy in 1971, but that doesn't mean it wasn't available to me because the film makes it very clear. It is set in the 16th century Brazil, where competing French and Portuguese settlers use their indigenous peoples to dominate the battle. Of particular interest is that it is in French in Portuguese. The hero is a pleasant Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbarians and the rest of the French are oppressive and greedy. Portuguese filmmakers are objective, because when everything is said and done, we see that it doesn't make a difference. It is related to heredity, whose environment is overcome by tribes. The enemies are being prepared and staying, and the integration of environmental issues will never move. <br /> <br /> Portugal is captured by a Frenchman, then the indigenous tribe, Tupinamba, after they kill a Portuguese group. The shaman of the tribe predicted that they would find a strong Portuguese language, who would revenge, because the brother of the chief man was killed by the marble ball of Portugeus. Believing that the Frenchman is Portuguese, they believe they now have one. Nonetheless, the French is given unlimited moves to the village, sooner or later to the woman, and she takes her western dress or clothes instead of her accustomed look. Another Frenchman arrives at the village and tells the tribe that their detainee is indeed Portuguese, then the Frenchman confirms that he tells them the truth when a Frenchman finds a secret treasure near another European. /> I found the opening place funny, because the narration that is placed on the screen with its contradictions is a big satire, even if the film doesn't seem to want to keep that tone much more often. This is not really a terrible riveting film. The rich, indispensable locality, the fierce lifestyle and the mature local women make not only the French, but we also forget about any threat and we feel it free. It should not be so terribly difficult to escape. Cannibalism is as weak as the desire, as cast in the full-length nudity offered as an unrepresented core of the dry political copy of Pereira dos Santos' new world mythology and undeveloped social cohesion. In any case, this social commentary of the 1500s encourages the 365 islands near the bay, playing almost completely naked and almost entirely written in Tupi.
