CCCC is the first good film in Bollywood in 2001. When I first saw the movie trailer, I thought it would be a nice family movie. I was right. Salman Khan has given the strongest result. My family was not very interested in her, but after seeing the film, my family was very impressed with her. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The film is a huge hit because of the three main stars. It's about Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya meeting and falling in love. They get married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they come back, Raj and Priya find that Priya is pregnant. The Raji family is full of joy when they find especially Raji dada (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family play a cricket one day and Priyal is an accident that causes mischief for Priy. Raj has a very close friend, a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that he no longer has children. Raj and Priya keep this family quiet. Raj and Priya decide to go to surrogate. Their replacement is that they find the girl and Raji and this girl gets the baby together and then hand over Raj and Priya to the child. Raj finds a girl. His name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells him the situation and bribes him money and he agrees. Raj makes Madhubala completley. Raj tells Priya that she has found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do that, no one can find it. Priya spends the night in the church and Raj and Madhubala are alone and they spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and they are all happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala must love Raji and she wants her. What happens next? See CCCC to find out. One thing that didn't like the film is their idea of ​​surrogate. They should have done it right in the movie, but it didn't spoil the movie. It was still great. <br /> <br /> The song's songs are great. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", Dekhne Walon Ne "," Deewana Hai Yeh Mann "and" Mehndi ". The song" Mehndi "is very colorful, this sentence shows bharai, what's going on and it's very colorful. / 10!
