A couple of years ago, a friend from one of his friends sent Michael Manni's "Heat". When we finished this movie and stood up, we saw that there was another movie right after that, with the owner of the tape surrounding the tape. But we were all glued back to their own stand with no credit. <br /> <br /> Some two hours later I just sat down thinking: How could I not have heard of this masterpiece before? .. <br /> <br /> This movie was Europa. Lars von Trier woke up from the dead, deconstructed reality film with deliberately obvious sets, but often similar to postwar German photographs. And then complicated cuts! <br /> <br /> The story itself is hard to take on the moral odyssey that has no happy ending. A young American pacifist of German origin arrives in post-war Germany, with the intention of making some good rewards for the bombs that his Estonians fell. But he mostly responds to mistrust and self-destruction. He hires a dining and sleeping company Zentropa (modeled by Mitropa), whose owner is one of Nazi companions. Our hero loves his daughter - who later becomes a member of werewolves, Nazi post-war terrorists. If he no longer understands the world (or just Europeans), he blows his rage under the train he just recorded. <br /> <br /> As a final remark on historical correctness: the real world, the werewolf was not so important as the film, they were mostly the final coup of Nazi propaganda. After the SS unit was assassinated by the ally of Aachen, occupied by allies, two months before the capitulation, the Nazis announced the creation of whole legions of saboteurs and terrorists willing to fight behind the werewolf. But only a few hundred mostly Hitler's youngsters received some training, and although two or three times the murder of communist or forced aliens in Bavarian villages was used, Hitler's death and the end of the war were perceived as a permanent fear of the people. But werewolf propaganda had a profound effect on the occupants. They were afraid that the werewolf was everywhere, suspected of having a serious accident - but without exception, another reason was found later (some recent pseudo-historians ignored it). For example, when the bombed Bremen police headquarters gas exploded or when the Soviet military commander died in a motorcycle accident in Berlin. The impact was the strongest for the Soviet Union, which arrested tens of thousands (largely children!) Of suspected werewolves and closed them in prison camps where many of them died.
