Prolific and highly influential filmmaker Martin Scorsese explores the selection of his favorite American films, grouped by three different leaders: director as illusionist: D.W. Griffith or F.W. Murnau, who created new editing techniques among other changes that made the appearance of sound and color a step later; director as a smuggler: filmmakers such as Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller and mostly Vincente Minnelli who used rebel messages in their films; and director as an iconocla: those filmmakers who attack civilian surveys and social hang-ups, such as Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. <br /> <br /> He shows us how Hollywood's old studio system was oppressive, but the way film directors had to advance the media because they were bound by political and financial constraints. Based on the films she shows us, we not only discovered movies we haven't seen before, but we're looking at our interests, but we also see what she sees. He appreciates his stylistic feelings with the leaders of these sequences. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a movie canon is known as snobbish, which is why some movie fans and critics are simply in favor of "creating lists". However, canon only stands for "the best" and film channel supporters say it is a valuable activity to compile and collect the "best" movies, such as the biggest stroke of tape, just like the film students. In conclusion, experience has shown that all film descriptions, including reviews, work to build a movie channel. Some film channels may certainly be elite, but others may be "populist". For example, the list of Internet Movie Database's Top 250 movies includes a number of films that are included in a number of "elite" movie transmissions, but also includes recent Hollywood composers, where many films "elitists" scare like The Dark Knight, which is now blending into the top ten godfathers In the middle of the movie, Schindler's list flown and one flew over the cuckoo's nest and fluctuations in similar productions, such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. Paul Schrader, the taxi driver of the writer Scorses, simply referred to his canon as "elitist" and claims it to be positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese has never spoken particularly about his social and political ideologies, but when we look at this intense and indeed obsessive lesson about the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological worlds, we see that there really is no special virtue for elite or populism. Elitism focuses on all the attention, recognition, and therefore power of those who are considered outstanding. This discrimination can easily lead to a lot of self-esteem in Jean-Luc Godard's divergent work veins or over-regulation of the filmmaker Michael Haneke's production practice. But populism refers to the belief in representative freedom that it is only a statement of human will. As stated earlier, all-inclusive misconceptions about cinema in humans can be the end of the potential power and influence of cinema. It is possible to continue watching movies because it is an important social and metaphysical practice. And what Martin Scorsese spends here for almost four hours trying to tell us something that cannot be said without seeing.
