When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create the American part of his century cinema, he seized the opportunity with both hands. A personal journey through American films is exciting, wide-ranging and, as the title says, is a very personal look at the Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Scorce's story is mainly about Hollywood directors? actors, producers, screenwriters and other collaborators do not mention. From the outset, he argues that for him the primary conflict in the film industry is that the director's vision and distributor's profit motive between art and commercial viability. He even opens Vincent Minnell's 'The Bad' and 'Beautiful' clip, one of the first films to openly explore this contradiction. It dictates the structure of documentaries. Scorcese examines how the genres are darkened and the clichés have become a challenge to how the mavericks have challenged the production code and how certain filmmakers fell in love when they dared to be different. At the same time, Scorcese would never get to the author's gateway who freed the directors who were always happy about the studio's superiors (he would give Cecil B. De Mille praise) or those with less recognizable styles, but still cinema masters. <Br /> <br /> Scorcese may also not focus on his absolute favorite conductors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorces' biggest influences, it is only mentioned before). Instead, it looks at individuals and movies that help to tell their story. For example, he shows us successive John Ford films to show how the West has evolved. He looks at the work of Vincente Minnell (probably the most frequently cited director of the documentary) to show how a supposedly healthy genre, such as music, can also have darker currents. I can imagine that if this task was not limited to America, Scorce would also have loved to speak, for example, of his Italian influence or of the British hero Michael Powell. As he is, does he extend the concepts of American films to Hollywood films of immigrant leaders, such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of filmmakers born in the United States, produced elsewhere? such as Stanley Kubrick. <br /> <br /> Instead of just talking about Hollywood history, Scorce compares movies from different ages to solve different topics. In his film language and tools section, he begins with DW Griffith, looks at the sound, color and widescreen scenes, and inevitably comes across the computer-generated effects that, although Scorcese does not want them, enough to capture George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola clips that protect them. But he does not finish the chapter just as it would be. Instead, he returns to the 1940s to show how a low budget horror like Cat People can achieve the most effective and cost-effective result. <br /> <br /> Personal trips through American movies must be one of the best films. There were a number of outstanding directors and pictures I would never have discovered, and even the most experienced film fans would probably find something new on their own. Scorcese has also restored balance to forgotten or underestimated images. I was pleased to see that when he talks about Kubrick in his "Iconoclates" chapter, he looks at Lolita and Barry Lindon, his two most underrated films. Scorce's respect for the media is displayed in a way that allows the clips to play fully, not just to give us small bits, and it only interrupts them with the headset (a combination of archives and new interviews) only when needed. There is a bit of prejudice in the 40's and 50's, but it is not surprising, because it is the era when Scorcese grew up and discovered the cinema. And after all, I don't think this documentary could have been achieved if it wasn't a personal journey. <br /> <br /> One document that warns, though thoroughly looking at certain images, includes a fair pair of spoilers.
