An interesting aspect of "apprenticeship" shows that traditional job interviews and continuation may not predict teamwork skills, commitment to tasks, and performance. And they certainly do not reflect any hidden action plans. In other words, a good potential indicator may be seeing a job applicant in an activity that is the "apprentice" idea. People struggling for a business position can give sugar-covered continuation, and put their best personality outfits on the interview, but they may not be the best strengths, weaknesses, and performance indicators. <br /> <br /> In short, The Apprentice includes 16 candidates who compete for the ultimate career opportunity - a position in a real estate magnet in Donald Trump's investment firm. "Apprentice" refers to the winner who wins the paid position, learns independently the art of making high bets, and is expected to acquire the main business links. Function is the dream truth for those who want to make more money than some foreign GNP. To attract the candidates, Trump shows his private plane, his private luxury apartments are full of shapes and works of art, his limits, connections with celebrities and other aspects of billionaire life. <br /> <br /> The road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams competing with each other. Each of them has a corporate name such as Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. Teams are assigned tasks related to entrepreneurship, such as creating advertising, selling goods or negotiating. Teams will choose a project manager who will provide management and organizational skills to perform the task. When they win, the driver gets a lot of credits, especially in the eyes of the final arbitrator. If they lose, the driver may also become a fish roe. Some tasks are monumentally complex in just one or two days. Tasks may include the creation of television advertising or print advertising. Others may include selling at a retail outlet or on the street. <br /> <br /> Tasks bring out the best and worst participants. Often, they immediately show who is the most reliable, the most reliable and hardworking. And the tasks also reveal who is not a good team player, who is ineffective and who seems to be out for himself. Tasks always show the strengths and weaknesses of participants in unexpected ways, and especially the project manager. How well a manager communicates with a team, delegates work, organizes time and sets specific goals, determines the outcome largely, but it may not predict the predictor. <br /> <br /> The single most unambiguous aspect of potential is when it is assigned to a project manager. Their real abilities, not their widespread abilities, immediately show a veneer that cannot be concealed by a $ 100 silk tie or a beautiful makeover. Management features and / or weaknesses often become agonizing in a few minutes. Those who are themselves leaders in excellence are not always as strong as they are in the realm of leadership. It is always easier to "produce your horn" than actually deal with management. Project managers, even those who have won in teams, often do not form a coherent strategy. Often, they believe that diving deep into the task in the first minute, not taking the time to organize and discuss how the task is done is more effective. More often than not, poor strategic team members like headless chicks, who see it when they go, and in the long run, they waste much more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team tastes high in life, such as dinner in an exclusive restaurant, flying on a private plane and / or meeting with fame. The lost team arrives at a terrible table space where Trump hears members' flat excuses and picks up one or more rivals, such as pieces on the chessboard now in the notorious "You're fired". Often, the project manager is partly responsible for the loss of the team and may be the object of Trump's accusing rhetoric. Every week, at least one person gets an accident from the loser. <br /> <br /> My little favorite "Student" is the board room. Although the tasks bring out the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the board often brings out the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game require one winning team and one losing team, even if the race was close. The lost team members will accuse each other, often ruthlessly, of guilty. And sometimes more than one person is fired. I rarely see that an under-performing candidate is responsible for his / her activities in the boardroom. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were probably the only candidates who took full responsibility for the loss of their team and did not receive recognition for this selfless action. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were the most honest of all the candidates. But Trump saw Christ as weak and triggered him, claiming that he was not standing for himself, which could mean he appreciates the ego more than integrity. No one should sacrifice their honesty for that. Kristi Frank may not be a trainee, but he may live with himself, knowing that he does not blame others unfairly. Isn't it as valuable as "winning"? <br /> <br /> "Teacher" strength is also its weakness. As team performance is rigorously evaluated by winners and losers, other assessment options are ignored. With the big gaps between winning and losing teams, the team sometimes has lost a high level of teamwork and efficiency. I've seen teams are sometimes lost because of better organization. Our Americans have so often won and lost that we often forget about excellence.
