In this pool, in this pond, there are water bodies and frogs. Frogs sit on lilies. The frog and lilac have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a lilac, synchronized swimming group that crushes Floraine (Adele Haenel), a frog, captain of her team. Floraine's teammates are pushing their leader, because the anti-cataract curvy and proportional blonde will unleash a person who puts the synchronized swimmer's mindset into line and discipline. But floraine has a secret; The bomb has a bomb that visually shows to the audience before he trusts Marie. <br /> <br /> Floraine is never like a boy. At the party, we see a double image of a growing bomb bomb that controls her make-up in the bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is a fata morgana. Marie can feel the Floraine doubling while her imitation breaks the lily's heart. While the frog moves through the capture of the flies for the look of the flies, it gets snowy when no one looks. In the most striking scene of the film, lilac agrees to give the frog a hand to lose its innocence through mechanical action of oral stimulation. Floraine wants boys to love her, but she doesn't like boys, seemingly, but it's more important to the frog that she is popular. If the lilac can kiss the frog, the frog will remain. The frog cannot become a source of water or a princess because the watershed lost its frog value. After opening their lips, Floraine Marie says, "Look, it's easy", which is the frog's ability to equate her kiss with the orgasm her friend gave her when overtaking without any strings. Flora's beauty is a burden. He carries the weight of boys' expectations. Florence uses Marie to have one final blowout before her fata morgana is exposed to her imitation cabinet. <br /> <br /> Second column, second frog, Marie's best friend Anne (Louise Blachere) and Floraine's frustrated boyfriend Francois (Warren Jacobs), like all lilies and frogs, are also parasitic. Although Floraine uses love for Marie, Francois uses Anne for sex. But it's life; it is a betrayal of growth, where even a friend turns to a good friend when the possibility of upward movement of the food chain is highlighted. McDonalds cuts lily water on a second watercolor after swimming has a lot of frostbite. Physical beauty is the currency. Marie can call the frames because Anne, though far from ugly, is overweight and has an unpleasant hairstyle. Anne tries to fight her breasts using her attacks (her Happy Meal magnifying glass also commented on Marie's flat chest), but the devil (Marie thinks she's better than Anne, better than lily) that her breasts are a by-product of fat. <br /> <br /> Teenage girls can be cruel to each other. <br /> <br /> Later, when "Naissance des pieuvres" was last released, Marie also has a double chance, and this symbiosis of lilac can change parasites in the near future if it is not yet. Teenage girls can be brutal in relation to each other so that no boy can fit.
