Water Lilies is a well-made first film from France on the sexuality and friendship of young women. Sciamma works with a special, lightly disinfected material that is otherwise appealing. The film focuses only on three middle-aged teenage girls in a clean new suburb of Paris. Their life revolves around a large indoor pool where three out of three are part of a synchronized water ballet team. <br /> <br /> Disorders such as parents, siblings, work, and school are purely removed from the equation. Central sensitivity belongs to attractive but lean Marie (Pauline Acquart) who is not in the team but thinks she wants to be. Marie worships Florian (Adèle Haenel), an attractive blonde and teammate whose boys are after. It takes Marie away from her former best friend, as well as a member of the water ballet team, somewhat obese Anne (Louise Blachère). Less special Anne is indeed more accessible to boys. Floriane, like this movie, promises a little more than she really offers. Marie has a higher quality for teenage girls: she suffers from the inside. Flroiane doesn't suffer so much to jump in situations and then bolt. <br /> <br /> Marie has blinded both water ballet and Floriane glamor. Floriane uses it to make Marie the first time she slaves and to cover her tasks without having other friends. All other girls think Floriane is a slut, an illusion that she encourages men and boys she bullies because it drives them. He suffers from the fate of a girl that he is not a human, but an object, and he cannot resist being given by boys because he wants to kiss him and put him in bed, but he doesn't care about him and knows how to involve him is a trap. Involving Marie in her palm so her (unseen) mother does not know she is going against the boys, she also gets Marie to save her boys later. First it seemed the opposite, but Floriane needs Marie as much as Marie thinks she needs her. Anne stayed against her body for discomfort and desire, which is more earthy and more real than other girls. <br /> <br /> By keeping all the external contexts open, Sciamma can highlight the subtle shifts in the delicate equations of the three girls' purpose and interaction. On the other hand, the madness of the film, which contains a lot of shower and spit, as well as underwater swimming images, sometimes makes it completely breathless and some of its 95 minutes do not move so fast. Luckily, the film has a sense of humor and sometimes lets the trio forget about their constant goals and evasions, and just make stupid, pointless girls' things. It is exciting moments that give the film life; too bad so that they no longer exist. But Sciamma is bold about her obsessions, and what remains out of the theater is personalities and their dynamics. Of course, it is nice to watch swimming and gaze on the girls who understand the love of themselves. <br /> <br /> There is no great revelation or drama, but things become a bit more interesting when it turns out Marie does not admire, but really wants Florian and is jealous for her boyfriends - whom Floriane always stops before all the way out. In a typical irony of such a plot, Floriane decides that she wants her first real sex with Marie - but Marie is the one who keeps her out because she knows she doesn't have any importance for Florian to have her. When that happens, it's a terrible, mechanical thing. Meanwhile, Anne has a large number of Francois (Warren Jacquin), a male swimmer, but of course she is after Floriane. Boys are not divorced and there are always several dozen at the pool or dance floor, but they are just bodies and faces, available in studs.
