The meaning of the French film "La Naissance des Pieuvres", which literally means "octopus birth", is quite unclear, so it may not be surprising that it has been marketed in English-speaking countries as "Water Lilies". The English title "lilies" are three teenage girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, who are members of a synchronized swimming team in the suburbs of Paris, and the film is an "aging" drama associated with their first sexual feel. <br /> <br /> One such feature of a movie, perhaps unusual, is that it focuses exclusively on the relationships between the youngsters themselves. We don't see anything from our parents or their teachers and very little from the adult world at all. The three girls are very different in appearance and are depicted in very different characters. The frightening, retiring Marie is thin and small and seems to be the youngest of the three. Anne is something ordinary Jane, a Floriane glamorous blonde who is very popular with boys. These three, together with the beautiful man's swimmer Francois, are related to what could be described as a love-quadrilateral. <br /> <br /> Anne is in love with Francois, but she is hit by Floriane, who seems to be returning her affection, though she is not the only one to adore her. Indeed, not all Floriane admirers are men, because Marie is against her attractive friend. The film describes the way in which their friendship develops; at first it seems that Floriane just uses Marie as a comfortable excuse when he actually goes against the boys; her parents allegedly objected to her boyfriends boys, but they have no objections to female friends. Later, however, we realize that, despite Floriane as a sexy, popular girl who is always the focus of men's attention, she is in fact Marie's sense of correspondence. The film cancels some common stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and rather thick face, usually looks like "flesh", but she is the only one of the three main characters who are unequivocally heterosexual, while the more commonly feminine Marie and glamorous Floriane are lesbian or at least bisexual. > Age classes are widespread, although most of them tend to avoid the controversial topic of teenage lesbians. However, "Water Lilies" is dealing with its theme in a sensitive way, with three very good performers from three leading actors, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationship between symbols, especially Marie and Floriane, is complex and capable of interpreting several interpretations. (For example, does Floriane just use Marie for sex or does she have a truly romantic feel for her? Is Floriane's brilliant behavior with Francois and other boys a device that hides her lesbian feelings from outside the world? Hide them from herself?) It was the first a film made by his young director Celine Sciamma (only 27); on this basis, he must be considered a very promising newcomer. 7/10
