I looked at Shore's departure the other day. I've seen it so many times and I'm never tired of it. Oddly enough, it always takes me the first time I saw it when I watch it lately. Including this time. Must have a sense of mystery and "What's going on here?" Strangely enough, the story was a part that I always felt uncomfortable and uncomfortable for me, this time really impressive - Ruth. I think it was a lot of Gerald Fried. This is a real masterpiece! The romantic part was reused - much more extensive - this PARADISE SIDE. But of course it debuted here. I get the impression that all the girls Kirk knew over the years that he was "the most beloved". When he said, "Do you have to go?" Together with music, I really felt the pain she had to feel that she couldn't stay with her. <br /> <br /> Someone commented online Ruth seemed older than he was, but he didn't think he'd ever aged 15 years. What makes me think ... OLE he was one of the academy teachers. Kirk had a thing with an older woman. (Maybe he thought about it in MIRI when he said to Janice, "I'm never involved with older women." Maybe he thought, "... more." <br /> <br /> ST reading ST looks at another day, I see someone comparing WHAT ARE MULTIPLE, MITD, but it seems that SHORE LEAVE should be there as well as all those who are not androids? Whoever he is, he seems to be one of the RARE cases in ST, where you have a race that is actually "better", not just thinking they are. <br /> Yeoman Barrows seems to be filling Yeoman Rand, considering how much attention Dr. McCoy smoked to him, is another frustrating example of a potentially good character who appears once and never shows! One thing that was missing from the last one, what I looked at here she went back, Spock was smiling, she was! I saw her. I keep going all the time, not this "sunk" business. If she said, "Enjoy yourself, sir. "Near the beginning you saw that it was not just a referral to his superior commander, but he told his friend. And at the end, when he unnecessarily says, "Totally illogical!", I can't help but think he will only do this to trigger a reaction. She may not smile or laugh, but I think she loves seeing her members around her.
