It's a romp; many Trek fans don't appreciate it as high as the well-known classic episodes because they don't have the deep meaning or undertone of their really big ones, but it is as well done as it is, as successful as pure entertainment, it always makes my personal list of top dozens episodes, no matter what mood I am. Several well-known feature films ("Westworld") and TV shows (the more "Fantasy Island") took this episode as a prerequisite (of course TNG updated the concept with holodec technology). Beautifully filmed (especially visible in the restored version and DVD) and targeted, it takes place in a nice park-like environment that the company has just reached. It is strange that there is no animal life here, even insects (how the flowers are pollinated), but things are really strange when the landing partner members see people from the past (Kirk is difficult from the past, it turns out), as well as the numbers of other well-known fantasy stories. Sulu even finds an old-fashioned police revolver (undoubtedly adding his sword collection). <br /> <br /> With this Trek series item (halfway in the first season), the main characters were pretty much caught up in the old friends we've known for many years to come. Here we can see them really relax, chat and work together to find out the puzzle of this episode: the strong narrative is again mysterious, and the audience is on the road, as Kirk and his friends are trying to get rid of a very bizarre series of events that will definitely have a fun taste for them. It is almost charming, observing the stubborn style, when Kirk was finally maneuvered to radiate downward after he showed certain signs of stress and fatigue (Enterprise was recommended, just ended a harassing mission). Then Dr McCoy kills a knight in a riding horse; yes, this is Dr. McCoy's last episode ... just joking. But this is not a story for the rest of the landing partner at this point in the story. McCoy has really died for all goals and goals, and, like the best Trek episodes, the other side of this adventure goes beyond the pace and speed of frenzied, desperate action. All of this has noticed Kirki's decisive answer to Sulu, who expresses his understanding that one of these events is just after McCoy's death - Kirk reaches its end, come what may be. <br /> <br /> But this is not much easier for Kirk: this is probably the longest staged mine-a-my fight for the series that Kirk Tussleeb has on his academic days, which seems to be going on over half of the planet. Nonetheless, the scenes of extraordinary tenderness, the second of the past, are offset by this. This episode runs through all human experience, but is more suited to the light we learn from the real purpose of this strange planet. It is gratifying that the script really explains all the cases, in contrast to some pointless approach that passes through many other fantasy and sci-fi series with similar lines (unexplained appearances from people who could not be there). And in fact, there is a story about subtext - that we humans need to work out their tension and fatigue in a certain way, or we just don't work in a "normal" natural way. Also note the very lovely appearance of Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Beach, who did not come back before the first Trek movie '79. I believe that after this episode, Trek fans could not wait to wait for the next appearance of all their favorite characters. But I'll leave this episode final, maybe thinking about torture: when McCoy was killed (confirmed by Spock), how do we know that it was our true McCoy who kicked back the ship? Perhaps this explains why McCoy was still controlling the starships for about a century and reached Data very well.
