Hollow Man begins as a brilliant but faulty scientist, Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon) finally finds out how to make things visible once his serum is invisible. They test the serum on the invisible Gorilla and it works great, Caine and his team of assistants are celebrating, but while he should announce a breakthrough for his military supporters, Caine wants to be the first invisible person. He can convince his team to help him and the procedure works well and Caine becomes invisible, but if they try to bring him back, the serum will fail and he will remain invisible. The team is desperately looking for an antidote, but nothing works, Caine starts slowly grabbing the reality when she realizes what power she has, but can't use it in the lab. But then again he is an invisible right, he can do something he wants ... <br /> <br /> Paul Verhoeven, I liked a rather hollow man. You know it's just after Christmas, I saw it a couple of hours ago in late night / early morning on cable TV and in the worst situation I feel bad, not because of the movie, but thanks to the chocolate and bubbly pop I've had in the past a week, so I will keep it brief. The Andrew W. Marlowe manuscript has a decent pace, but it drags a little in the middle and has a good central premise, it takes its basic idea that the invisible is crazy like the original Invisible Man (1933) film, which Hollow Man obviously owes honestly. It succeeds in the value of a successful horror, sci-fi & action and a little entertainment for 110 minutes. I thought the character was okay, I thought some of the film's ideas were good, although I think it is common knowledge that Verhoeven does not deal with the penis, the first thing he sees is the invisible Caine who is one of his team and then when he enters the outside world, he has raped a woman in Cain who has a justification for "who knows" what Caine himself says. Then, of course, there is gore, he shows that the rat is broken and it is only after the credit is opened, that it is fair to him, this time the violence is a little thinner, but it has a rather disgusting and sadistic tone. Having said that, I love horror / gore / exploitation movies, so Hollow Man gives me, it's just that it's not necessarily everyone's cup of tea. <br /> <br /> Director Verhoeven does a good job or should it be special effects guys make him look good. The special effects of Hollow Man are really remarkable and more or less flawless, their brilliant and straightforward and straightforward. There are also good horrors and activities here, even if the climate fight is a bit general. I love the effect that Kevin Bacon disappears in one layer at a time with the veins, organs and bones at a full exhibition, or the opposite happens to Gorilla. There are some gory moments, including rat being eaten, someone is impanked on spike and someone has their head broken with open blood splashing results. <br /> <br /> What a fabulous budget about $ 95,000,000 Hollow Man is technically wrong, I can imagine interviews on DVDs where some special effects say they mapped Bacon's entire body to the last vein they actually did because you know that everyone is watching if one of his veins is missing or in the wrong position? Action was OK, Bacon made a good mad scientist against the hero. <br /> <br /> Hollow Man is one of the big buds of the Hollwood extravagant budget, where effects and action are central to any substantive story or character, but sometimes be brutally honest that we all like it in the movie, well, I know that i do. Good for sure big budget entertainment with a slightly nastier and darker line than a regular Hollywood product that is definitely worth it.
