It seems that many IMDB comments on this movie have been biased in the sense that they are trying to compare it with the older version. True, "HOLLOW MAN" is rewritten to "HUMAN MAN", but the similarities end. "HOLLOW MAN" is a fun movie, period. If you are watching a movie with the aim of finding as many mistakes as you can, you should not watch the movies first. True, some movies are usually intimidating and intolerable, but "HOLLOW MAN" succeeds in the sense of entertainment and thinking about what you would do if you were invisible and if you agreed with your friends. Kevin Bacon marks an eccentric scientist who, together with a team of collaborators, finds a way to make animals invisible. Now his task is to make them visible again. If this team of young scientists (working, as you think, for the Pentagon) thinks they have a formula for making the animals re-visible, Kevin's bacon for volunteers is the first to try a new experimental drug. After that, of course, things go wrong because Kevin Bacon remains invisible to the rest of the film and is required to wear a latex mask so that his associates know where he is. The feelings of paranoia and despair begin to take over Kevin's character and when he discovers that his former girlfriend and associate (Elisabeth Shue) often interacts with the young team of young scientists, he finally clicks. The film then becomes a hybrid of "ALIEN" and slasher flick, but that does not mean that it is bad. There are fears and chills, and the movie is moving at a nice pace. Special effects are top-notch (quality that is always common in all Paul Verhoeven's films) when we see some "body recovery" sequences that have never been seen on film before. If there is something to blame, the predictability of the situations here is predictable; For the first hour of the movie, you know that Kevin's bacon makes it jump strange and eccentric, that it would eventually be a murderous lunatic. And the end is a bit steep, but nevertheless, HOLLOW MAN is still worth a look. If you want to know what a real bad movie is, then waste your money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or worse on UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh" with Land Henriksen). Now, it's "hollow"! 8 * 10 *!
