It's a porn movie of nature. Porno, I don't mean sex. I mean free (for example) thousands of birds together or hundreds of white or giant waterfalls or icebergs. Several of the shots in the movie seem to exist only to get into the trailer to get people to theaters to see it for ten seconds before it disappears, so it won't be shown again to the rest of the movie. > <br /> There's almost no plot in this movie. Said to wait for the story of three animal families, "better than the penguins in March," the movie just doesn't offer. There are three main areas of accusation: (1) writers who gave James Earl Jones some of the worst features in the history of nature, (2) a musical team that dramatized everything to tell you what you should know, even if the film is unable to motivate and ultimately most important ( 3), editors who had a story jump from place to place without rhyme or reason, continuity, lack of flow, sucking the whole movie life - a movie of life. When we got to the side of the film, I fell back in the hope of hope that the film was more than halfway through and that I could survive a long endurance test with animals on the screen with almost no science. They attributed warm and cold (all, not just seasons) to the Earth, ignoring the fact that we would have even more extreme extremes to the location if there was no tilting because the posts would never be warm. And it would be the worst if we had no rotation (revolution) like Mercury, because half of the planet would mature and the other half would freeze. Finally, they used the phrase "people and animals" as if humans were not animals, but somehow freed from the laws of nature. So much for science. <br /> <br /> I have to credit the camera and again I call this nature porn. Everything from super-slow motion to what seems to be fine tuned mechanically controlled slow motion photography was used to provide some (and cautious, only "some") stunning moments that raise the bar compared to other natural movies. That means I am not convinced that it was the whole thing on the screen. Some shots that show great watering holes in Africa seemed like CGI for me. The director could have expected such doubts, and other shots were built to show that it was all natural, but they didn't. <br /> <br /> For the film about the country, I had been expecting much more from the Earth. What we saw was pristine. We should take the narrator's word that some species are under threat from climate change. They didn't show us any evidence of that. They didn't show us how Alberta's poisonous tails are visible from space. They didn't show us the big Pacific trash. They didn't show us a night picture of the contamination of human light on the planet. These are as many Earth as anything else. Why cover this feeling-good whitewash? <br /> <br /> My last criticism of content is robbery. Every time the hunter was actually shown to the predator, the music turned almost to Mt Doom's scene from the Lord of the Rings, with the predator being some of Sauron's supreme evil character. But predators are not evil. They provide the service they need to ensure that the best members of the catch species survive. We are predators ourselves. Every time a predator catches the catch, we immediately cut something else to pretend that death and eating do not really happen. The ultimate insult was the "father" polar bear that died after he dared to eat. "Bad bear! Bad!", You can almost hear that they say. <br /> <br /> Get yourself. My theater may be guilty of this, but maybe not. I had been waiting for something more clear when I saw my HDTV at home. But the picture was blurry and it was presented in the same 16: 9 relationship that I could get home instead of the broader relationship many of the movies are coming these days. And at the end of one actionable scene, there was a film (I can't imagine that it would happen digitally, how it looked), and we lost many colors, finally black. It repeats about three times. <br /> <br /> When they actually sit on a tree, it's worth it. But how do I know?
