The spoiler warning is for those people who want to see what animals and landscapes go before their eyes, even though I don't mention it in great detail. <br /> <br /> "Earth" is ca. A 90-minute cinema version based on "Planet Earth" which I watched on all BBC TVs. The TV version was told by David Attenborough, an exciting commentator I had wanted for "Earth", but that is Patrick Stewart, Captain of Star Trek Picard. Space is regularly made from the ground, so it may be appropriate. In any case, he has a nice and calm voice. There are 12 chapters in which we observe animal life on earth from Antarctica in northern Poland. 3 animal families, polar bears, elephants and whales appear in more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" begins with a reference to how far the North Pole or Equator is. We see something from every animal species, but only from mammals and birds, and some fish, and some beautiful flora, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungle images, an almost perfect idea of ​​the diversity of life and landscapes and climate. You get the impression that only animals live on our planet: people or villages or cities are not in the movie, so it's a typical nature documentary, but strikes and delights you with pleasant music. When the movie was opened, I already knew it would end for me too early. It's a family movie, so no animal killing. When his hunter is caught, it ends and ends in other cases when we see that the catch has been caught, it hits slowly, which makes its small children more violent and guarded (age limit 6). Blood does not throw. Some scenes (newly born animals) are really cute and kids love. It seems to be a normal natural movie, but if you know how many days spent (4000) and how much money it costs, it becomes even more amazing. It was a Dutch premiere yesterday, a month before the actual release, in a 500-seat cinema of which 15 were taken. The true beauty of cinema visitors is rarely interesting, it seems. Since I knew the TV series, I was, of course, very curious when my favorite scenes changed this movie. Some did not, but the most impressive shots (big waterfalls) were fortunate. It was the first time I ever called on the film in the wild.
