I heard nothing more than great things from the 2006 television mini-series "Planet Earth", which was told by my childhood idol David Attenborough. Nevertheless, has it been done here in Australia or elsewhere, have I never stuck with it and when did I see the ground (2007)? full-length compilation with the same natural beauty? on the big screen I jumped on this option. The theater was basically empty; only one other patron sat in front of me, and it would be like I would have had not only a big screen, but also the whole earth. Within 90 minutes, I was reduced to the beauty and dangers of an isolated desert, among some of the most beautiful living creatures. Awesome in its scale and still painfully intimate times, "Earth" is the heartfelt feeling of filmmakers to recognize the delicate balance of our planet's life and how people's invasion has placed countless famous animal and plant species on the edge Although the film, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, claims clearly defending the desert, he refrains from propaganda in his head over beating and the political puzzle is completely ignored; indeed, man is not visible. Instead, we are simply taking a breath-taking journey into the natural world to experience the endurance and weakness of Earth's life. I hear that the original mini-series for the eleven episodes goes deeper than the scientific background of the world's ecosystems, but I think the filmmakers made a reasonable decision to replace the information with emotional effects. t remember the last time that I felt so inspired and at the same time completely heartfelt. Creating an emotional link between the audience and a few individual animals, giving them some anthropomorphism, we are suddenly able to evaluate the "human side" of each species, and their hopeless survival becomes less statistical and unacceptable tragedy. <br /> <br /> "Earth" consists mainly of a selection of dramatic episodes, be it a polar battle with mink weapons to guide your young boys to Arctic ice or an elephant herd tramp. Okavango delta for life-saving seasonal floods. The documentary film demonstrates the delicate balance between life and death, which is at the heart of the heart in the desperate ballet of interactions between predators and prey. While occasionally turning to a younger audience, the video material cuts at a very critical moment for a short period of time, and I regularly break down death as a result of the inevitability of nature and the raw instinct that heats the ultimate, hopeless efforts of these animals to survive. The yacht even has a haunting beauty, both in the slow motion of the hairline, when it has fallen into its prey [as a result of one fatal misstep], as well as the lion of an unhappy sea jumping from the majestic mid-point of a big white shark. It is this weak balance that is deadly disturbed by the selfishness of our species. <br /> <br /> In addition to these main stories, we are also dealing with short natural habitats around the world, including bird species. Papua New Guinea Paradise and Autumn Migration of Demo Cranes. Of course, whole films may have been dedicated only to those species and the inevitable consequence of so many materials being screened is that some interesting ecosystems are far behind. Choosing to focus on the closest to the polar bear, the elephant and the coupon? monitoring their lifestyle with some surprising high-definition photography throughout the calendar year? the filmmakers were able to avoid the structural problems that could arise so much to show, and only 90 minutes to show it. As a result, "Earth" left me thirsty and fortunately I now have about 11 hours more, as soon as I can track the DVD box for "Planet Earth". Jerking and tearing, frightening and heartbreaking, "Earth" is a truly wonderful documentary experience and it can be just my favorite movie in 2007.
