The City Hall takes the policy of a city rather than a state, a state, or any major political table. It looks like it is in New York, which is a huge political arena, especially nowadays, but it gets smaller and puts a microscope on a key person in the mayor's scandal that stumbled upon the mayor's right hand. Director Harold Becker is a director who is very familiar with the thriller elements that have made mercury rise, mischief, and home annoyance. I mean, City Hall is meant to be a political drama, not a thriller, but when everything is said and done and when you reach the movie for meat and potatoes, it looks and looks like a thriller, but that's a good, very important part of the recipe that makes it's right out ... what else ... or rather who ... Al Pacino. The film begins with a really good look at the mayor's office and the inner life of the city. As the film continues, it extends its political spectrum to include a democratic boss and his ties, and then introduce some of the events taking place inside the city. When the events unfold, the mystery begins and the political aspect is left behind, but it still has a brilliant structure. <br /> <br /> I absolutely hate talking about Al Pacino. I mean even if he did not give a good result, how can I ever say it? The man acts as a royalty. There's just something brilliant about her overall behavior. The Mayor of New York plays in the Town Hall Pacino. He has a sense of duty and honor and immediately seems to be a very reasonable politician. He is also one of the most powerful and direct interesting speeches I've seen at the funeral of James Bone. I looked at this speech four times and the first time I looked at Pacino, my mouth opened and I wanted to almost stand and boast. Its wonderfully written and perfectly delivered Pacino. John Cusack, who I really enjoy as an actor, turns to a mediocre and superfluous performance like Mayor Kevin Calhoun. He's the focus of the movie and he and Pacino have a pretty good chemistry on the screen, but at this stage it's just something ... he seems to be trying too hard. His accent is just odd and although he should be tough and scary, he doesn't look like it. Maybe he had a movie. Bridget Fonda, leaving his high point at stardom, police the right job as Marybeth Cogan's lawyer. His performance is very similar to Cusack because he simply does not see his character in its character. Danny Aiello is terrible, though his character is a little less studied than a democratic commander who is involved with the mafia Frank Anselmo. Martin Landau is a judge judged by Walter Stern. <br /> <br /> The Town Hall problem is obvious when you look at the characters and actors. Everything is ... okay. There is a lot of backlash that they are trying to point out without actually showing it and, unfortunately, it just leaves a little confused about the whole conspiracy. And, of course, you have Al Pacino in a rather small supporting role, but it is absolutely bright and hides and shades all other movie actors. He almost seems to be threatened with being on screen. So the Town Hall could have been this huge political epic drama / thriller, but felt it was cut and tinted until one mill's middle, but it must be seen for Pacino and a different twist on the internal work of politics. If you just can't see this movie when you find Pacino's speech at James Bone's funeral, because the word electrifying doesn't seem to him to be fair, but you see what makes Al Pacino so incredible, because a mediocre movie pulls that speech and makes you feel. If you're a John Cusack fan of what I am ... he's definitely better, but he's the main character and in everything he gets his justice. Decent film, but unfortunately potential loss. 7.5 / 10
