The film is about a classic theme. In fact, it concerns Batman's topic from beginning to end, but real data and details. The Mayor of New York, who has been valued and very diligent and dynamic to get some of the project out of the ordinary, puts pressure on some private entrepreneurs to put some pressure on a drug dealer who should have been sent and kept in prison. in turn pushes the judge to release him during the probationary period, despite a negative trial period report that disappears, but does not destroy, be it because of its political value. And what happened, happens, and some people, including the black schoolboy, are killed between the police detective and the offender. The city may explode because of this: racial tension due to a black school boy and social tension due to the insecurity that such criminals can move around and move on. Fortunately, this tension in the film is not shown very well and is followed by the first mayor's deputy who wants to know the truth and find it out. However, along the way, some witnesses are killed and those who have participated in the whole business are forced to retire (judge), finish their career and life (between a contractor or contractor), a state official who was ready to give a lost trial period report and some hidden character after when he provided some important data. The Mayor retires and takes a long vacation; But the main interest of the film is that the mayor tries to cover the problem and the contradictions he remembers in the past, which led to this trial period error. The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black and everything is gray, which is never convenient for decision-makers, is based on false but profitable decisions. We are not talking about the necessary compromises in order to achieve some consensus in some areas that are crucial to the public interest. We're talking less about taking a bad decision about a small or supposedly small criminal than an urban infrastructure or economic project. This is not typical in New York. This is true in every mayor's office. It is quantitatively and qualitatively in a larger metropolitan area like New York and, of course, in a city or country where police departments are local and controlled by political demands. The young mayor pushes the old mayor on his way, and he directs his ambition to be the governor of New York to become US president. The mayor is perfect because of the embodiment that Al Pacino has to offer us because he can express a ten-minute dialogue with one facial expression that makes the whole dialogue useless. I find myself in the name of my former mayor a little bit at my name. It seems to mean that he was so fairly connected that he saw his chance to push the mayor in his own way. So he's not better than everyone else, but still too young in his ambition. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
