I read negative comments before watching this film and involuntarily, I went on and started watching. I admit that I had to roll back quite a few times, because the film is incredibly complex, involved and detailed. This is a good thing, but it is also quite unexpected in this culture of driving, explosions, free sex and general violence, replacing the development of land and character. In fact, I am so accustomed to leaving the area so much that I don't pay much attention to what I look at. <br /> <br /> This film is full of characteristic development and line-up. what we analyze in high school earlier. This requires the actual spiritual participation of the viewer. What a nice change. I would compare it with the "all the men of the presidents" in the general topic. This means that it is a mystery for the intense misconduct of selected officials and officials with sufficient influence over their officials. <br /> <br /> Unlike "all Presidential men," this movie tries to give a few characters to the real personality. In this sense, the film is a characteristic study, such as "The Negotiatior" by Samuel Jackson and Kevin Spacey. In this movie, their characters are both urban workers and the plot very intense. Yet the plot depends on the ability of these characters to cooperate with each other, to trust each other, and eventually to unite with the corrupt police department. In this movie there are more weapons in the fire and the specific plot is different but in general there are many similarities. I say the town hall needs a much higher concentration. In fact, I was struck by the parallel in the past and the current political scandals that I have seen in my life at Watergate. The thing is that the public knows that something is wrong, for sure! but it is difficult to follow the details. This film is not as complex as real life, but it is actually a reality in its complexity. I think this is one of the reasons why previous posters have criticized the film: unrealistic expectations. I watched it three times in a row! Operation is excellent and management is flawless. The weakest link is John Cusak's accent.
