Wow ... 5 hours Riget. Lars continues the great combination of occult, dark horror and soap opera drama. Exactly where the last episode of the previous series came out (with the same intensity and ratio, although it doesn't last; better or worse), this franchise installation seems a bit faster ... the last series seemed to miss a day or a week while this is obviously one long stretch ... where one episode ends, the next start. Much can be said about Lars von Trier ... but he is very diverse and quite eccentric. Both features show it. The plot continues its excellence, now giving some of the usual characters that were the smallest players in the previous four episodes. Basically, all the characters from the first income are at least as much as the main roles go. Stimulation is not as sharp as the first, and I found myself less. It is by no means possible to say that it did not involve me, though ... I still found myself constantly and at several points that reacted strongly, often loudly, to what is happening (extremely unusual behavior) as I am incredibly quiet person) as I was the first. Like the first, it also raises some charged ethical issues. Based on the first basis, this story brings forth ... and there is a sequel, the scope is greater. Grander. More spirits, more odd cases, more sub-blocks. There is also the return of the first strong graphical material, and it has been hit by a notch. The characters are further developed. Action is amazing, like the first one. Udo Kier solidifies his enormous talent for anyone who doubted it. Playing a very difficult character (anyone who has seen the first series can probably figure out what I mean) * and * acting in a language he did not speak (he was copied later) ... and still giving such a strong performance. Cinematography remains great and is still very handy, fast zoom and occasionally. Editing is sharp, some direct cuts are sound (although they were more visible at first). Now, all that is said, I would really like it to be perfected 10 ... or at least just below, like the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching and I don't regret it the least. But it has drawbacks ... those who were in the first half and more. Like the first one, humor just takes up too much space ... and this time it's even worse. There are several new regular signs that are not for any other reason than to offer comics ... three of them, not less. Scenes are created and executed for any reason other than to make the audience laugh. A fine for comedy, but what does it do in such a dark and unpleasant, yes, never sadistic time, on a horror piece? Helmer's lonely secret loneliness hiding place turns from the hospital roof ... from where she saw her beloved Sweden ... in the bathroom. Inside the shore bowl. No, you read that right. In general, humor seems much lower ... more fun with sex and body functions, which again raises the question "Why?". Although most of the writing is excellent, some of it is terrible. Many scenes are basically copied from the first mini series (believed to be popular because it was broadcast). Sometimes the drama seems a bit tougher than the first, and from time to time jumps too much. Fortunately, it is rarely explained, but noticeably, that plot points and objects are explained too easily (a certain character who lives in Denmark for no apparent reason, for example ... someone who has seen it knows who I am talking to). Both dishwashers are still mysterious and understandable, becoming too much of a trick ... too overexposure, I guess at last. However, most scenes with them are enjoyable. In addition, I want to assure every reader that, despite all the negative things I have just written, it is still mostly good ... definitely enjoyable, convincing, powerful ... and everyone in my humble opinion should definitely see the first ( although it belongs to this group, don't expect this story to end after you saw it more than you did after the first one). I recommend it to all Lars von Trier fans and everyone who enjoyed the first Rig and want more from where it came from. I invite everyone who is even considering it to make sure you have seen the first one before you do it ... I bought it before I bought it first, but I looked until I bought the first one and watched it, and I didn't can't tell you how glad I am. Although it contains a brief summary of the first event, there is a huge amount of details and aspects that you would forget if you did not see it before viewing. Slightly less sequel, but definitely one more thing that you first enjoyed watching. 8/10
