Critic / Philosopher Slavoj Zizek is threatened with a film directed by Sophie Fiennes, who summarizes the amalgam of quiet, horror, sci-fi, surrealist and other modern thrillers to comment on Freud's comparisons against overload. But in the Pervert Cinema Guide, he even makes a far-reaching point to any other analysis I've seen in the collective part of movies. Although it does not include the expansive documentary film of the territory of Scorsese, the same attachments exist and Zizek has a definite love for all of these "perverse" examples and films, mainly Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky. But this should not be seen - if you find that it is, I saw it almost fortunate - I thought Zizek was trying and simply pointing out all the psycho-sexual parts or parts that point to this nervous way. If he opens one point that may never be otherwise, one might think of three Marx brothers Id, Super Ego and Ego representations (Harpo's example is the most dead for me). <Br>> <br /> He is not only classic, but also takes into account the mindset in the Matrix and the Fighting Club - representing the division between fantasy and reality, and when the matrix needs energy as much as it needs energy, it needs the former matrix and the violence with itself and with them for double handling. He even throws Sith's vengeance out of the current layer when Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and the consequences of suppressing paternity at his backpack when his children are born elsewhere. Even the ideals of personality, male sexuality, the transformation of fantasy into reality (where Zizek rightly refers to the moment of creating a nightmare) and female subjectivity are perhaps being studied with the most dearest. This also applies to the scene that Zizek deconstructs as if it were Zapruder's film, where he breaks the scene of three pseudo-sexual attitudes at the "don't see me" scene in Blue Velvet. <br /> <br /> Now, one thing when Zizek himself went to make these sincere, exciting, and somehow believable points was simply to face the camera or mostly with the voice, as Scorsese does. But he goes a step further to emphasize his fantasy and reality points, and how they overlap, intersect, become one and the same, or spread even more important to some world or the original sense of some characters (ie the lost road), placing themselves in the movies, where the movies take place. Funniest first sees him in a boat in the same dock, Tipp Hedren's boat, at the beginning of the birds; the same funny is when he spends the blue velvet lawn, which he explains with Frank Booth's multi-faceted points; only one, if he is in a territory similar to Solaris, it seems a bit cheesy. But Zizek seems to have a lot of fun with this amusement, and after a while, the potential border of gimmicks goes through and Zizek's words come through. <br /> <br /> Some of the movies I am looking for, mainly from Hitchcock and Lynch, but the petting for movie fans comes from two things - movies that nobody should ever think of about a movie titled Pervert's Cinema Guide. Disney Pluto's cartoon and exposition on Chaplin's films, albeit with a loud voice on "the power and distinction of the voice", and those that have not yet been seen (ie, among the spiritual horror film, Dr. Mabus, Stalker,) some others that inspire instant recognition "wow, i Zizek is a powerful writer with his work and puts it forward with the clarity that reminds us of watching movies first to be entertaining, but also to make the actual experience sit and keep there when he put it, watching the toilet This is probably one of the biggest films in the movie and in such an extremely narrow analysis of how Freud is doing his wishes, Id / Super-Ego / Ego and supernatural fantasy in movies that you will never see.
