"Cinema is an extremely perverted art. It doesn't give you what you want; it tells you how you want it." <br /> So the "Pervert Cinema Guide" begins with Slavoj Zizek, a Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst, using his Freud / Lacan brain scalpel in the world cinema. In three parts, this film is another documentary run by Sophie Fiennes (yes, sister of Ralph and Joseph), and it is a remarkable achievement, of which 2 1/2 hours to speak from one person and still boldly and interestingly everywhere. In essence, this is an extended film lecture and one of the best that can ever be obtained. During the film, Zizek guides us through the obsession and desire catalog of film history. He touches more than 40 films and spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, Marx Brothers and Eisenstein. But he also looks closely at "Persona", "Chat", "Three Colors: Blue", "Dogville", "Fighting Club" and "Exorcist". Thematically, the exploration of the Zizek cinema from the possibilities of death to thoughts of "desire coordinates" and gnosticism to "partial objects". <br /> <br /> "Pervert's Guide" is a bit better experience if you have taken a few minutes to defeat your main Freud terminology. Even if you are not under psychoanalytic theory, Zizek's dynamic and fun personality carries the film so gladly that you probably won't hit a specialized lingo. The movie often cuts the movie clip to the Zizek * images that are in the * movie he is talking about - ie in the original locations and sets. Transitions in these sequences retain the tension and humor that the trick will never get old. And Zizek himself makes us constantly laugh at either strange little jokes or his enthusiastic demands, such as the bold Oedipal interpretation of "Birds". And the fact that in both parts of Fiennes and Zizek, this forward-and-laughing attitude to the character of the film's gonzo is important. This is a spoonful of sugar that helps us digest the strange medicine of Zizek. After all, do we have any sense that psychologists are simply pulling our feet after a certain time?
