He is harsh, sweaty, slightly crisp and restless. He stands before us and calls himself perverted. He says we are? movie viewers? perceive the screen as a toilet bottle and everyone wants all s ** t to explode from the inside. He's unpredictable and scary. Well ??? Come on, you might have guessed now: he's one of our leading philosophers. <br /> <br /> Slav i? Ek is both a narrator and an exceptional new film by Sophie Fiennes. Pervert Guide to Cinema. Fiennes illustrates the length of the lecture he is doing and does it in two ways: by providing exemplary movie clips and placing in real (or reconstructed) places of the films he is talking about. It is always nice to watch the big-screened scenes of big movies (although Sith's revenge was here too), but the main attraction of A Pervert's Guide? is? I? ek yourself. What makes a movie look like this is an unanswered question that can't be helped but ask again and again: what is more outrageous, am I on screen views or? In a documentary from Astra Taylor (?? i ?? ek!, 05), the Slovenian philosopher admitted at one point his silence. Because he claimed that he feels he doesn't exist first, the only way all other people believe he is constantly and feverishly speaking. And tell me what he did and how. Also Pervert's Guide? his voice dominates? providing the perfect English language in the worst way and making amazing points about the cinema. <br /> <br /> What are they? Well, for example, he sees Chaplin's reluctance to speak against the picture as a sign of a general fear of his own voice (a stranger that takes over a man? He says that the perverse nature of the cinema is to teach us to want certain objects, not to give us. He identifies Groucho Marx's super ego, Chico's ego and Harpo id. He tells a million other interesting things, and all the time we can't take his eyes off so convincing (and fascinating) is his appearance. At some point I couldn't get my thick, tired It's easy to marvel and wonder what the brain is below. Of course, more knowledge is more. <br /> <br /> The most remarkable are the Lynch and Hitchcock readings (which is not a surprise since he has written both). the impact on their respective works made them different from others - difficult to challenge because it really looks like the things of these two directors. e, to whom he relentlessly establishes his completely materialistic reality, leaving aside all of Tarkovsky (meaning strong religious intuitions and images). <br /> <br /> The question is not whether it is inspiring and brilliant because it is; or is the Fiennes movie worth watching because it is also. The real question is: do I look at the coherent? One wise observation after another makes a tremendous intellectual journey, but after the whole thing has ended, some doubts remain. For example: When considering Vertigo (58) it is said that what lies behind a person's face is the perfect gap that makes the face itself only a façade: something fraudulent in its own way. But if, in the final order, we hear City Lights (31) in the ever-finishing finale, if one person's portrait is completely different, then it's hard not to ask: what happened to the whole facade? ? Why should we give real value to Chaplin and leave two courageous strikes with Kim Novak with the same privilege ??? Maybe the inconsistency in Lacan can also be considered? (The name of the known "countless" French psychoanalysis is very important?) The movie has all the great and half-hour lecture virtues: a lot of the ground is covered, many perspectives are occupied, even some first-class wisecracks have been made (when I traveled from Melanie Daniels boat birds [63] and trying to think like he did, he says, "I want f ** k Mitch!"). But it also has one drawback that is not characteristic of a two-and-a-half hour lecture: it is almost obsessive. ? i? Eci Yarn about how far we are, is as good as any other psychoanalytic yarn, but after about 80 minutes it becomes quite clear that one? , constantly exchanging topics. The overall effect is to wipe out the giant, cool, embodying wave: you are simultaneously surprised, refreshed, not in mortal danger and confused. When you look, your head is full of ideas that are not yours, and are you going to look at some movies again? but you also share the idea that you have survived the accident. <br /> <br /> The final question is: did I lose it? Or have we not even come close enough? When cinephilia becomes punishable by imprisonment, we all meet in one big cell and finally talk to each other (which has no films to turn our face around). I dare you all: who has the courage to approach? I think if you look at them in real life, you will believe.
