His deadly rival (1995): starring Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Mafia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford. Director James Hayman, Scenario Dan Vining. <br /> <br /> Actress Harry Hamlin (LA Law Celebration, Titanium Collision, and Other) seems completely astonished by the film "Lifetime" by James Hayman and released in 1995. She and her husband Lisa Rinna later work on sex addiction. "His deadly rival" is at first glance similar to the better known Hollywood post office "Fatal Attraction". Jival and Kris Lanford are happily moving into the new homes of the "Rival", usually in beautiful suburbs. They have a seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love with their routine lifestyle. But then the mysterious admirer sets eyes on Jim. His identity has never appeared, despite the efforts of Jim and even the investigators to discover who he is. He constantly harasses Jimi through phone calls and letters. His marriage almost slips when his wife starts thinking that he has a thing and tries to cover it. Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Mafia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, William Blair seem to be out of the soap opera. But this is a very intense drama and it has good moments. At the end there is a twist. Spoiler Alert. I have to say, "his deadly rival" was only himself. On the basis of the alleged case, Jim's wife, Kris, was suffering from multiple personality disorder and was a breach of her marriage. Even if this story is not terribly impressive, even if the actor is just a step in the soap opera, this film has moments. The intimate scenes between Jim and his wife are particularly moving, and the last scene where, when Jim understands the truth, he cannot believe what he has just heard. The film is probably somewhat too long and boring in some parts, but it is a TV movie that works well, especially in lifetime films that continue to produce these types of films, "domestic thrillers", or seduction stories. Trashy, but everyone likes trash.
