The film begins in the classroom, where it is not surprising that our main actor Orked was seen as a Chinese class. Later in the film he was asked why he (Mukhsin) said he was sent to learn Mandarin. His answer was easy for the child; coz he is already well known in malay language well. <br /> <br /> This is a bit of romance that you may think of, but if you stop and go too far from reading critics, you will notice the typical elements of Malaysia. The film focuses mainly on the 10-year-old Orked, who met 12-year-old Mukchs in a game many of whom would think as a boy's game. Out of the players, Mukhsin (who was new in this village) was forced to let Orked play where he eagerly showed his man. Orked is not such a regular girl because she depicts a man's behavior, as you can see in the movie, defended Mitchhin from a violent meeting with his school squads, throwing a bully bag out of a school bus window, throwing punches and starting a Munchin brother after he was carrying Mushin and so on and so on. Both were awesome buddies and closer, but the smallest misconception in which most of us would react in the same way shared both until the day Mukhsin left the city. /> Now the film depicts the first love between Orked and Mitchin, they started making friends but slowly became somewhat denser and then BGR. You would notice changes in the films made by Yasmin in every major actor and actor when they pass through love. Different character was depicted with enthusiasm and light humor. The scenes were all random, but they depicted so much reality that you would have stayed on the screen for a long time. You love the movie about what it is, and not because you want to be patriotic to local scenes, it means much more. <br /> <br /> Like the film envelopes that surround two loving birds, you can find your lens for Orked's parents, his mother who was educated in England, speaks very good English, and where his wife and janitor who have been trying hard , trying to talk back to their English language, which was humor indeed. Let me just explain why humor can be such a prominent thing in this movie. And this explanation or description you can imagine can only be given in one word and it is RANDOMNESS. Often we do not learn to laugh at ourselves and when we do, we do it at the expense of others. Just like what Jack Neo just follows the film story, he would have mentioned - often when we are, we don't see the person in us, but if only when we are in another person's body, then we only learn to see who we really are . And it is also humor, more than just dignity. <br /> <br /> The film was full of coincidence that our usual facts live the way we do it. laughter if we want it to be. <br /> <br /> Another focus of this movie was how Orked's neighbor, a couple whose husband no longer loves his wife and wanted to find another. Pak Koboi as what he called after that was seen every day with his motorcycle polishing and drove it out with his recently found girlfriend. The manufacturer couldn't show you why the man wanted to find another woman. The husband was a real hurler or KPC, as we called it China, who interrupted the business of other people and sent his daughter to tease. After all, what is going on is going around and this is probably the reason why bad things happen to him. Every time you are nice to the surrounding people, it doesn't hurt at all if you don't have an ego to protect, but then again, what is it worth? The film also focuses on Mushin's brother Hussein, who would go to the city daily, until very late at night, smoking, drinking and also finding girls. He's the opposite of Mitchins, but that's all because of family problems. Both brothers stayed with their aunt and the parents were far from them. I don't have more stories because it would ruin a lot of interest in searching for themselves, but the least part of all the elements that the manufacturer wanted to send to the viewers is our life. all. He wanted us, at least, to look at life from our own point of view if we were not. Movies in some way lead us out of our body, put us in a character's position, and then use our empty mind to see its events. Depending on the type of film and the genre, you will love how this good film, as it would, would have a significant impact on you.
