Mukhsin is a beautiful movie about the first love story. Everyone probably has one, and this is the story of the writer-director Yasmin Ahmadi about him, with the boy named Muks. We know that his films have been semi-autobiographical, having personal experiences, and that is sharing and translating their emotions into a big screen that always has its films with warm sincerity and honesty. Mukhsin is not a different, and probably the most polished, advertising-resistant work so far (although I have to add personal prejudice that Sepet still has a special place in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our favorite family is back - Pak Atan, Mak Inom, Orked and Kak Yam, though this time we go back when Orked is 10 years old. The characters are all the younger films we've traveled with them, from Rabun to Gubra and here, Sharifah Aman's sisters Sharifah Aryana, and Sharifah Aleya take on the roles of Orked and Mak Inom, which maybe formed their excellent chemistry with the screen that they didn't play the brothers role. The only constant that seems to be Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor, and even Pak Atan has hair on his head! Through the Mukshini movie, we reach the perfect circle with characters and the world that Yasmin introduced to us. We come to learn and understand the family a little bit more, to set the days when they still live in their campus (Rabun), where Orked participates in Chinese school and wraps some serious shock combinations (and you do not know that this energy is broken by Gubras, he he was already young!). The family's many-year-old tomboy and evil boy, he prefers to play in boys' games, not the "masak-masak" of fools with girls, and favorite trips include traveling with a football match family. <br /> <br /> The boy named Mukhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) offers a cool peer to Orked to hang and do things - cycling through villages, climbing trees, flying kites. And as you want to explore, crossing this line between friendship and romance, so beautiful emotions. <br /> <br /> Mukhsin has his own funny moments that revive the story and make laughter, because some of the incidents, we would have experienced it, and sometimes we act as a setback for our own childhood memory. In short, these scenes shouted "fun"! We look at life in a typical campus where some neighbors are very nice, while other nervous parades and rumors spread bad gossip from envy. There are two more family dynamics, one of which is the immediate neighbor and the other is Muskin, both acting as adequate sub-blocks and contrast to Orked's. <br /> <br /> As always, Yasmin's movies are filled with great music, and Mukhsin has something special about the song "Hujan" as his father is penned, and "Ne Me Quitte Pas", which has been skillfully used in the film. Given that Yasmin's current films are focused on the same characters, its beauty is that you can see them as independent, or when viewed and cut together, a powerful family drama that deals with various topics and universal issues, such as interracial romance, love and love. forgiveness. Fans will definitely see a lot of links back to Mukhsis back to previous movies, while new audiences will certainly be curious to find out the recurring characters or events like this boy boy who steals Orked. And also telling that some of Mukhsin is also curiously open, which is probably a characteristic of Yasmin style or deliberately left as such. I thought if there was a memory of a childhood memory, there are details that will definitely be left out. And I did feel fine that Mukhsin showed it perfectly, not with the detailed details and focusing on what is remembered between these two important episodes. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended movie and rare that I feel is suitable for all ages - bring your child's brother or sister!
