If you want to learn something about the Spanish Civil War and all the political details and intrigues, let me tell you that you chose the wrong film. <br /> <br /> This is a vision of war as happened in Mallorca, a small island near the Spanish coast. If such a war happens on a small island that takes the position of a scam almost immediately, there is no open war. Soldiers are sent to the continent to fight, while a second war is taking place at home, a small island. There, the neighbors talk to other neighbors, sometimes because their political views are in conflict with the new regime, but many people are talked about because of old family struggles, or maybe a quiet introvert who doesn't have friends. to earn some points. "And these things are not open. There were some studies, true, but many others woke up in the middle of the night, out of their homes to the nearest cemetery where they were killed. The next morning, bodies were found and people could understand what happened, but no one dare not speak or do anything. We are not talking about soldiers who kill someone they never saw in their lives. We are talking about people who kill their neighbors, and probably say they will tell their widow the next day, and even visit his killed We talk about villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knows everyone. <br /> <br /> I am from this little island and I have heard the stories my grandparents told me and I have to say that this movie disturbs me oh yes it was; but i found it very beautiful and moving too. Initial violence is not a manager or a writer's structure, it happened during this war. A child who knew his companion father is a fascist man who killed his father? Absolutely possible. All that happened later? Also possible. TB was also real. At that time my island was not my resting place. People were poor, illiterate, and working on small farms. After the war, difficulties arose in times. <br /> <br /> So there is no military history in this movie or at least what you expect. There are no battlefields, soldiers, political intrigues. This is the most important war that happens when space is limited (just check the size of the island) when neighbors fight with their neighbors, when members of the same family fight each other and live in a place where everyone knows everyone. You will find a story about the damage that this particular war can cause to people, and the story of how they are destroying it, or maybe they don't. <br /> <br /> I have to mention the good work writers who adapted the novel and all the actors who were able to really feel Mallorcan. It was remarkable.
