(Including spoilers) This movie is definitely the best Amicus production I've seen so far (although I still have quite a few to look at). House, which Dripped Blood is a horror-omnibus? Anthology, which contains four surprised stories of lizards of a witch, hellish house in the British countryside. Such a widespread mistake is wasting too much energy on a story that combines separate stories. Peter Duffel's film has not paid much attention to it. It just deals with a Scottish yard inspector who comes to the house to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and thus learns from the hidden events there. All four tracks in this movie are of high quality and together they form a perfect healthy one. High expectations for this movie are allowed, as it was entirely written by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch, who wrote a novel that led to a glorious milestone in Psycho? We also celebrate Peter Duffel's solid and professional debut as a director. <br /> <br /> Four Tracks? chapters when you do? in a house where Dripped Blood contains good diversity on topics, but they are (almost) equally cool and spooky. The first is the horror author who comes with his wife to the house to find inspiration for his new book. It starts really well, but after a short time, the wizard of his own imagination worshiped and collapsed. The idea of ​​this story is not quite original, but it is very tense and the climax is quite surprising. The second story stars (Hammer) are a horror for Peter Cushing as a retired person. It still worships what is an unattainable and long-lost image of love, and it falls into the shape of a wax that looks like it. Cushing is glad to follow as always and ?? Though wax museums theme is not new? this story seems generally fresh and innovative. This chapter also has a couple of amazing moments and a constant, intense atmosphere. It's a terrible warmth that is arguably the best story: number 3. Another legendary actor in this, as Christopher Lee gives a flawless image of a scared father. She is very hard and strict with her young daughter and keeps her isolated from the outside. Not without reason, because a little girl shows a strange charm for witchcraft and voodoo. In addition to Lee's excellent action and the remarkable achievement of Chloe Franks as a terrible child, this story is also in a fantastic Gothic atmosphere! The hell's undertones of this story with thunderous horrible sound effects make this story a fan of authentic horrors. The fourth and final story, in which the actor of the horrible horror, controls his vampire shell, is a little weaker than the others when it comes to tension and reliability, but it is more or less compensated by the exorbitant overload of humor. There's even little room for parody in this story, as the main character refers to Christopher Lee in the Dracula series! The most memorable element in this last chapter is the great Ingrid Pitt! The "Vampire Players" cult queen is definitely one of many film highlights. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that Dripped Blood is appreciated by classical horror fans. I really believe that preparations with a little mood can be one of the few films that scare you and leave a big impression. Intelligent and convincing horror as it should be! Highly recommended. Another little comment: this film may not be repetitive, but in no way confused with "Dorm that dropped blood". The latter is a very irritating and sad underground of the 80's, which is not common to this film, except for the title it stole.
