The British production company Amicus is generally known as a horror anthropology specialist, and this great omnibus called "The House That Dripped Blood" is undoubtedly the best Amicus production I've ever seen (although there are many that I have) but still see. "The House That Dripped Blood" consists of four joyfully macabre tales all placed in the same eerie mansion. These four stories are presented to you in a wonderfully Gothic atmosphere and one of the best bands represents. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors), as well as Denholm Elliott and the lively Ingrid Pitt star in this movie - so a real Horror fan could allow it? Someone, of course, and the movie doesn't have much to offer than just big ones. "The House That Dripped Blood" revolves around terrible country houses where a strange thing happens. In four parts, the film tells the story of four different heirs. <br /> <br /> The first song "Meet for Murder" talks about the fiction novelist Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who moves into the house with his wife. After the movement, the writer suddenly feels worshiped by the mania of his creation ... The first segment is a big move for the film. The story is horrible and spooky throughout the show and the performances are very good. Another story, "Waxworks", retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) moves into the house, and suddenly it seems that the Middle City's mysterious wax museum ... Great Peter Cushing brings in this area again a spectacular performance and the rest of the performances are also very good. The story is happily strange and the second best of the movie, after the third. <br /> <br /> The third story, "Sweets Sweets", is by far the most striking and brilliant of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moves with his little daughter. Private teacher and nanny Mrs. Norton, who has been used by Mr Reed to supervise her daughter, is terrible for her employer's rigor in her daughter, and wants to know why the over-protective father's views of education may be ... This best segment keeps a very horrible atmosphere and a truly scary plot . Christopher Lee is always great in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also a good nanny and my special praise goes to 11-year-old Chloe Franks. This brilliant segment alone makes the movie a true Horror fan. "In the fourth segment, Horror actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moves his sexy mistress / co-star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is satire, more than it really is a horror. However, this is a very fun satire, and there are many tips for other horror movies. At one point, Henderson implicitly refers to Christopher Lee, who marks the previous, third segment ... <br /> <br /> All four segments have a delightfully sleek sense of humor and a great atmosphere. As stated above, the third segment is the most severe and the biggest, but the other three are also atmospheric and often macro-horror stories that every Horror lover should appreciate. The captivating atmosphere, the macabre sense of humor, the true foothold and the ingenious casting make it essential. In short, "The House That Dripped Blood" is a great Horror-omnibus that no British horror lover can afford. Highly recommended!
