I testify that I am biased when it is tilted, because it was an introduction to my series. I saw this movie for the first time at the end of 2005 at the late night "Fear of Friday" in AMC, which often attracts hidden gems for such cold stores for new generations. I did this point to look at the entire Amicus anthology series before I looked at any of them here to make sure I have a perspective. Looking back, I still appreciate that my favorite thing is that the blood has dropped a house, often followed by Tales From The Crypt and then the Shelters. The 60s / 70s style cinematography, creepy kooky, far-fetched stories and its ultimate britishness behind all the music - came here better than any other general. In the center of the movie, there is a very old English country house and misfortune that strikes everyone who lives inside. <br /> <br /> The first story is related to the horror writer and his wife who moved to a secluded place to get a break from the city so he can concentrate on his passion. He creates a murderous character, called Dominic, and is about to experience the great difficulties of talking about reality fiction. Here is the physical chain in torment, which I find I find amusing yet creepy. Oh and those fears teeth (then again these are British actors, maybe they were real !!!) <br /> <br /> Another story is the story of a lonely old man (Peter Cushing) who has moved here to escape his loneliness but it only worsens when he is haunted by lost love. He seems to have found a possible rescue in a local (very horrible) wax museum, but it turns out he would have been better alone ....... <br /> <br /> The third story contains a great Christopher Lee (my bravish horror actor) as a single father with a rather distracted and profoundly horrible young daughter. He is constantly careful that he gets things he shouldn't - like sorcery! That's why he has a natural talent. Lee is here as a good ice cold discipline that man has a real talent to play characters that are absolutely warm! But despite his best efforts, a little distractor learns to follow the forbidden knowledge and bad things ...... <br /> <br /> This last story is a story of a cynical old veteran artist who knows a young director he works with is not qualified to capture the correct vampire film, just by the quality of the costumes and especially its volume. So he goes to the old curiosity shop in the middle of a blurry night to get something "more authentic". Little does he know he was a truly authentic vampire! When it comes to midnight, its effect is quite noticeable. By the time I reached this fourth and final story, it was after the 3rd and I couldn't wake up on the first test (not boredom). But I experienced something that I have hundreds of times, a curious experience with movies or music when I sleep in and out and a movie / music part of my dream! Fun!! This strange story was perfect for this and seemed much more frightening for the first time than it really was because I woke to the right when he was dragged by a coat and could not quite understand what was happening at first. Not long after that, the beautiful Ingrid Pitt, the costume of his movie, came to visit and warned him not to put a shell at midnight --- but he didn't have to bother because he was a real vampire. The classic keyboard that followed when it flew to the staircase was just hysterical! And again in my sleep state it seemed rather confusing! Communication Note: Make sure you try with Lee and Pitt with stunning Amicus star Britt Ekland throughout the classic movie The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest link here was the commentary between stories, but based on yourself it is a classic! Objectively, I would say that the third story is the best, but I like the fourth, because it makes me so smile. Very highly recommended for horror fans and if you're a British horror blower, it's a must! I would say that, if possible, it is useful to look at the series in chronological order. The last film of this series, the Monster Club (1980), is definitely the weakest. I think the first 3-4 films, except for the occasional mediocre torture garden (1967), are the best, but if you like any of them, you should look at them at least once. You'll probably have many more times to watch your favorites.
