Linking Story: Another first-time viewing for me and again, this is one of the most popular Amicus anthologies - and it's easy to see why, although I understand how a movie's rather nonsensical title can mislead some; I definitely doubted the choice of director Peter Duffell - DEATH AND MAIDEN (which is, incidentally, the classic work of Schubert, which has been heard in the movie during the episode of Peter Cushing) - much more. Although the connecting device itself is not so large, all episodes are equally convincing and enjoyable. The values ​​of production remain very honorable for Duffell's budget. The latter infuses the film with a great style that is not so common in such a film, and frankly, it deplores the fact that she wanted to be out of the genre (though more so than to write, but rather because she felt it was under him). <br /> <br /> Now for individual stories: <br /> <br /> "Murder Method": The opening segment does not offer real surprises, but it is quietly pausing and sometimes terrible (Tom Adams' "fictitious" villain, who looks like the old DARK HOUSE [1932]) Boris Karloff's long-lost brother; it also ends with a satisfactory DIABOLIQUE twist, and its function is quite intense for Denholm Elliott. That's all we need, really. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": For the second story, we introduce the curiously romantic mood that is quite unusual for this type of movie; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are both magnificent (as well as well-dressed) as the loved one of the two women who continue to do so for a long time, and whose friendly rivalry can lead to their blind and unmistakable destiny, which is literally inferior to death; The imminent hallucination picture with Peter Cushing is quite well done, given the limited resources available, and the unexplainable inability of the Ackland - or unwillingness to leave the city - is somewhat reminiscent of the aristocrats caught in the household by Bunuel VÄLISTE ANGEL (1962). "<br/>" Sweets for Sweets ": This is probably the best episode of all - in its vague role, Christopher Lee continues to show his versatility and is understood by Nyree Dawn Porter and Chloe's deceptive Franks (who appears as Lee's daughter). is so subtle and mature that culminates with a powerful and extremely cool curtain. Trivia Note: Chloe Franks appears as an adult on the featuret on the disc, and when I saw her, I immediately felt my face but couldn't put my finger on it. Later, her filmography reading, it turned out to me that he had played one of the leading positions in Agatha Christie's "The Mousetrap" in London's West Long Former Long Life, which my brother and I were happy enough, we are on vacation in the summer of 2002. Needless to say, we had no idea he had ever created such a delicate - and delicious - image in thin evil mainly due to his special appearance and sad smile! /> <br /> "The Cloak": A tough but strange revered vampire story (which still succeeds in destroying many of the myths added to the sub-library, while some are new!) that take some great mines to exploit at the cinema and at one point Christopher Lee himself! Jon Pertwee is admirable because it is a horrible horror star who gets more than he wanted when he tries to measure his work; Ingrid Pitt sends his picture nicely, although his role is somewhat complementary in the proceedings; Geoffrey Bayldon (which looks like Ernest Thesiger) is also a memorable bit; The "silent-cinema" style of the end result was a pretty cruel one to draw the audience, I think - and although some humor comes out as hard as "la THE FEARLESS VAMPIRE KILLERS (1967)" or "THEATER OF BLOOD" (1973), it is also quite contagious and will definitely end with the movie's high (and very unusual) note! The quality of video and audio is relatively satisfactory, given that I had no other version to compare it; The main culprit is some noticeable print damage, but it is never so nasty to influence the enjoyment of the movie. As for the annexes, starting with the Audio commentary: to be honest, this is one of the best conversations about the genre film I remember; Jonathan Rigby reaches his opinion more than usual for a moderator, but his efforts allow director Peter Duffell to touch every aspect of production (while some other films tend to wait more for more!) And this is a very pleasant story that complements the main feature very well. "A-Rated Horror Film" is a valuable effort with Peter Duffell again in the middle, but this time it was supported by the producer, Max J. Rosenberg and the stars Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt, if all too short a contribution and Geoffrey Bayldon. We also receive movie notes, comments, biocides and posters / photo galleries, which are again perfectly put together (modern reviews are something new - and it is welcome).
