The skeptical Scotland Yard researcher Holloway (John Bennett) talks about the four spooky frightening old mansion events he is studying because he explores the location of the last drunk of a blood-drenched house. <br /> <br /> One can only fight to find words that describe the true shine that is a drop of blood. This horrible anthology of the seventies is quite remarkable so that such a visually innocent film can even cause fear in the most attentive viewers. Incredibly, the number of images of violence on the screen can be assumed on the one hand, but the film can still portray cruelty and succeed in creating the most terrible images of the imagination of the viewers, while avoiding the obvious route of graphic violence. On the rare lines of the early horror of the tenths, the technical features of the film are almost perfect, with flawless performances cast with star-studs (legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to master Peter Duffell and Robert Bloc (author of the novel Psycho), who tells a great direction and story. . The only real complaints that may arise with the House of Dripped Blood are the end of the first relevant part of the asinine picture and the predicted end of the picture, but even these small details do not harm the overall viewing pleasure. <br /> <br /> The first segment, titled "Method of Assassination," says Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a horror renter who rents a horrible house when he works on his last novel. . When working on a novel, Hillyer continues to see the nature of the murder around her story and around her house, and will soon doubt the fiction between fiction and reality. Elliott is truly extraordinary in the performance of this work, and his character is given incredible air. The key to this segment, like the others, is the secret of events taking place. The observer asks if seeing the murderous character of Dominic is just hallucinations, a schizophrenic disorder, or whether the character actually exists. Duffell's direction succeeds in creating a restless atmosphere with a slow, methodical approach that creates the tension and tension needed to make the segment strong. <br /> <br /> In the next segment, Peter Cushing is a new unhappy rider's house. During a city tour, he walks through a horror wax museum and decides to bring it. From there he finds a model of a beautiful woman's wax that seems too familiar to her. Cushing's character (Philip) is then joined by his friend Neville (Joss Ackland), who wants to visit the museum for the fear of Philip. In this segment, the viewer is given more than very subtle hints about the secret of the wax woman, but generally the viewer remains in the dark. There is much less tension for this story, but the segment has still managed to keep its mystery in the air, especially through the general ambiguity of dreaming and story. Duffell's direction is extraordinary and, although it is probably the weakest of the four readings, it cannot be denied that through some creative directions and credible actions, Waxworks is still a pleasant film element. <br /> <br Waxworks is, in my opinion, the largest of the four segments? Candy sweets. Christopher Lee marks John Reid, the father of a younger girl, who from the outset has an unexplained fear of fire, which will soon be corrected by the caring nurse Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John seems to have a dark secret about the family. "Sweets for sweets" is the most beautiful and complicated of the four readings and therefore the segment is unquestionably convincing to the observer. Throughout the segment, small and subtle clues about the truth behind the family are published, but only when the immensely terrible final scene is all right. This is the best example of how Duffell used the dramatic tension and tension to create an atmosphere that makes the whole film a great one. With a wonderfully organized soundtrack, Sweets to the Sweet is an exercise in a persistent fear that grabs the viewer's throat and refuses to let go of that piece of ending scars eventually ending. Personally, I believe that this short segment would have made the length of an entertaining and haunting film and would rarely give this segment a 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film ends with a story about the surrounding lost artist who was initially interested in Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt star as two performers who are currently working on a horror film. The nature of Pertwee is a nasty movie for amateur production and props, so he buys his vampire in a strange mystery shop. But strange things start to happen when she's dressed and soon she's worried about the worst. This segment, which puts the inspector on the scene, is a nice way to cover up excellent anthology. Although the segment has undeniable air in the camp, it is somehow so enjoyable. Unfortunately, there is little in this segment that could in some ways be intimidated and the expected end could have been better, but the segment still has redemption features. Horror buffs should definitely pay attention to Pertwee's brief comments on Bela Lugos and Christopher Lee's Drakula. This somewhat comical and frivolous approach to the final segment is essentially a sufficient and almost natural way to end the picture even if it allows the film to be shot down compared to previous temporary horrors. <br /> <br In conclusion, "This dripping blood" is one of the greatest horrorantologies with incredible cast, big stories and right-hand direction. Certainly worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life, and while the blood and guts of fans are very disappointed, fans of more intense fear of effort should enjoy this movie tremendously. My rating? 8/10
