Horror omnibus films were popular in the 1970s. I don't like them myself, but it is undoubtedly a great part of the British horror. The house that dropped blood is a spooky omnibus that contains four stories that surround the country's creepy old house and are told by a Scotland Yard Officer. <br /> <br /> This movie is titled Three Dreaded Cinema Known Stars; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee, and Ingrid Pitt, who horror fans feel as one of Lee's most important stars of all time; The Wicker Man. <br /> <br /> The first segment of the movie, entitled "Murder Method", speaks of the creator of horror whose creations; The stranger named "Dominic" revives his own imagination. This story is based very well; through his girlfriend, his and his audience, it is believed that what he sees is his imagination. This story is certainly not quite original, but it creates the lack of originality through the atmosphere it creates, and this is the last twist; which works incredibly well and came as a real surprise. <br /> <br /> Another story, titled "Waxworks", marks Peter Cushing and is my least favorite. This story follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), who discovers a wax museum and decides to bring it. She finds a woman who is familiar with her and who we'll find out later. Quite precisely, a woman's relationship with Phillip is never explained, but the story is based on a mystery to build the details of the arbitration rather than the details. Later, his friend Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) joined Cushing and this is when the story really starts to pick up. Setting up a Waxwork museum, full of murderers, is not a new idea; the same provision was used for the great 1966 horror film "The House of Horror". Although not as large as the film mentioned above, this power is not terrible, because much of it is achieved with claustrophobia caused by a limited area. museum. Peter Cushing is always interesting to watch, and without seeing him, to avoid an ax-dependent madman, he is a spooky fan. Despite being my least favorite, this story is still interesting and interesting enough that this anthology won't let it go. This story marks the legendary Christopher Lee as a seemingly defenseless father. The beauty of this story comes from how it is played. This leaves the public with an idea; we know there is something wrong with father or daughter, but we don't know who or what it is. Christopher Lee, as usual, depicts his character with great heart; the audience is left to touch their activities to give their daughter a doll and the fact that she is not allowed to go to school or play toys. It is precisely because the card is held close to the chest until the end is proved by a really cool line where Lee tells his babysitter that he is actually in front of his daughter. The end of this section is a great play, I think it is one of the best ends of any horror that has ever been said, and will stay with you after the final credit rolls. <br /> <br /> Omnibus ends with The Cloak, which is definitely the four most comedy. This story speaks of a hammy horror movie star whose last technical aspect of the film is unimpressed and purchases itself in a coat. Of course, this rain turns out to be a real vampire. Unlike the other three stories, it seems to be mostly laughing. However, this is not a bad thing, as most humor is funny and it is a nice contrast to the rest of the movie. Completing this story coincides nicely with the end of the story surrounding the film, which is a very bad but humorous ending for a very good movie. See also that Dracula has a small jib about Christopher Lee. I think it's a nice touch. <br /> <br /> Generally, if you want a horror omnibus, you really don't go wrong with a house that dripped blood. The third story alone makes the film worthy of your time and it is indeed a very sure horror movie.
