The adaptation of G. Shaw '' Saint Joan '' (Graham Greene's scenario) was one of the worst critical reactions. The pseudo-elite, the purists, and the audience did not respond to the film that lacked the anticipated divinity and glamor of the historic competition. Like '' Peeping Tom '', the reaction was malicious and unreasonable. Preminger adapted Shaw's intellectual investigation into the influences and activities surrounding Joan of Arc (his real name in his language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this movie is in English) is completely faithful to the spirit of the original game, not just the literally emotional level, but also formally. His film is the study of the functioning of institutions, the division of different groups and those who all want to seize power. As such, we are not allowed to identify at any emotional level any sign, including Joan himself. <br /> <br /> The play of Jean Seberg (whose later life is here in parallel with his role) is presented as an innocent, purity indicator whose actions and presence reveal corruption and emptiness in all. As such, Seberg plays both Saint and Madwoman. The lack of his own experience as an actor when he made this film (which does not appear in places) gives Jeanne a freshness and youth that reveals the fact that Jeanne la Pucelle is a humble illiterate peasant girl who owns her village and her natural intelligence. In no case does he deserve the harsh criticism he has received for the first release of the film, which is the call and speech of the first actor without first-hand experience. Shaw and Preminger took a secular view of Joan, seeing him as a medieval feminist, unhappy that he was a rustic daughter whose fate must be married, or a whore whose soldiers have taken to and from battlefields. His faith, his voices, his vision, which he mixes with words such as "imagination" and "common sense", makes him wear the armies of his soldiers in order to make them fight for invading English from France. And yet it can be said that the film is more interested in the Dauphin Court (Richard Widmark), a clergyman clerk who is trying to direct Joan Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, impeccably cast) and activities of Count Warwick (John Gielgud), then in Joan. An excellent ensemble of cast (all men) represents schematic lines, Machievellian (although the story precedes Niccolo) opportunists who treat religion as a childish toy that is used and manipulated for their own purposes. The sharp sardonic dialogue gives the participants fun. John Gielgud, as an extremely rational Earl, whose intelligence (albeit accompanied by corruption), allows him to calculate exactly how he can ensure that Joan burns with his contribution, and Anton Walbrook Pierre Cauchon brings this three-dimensional portrait to the intelligent theologian, giving Joan a fair trial, which certainly finds him guilty. Richard Widmark as Dauphin is a true revelation. On the contrary, you can find the madness of Widmark's weak future ruler, a comic book that is as close to the comic as this movie. A comic performance that seems like a simulation of Jerry Lewis much more than France's successful future ruler. <br /> <br /> Preminger shot '' Saint Joan '' in black and white, with Georges Perinal, who worked with Rene Clair and painted Colonel Blimm's life and death. It is completely delimited to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere of this film. Preminger prefers to follow long-term interruptions in film efficiency, there is no point in wasting movement somewhere in his own scene. <br /> <br /> It also stands for Preming's most trend. mature (and the most neglected period) focuses on conflict between individuals and institutions where they work, how the institution works, and how individuals act according to its principles. These themes get the most direct treatment in your movie and always keep things unpredictable and don't find black and white answers. This is one of his best and most effective films.
