Fräulein Doctor is as good as a demonstration of how once the number of major film industries in Western Europe has declined over the last 40 years. Then, at the end of the 1960s, while the great Hollywood studios were ropes, the Italian, French and English films were in order to fill the gap left by Hollywood. There were James Bond pictures (a surprise to Doctor No in the United States, it first appeared in the Century Theater Circle at NYC with a 99-cent afternoon entrance fee), Clint Eastwood's Spaghetti Westerns (with A Fistful of Dollars released by a distributor who never paid a dime to Italian producers ) and French criminal films that usually went to art houses other than the Sicilian clan. And there were also European joint products like Doctor Zhivago and of course Fräulein Doctor. Fräulein Doctor was a great budget for this time and the talent involved was good enough that the viewers still remember decades later. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More, who plays the British Intelligence Officer, is a line at Fräuleinis Doctor, where he says he's trying to talk to Spy or play Wall Game. The wall is against the burning group, with little chance that the spy won the game. Such a cynical attitude was well over national borders in the Vietnam War of 1969. <br /> <br /> The steamy scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine are unlikely to damage the ability of these performers to acquire parts of Hollywood films, Hollywood studios destroying their overseas distribution and production companies. Fox no longer produces such films as the Sicilian clan, Columbia does not distribute such films as Belmondo The Night Caller. MGM went even further, cutting almost all the film production, selling its theater chain for the value of its land in India and the unloading of its Borehamwood studio when Kerkorian plundered the studio to raise money for building its casino in Las Vegas (where the Bally casino gift shop sold MGM monuments gigeaway prices, items left in the MGM luggage auction). <br /> <br /> Paramount shared the Fräulein Doctor, but the cool and western Charles Bludhorn, who had taken over the company and the outdated board of the preserved studio released the studio to the movie library (recalling), and really interested in films after production, headed Robert Evans. But it was in the 70s. Fräulein Doctor, with his lesbian scene, was buried, film-cut versions appeared in local stations in the 1980s. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More was usually a worshiper of parents, especially the BBC. Det Brown, Father of Detective. When he was younger than the British Titanic, he played his standard reserved British officer. In Fräulein Doktor he had the opportunity to be much harder than usual. It would be nice to see if my memory of this film is accurate, its role and, of course, the horses of the cavalry who carry gas masks and protective covers. It was a scene, and Alberto Lattuada showed that he was one of the first leaders of World War I espionage films, where the money spent on production values ​​really appears on the screen.
