The EU MAR is a harsh, tough, totally brilliant, brave job in cinematography. Director Agustí Villaronga, who has adapted from Blai Bonet's novel Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida, has created a film that tracks the profound effects of war on children's thoughts and how this exposure affects the lives of adults. And while focusing on the terrible tattoo of children for war, it is clear that the transfer to similar effects on soldiers and adult citizens is clear. This film will become one of the best anti-war documents without using pamphleticism: the end result will have a much greater impact as it is a characteristic story after the children travel in adulthood. <br /> <br /> A small group of children are shown in the Spanish Civil War in Spain, threatened by blackouts and invasive killing of citizens at night. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) know the fear and revenge of men for murder, leading to one of them murder and suicide. These large children become adults who carry all their mental disorders and traumas that they feel are suppressed. <br /> <br /> Then we will meet the three who will survive adulthood, where they will all be confined to tuberculosis. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) has survived as a male prostitute, protected by his "John" Morell (Juli Mira) and who has privatized his lifestyle. There (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a weakly sexually repressed homosexual man whose cover is his commitment to Catholicism and the blurring of self-harm / crucifixion. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) has become a nun and serves patients in a sanatorium. These three are re-merged in a sanitary environment and slowly reveal their childhood experiences in war. There's Ramala's love there, Ramala wants to become free from Morell, and Francisca has to face her inner need, covered by her white nun habit. <br /> <br /> The setting of the sanatorium provides a graphical plane with a thin thread between life and death, between lust and love and between dedication and destruction. More specifically, the film's impact on the individual viewer would be destroyed, but it is enough to say that there is a graphic sex involved and full of nudity (in some of the most amazingly raw shots that are still on the film) and the viewer should be ready to witness any brutality that can be imagined. For this viewer, these scenes are extremely important and Director Villaronga must be praised for his persistence and courage in making this story so intense. As children and adults, actors are excellent: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are especially good in very difficult roles. The director's vision is provided by Jaime Peracaula's cinematic and Javier Navarrete's haunting musical result. This is a tough film, but highly recommended for those who are not afraid of war and its consequences. Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
