"Gespenster" The question that German cinema would be cool, <br /> <br /> There are not many German films that have been interested in me over the past ten years. Yes, the problem with most German films is also in this movie "Gespenster". He has some places to eat to be good to see. Especially Toni (Sabine Timento) is too cool. But it's always in German movies. Everyone has to learn cool - this is a realistic film. It's hard to understand. But in that case, it makes sense because he steals and lies - he's a girl you don't love, because you lose it. This is not clear for Nina. She loves her - and she would lose. But Nina lost everything. She plays with a soft emotion and a sad feeling. There is no way - but you have to say this to Herbert Achterbusch for 20 years. It's so often as it happens in German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not within the laws of society - it's outside - and there's no chance there. These films try not to play in every place. Thats one of the problems - stupid break with conventions - criminal charm. Throw it all away - and go nowhere! But the actor plays this hard part very interesting. On the other hand - there parents - who is the pendant of two girls. The car has a hotel suite with money and live music in the world. But the film always looks far away. They haven't been much explained. <br /> <br /> In the middle of this movie, there is one scene you will never forget. Two girls poured. And there they should say how they find together. Toni is in this scene. He said he had a fantastic story - he had nothing to do with him. And then Nina tells the truth. He said this in an introversion. There is no exhibition there. He looks at the bottom and said what's going on here. This is a great moment. At the next scene, where there are red pictures, this feeling is going on - when Toni goes away ... <br /> <br /> Okay, the movie ends - in German coolneß - garbage - here the ring of sadness closes. But there was a moment - something going on - and that moment was important. He's more than German coolneß - and such moments are rare in the German cinema at that time!
