"Gespenster" (2005), together with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008), is directed by Christian Petzold's Gespenster trilogy, which is undoubtedly one of our Kreme-De-la-creme German film directors. about. <br /> <br /> "Gespenster" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter was kidnapped as a 3-year-old, while her mother turned to Berlin in 1 minute and never had ever seen her. Since then, her mother continues to travel to Berlin when it is possible and time-consuming to look for girls with the current age. As we later hear in the movie, her mother was already convinced many times that she found her daughter Marie. But this time, when he meets Nina, everything is completely different. <br /> <br /> Film does not produce solutions, not even partial solutions, and to the extent it is quite disappointing. We cannot equip ourselves to decide whether the mother is really crazy or not if her actual daughter is still alive or not. Most disappointment is the end. After we've seen in the movie, it's a duty for the spectator not to talk to him because the author leaves Nina alone. A simple walk that symbolizes nothing has changed can be a dramatic effect of dramaturgy (eg "Umberto D."), but "Gespenster" has been relocated. <br /> <br /> Critics referred to Freud's motifs in this movie, let me give you a test: Why is it that similar persons do not know each other, especially the people that another similar person knows? This is a rather crazy question that has been agreed upon in the aristocratic logic, according to which the concept of individual possessions. An individual is one who does not share any of its defining qualities with anyone. So, the answer of the Aristotle to my question is: they do not know each other because their similarity is a pure change. Anyone who is not crazy believes it. But if this is the case, similar persons have similarities that can not be effortlessly changed, for example. scarves on the left under the ankle or heart-shaped birthmark under their right shoulder blades? This is the metaphysical context that this film has made, although I am not sure even the director has understood it. Despite our modern, aristocratic world, the superstition that has survived in human mythology around the world, that similar people also have parts of their individuality, and that individuality is not something unusual, but rather diffusion, so that the boundaries between people are open, such and similar beliefs build a strong irrational core, despite otherwise strongly rational thinking - the most interesting source of Gespenster.
