I am always surprised how many times you see the Second World War on German national television. You think they don't want to open old wounds, but there is no week to go without a documentary or movie about the horror and cruelty of this war. Maybe this is the way to deal with your past, I don't know, but you can't blame them if you ignore what happened. And this has to be said: most of these documentaries are really worth it because they never try to shine the truth and the same can be said about these films (like "Der Untergang" or "The Downfall" as you might now have realistic. <br /> <br /> One of these films is "Rosenstrasse." It tells a real story and deals with the issue of mixed marriages during the war, even though the film begins with a family based in the US. he wasn't very religious before. He doesn't know where his mother's strange behavior comes from, but when he starts digging his mother in a difficult childhood, Hannah understands how little he has ever known of his mother's past. While the subject of mixed marriage is already quite surprising, as far as I know it hasn't been dealt with yet. (For those who didn't know it yet: marrying a pure Aryia man or woman, m It was meant for many Jews not to be sent to one of the concentration camps, but to work at the factory. But it is not just about the problems of the mixed communities, but it also gives a good insight into how these people were often seen by their parents and relatives. How difficult sometimes they were during the Nazi regime and how these people, mostly women, did everything in their power to release their men when they were caught and locked, for example, in Rosenstrasse ... <br /> <br /> Action is really good and the story is very well written, although the way it was first presented is not really for me (and that's exactly what you see) the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I would have left a big part of what's happening today. At least that part of the US, because the part where Hannah goes to Berlin and tells someone who knows more about her mother's past is definitely working. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in anything that has something to do with World War II and if you may not be looking for a lot of activities, this is definitely the movie you should see. This is not a movie where you can see any battles or armed conflicts, but it is definitely an interesting film because it gives you the idea of ​​a war that is little known. I'll give him 8/10.
