In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta unites two stories to create lively love and courage. The film depicts the drama and story of the alienation of a mother and her daughter from German women who directed a protest against Rosenstrasse to release their Jewish men from certain destruction. In addition to dramatizing historical events, the film focuses on rescuing the child from the Holocaust by Germany and the experience of losing the child's mother. When von von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans has changed, he does not use it to apologize to German society. Indeed, he shows how, in the midst of torture and destruction, the wealthy artists and intellectuals of the German high society went on from their lives and parties, despite impatience. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit for Shiva, a seven-day mourning period after a funeral, where Jewish family members pay full attention to the remembrance and mourning of the dead. When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is forbidden to call non-Jewish Mr Luis (Fedja van Huet), Hannah asks why her mother has suddenly decided to follow the Orthodox tradition she rejected. When Ruth pushes a cold cousin, Hannah interviews her and learns a woman named Lena, who took Ruth as a child, when her mother was deported and murdered by the Nazis, and promised to find Lena and discovered the mystery of her mother's past. he is in Berlin where he finds Lena (Doris Schade), who is now ninety years old, and interviews her on the pretext that she is a journalist studying certain aspects of the Holocaust. With endless memory, Lena tells her story of how she, as a young 33-year-old woman (Katja Reimann), was looking for her husband, Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel), who disappeared and presumed in captivity for the protection usually given to Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in the rhyming stage of Reiman, finds her husband and other Jews imprisoned in a former Rosenstrasse factory. <br /> <br /> Standing with the cold night, German women, whose husband is missing outside the building, are growing up every day until they reach one thousand cries: "Give us back our men". Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young girl whose mother is in the building. He takes care of him, protects him from Gestapo and raises him after his mother's death. Lena is from an aristocratic German family and her brother, recently returned from Stalingrad, is an officer of the Wehrmacht. After his father refused to release Fabian, he supported his brother, who spoke to his co-worker, "I know what they're doing for the Jews. I saw it." Based on his support, he is brave enough to pass through the canals and go to the top where his beauty and charm are to the Minister of Culture, Joseph Goebbels, a well-known female woman, irresistible. Although this fictional part of the film has been humiliated by women protesters, it is a historical fact that Goebbels was very active in making decisions affecting Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Director Margarethe von Trotta, activist feminist and intellectual is not alien to political drama. He directed the film on Social Democrats Rosa Luxemburg and Marianne and Julianne, a story of the relationship between two sisters, one of whom is political violence to achieve his liberal goals. In Rosenstrasse's film, which he worked for eight years, he had to make compromises by adding a modern fancy element to make his film. Because it works so well, Mr von Trotta's creation and the beautiful scenario of Pamela Katz, whose father was a Leipzig refugee, are. The events in Rosenstrasse give the wrong Germans who say, "We couldn't do anything". Now, von Trotta has shown the opposite to be true that something can be done against the Nazis. It is tragic that the example would not remain.
