It was another wonderful film from the Berlin Festival. But unlike Sally Potter's "hunt", which I saw a few days before I left the cinema, I felt a strong desire to embrace the whole world, and I was just happy to get alive, this time a completely different thing happened. : There was something that drew me and the air suddenly felt cold and difficult to breathe. Just as suddenly there was no hope, the whole future had been taken away. <br /> <br /> Nina's life seemed to be bad and locked, but then one lovely day, it seems like the brightness that opens the horizon and makes her believe in fulfilling her dreams. There was no one next to him, but suddenly he finds a companion, nothing, someone who was able to share the hidden feelings of his life. This person was Toni, a vagabond girl who didn't seem to have any roots like herself. <br /> <br /> But the movie's title is "Ghosts" and ghosts appear and disappear, if they wish, how to keep them? Ghosts also represent the hidden fantasies of people, the strange ideas that you think are occupied and which only you see are hidden by all other people. French woman Françoise is the victim of such ghosts. He never lost his child's daughter in Berlin, who apparently was abducted in a supermarket. Now is the time to go and Françoise is back in Berlin, still looking for a missing child. between the shoulders, which seems to prove his true identity. <br /> <br /> Nina takes this idea because she is not only desperate when she needs a companion, she also misses her mother. But in the end, he's empty-handed, Toni's lost to the man, and his supposed mother turns out to be a sick woman. "Marie is dead," concludes Françoise's wife and the statement cannot be disappointing. The nose is simply "niña", the name without the name, there is no hope of any divine fulfillment. In this world, Marie is not alone to live with. That is why we finally see Nina alone, walking along the path that opened her before, the future that looks joyful and insecure.
