I don't think many movies (especially comedies) have added a memorable, quotable dialogue like MOONSTRUCK. I do not illustrate it - you will see a list of long quotes on this thread, but I have an amazing film that can make memorable topics such as using expensive copper tubing instead of brass for memorable dialogue. It is not the only line that opens and traces our memory. How about a restaurant waiter who regrets the proposed marriage proposal because it means losing an old bachelor's client? Or a nice, old dog encouragement, encouraging his pack to limp to his moon? Or a description of the youthful promise of a female student of Perry (John Mahoney's) as "moonlight in martini" (my favorite line). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a great example of a brilliant script, first-rate direction and good ensemble cast that fits perfectly. There are other examples (drama THE OX-BOW INCIDENT is another example, but bypass). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello are all connected with plots and crosses that explore the nature of love and how to process it. Is this good love? Ultimately, Cher and Cage seem to think, but Dukakis knows that true love drives the individual mad (and Cage also gazes when he and Cher dispute outside their home after they return from La Boheme). Is human fidelity a way to avoid the thoughts of death. Dukakis believes so, and (strangely - though not entirely convinced) Aiello. The opportunity shows unfaithfulness - Dukakis understands early that Gardenia's odd behavior is unbelievable, and Cher literally writes to Gardenia and her girlfriend for opera (but Gardenia also steals Cher for a similar fidelity to Aiell). But the opportunity also gives rise to misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin stumbles on Dukakis with John Mahoney and thinks he has a thing. <br /> <br /> The movie also has beautiful moments. Cher's observation of the flowers leading to it. He listened to the argument in the liquor store and its resolution. Best of all, however, is the charming and kind commentary by Ray Guss and Julie Bovasso on Cher's uncle and aunt Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi and Rita on Raymond's moonlight about his influence. It's a sweeter moment for the whole film. <br /> <br /> This is a flawless movie. After seeing it for over ten years for so many years, I can only find two points that don't seem to be as smooth as they should be. When Cher is in Cage's bakery, his assistant Chrissy (Nada Despotovich) mentions how he is in love with Cage, but has been afraid to tell him. Earlier he was a bit disdainful about Cher, who put him in his place quickly. But there seems to be nothing to do with this possible rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets his uncle's and aunt's daily business profits immediately brings the movie to seven minutes - but dropped as quickly. Were there to be some plot lines that had fallen apart from one Cher and Vincent Gardenia who worked in a shelter for homeless men like repentance? This is a little annoyance, but I think it is simply based on the desire to see this movie more because it is so good.
