The tiny twists of this film are accompanied by an excellent romance element that irritates the passionate passion! These are the features of "Moonstrucki" ideal images that suffer from the astonishing decisions of almost all of Hollywood's outstanding critics. Let me describe the circumstances of this movie, simply saying they are "yesterday". "Moonstruck" is a single film that creates naivety of old Italian neighbors in New York. New York City has always been one of the great melting pot galvanized with many somewhat heroes that refer to typical New York leaders. In the mid and late eighties, many strong links with different cultural stereotypes came sharply. Ethnic polarization was a strictly disguised scourge in American history, which had been many generations before the film. These generalizing tendencies still exist today, but they are rather split and less identifiable! The family, confusion, indecision, anxiety, and yes, of course, love of the past of Italy, for all, is their comic marriage, which is perfectly understandable to them! "Moonstrucki" relatives' spirits seem to understand the individual weaknesses. It may be asked that Cher plays a leading role because he is known more than an entertainer than a big movie first billing star. However, in "Moonstruck" I think he was incredibly fit for his role and came in a relatively incredibly unbelievable situation. All "Moonstrucki" characters are very harsh at the edges, really harsh and not afraid that they will have a heavy nasty regret. The most fun aspect of their life is imperfection and they are thoroughly aware of the fact that storm weather conditions definitely serve a constructive purpose! I thought the action in this film was sensational. All the relationships in this movie collect auspicious potential for lively enlightenment, because everyone knows how all other basic nature really likes! There is nothing glamorous about this family, nothing is pretentiously romantic, and nothing is too emotional (just moderately). The fact is that the whole family is clearly and permanently afflicted and is very passionate and sincere in their whole life. Actually, taking the beams of the moon literally can really be a pleasant effect that affects your solution, the disguised mysticism, and the resistance to the old screen. So it stands for everything! In this film, home and animated tenets are basically one; Be honest, angry; Be honest, get confronted; Be honest, get distorted and stressed; Most important; Be honest and fall in love! This is Cher's best actor as an actor !! Nicholas Cage, Danny Aiello, and Olympia Dukakis were a great shortage of "Moonstruck". The performances of these three were perfectly suited to the kinetic energy of the film's characters! Director Norman Jewison (known as "Cincinnati Kid", "Thomas Crowne Affair" and the most famous "In The Heat of the Night", which won the 1967 Best Picture Academic Award) depicts many eager and humanistic instincts in this process to purge the deliberate contradiction of this film ! I'm an Italian American of origin, (partly) Cher is not Italian and that's why neither writer nor director! I think that as non-Italians love our food, they can also use our culture to make a fabulous film! It's refreshing to know that the movie can be wonderful and have an incredibly happy ending !! For those who didn't like this movie, I have one thing to say "Snap Out Of !!" This movie "Moonstruck" is completely happy! Completely eighty !! And Five Five Stars! Look at this!!
