Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman at the end of her thirties, a widow who lives with her parents in a two-room apartment in Brooklyn. He is involved in marriage with Johnny Cammarer (Danny Aiello), blessed, more out of office than real love. Before her wedding, Johnny takes a trip to visit her mother, who is sick, and leaves Loretta, who plays with her brother Ronny with olive leaves, informing her of her upcoming wedding. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) has not forgiven Johnny for the cause of his accident, which caused him to lose his hand (and then his bride), but he is not Loretta and hard. After heating, Loretta tries to avoid Johnny's respect, but her dark appearance and powerful masculinity win her. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother, Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis), does not believe her husband, Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia), sees another woman, but also admires the college professor and admires why men are pursuing women. Things get complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta that they can't be married. <br /> <br /> Setting up is a clean sitcom, but the story written by John Patrick Shanley, who has a deep understanding of the Italian-Americans who live in New York is genuine: he gets the peculiarities of these people and their daily foibles and quirks, and All the characters have a deep romance that comes through all the moments of the main moments. Loretta, the loss of her husband and the knowledge of her accident possibilities are thin, rising slowly as a woman she loves unexpectedly, as she becomes the hero of La Boheme - the one who recognizes love with a wooden hand with a man (smart reversal of the sexes) and Cher lives in that role embrace and exquisitely fine-tune its deep, dark beauty. Ronny is a pure fire and Nicholas Cage expresses a masculine power as he would direct Marlon Brando. Castorini and Cappomaggi, who balance the central pair, express their love to each other at two very important moments: the last couple, the full moon in the evening, when Loretta and Ronny finish their thing - a rare scene that depicts love and love. the closeness of the elderly - and the former tense moment of breakfast when Rose reveals that she wants Cosmo to stop seeing her mistress Mona (Anita Gillette). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is not only a romantic comedy and the date of the chosen movie, but also the common love and passion of people. The end is a tour of emotional influence, a family situation that transcends the current problems, to pull it back in the tradition, back to the days of immigrants, and this film will be another classic of a good-looking film. MOONSTRUCK got its Oscars with the best writings, actress and supportive actress and has proved to be a long time.
