I saw Heartland when it first appeared in 1980, and I just saw it again. It improves with age. Heartland is not just for "indie" movie lovers. At a time when most American films are a little more than cynical attempts to make money with CGI, pyrotechnics and / or vulgar, Heartland keeps the American story. It is also a reminder of how most of us modern, urbanized Americans have been violated. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this movie is overpriced or staged. Nobody rejects Hollywood movie calls. Participants really live their role. It seems to be a "small" movie, but it's really bigger than most of the multi-billion dollar Hollywood productions. <br /> <br /> The film is based on real people's lives. In 1910, Elinore Randall lives in Denver (Conchata Ferrell, who has never done anything better), a widow with 7-year-old daughter Jerrine (Megan Folsom), but wants more opportunities. He advertises the household position. Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our underrated actors), Scottish born shepherd, widow, with a farm outside Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepts the position (seven dollars a week!) And moves with her daughter to Wyoming. He and his daughter are moving to a small house in Stewart. It is a rolling, triangular area with endless views where silence breaks only the sounds of these people and their animals. It is guaranteed that the person feels small. These three characters go for a long time without the soul of another person. Worse still, Stewart turns out to be silent because it is almost silent. "I can't talk to a man," Elinore complains to Grandma Landauer. "You should learn better before winter," says Grandma. Grandma (Lilia Skala) is one of the few other characters who are seen more than briefly. She came to Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years earlier and runs her ranch alone now when she is a widow. Grandmother is their closest neighbor (and a local midwife) and lives another ten miles away! Another supportive character is Jack's hired hand (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> Elinore's routine (and its employer) is one endless, rebounded workforce with no modern amenities and where everything needs to be done, fixed or hand-made. This is the real flesh of the film: looking at the ordinary life of their livestock farmers when they fight against nature to live on the land. But despite constant fatigue and fatigue, Elinore is always looking for other ways. He learns that Stewart's adjacent tract is not required. He impulsively puts his property on the property (twelve dollars or almost two weeks of wages!), Which means that if he lives there (and he has to live there) and works for ten years, he will do it. Of course Stewart is studying what he has done. With ruthless logic, he points out that without money, no livestock, no credit and no assets, he has no chance of success. He then offers a solution: He makes a marriage. Stunned Elinore realizes that this is the only real alternative and agrees. <br /> <br /> We think that Stewart's proposal is purely Machiavellian --- he wants land and a free manpower --- but we see that he really is against Elinore and they grow together as a couple. She gets pregnant; he goes to work in the middle of the snow storms of the Middle Ages; Clyde rides through the storm for ten hours behind her grandmother and ten miles to tell her she wasn't there. It is real life rather than pleasant, people. Elinore has a child all by himself, without any help. Their son is still sick as a child and dies. They lose half of the cattle to the vicious circle. They're fighting. The final sequence of the film should be optimistic: the birth of a calf. Clyde calls Elinore quickly to help her bring the calf. Instead of having the head first, the calf is in the foreground. He and Elinore have to pull the calf out of the left ventricle. There is no CGI, animatron, trick, fake or special effects. What you see is what happened to the people: the calf was born on a layer of beer with a wooden candle lamplight. With this, the movie does not stop as much as just stopping, leaving the viewer dissatisfied, but after a while you will appreciate the movie as a whole, not just for its ending. <br /> <br /> This little pearl is worthy of patience and thoughtful. It can be traced long after the forgetting of most of the latest generation films.
