I am usually a mammal of romantic films that are well filmed and well-functioning. This is a romantic (periodic) film placed in 17th century Italy, but filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact that this is a movie in time means that it is inevitably a slower pace than the films set in today's history, so it suffered some. If you don't forget this, it's really a good movie. Landscapes, costumes and cinematography are beautiful, and the main actors and actors are very imaginative in their imagination, projecting the intensity of emotions passing through the plot. The story is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending. It is easy to believe that it is the exact images of real characters. Despite the fact that I was really the main characters and the story looked, I decided to review the validity of the story and found out that the main theme of the movie - sad sad unfinished love story - was completely made. <br /> <br /> In fact, Tassi lives originally with Artemisia, rather than presenting his presentations with passion and passion when the film was depicted. He continued with him only because he had repeatedly promised to marry him. When they were in court, he did not recognize * the innocence of rape for Artemisia's torture (as opposed to film images). In reality, he had tried to portray Artemisia as a loose, buggy woman whose sexual demands were unsatisfactory. In the film, his sister admitted in court that Tsi was her husband and her sexual relations with her sister-in-law, and the character of Tas had always appeared as if her sister had accused her of her alleged affair sister-in-law (although she admits she was back Florence). Needless to say, it wasn't at all. Actually, far from it. The cup was indeed responsible for the murder of his wife, whom he was born of rape. And to add to that, Tas was really a sexual relationship with his sister-brother, impregnating her in the process, but it wasn't very mutual - she had rape her before. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear picture of the actual Cup as a multiple sex offender, what are we doing about Artemisia as a lover of his portrayal? We take this attempt to make this film a romantic movie ... that this movie was never historically accurate ... In addition to these just mentioned points, there were other historical inaccuracies such as Artemisia's interpretation of art (in real life he didn't really affect Tas's painting style and was actually seen One thing is true and the fact that Artemisia Gentileschi has been credited with history as the first female painter, and although her mastery competed with many of her male peers, she had always had trouble getting enough credit for her work because her sex is a woman in the 17th century in Italy. <br /> <br /> Enjoy this movie in your own interest as it is a pretty romantic drama, but take your historical references to a salt blade.
