Rock Solid Giallo Genre Masterpiece, Sergio Martino. Based on Ernesto Gestald's admirable scenario, this shocking mystery often develops into exciting twists up to the amazing finale that most movies don't see. This is when everyone is in the place we can go, "Ahh." The film revolves around the death of the husband (the blast of an airplane) and the million dollars a woman receives from it. There are those who are very interested in this money, especially one of the dead man's mistress. Her husband is Lisa (East Galli), and a woman who requires half the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). He tells Lisa that she knows that her death was arranged for insurance. Lara says she uses her "lawyer", Sharif (Luis Barboo), to get that money. So the film already produces two more suspects Lisa in a later murder in Tokyo. George Hilton depicts Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that investigates those who inherit to see if a payday has been collected by suspicious means. If he kills his time at the time, add a man dressed in black toes on his headrest, then he's a suspect. He decides to do a little research while helping Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol Agent Benton (Tom Felleghy) in their quest to find a killer. The killer strikes several times to prevent someone who turns a lost million dollar, confiscated by the person responsible for killing Addition. Soon the film will be followed by a journalist, Cléo Dupont (delicious, lush Anita Strindberg), when he and Peter meet for dinner, where he could try and kick something that could break the story. Soon they fall deeply in love, but it seems that anyone near Peter is killed. Soon, someone Cléo will be attacking, who is going to kill, which will force the investigation into an unopened territory. Why would anyone want to harm a journalist without actual facts to harm people who kill people. <br /> <br /> This giallo is pretty smart and exciting. The film never ends, which is quite remarkable because so much happens to leave open the question of killer identity. This film follows the path of gialli by cutting knives, as some killers have taken (throat and lower torso). The film's conclusion covers all the complicated open ends and is quite satisfactory. The film has some unique corners of the camera, but it is offered in terms of plot management and mystery.
