Sergio Martino has recently impressed me with his classic "Prince Wardh vice president of Giallo" and unforgettable "Your Vice President is locked room and only I have the key" - but I did not expect too much of this film. The Scorpion tail case is not as much mentioned in the classic Giallo discussion as the above-mentioned titles - but I don't know why, because it is at least as good as the two! Dario Argento may be the King of Giallo, but with the five films he did, Sergio Martino is definitely not too far away. In some way, he even crosses the master. All Martino films appeared before the Argento crown, great Profondo Rosso, so early in the 1970s - Martino was king! The plot here follows the sense of murder for profit and follows the wealthy insurance premiums. Her husband is suppressing $ 1 million and it is not long before people have their blood! When he dies soon after his death, the case is followed by an investigator and a happy young young journalist. <br /> <br /> The Scorpion tail incident may not benefit from the beautiful Edwige Fenech, but he has two Martino accomplices on board. The most famous is George Hilton, who worked with Marino on Mrs. Wardh's strange vice-chair and all the dark colors along with many other Giallos. The Hilton has a large screen and every time I see her on an Italian thriller; why it is repeatedly poured. Beautiful Anita Strindberg, who is remembered by your vice president, is a locked room, stars next to Hilton, and are great for a classic Giallo female. Sergio Martino, under the direction of the director, is once again doing a good job with a number of beautiful scenes, the best in a room with green lighting! Bruno Nicolai's score (Wardh) sets a great mood, but it's a script that is behind Martino's success. Martino's other four Giallo writers, Ernesto Gastaldi, have put together a nice script that will stay away from the usual Giallo trap because it doesn't make sense; thus releasing this movie from the rest of the illogical genre. The Scorpion tail case is a high-quality Giallo movie and another great success for Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you love it!
