Sergio Martino Scorpion's tail case is a picturesque giallo genre from the early 70s. An airplane explosion causes one million dollars of insurance money for a dead but unfaithful woman. Then, the money clicks on the black-clad assassin and follows a series of brutal murders. Scorpion's tail plays a reasonable element written by giallo specialist Ernesto Gastaldi, quite straight. But when the murder is, the murders themselves are memorable and well-staged. In fact, the violence of this film in places is very strong - a scene where the broken bottle is particularly graphic. The pressure on violence undoubtedly affects the giallo genre to move more and more to the extreme region. But like the best movies in the genre, brutality compensates for good results and attractive photography. Bruno Nicolai's music sometimes resembles the Ennio Morricone avant-garde, which works with Crystal Plumage but is also strong. Photography is helped by the use of nice outdoor centers - in this case London and Athens - where Martino manages to get to Parliament's houses and Acropolis! There are also some invented camera work, the most effective is the use of slow motion in the order in which the woman drives to the door where the maniac is outside. In this particular scene, Martinal's killer horse is through a door knife in a manner influenced by Dario Argento Crystal Plumage, but he also has a killer attempt to close a knife with a blade that is something that is repeated later. Argento in Suspiria. So Martino is influential in his sense. <br /> <br /> It's a good thing that both genre and non-genre fans will appreciate. The performances are good and the output values ​​are good (although the airplane explosion is somewhat low in budget!). NoShame's DVD edition is great. It's a choice of English and Italian, which is a real bonus. However, it is worth noting that sometimes you need to be a quick reader to fully appreciate the possibility of English subtitles. This applies to both the film and the supporting documents. However, this is a small point, the DVD edition is a valuable addition to any giallo collection.
