Sergio Martino is a great director who has made a lot of contributions to the Italian genre and, in his opinion, his impressive repertoire has been highlighted by Gialli in the 1970s. "La Coda Dello Scorpione". The 1971 Scorpio Story is one of those impressive films that Martino has contributed to the most original genre of the Italian horror, and another proof that the man is a master of atmosphere, style and arrest. My personal favorite of the Martino films I've seen so far is still in 1972 the most brilliant "Your Vice President, who is in a closed room and only I have the key", followed by "Torso" (1973) and "Strange Vice President". Wardh "(1971), which I personally like. This is a purely personal taste, but" La Coda Dello Scorpione "is an equally great film that is important for fans of every Horror movie and general fan. <br /> <br /> The film that makes Strengthening from the outset is a complex and thrilling plot that begins with the mysterious death of a millionaire who died during an air strike. When Lynch begins to investigate, a person is brutally murdered, which is just the beginning of some murders ... <br /> <br /> "Scorpion's tail incident" offers all the elements that are great for Giallo's needs. Bruno Nicolai's score is brilliant, the plot is wonderfully complicated, and the killer's identity remains a mystery. ”Regular Giallo leading man George Hilton once again highlights excellent performance. Strindberg is a female knee. It includes the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the brightest rules of Italian genres in the 60s and 70s, and another great actor, Alberto De Mendoza, who should be familiar with a lover of Italian cinema. In Athens, where most of the film takes place, it is really a great place for Gialo. The atmosphere is constantly captivating and photography is great and Bruno Nicolai's brilliant score makes the break even more intense. Short story: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another Sergio Martino Giallo and absolute black-sub-genre lover! Stylish, tight and great in all aspects!
