I am really tempted to reward the "Scorpion tail case" with 10 out of 10 ratings, but this would be largely due to the fact that I think the Italian horror cinema of the 1970s is so much better than the hair I usually look at. But even without the extra point of nostalgia, it is STILL's true craftsmanship and high-ranking achievement with a superbly complex story, an unpleasant atmosphere, blood-soaked killings and excellent election choices. In my humble opinion, this is actually the best gialloid of Sergio Martino, and it has to mean something like "Ms. Wardhi's strange vice president", "All the colors of darkness", "Torso" and "Your vice president is locked in space and only I have the key" are all top-notch genre achievements. But this movie is just a little better boss because of its highly effective trial insurance that is out of control. After her husband's unique death in a plane blast (!) Lisa Baumer immediately becomes a suspicious owner of one million dollars and is eager to leave the country as soon as possible. Because of the odd circumstances, the insurance company puts its best investigator, Peter Lynch, in the incident and is following him to Greece. There's an Add to the target of many attacks and the mystery of the case increases when it turns out that several people have been chasing for money. I'm always too worried about briefly summarizing gialli because I don't want to risk giving important plot elements. "Scorpio's tail" happens dramatically and completely unexpectedly before the story is halfway and I certainly don't want to destroy it for you. This is followed by many red herring, but Sergio Martino always succeeds one step ahead and even if it is not 100% satisfactory, the uprising is at least surprising. It is also a very stylish film with imaginative camera work and great music by Bruno Nicolai. Everyone's favorite giallo museum, Edwige Fenech, did not look strangely wrong (it represents no less than 3 other supreme Martino gials), but Anita Strindberg ("The Lizard in Woman's Skin", "Who saw her death?") Is a valuable replacement for her. Charismatic and hunky George Hilton is trustworthy, as always as your insurer researcher and? duh ?? ladies deluxe. If you are a giallo fan, don't wait as long as I did this to watch the movie !!!!
