Joan Crawford had just started his "working girl with good" stage in the dynamic "Paid" (1930). He had never tried this role before and the critics were impressed. So when other actors thought why they knelt their career (because they were stuck with characters who had been "in" a few years earlier), Joan listened to the public and secured his longevity as an actor. The depression was here and jazz-age babies who lived in an endless party circle had met. Of course, if you became rich with immoral resources, but you suffer from it - it was fine. <br /> <br /> This movie begins with a grandiose couple. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl out there - especially if she wants everyone to go swimming in their underwear! However, when Bonnie's father has a heart attack because Bonnie and his brother Rodney (William Bakewell) lose their stock market, they understand who their true friends are. After Bob Townsend (poor man Johnny Mack Brown) offers "the right thing" and to marry - they had just been together when Bonnie announced (giving up) that he wanted to get a confirmation - he would show some character, deciding to get a job. <br /> <br /> She finds work in the newspaper and makes her impression quickly. His working friend is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and together they are given the task of writing about the internal activities of the mob. Rodney also surprises him with the news that he also has a job. He is excited about him, but soon he realizes that it has been launched and is mixed with cold blood killer Jake Louvre (Clark Gable). Rodney feels like a massive shot and goes into pieces, "beans" to the first person he drinks at the bar - what happens to Bert. He is then forced to kill Bert and after that he is hiding. The paper pulls out all the stops to find Bert's killer and sends Bonnie as a secret dancer in one of Jake's clubs. (Joan dances with "Accordian Joe" a very lively dance - a lot of Sylvie's disgusting). The movie ends with a battle of weapons and when Rodney is dying, Bonnie wins his story wisely. <br /> <br /> This is a super movie with Crawford and Gable, giving it everything. Natalie Moorehead, with whom Sylvie shared the famous "cigarette scene" with Gable, was a stylish "second woman" who was fashionable in the early thirties. William Bakewell had a great career (he started out as a teenager at Douglas Fairbanks movie in the mid-20th century). Many of his roles, however, were weak, spineless characters. In this film, he played his weak brother and Joan Crawford, and in the shadow of the dynamic newcomer Clark Gable. Maybe he never got a star. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
