Ahista Ahista is one small little brilliant. I started to look at it and at first I got a bit bored because the pace was slow and the main idea of ​​meeting one missing girl was not really new. But when the film went on, I began to deal with film, fantastic writing and charming romance. The film was extremely simple and natural, and for a while I felt that I was watching the real documentation of one man's life. There is one very good reason why the film felt it, and it's a fresh talent called Abhay Deol. He is extremely convincing as simple, affectionate, and struggling with Ankush, whose new love motivates him to heal and fight for a better life. Throughout the film, he is presented as an ordinary mischievous prankster, but also as an auxiliary and loving person who, like any other, does something to protect his love. Deol depicts all the different shades of his character, whether positive or negative, naturally and completely. <br /> <br /> Shivam Nair's direction is very good. The life of his people living in rural areas is a great picture, but what is even more impressive is his portrayal of Ankush's relationship with different people around him, including his friends and his love for Megha, whom he is willing to do. I also liked how Nair portrayed her communication with her friend's loud and fat mother, whom she calls khalaks (aunt). She likes to run her mad and irritate her every time, but we see she takes a very special place in her heart and is like her mother-figure, which is shown by several scenes. Except for Abhay, the rest was fine. Though Sien Ali Khan is no different from me, he was good and had a mother's charm. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good, like an actor who played Ankushi khala. <br /> <br /> Apart from the performances, the film was outstanding. Dialogues were kind of ordinary, but great and the script was fantastic. This is mainly because, not as a new story, it was never superfluous or melodramatic, and there were no attempts to make it bigger than life. The biggest weakness of the film was Himesh Reshammiya's unpreferential music, which was not suitable for this film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was pleasant to look at and it got a better result for each scene. The concept may not be new, but the film manages to look fresh and more heartbeat than the story goes. The end was bitter, sad still optimistic. In short, this film will slowly rise to you and can easily be associated with wonderful writing, moving moments, charming romance, realistic procedures, and of course Abhay Deol's memorable.
