The story is about Ankush (Abhay Deol) - who is a professional marriage witness, in short he acts as a witness to the marriage registration bureau - and Megha (Soha Ali Khan) who ran Nainital away from home to marry him in love with Dhiraj (Shayan Munshi). The story begins with Meghaga, who is waiting for Dhiraji's marriage center, but for some reason she doesn't appear. So Ankush comes to this picture who had approached Megha to serve Rs. 200 of his witness for his work and he reaches him by helping him in the shelter. Ankush grows next to him, working as an agent in the bank… Ankush falls in love with Megha and he loves him (or love), both agree with the marriage and Dhiraj comes back to the picture. Unexpected events happen, in fact, I should say unexpected circumstances with unexpected reactions and then…. <br /> <br /> In fact, the movie's story is a bit different from the visible movies, and I don't think the masses will accept it, but if you're like me in the movie and love to watch something else, it's definitely like this movie. The film is simply an innocent love story, made very well by Abhay Deol and Soha Ali Khani. The characters are so natural that you feel things are going aside. Movie background music plays a very good role, it's just too good. How Delhi is shown is very good and gives a fresh feeling. <br /> <br /> So let it out and add up. Music: Well, as it was the creation of Himesh Reshammiya, so I didn't expect much, but I still liked a few songs from the song, including Qawwali. In action: Abhay Deol was the most impressive, very natural, and innocent act, but he should be singing in songs. Never Ali Khan, he is a doll, a very cute doll, which I have to say. Again, very innocent and natural action, and these two players are perfectly suited to their characters. In addition to these two, Shayan Munshi needs some exercise and may have little fat to cover the bones. Other participants did their job well. Letters: I'd give 3.5 stars out of 5. You will enjoy the movie when it is viewed in the theater, I would recommend watching it in the theater when you are a freak and accept rare stories. Otherwise, wait for the DVD to arrive. The film certainly does not like the masses and the business it can do is the word of mouth.
