This period is one of Griffith's earliest claustrophobic films. The characters left in the room have spread throughout his work and, as time goes by, he becomes increasingly poor to portray their helplessness and engage the audience in their fear. An empty title, Sealed Room, has one big difference with the usual plot line, because there's really no escape. <br /> <br /> Griffith has a claustrophobic effect in two ways. First of all, it's space usage. Although a typical biography short can use a dozen or more sets, is there only two adjacent rooms in a closed room? King's court and pigeon horse, which becomes a nickname. These shorts are rarely cited, but here it is very important. The court has a large interior, in the background hints deeper and shows us a window and staircase. The actors enter and leave the different directions, indicating that the room is not only spacious but also free and open. In contrast, the pigeon's back is very close to the camera and its corners, which indicate hexagonal or octagonal shape, make it even more limited. <br /> <br /> Another technique shown here is intersection cutting. Anyone with an interest in Griffith's work is probably aware of his heavy use and cross-sectional development to create excitement or tension. Many also know that, strictly speaking, it was not his invention. But what makes Griffith's cross-sections so effective is how he depicts contrasting images to complement each other. Closed space is a good example of what I mean. The shots of the heavy bricks that are relocated to the masons are slowly, step by step, stepped up when the wall height increases. Blissfully unknown lovers, where Marion Leonard tumbles on the flower head one by one, is suitable for this movement. When a couple understands their difficulties, their growing panic is complemented by the king's opposing shot against his wall against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this point, Griffith still had the impression that it could be heightened further by moving the third section into the cross section. The dramatic "ride of salvation" that was lacking here later became the usual climax of Griffith's images.
