By 1909, D.W. Griffith directed biography films for about a year and ?? work two or three weeks a week? began to develop his skills as a filmmaker. The "Closed Room" is a very interesting 11-minute short, exciting piece of gothic melodrama that even gently overshadows the area of ​​early horror. The simple narration was probably inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's 1846 story, "Amontillado Box", and it concerns a powerful king who is an astonishingly sadistic revenge to punish his wife's infidelity. Medievally, the "closed space" begins with the King (Arthur V. Johnson), who follows the construction of a windowless space from a separated dove-cote, the idea being that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) are a completely private place to enjoy each other's company. He's obviously in love with him, always showing his affection, this last act being the crowning achievement of his endearment. But the king did not know that his wife was in love with the royal minstrel (Henry B. Walthall). In a romantic contact in a specially built room, a woman and a minstrel are discovered, and a heart-damaged king is a means by which she can punish an unknown couple. Quietly, he tells his workers to shut down the only doorway with stone and mortar, slowly falling into the madness of falling when every new stone is put down. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith always had an eye-catching detail, and “Sealed Room” is a great example of this. The stylish medieval costume feels the reality of the film and the interior of the castle seems authentic enough to be credible. At that time, the director also had pioneering methods of creating intercourse, and I must admit that when the film progressed, I got fixed to find out what would happen to the unhappy young lovers. In the past minutes, Griffith limits his frames from a long and long-lasting still camera (as usual at that time), but soon? parallel to a darker subject? he changes his editing tactics excitingly. Although Griffith may not have invented this technique, was it crucial to popularize "cross-border" use? this means alternating between different events that occur simultaneously. Not only does it create a sense of continuity, but it also maximizes tension, because we, like the public, are aware not only of the strange action of the king, but also that the woman and the minstrel are not attentive to it Despite these innovations, the Sealed Room suffers from many of the age-specific shortcomings. below. The whole film only takes place in two spaces, the footage of which is summed up from just three positions, so the tendency is occasionally boring and monotonous. Effective performances are exaggerated for the extra effect, but at least for Arthur V. Johnson, his overwhelming affection actually admitted the growing madness of the betrayed king. The moment that I thought was particularly effective was when two lovers tried to leave the room to find their only doorway that was replaced with a solid stone. Their panicked reactions, accompanied by a quiet manic quarrel of the king, serve very well to create the future claustrophobic feeling. However, I thought that their oxygen supply was surprisingly fast.
