After the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908, the playwright D.W. Griffith got a job that made him a legend: he was hired by a biography company as a film director. It wasn't really what Griffith had been waiting for when he decided to enter the film company, but he took up the job and in less than a year he became the most successful director of the biographer due to his original approach to film making and the wild invention of his narrative. Many years later, in 1915, he directed the "Birth of a Nationality", a film that made filmmaking a groundbreaking one and made him one of the first recognized authors; a lot of what makes him a great filmmaker can be found in many of the short films he made for his biography company in the early years of his career. The "closed space" of 1909 is one of them, as well as one of the few films of the first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> "Sealed Room" is a 16th century story where Count (Arhtur V. Johnson) has built a windowless space in his castle. It is a small but nice and very cozy room, because it is designed to enjoy the love and company of your wife, Countess (Marion Leonard) more privately. The Count does not know, however, that his wife is not exactly faithful, because he has been complained by Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) in court with whom he has a business. As soon as the Count grabs his business, County Minstrel invites both lovers to enjoy a new space for the Count. When the Count returns, he discovers that he has disappeared and is suspicious of finally discovering two lovers in his room; but instead of making a scene, he prefers to remain hidden, because he decides that his unfaithful wife is better off punished by closing a windowless window with a couple. <br /> <br /> Written by Griffiths Ordinary Co-owner Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room" Takes Elements of Edgar Allan Poe's "Amontillado Box" and Mainly Honoré De Balzac's "La Grande Breteche" gothic melodrama. Although the Woods scenario works within 11 minutes, this story develops very well and plays the story with amazing elements very well. While Melodrama is close to heart, Woods focuses on the character of the county and his sadism creates one of the best horror of the early age. "Closed Room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but treating Woods' dark and diseased topics makes the story a very fun movie that was very different from most Griffith melodies. <br /> <br /> In a "closed space", Griffith uses his talents to test tension and tension differently than normal. Although he often played editing trillers that rejoiced his audience, this film focused on creating despair and horror by playing the essence of original fetal claustrophobia. Interesting is how the story begins with another of its melodrama, and slowly the pace becomes faster when the horror themes begin to dominate the plot, culminating in the great use of its latest image editing. Not as a film where camera tricks are indispensable, "The Sealed Room" reflects the talent of Griffith, who directs his actors, because the legendary filmmaker can bring out his pain with his usual natural style. staginess that was normal on his day. <br /> <br /> As usual, most of the usual Griffith companions were composed of Arthur V. Johnson as a Count. Johnson delivers excellent performance and truly transmits the character transition from a loving spouse to a sadistic monster. His performance is not without excessive movement, but actually adds the realism of an exaggerated personality. Like the countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and is also very effective as his actor, giving him a natural charm that makes him difficult not to compassion. Finally, legendary Henry B. Walthall appears as a beautiful Minstrel, and although he is by no means one of the best performances, he manages to act skillfully, adding a nice comedy to the film. Although it is not really important for a plot of land, it is nice to see other members of the Griffith Joint Stock Company in the background, like his wife Linda Arvidson and young Mary Mary Pickford as a judge. <br /> <br /> Although not exactly the masterpiece "The Sealed Room" is a remarkable editing exercise to create tensions and tensions like Griffith earlier these days. The film has a very good design and a very low budget, Griffith's service for details makes it very convincing and works great with its leadership style. Turning attention to horror makes it timeless, and the result of Johnson as a sadistic county is worth seeing. Although Griffith is always remembered for his very influential (and controversial) birth of nationality, the early short films he did before it really gives a good idea about techniques and style development that would make him a legend. Simple but elegant "Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10
