This is a true story of how three British soldiers escaped during the Second World War from German Prisoner Stalag Luft III. This is the same POW camp, which was the Great Escape scene, which resulted in the killing of 50 newly arrested officers by Gestapo (and later made it a very successful movie of the same name). <br /> <br /> While the other Stalag Lufti III violence is occupied by three enormous tunnels (known as Tom, Dick, and Harry), two enterprising British detainees came up with the idea of ​​building a wooden vault that could be placed near the fence of the compound wire, shortening the distance, what they should leave from this point of departure. The idea of ​​building your own Trojan horse version came to them when they discussed classic escape attempts and watched some of the competitions in the community with a splash. <br /> <br /> Originally, one and later two bibles were hidden inside, a wooden horse could be brought into the compound and placed every day in the same location near the fence. Though the volunteer POWS won over the horse, the refugees inside the horse were occupied by a tunnel excavation horse, placing near wire, wire and forest. The story also describes the dangers of three out of three escapes from Germany and the occupied Europe after leaving the tunnel. All three soldiers who tried to escape the actual home run (successfully fled their home base). A wooden horse gives a very precise and true tension and event. The film was shot at the actual locations of the route, where two soldiers drove on their escape. Made with a much smaller budget than a great escape, a wooden horse is more realistic than a thriller than a big escape, and will never be able to hold you from the edge of your seat to the authorities to repair your escape. <br /> <br /> The story is sharp and working rings will come true and tight enough to hold the tension until the end of the movie. The wooden horse is based on a single book, one of the refugees, Eric Williams, and it is by far the best film ever made for film. Some real races were used in the film to reproduce their presence as a prisoner at Stalag Luft III. I'll give this movie a very deserved ten.
