Something about a 40-year-old virgin and another summer comedy, the Crashers of Weddings, is similar, but they are in some ways two different films. Both are romantic comedies that have such an insurrection, a crazy sensitivity that keeps teenagers and boys in their 20s with a normal dating crowd to see movies. Both have stories of some formula. But at the end of the 40-year-old virgin, I find that I found it generally more satisfactory than Crashers. While you might think that Steve Carrell's character Andy and Catherine Keener's character Trish are not easy to understand, like Crashers, and both leading and supportive characters are realistic, more rounded than most one-dimensional or unexplained people in the other. And it may also depend on how much you identify (or just find wisdom) in both. <br /> <br /> The thing is that people can go to a 40-year-old virgin who doesn't know Steve Carrell. such as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, as Carrell has built his cult status on The Daily Show (one of my favorite shows) and in small but unforgettably robbing roles in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first major role, but it is not considered a third-speed vehicle. He and co-writer / director Judd Apatow treat Andy's character with a certain degree of sincerity that keeps the audience on his side all the time, even when he talks about his forms of action, coloring them again. It is also a difficult line to go to the landlord. It may not be more than 40 days and 40 years at night with Josh Hartnet (including sexual dysfunction). As the title suggests, Andy is 40 years old, who is like a nice boyfriend who still has a small Pee-Wee Herman (opening his credit for his apartments is a fun, good sign). <br /> So, his friends (including Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all the great comic books) are trying to develop different strategies and tips to finally break a kind of curse on Andy's head to spit on his cherry. talk. She is almost drunk with a woman, she almost starts to fuck a girl and almost with her boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny) as an (explitive) friend. But soon everyone will fade if he gets into a meaningful relationship with Trish, who is working on him across the street. Because they rely on relationships that are not based on sex at all, one can worry that "how he intends to tell him and such" can go to a comedy. This is not. In fact, if anything, Carrell and Cast build it at a very high level. Almost one and a half hours of the two hours of the film was barely a moment when I didn't laugh, be it big or small. <br /> <br /> Big laughs, but not just any formality with the plot or one or two little lost stories (co-workers also have their own relationship problems, Rudd is more fun). Big laughs come through Carrell's reactions and people around him can either equip their humor / charm or some of the truth. Keener gives a very good result and does it so that their relationship has a real spirit (and, like "Crashers", there is not so much that is not reasonable in nature). Because I like the one who loves it when a comedian can laugh at just how he looks on the face, because Carrell gets very high points here. And as with the Farrelly Brothers movie, the more terrible or outrageous scenes with total absurdity; The "waxy" scene (which was actually made real) and the kind of aquarian musical number at the end of the movie (the way it first appears is a complete, amazing surprise). But if you don't want to offend it, there's more to it from. This is a more fun movie of the year.
