The critique of EVENING, based on Susan Minot's novel and adapted to the screen of Minot and Michael Cunningham, has been harsh, so harsh that it might be a movie for many viewers. The primary criticism has focused on the fact that in this film there is very little fatal woman fretting over the mistake she made in her summer in summer, that the famous actors were given very small roles that all the production was superfluous. There was a very different reaction for the viewer who sees the movie on the DVD quietly at home. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies in her home through the ocean and her medication and memories allow her to share her husband's name - "Harris" with her two grown daughters Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson ). Since her daughters are sitting on their bed linen, Ann recovers a certain summer when she was the bride of her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) - marriage to both Ann (Claire Danes and the youthful Ann) and Lila Alcoholic Buddy (Hugh Dancy) challenged the feeling that Lila he just married a man in his class who had loved him - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of his housekeeper, who had become a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are knit together with couples and romanticists who have been kept secret for 50 years later when Ann is dying. Parents Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Annis at the end and the secrets are: "There are no such things as mistakes - life continues." The film is a delicate mood and the Minot and Cunningham script is rich in atmosphere and fine lifestyle. Yes, the story contains gaps that could have used more explanations, but such "holes" are understandable to preserve the nostalgia of the dying woman's words. Not only Redgrave, Richardson (Redgrave's true daughter), Collette, Gummer (Streep's true daughter), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson make the film, but the ensemble is short but very strong performances. The setting is excellent (Gyula Pados filmmaking) and the musical result is unimaginable by Jan A.P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia") leads this film himself ... Grady Harp
