With so many great actors in one movie, there is a practical invitation to a local film house so I responded properly. Here are some comments. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is big even lying in bed. She also looks very old and I don't think it will be achieved with a big guy that is a good thing for a movie, but it's a sad thing for cinema lovers. I think his aging has been a bit harsh in recent years. Claire Danes continues the welcome return to the movies and expresses a definite warmth. Mamie Gummer resembles her mother Merly Streep with both physical appearance and style so amazingly that I lost my movie a few minutes after the entrance. She is surprisingly good; this similarity, however, runs the risk of working for him. I agree with the previous comment: Natasha Richardson certainly had a plastic job on her face. He doesn't really see how I remember him from previous movies (like Nell). He and Toni Collette unfortunately do not make a big impression in part because they do not see the sister convincing. Their communication is weak. In addition, Toni Collette is too old for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep had to be more on the screen. Streep's performance is actually a bit more than a cam. His scenes, however, have a greater emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins offers some welcome dryness, especially in her second role as an imaginary night companion to Redgrave's character. Like men; Hugh Dancy makes the movie much more lively, even though it gives better results than necessary. In fact, as soon as he leaves the story he is going to drag. He also has the credit for being able to create the exact sense of boy's charm needed by the viewer. Patrick Wilson, however, is in the middle of the film a complete gap. He also has the misfortune that the script is inadequate to explain why three people (one of them a man) have been hit by this person so much. More should have been done as a background for this. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is as good as expected. But the main summer cottage suite couldn't convince me. It doesn't seem naturally on this rocky hill, especially with the patch of grass in front of it. Slightly too much like a cardboard. <br /> <br /> In general, the film is a stylish production, but seen-all-before, cried-it-all-before the feeling took over during most of my time, and consequently it couldn't affect me what I I waited for the tear. Nevertheless, we managed to pass the time, the expectations of life and their fulfillment. It's worth trying at least on DVD if not in the movies ...
