After seeing the trailer in the evening, you would probably think first of all about the size of the cast, (I mean, they even got Rocky Horror's own Brad, Barry Bostwick to show the world where he's still working), and the next one, how they just showed us the whole movie . Although the film is not quite true, this trailer is very well assembled and not necessarily bad. This is the story of a dying woman who remembers a long time ago when she met her life with the love she got away with. His daughters hear his memory of the people they have never heard of, and the story of what happened when he and Harris killed Buddy soon. It doesn't matter what happens, but the film doesn't touch those people and what they do, good or bad. This is a vehicle that shows that there are no mistakes in life. What may be regrettable, in fact, could be one case in your life that had to happen so that the good times that followed would happen. <br /> <br /> The story itself is obviously spoken and obviously adapted from literature. Our filmmakers decide to talk about the story by combining the current (Ann's death bed), the dreams (Ann hallucinating, combining with the present past) and the past (Ann met Harris at his best friend's wedding). There are a few times when the cuts are steep and the progress of the past is so good that the current things may be a bit long and boring, but generally it is better dealt with than the first time. It is not as if Anni's life is now uninteresting, it is just less related to the plot, it does the study. While I promise that Par's past annoyance will now alleviate Ann's child's problems, I was still too wedding to take care of as much as I should. However, there are some nice moments, such as a crash that awakens Anna's slumber to reflect later, and mysterious dreams that combine both worlds. <br /> <br /> This is what makes kickback so attractive and liquid. These performances are completely riveted to the point where our time period has become a bit angry and we have to wait to find out what follows. No matter how annoying I find that Claire Danese's angry / sad / crying face that is present in every role, the girl plays what she does. I feel more and more feelings of warming up my talents lately and it just favors thawing. Patrick Wilson is always great at what I've seen him. You have to give him the hope of choosing truly fantastic roles and never making more than one movie a year. From the angels in America until the last year's small children, the boy will soon be coming out, but hopefully he will remain in handicraft and not in cash. Heck even Mamie Gummer is good as a younger version of his real life mother Meryl Streep (who surprisingly has very little in the movie). He is still tough around the edges, but he was wonderful when he expressed the emotional instability that his character was passing through his wedding day. But true revelation is Hugh Dancy. I feel I have seen him a lot of things, but in fact it only seems to be King Arthur. Dancy literally steals any scene he has, and the way his friend's role is to destroy love / alcohol / life has been etched in his facial expressions. Without her performance, the setback could have been a somewhat forgotten category than the rest of the movie and made the whole experience much worse. <br /> <br /> While this is not entirely original in the way writers are after, the evening will bring intelligence and craft to the table. You may be injured in the length and quantity of scenes that you cut to hit everyone, but you can't claim that the actor is not worthy of keeping up. Perhaps one of the wedding film versions might have been something to see, but if all this is put together, there may be something out of it that could not be achieved without the other stitches. In both cases, the reward is worth traveling mostly and every level of reality ends with its subtle beauty and lives in front of what was ahead of it.
