Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) repeats the name "Harris" in his death chamber and reminds the day of the 50's when he was the applicant's singer and traveled from New York to his wealthy friend Lila Wittenborne (Mamie Gummer) in Newport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) is greeted by Lila's alcoholic and reckless brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy) at the Wittenborn Seafront and tells her that her sister is in fact in love with her friend and servant Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson) who fought in the war and is finished medicine. Later, the bride-to-be recognizes her true feelings from Harris to Ann. However, when Ann meets Harris, he is bursting with him and they have a short thing to do with one night's stand when a Buddy tragedy occurs. Meanwhile, Ann's daughters, insecure and unstable Nina Mars (Toni Collette), and happy wife and mother Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson) are worried about her mother and they have the differences that need to be resolved. <br /> <br /> "Evening" is one of the best female productions I've ever seen in the movie, with great performances. The likeness of the stunning Mamie Gummer with her mother, Meryl Streep, is amazing and she has a performance that respects her mother's name. Locations, costumes, set decorations, cinematography, and soundtracks are also awesome. Unfortunately, the plot is confused and I have not clearly understood the message of this film. Why is Motherhood Story So Important? Did Constance arise at Ann and Harris night and she would be her father? Why has Ann and Harris not been together when a boy really loved him, as he admits in his random meeting in New York? What Questions Ann Lord Has Resolved After Lila Ross's Visit? Was Buddy Wittenborn bisexual, or was his love for Harris brotherly? Why did Nina Mars change her thoughts about her motherhood? It seems that the script writers or the director could not, because they could not understand the beautiful love of the story and fulfill it. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Ao Entardecer" ("In the Eventide")
