The evening is a beautiful story of mother's lack of love. The movie is divided in a timely manner, is magically photographed, has worked amazingly and has a relevant script. Vanessa Redgrave plays Anne Grant Lord, a woman at sunset. She is in bed on her bed, remembering her mind and wrong, her first mistake. Claire Danes plays a young Anne, giving a young woman a dead bed with a viable vitality. Daughter Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) are trying to find out the true story of uncomfortable dementia. His first mistake revolves around Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); a man whose best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) loved. Girls must understand their mother's past and future. Cast in the evening. The collective energy of this film could have produced the whole equipment needed to produce that film. I am very pleased that Claire Danes is working again, especially in this role. She is so young and alive, fully living the joy, mistakes and heartbreak of Anne's first mistake. This is a real performance when you realize that he is playing a woman who dies in bed. If his life is astonished by him, you may feel his desire to crack and his hopeless hope that he will not. Some of his facial expressions grinded me a bit, but his entire performance was so radiant that I was left with only an auxiliary sign. Toni Collette continues to prove that you can be a powerful actor without a super model. She is playing a family of black sheep; a little lost. Nose finds a lot of force in her mother's fault. Collette gently avoids creating a cruel character who enjoys mom mistakes, instead choosing the smartest way to learn from her mother's mistakes. There are a lot of surprises between Nina and her sister Constance. Their struggles remind me of those I always have with my sister. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anne's best friend, is wonderful. His character is between his heart and society. Even when she cries and her heart breaks, she is incredibly silly and charming. I can't wait to see anything else in the future. Vanessa Redgrave's performance is very difficult for me to describe. His talent for making his mental state ambiguous, without being wacko or even tragic, is why it is so powerful. Audience does not know if he will make this story because he slips or when these events really happened. Physically and emotionally, the Redgrave speaks in the box. Fewer actresses could not have had much physical space and a limited emotional range, but she made her limitations. I was constantly surprised. The film is definitely for the woman, but the men in the movie are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson is amazing as Harris. No wonder all the people in the movie are in love with him. Buddy Wittenborn is Lila's brother who is out of control. The Hugh Dancy spiral comes out of Buddy's control without putting down his drain. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie. It reminded me of the famous scene of the Monster ball. It is a terrible and jaw-falling grief. I was completely stunned. One disappointment was Natasha Richardson. Although his fighting scenes were memorable, most of his behavior was melodrama. It would have been appropriate for her to show her bath before we had to breathe her smell. It is good that he was not responsible for the visuals. The film's visuals are sparkling wines. The film artist Gyula Pados could not make the color of the film richer, a light that was perfectly suited to mood and emotion. The visual concepts of flash back sequences are powerful and resonate. There were many scenes that could have been stopped, printed, installed and sold as art. I admit it, I cried. Evening is a powerful film. The evening is commendably chick flick but really a big chick flick. If you want to impress a movie with a woman, choose the evening.
