Since reading this book, this film has been created, I have different feelings about the result of the film. I learned some time ago to see how the book's film was adjusted before I read the book because I found that when I first read the book, I was inevitably disappointed in the film. It would certainly have been true here, while in the case of reconciliation, which is probably the best adaptation of a book that has become a vision, it would probably not be important. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to figure out what the reason is, and I suspect I have to direct my finger to Michael Cunningham. Much if I respect him for Hours (which I have not read, but what I saw and was intimidated), I cannot escape the feeling that he did not adapt Susan Minton's book as much as he took some characters and the main premise to write his movie out . <br /> <br /> It's not that I don't like the movie. I really love the movie, so since I started reading the novel, I feel the whole thing after being disturbed. I feel dissatisfied with Mrs Minton to enjoy a movie that had so thoroughly left her work. Reading this, I understand why he had such a struggle with its adaptation. Unlike one movie reviewer, there is not so much that some novels do not deserve a movie; it's more like some books just can't make the transition. Mrs Minton's novel works on both a personal and an intimate level, so it is intrinsically so intrinsic that it seems to me that I cannot put it into the physical field. Although much of the book is a memory of actual events, it is memory and so fragmented and ethereal that I feel it is not filmed. I think Mrs Minton's work is a true literary work, but cannot go to a film that does not harm its value in any way. <br /> <br /> I can't yet say that the evening, the movie, doesn't represent the evening, the novel, more than the superficial way, because I'm only halfway through, but the original should make a huge leap that resembles the next with the film. I think I am writing this because I feel that if you intend to adapt the novel, adjust it, but do nothing else that it is not. I'm not sure if Michael Cunningham has done something completely original, but what I see so far is based on everything he has done to someone else's work. We would not have had the hours when Virginia Woolf would have written Mrs Dalloway, and we would not have the evening in the form of difficulties if Susan Minton had not had so much trouble that what should not have been tried. But it is too much to say that it would be better if Mrs Minton had left alone enough, because the evening, the film, is a satisfying and beautiful job. <br /> <br /> The feelings, the feeling of insecurity and the final conclusion that in this case the novel cannot be a film and vice versa, and my final thanks to both writers for what they did, so we have both work as they are.
