This is a complex film that examines the impact of industrialist capitalist production by Fordists and Taylorists on human relationships. Constantly referring to the production of a conveyor belt, where workers are treated as machine wheels operated by drivers using cutting discs, checking how many hair workers leave, and shooting workers (Stanley) who meet all the criteria (as his supervisor says are always on time, hard workers, do a good job), but who may be wrong in some unspecified future. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley must, after losing his job, send his father to a nursing home (where he dies quickly). Iris's daughter is one teenage mother who goes out of high school to work. Reference is made to the fact that now that wages are falling, both partners need to work, which means that there is no one at home to take care of the child. Iris' husband is sick of death, and in the film, with reference to the cost of medical care, the viewer needs to think about whether he could have lived with better and more costly care. Iris's brother abuses the unemployment office after another unsuccessful day when her husband screams to her to buy beer with her savings, instead of letting her to lift her face and / or work on her teeth (even a working class with no contribution to the usual concepts of civic perfection and beauty). One reference to race in the film is through a black factory line worker whose husband is in prison (probably he is black and black men suffer disproportionately high imprisonment). He points out that he, like him, "makes time" - his family consists of a prisoner and a slave of wages. <br /> <br /> Stanley, however, believes in human relationships and is therefore the majority of the film outside the system of Fordist capitalism. He cares for his father, despite the fact that his father travels to a salesman, resulting in his illiteracy - he has not yet reduced human relations to a purely instrumental agreement, such as the brother of Iris (indicating that he is "married"). He is not, as Iris says, in line with all other work-eating-routines, but rather uses technology and industrial production techniques in a craft and creative manner, a kind of Bauhaus ideal, a dream of early modernists and socialists of the 1920s ( eg Bauhaus) - use technology to satisfy all basic needs, allowing more free time for creative human activities and a more complete human relationship. He is outside of traditional gender relations. He bakes, cleans, cares for his family and knows how to iron. is a factory worker who is a source of income for his (extended) family, and he brings Stanley to the national sphere, traditionally to women, teaching him to read and write, gives him access to the world of knowledge, as well as to a traditionally gendered man. is used as a metaphor for literacy (traditionally for masculine) to the public and systems. circulation (financial, vehicle, cultural) that allow participation in the public sector. Without this access, Stanley is feminine - making and cleaning jobs open to her. He is excluded from all the usual circuits that cannot participate in the money (cannot open a bank account), in a vehicle (cannot get a driver's license, cannot drive by bus) and in social (he asks if he exists if he cannot write his name). <br /> <br /> After reading the book, he grabs books for car repair, agriculture and spirituality (Bible). Therefore, the Word of God is relativized, placed on the same level of value as books. In fact, organized religion is usually only very uncommon - the Bible also appears in a cloth chamber like the camera pans to find Stanley and Iris. Meanwhile, the moral force - Iris, a sign clearly dedicated to living a "good" life, mentions at the beginning of the film that his rose garden was lost in objects in his wallet. <br /> <br /> When he is able to read, he enters the system and takes the lead at the health plan, car and house, taking his place as family leader, feeder. He is probably an industrial designer dreaming of products that require others to bear the misery of the assembly line. This end, probably the only bit of the usual Hollywood movie, is so inconsistent that everything that has come before that at least I don't know if it was forced by some Studio execs to worry about the lack of a feeling-good end and its potential effect on the bottom line. <br /> <br /> Now that we've been pushing for post-industrial capitalism, the film has a bit of a nostalgic feeling as if we needed a historical distance to really analyze what happened during that time. Nevertheless, it is highly recommended - at least when you want to use your brain. Leave the end, and it's close to the perfect 10.
