I love all the dogs go to heaven, though I'm a man. This and the land ahead of time are the best animated films that Don Bluth has done! In his film Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds), his friendly Itchy (Dom DeLuise) freedom from nail in New Orleans is helpful in 1939. Charlie, a casino company, wants to share Carface (Vic Tayback) with his partner. Carface, who doesn't want to share Charlie's equality, pushes the car on the bridge over Charlie, killing her! Charlie enters heaven and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore), who shows to Charle that her time has ended, showing her a clock that has stopped, and explains that all dogs are going to heaven because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie hides behind the stopwatch and turns it back on and returns to Earth when Annabelle screams You can never come back! Charlie revives Itchy and they will soon go and study that Carface has not attempted to kill Charlie, but he has also kidnapped the little orphan Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface leaves Charlie and Itchy is assisted by Ann Marie. The next day, Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie are looking for money! Ann Marie sees a couple she thinks makes her great parents! While Ann Marie is talking to a couple, Charlie goes behind the men and steals her wallet! Then Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy will go to a horse race where they will bet on a man's money that the horse will win! The horse they said won the victory and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie pay $ 1,000 for the bet! Charlie promises Ann Marie to use money to give the poor, but she buys a new casino and gambling and buys a seal for her friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppies. Soon, Ann Marie has found that Charlie had stolen the wallet and used her money for horse racing and everything! Charlie grieves that the dream goes to hell and the devil! Soon Charlie wakes up and finds that Ann Marie is gone! He has left the wallet back to the couple who will forgive him for the wallet and invite him to the breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to leave with her and she pretends to be sick, but the mice are trying to eat them for King Gator, but they can escape! Soon, Carface will show up and hit Ann Marie. He plans to sink him, but Charlie can save him and invite King Gator, who eats Carface. Charlie's time is over and she has to die again. Itching with the help of other dogs finds that a couple who took Ann Marie and sent them to where Ann Marie is. They have time to save Ann Marie, but it's too late to save Charlie, who's over! Charlie, who has been given her heroic endeavor to rescue Ann Marie, is welcomed into heaven, but before she enters, she says to Ann Marie that the couple has accepted and asks her to take care of her itching. She says yes and tells Charley she loves her and good! Charlie goes back to heaven because all the dogs go to heaven! Perfect wonderful animation, characters and story Don Bluth has once again proved us to be a good animator! It's too bad this movie was released in the same year for Little Mermaid, which is my favorite Disney movie! They both came out in 1989, a year before the birth! I think I must both call them the best animated feature of 1989! 10 out of 10!
