First of all, "St. Ives" film is only quite loose with the same name as the story of Robert Louis Stevenson, but once it is not criticism. The original novel was unfinished, unfinished by the author, and freely adapted and finished by the filmmakers, who, though different from Stevenson's originals, I am sure I am fascinated and amused by it. <br /> <br /> On 1813: Capitaine Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat who has become orphaned by the guillotine revolution that now serves Napoleon army hussarina.We meet him tonight, arguing that because a hussar who is not dead at the 30th is "blackguard", he is "borrowed" at the age of 34, certainly when he faces two challenges, our scary hero seems to be threatened, but his colonial thirst for a colonel gives him a way out of the duel and a beautiful courthouse / singer bed. You're being imprisoned and sent to a POW camp in the Scottish Castle. <br /> <br /> Carrying toys and boxes at Jacques, Flora, Miss Susan Gilchrist's young brother, who has been a well-traveled woman living in Swanston Cottage, is looking for attention. They fall in love and most of the story touches Florat, helping Jacques escape and finding an emigrant grandfather, old Comte. Of course there is a problem. Jacques's older brother, Alain, a dissociable alcoholic, is - perhaps understandably - far from being satisfied with his grandfather disinfecting him in front of the household as soon as Jacques has appeared ... Cue betrayal! It is also a fun sub-block of romantic uncomfortable, naïve but heartfelt Major Farquhar Chevening and aunt Susan, who has passed most of the Ottoman Empire and has been a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even allowing natural bias for every movie where heroes share my surname, "St. Ives is magic! It combines great swampbuckling swordfights, balloon flight, comedy and romantic adventure. I recommend it to anyone who loves "The kind of movie they're no longer doing" - Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, & co. The action is great. is my big favorites and I have a lot of fun with Susan and Farquhar, whose relationship works as a comic book with leaders. Jason Isaacs shows that Alain, a dirty, schematic, but ultimately tragic, as he did recently on The Patriot, has a classic a ridiculous style, after a good looking look! Please, does anyone put him in a genre * hero * !!! <br /> <br /> The book includes a church where Jacques is a prisoner, clearly Edinburgh, but the film filmed in Ireland, Germany and France is a "Highlandised" setting, undoubtedly contradicting the preservation of place names such as Swanston, Invereski and Queensferry. Costumes are also a real hotch-potch, from 1780 until it is set. Although it would not be incredible to "make" characters with more market characters, it seems strange that ladies, like heroes of good deeds, wear 1780s gowns in 1880. is visually much more attractive and elegant than the Regency, and they work in the ideal world of the film. As a whole, Ives is 90 minutes of pure joy.
