Like his older brothers Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began cutting his teeth in French cinema with many fine thrillers: "la Menace" (1977) and Série Noire (1979). "Police Python 357" is a good example of how Corneau prepared and shot his work during his career. They had excellent cinematography, careful scenarios and experienced management for efficiency. <br /> <br /> Police Chief Ferrot (Yves Montand) is a police officer with unusual techniques who usually works alone. She introduces a young woman, Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli), and becomes her lover, ignoring the fact that she has another lover: her boss Ganay (François Périer). When the latter learns, he kills anger in a suitable way. Ferro must investigate the murder and all the hints are unmistakably against him ... <br /> <br /> It may be thought that such a far-flung story is not free from errors and sometimes it can be seen, but the style of the Corneau football register helps to create an amazing and dark atmosphere . The first part of the movie before the evening of the murder may seem uninteresting, and yet it is important that this key momentum be followed. Corneau remains on modest treatment with quite rare moments and short appearances by secondary, small characters that the viewer sees again during his exploration. Despite the shortcomings, Corneau and his screenwriter Daniel Boulanger gave a story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière), who sometimes expresses his surprise, because Ferro is relatively low during the investigation. But his boss knows he's usually working alone. In fact, Ferro has to find solid tricks to release mud waters and so on. Finally, the main idea of ​​the film is Ferrot himself. He is a policeman who loses his identity a bit and finds himself in the heart of dreadful depersonalisation. This epitomizes the moment he throws himself on the face with acid, so that the witnesses do not recognize him when he faces them. <br /> <br /> The background of this thriller, Orléans, is an effectively enhanced Corneau camera and inspires this scary thriller with its harmful charm.
