Knowing what to expect (as a whole) from Denzel Washington's performance - quality, integrity, gravity, funny humor - prepares you for what to expect from her director's debut. Like Robert De Niro's A Bronx Tale, Antwone Fisher offers a young man's life-moving drama and key effects in his life. Like A Bronx Tale, De Niro played the leading character of one of these key figures (himself was born to play but was too old). it seems like he should be playing in Washington 20 years ago. Be grateful that Washington is too old to play Antwone, because if he had, we would first have taken away a perfectly measured and intelligently nuanced presentation that he gives as a naval advisor. More importantly, however, we cannot see the magnificent, we can only count on the stars, turn to Derek Luke as the title. Inevitably, the character comes in the form of Washington, but I have the impression that it is not just because Washington was leading it, not that Luke tried to copy it, but that Luke is really powerful and thought it would make Washington an actor . Winning the Washington Academic Award for too long for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In A Blue Dress, and The Hurricane, we hope that Luke will not have to wait so long. Joy Bryant was also a big part of Fisher's girlfriend Cheryl. Although some could have been forgotten support or the usual "girlfriend" role, Bryant lives in it. The offer and the intelligent role outweigh the stereotyping with Bryant who lives it, and he makes this part important and interesting. It also does not detract from the fact that Bryant is probably the most attractive woman you see this year in celluloid - a smile can melt the cold heart. Functional ability and appearance - why this woman is not done at all. Good Support in a Small Role in Salli Richardson Washington's Spouse Berta. More than silent or looking like many Hollywood actors can manage the entire movie, it informs the audience about the whole story long before any exposure takes place. As I said, Washington's leadership is the guiding principle of its behavior. Having a story about the human being, some viewers have heard and making it really interesting is a challenging task Washington is catching with a bomb. The film is not rushed or present, but it never feels slow or dull. It is measured and nuanced, perfectly balancing humor and drama. Antwone Fisher may not kick you if you like big, explosive, meaningless Hollywood movies, but for those who appreciate the finely designed character, with great performances and in a constantly well-directed direction, it's for you.
