Unlike other commentators who have the ability to overcome this competition, on the contrary, I think this powerful film offers a complex and profound story about institutional racism and its effects. Washington directs Fisher's story with a cautious hand and critical eye, giving up this cinematic endeavor, not the breakdown of women's bodies, the persistence of enduring stereotypes, and the expectations of a white glance. I think this movie may eventually be a bit too happy; But it is deeply rooted in African-American culture and discourse, so some white spectators may feel that they are watching the life of this African-American-Antwone Fisher. I have problems with the naval aspect of the film, but when we look at America, black men do not have many opportunities or opportunities that are / were in Fisher's situation or similar situations. Viewers can go to this movie that is waiting for a "black movie: what is" black film? "?" I think the Washington President admitted that African-Americans and other colorful people are dealing with people's problems, such as abuse and displaced aggression, to name them a little. Whether hunting and other white films, it is high time that they were given the same recognition and validity as their white counterparts in and out of the media. and Derek Luke will probably have to wait another ten years before they get an Oscar or something, and both have to wait until they direct or celebrate a movie that preserves traditional racist and sexist stereotypes to become an Oscar. say, Denzel earned awards for "Malcolm X", "Hurricane" and others before that jive "Training Day" Oscar. This does not mean the cancellation or exclusion of other great actors and painters who are denied their brilliant work. But Hollywood sends rather a message that racism and sexism and heterosexuality are acceptable, retaining and even rewarding these stereotypes as they appear in countless films such as "American Beauty", "Midnight Good and Evil Garden", American Pie, "and Even" Wind went on. "<br /> <br /> Derek Luke is a gentle actor and I want him to be the best. All the other actors and actors gave up great things with my hands, even though I ask one more straight hair, light skin with Denzel's choice. however, it may not be for everyone
