This film, based on a real story, comes first from director and long acting actor Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington has given us some of the best performances of the last decade as a black soldier in the Civil War in Glory and a lawyer recognized in Philadelphia. And, of course, he made a special last year when he won the Academic Award for the best day as an actor on the training day, where Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive the Best Actress Award. I think Denzel wanted to change the speed so he decided to direct Antwone Fisher, where he also marks. Fisher plays Derek Luke, who is on the new silver screen, but has made some guest performances on TV shows such as Queen Queens and appears on the upcoming release of Biker Boyz. <br /> <br /> This is really a well-made movie from Denzel Washington, considering that it was his first time in control. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt no commitment and believed in Antwone Fisher's real life story. Antwone Fisher is about one young African-American man in the navy, who is constantly struggling and, after a definite strike, is sent to a naval psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone deal with his difficulties with the past and learn to move forward with his life, finding his childbirth that was supposed to give him up after birth because he was in prison. What makes this movie good is that it is not too melodramatic. I had been expecting something a bit more like goodwill, with a great deal of swearing, fighting and vulgarism. Not that I didn't like Good Will Hunting or movie swearing, fighting and vulgar. On the contrary! But Antwone Fisher is a real story and I don't think Washington wanted to sensationalize the dramatic influence of the film. Don't do me wrong, there are moments when we see Antwone fighting, continuing and holding moments when the world seems to close her. After all, Devenport asked her psychiatrist at her first session that Devenport was asking Fisher where she was born, and Fisher's response was "under the stone" an obvious hassle with the pressures on Antwone Fisher's soul. But I had to evaluate the fact that this film was not dramatic. I think it shows the true character of Denzel Washington in order to offer a more realistic story and avoid the typical clichés that are common in Hollywood films, even those based on real stories. Another point I would like to bring about Antwone Fisher is the actor. First, the productions were good in the film, but not big. Sometimes I think it was a bit clear that the main characters were actors, but in general it would be ridiculous to complain about the performances of this film. One of the actors I would like to lead in this film is Viola Davis. He plays the mother of Antwone, but he hardly says two sentences in the movie, but not so much because he appears at the end of the movie, but more because he shocked him that his long-lost son, Antwone, had found him. What I would like to say about her as an actor in the absence of her use. He's basically a character's actor, and I haven't seen him in any really complicated role. He made performances in traffic, in sight, in Kate & Leopold and the last two films: far from heaven and Solaris. In the Solaris remake of Steven Soderberg, he played a scientist on a planet-killed spacecraft. In this film, he faces George Clooney's character, and he pulled the tears that Clooney talks about in a particular scene. When I first saw Solaris, I remember seeing her tear off and thinking that she could act. It would be the way you felt the character's grief. In this short face, his face, he gave so much expression, and I honestly felt that his character was in the sadness and trouble of the film. I think he has a definite potential as an actor and should be used more often in leadership roles than just acting as an actor. However, Antwone Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, as always, pulls out great performance and gives us a great director's debut. Derek Luke is also a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring its tremendous critical fame to portraying its worrying person, but I think its public popularity will increase with the release of Biker Boyz, which also marks Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is based on Antwone Quenton Fisher's "Finding Fish: a Memorial". ***
