"And the time came when the threat of stubborn stiffness was more painful than the risk it flourished" - Anais Nin Marcel Proust says: "The real adventure is not seeing new landscapes but new eyes." The US Navy stepped in to see new landscapes. to the author and scriptwriter Antwone Fisher, but his past demons prevented him from seeing new eyes through the world. Based on his autobiography "Finding Fish", written several years after the events, his story is dramatic in Antwone Fisher, Denzel Washington's first directing. It is a cordial, if somewhat formal, look at the painful process that moves from past consumption to the present-day life. <br /> <br /> It is required to attend therapeutic sessions after several anger outbreaks, painful aspects of his childhood have shown a setback as grown Antwone (Derek Luke) reads his life sessions with Navy psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). He doesn't want to talk first, but when he starts, the flood plaques will open. After his father had died and his mother gave up Antwone after being released from prison, she was placed in a nursing home where she lived for 14 years, suffering from humiliation and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, the treatment of her mother, Mrs Tate (Novella Nelson), who called her "niggle" and her relative Nadine (Yolonda Ross) was actually much worse than what was shown on the screen. <br /> <br /> The only friend he has is a local named Jesse (Jascha Washington), who later in the movie only adds his own feelings of rejection. It is difficult to build up psychiatric sessions, but it has been successful with ordinary people and goodwill hunting with very dramatic interest, but it succeeds here because of Washington and Luke's dominant performances, although the film's attempt to concentrate each other for a couple of months seems too little. Davenport's humanity and warmth allow Fisher to feel safe enough to discuss his difficult past and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend, who is also in the navy, to support him in the breakthrough. <br /> <br /> With Cheryl's help and Dr. Davenport's advice, Antwone is developing enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and start a journey to try to find her mother to complete the past. The incredible performance of Derek Luke is accompanied by the longing for Antwone's consent, which is dramatized by the heartbreaking dream seen at the beginning of the film, where he is a guest of honor at a festive dinner full of people who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said that "people just have to remember what we are all here to find their way home ..." Antwone Fisher not only touches one young person's longing to find his home, but reaches out to everyone who has called himself to sleep , the joy of unknown love.
