Steve Gordon wrote and directed. Duration: 97 minutes. Classified PG. It was the decade's main comedy. It won the Sir John Gielgud Academy Award. It was even VH1 "I Love the 80's". And it seems as good today as it was when it was first released. Arthur is a recognized comedy classic drunken millionaire (playing with Dudley Moore's enthusiasm and skill in performing) who must choose his beloved wife and the life he's used to. Although the main piece is one big cliché, there is nothing like a combined review of dialogue and a fun farce. Arthur Bach is essentially nothing but pretense, but you can't help him. Especially when he gives such features as: "Don't you want you to be me? I know I'm doing!" He is also the demarcation of the archetypal hero: unlike most of the richer characters we see on the silver screen, he is not ashamed of being dirty. In one scene, the man asks him, "What's the feeling that we have all this money?" Moore lends such charisma and charm to a character that his audience would not otherwise have met. And Gielgud is just perfect as an arrogant servant, turning to his lord with extreme torture, even though his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those films that doesn't try to be brilliant or extraordinary: it's just natural. The scenario, which was also nodded at the Academy, is saturated with authentic ridiculous dialogue. This is a movie that, with some of your poker friends, you quote for one another indefinitely. His symbols are also looked at with sincere empathy. There have been a number of comedies that are trying to get into the drama, including the death of a major star or illness (including both Grumpy Old Men's), but few can ignore it because we just don't care. If this film makes a dubious decision to hit the shooter, it really works because we really love these people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: for it is all-inclusive, innocent pleasure. Arthur reminds us of what seems to be going to movies and just spending time in the period when films become more serious. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
