I remember trying a few minutes from this movie, I'm very surprised that I did not look at it all, directed by Steve Gordon, his only film directed before the death of heart failure. Basically, Arthur Bach (Golden Globe won and Oscar named Dudley Moore) a happy drunk millionaire with everything he could wish for, mansion, Mr. Hobson (Oscar and Golden Globe won, and BAFTA nominated for Sir John Gielgud) and plenty of flowering. He must earn $ 750,000,000 when he marries the daughter of millionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), his wife and family, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur finds that he falls into the Queens reporter Linda Marolla (named Liza Minnell as Golden Globe), which of course threatens the legacy and 3/4 of his family's happiness from Father Stanford (Thomas Barbour) and Aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). After Hobson's death, Arthur will not accept family wishes on the wedding day, but Martha's aunt will still give Arthur the legacy of love with Linda. Ted Ross is starring Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland's Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Mrs Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery Harriet - Martha Maid, John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Party Guest. Moore is a wonderfully funny and a bit tricky as almost always a drunken millionaire, Minnelli is pleasing as a woman she loves, and Gielgud of course makes an impressive Oscar victory as Moore's humorous humble sarcastic servant, a terrible screw comedy. It won the "Arthur theme (the best you can do)" for the best song Oscar (it also won the Golden Globe) (it was number 79 100 years, 100 songs) and it was set for the best writing, the manuscript written directly on the screen was awarded to Burt Bthar Bacharachi BAFTA Anthony Asquith, who won the Golden Globe for Best Movement - Comedy / Music. Sir John Gielgud was number 50 among the largest British actors and the film was number 100 for 100 years, 100 laughs. Very good!
