In 1928, there are many ways in "lost year" films. Just like some of the best films in the quiet era in every genre, sound came in and - although he enjoyed great profits at the box office - set the art of filmmaking for about five years when the film industry plagued with new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the greatest silent comedies of the era. The film shows that William Haines had comics that surpassed his usual unpleasant overall man's formula, turning everything against him, learning his lesson, and then redeeming himself through a football game, a polo game, etc. illustrates that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. He had a great comic instinct and timing. This film begins with the adventure of Beverly Hillbillies-type Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and his father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, which is fresh from the old south. General Pepper has decided that he will give some lucky film studio director his daughter as an actor. Peppers Billy Boone (William Haines) joined the studio commissioner. She becomes a Peggy actor. She's unhappy when she finds it slippery, but she's bored. Finally, he discovers a big studio and he and Billy's part when he starts to play dramatic roles. Soon the new fame will be found on his head, and he will lose his publicity and will receive a royal title if he decides to marry his new leader, whom he does not really love when destiny intervenes. > <br /> One of the things MGM often does in its late quiet era films and its early-sounding films is feature films about how movies were made in the 1930s MGM. we get Charlie Chaplin, who is trying to get the Peggy autograph, the abundance of MGM players of that era, including King Vidor himself, and even Marion Davies like Peggy, Marion Davies as Marion Davies, who comes to the party. Peggy grimaces and mentions that he doesn't care about him. Really joy from beginning to end, it's quiet, which is definitely worthy of you. This is one of the films I recommend you use to introduce the silent cinema as it is very accessible.
