This 1981 comedy still gives thanks to the joint efforts of the writer / director Steve Gordon and Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon died only after his forties, shortly after, his only feature film. This is a particularly unfortunate loss, as he really shows up on the character's farce, which makes the whole movie irresistible. It plays almost like a 1930s-style screwball comedy that has been refreshed to the present day. At the center of the plot is Arthur Bach, a drunken, a little millionaire playboy, who is in danger of losing his $ 750 million legacy if he doesn't marry her husband and bored Susan Johnson, who is the heir of the old money father and dotty grandmother. Of course, he does not love him and accidentally runs Linda Marollas, who is a working class waitress (and of course an ambitious actor) after he drives his father Bergdorf Goodman's tie. <br /> <br /> Next to standard complications, but most sharply with Moore's refillable alcohol. The fact that he does such a corrupted character is a unique credit not only for his comic talents, but also for Gielgud's hostile, acidic turn, such as Hobson, Arthur's dedicated but realistic lie. This is the kind of role he can play in his dream, but Gielgud makes Hobson such a truly memorable character that his fate in the film brings a welcome heartache to the proceedings. Probably his most enjoyable film role is Liza Minnell's picture of her male characters, dazzling her usual dazzling blinding personality and making Linda's motivation quite authentic. <br /> <br /> Pre-LA Law "Jill Eikenberry plays Susan in just the right passive-aggressive note, while Barney Martin (Jerry's father" Seinfeldis ") steals all his scenes, like Linda's male Ralph. actor Geraldine Fitzgerald, who overflows grandmother's eccentricity, and I have to admit that I still can't adhere to a very timed, overrun song by Christopher Cros, which inevitably won the Oscar for this year's best song. which definitely needs reprocessing, no added value except some photos and production notes.
