I had seen Marion Davies in a few movies and really didn't understand his complaint. She couldn't dance for peanuts, she didn't try to sing, and she seemed like a trance as her actor. But I didn't see his quiet comedies and this movie is wonderful. Instead of joking about his image, as suggested here, it seems to me that for Gloria Swanson, who started herself in the comedies, satire, she went to very emotional images of women and finally got married to the count. Marion also made a funny rabbit imitation when she wanted to be great, it was on Gloria Swanson's site !!! <br /> <br /> Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) has traveled all the time to Hollywood in Hollywood to prove that his daughter Peggy (Marion Davies) is the biggest star ever. Their hope is diminishing and they will stay in their last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines) who works in slapstick studio apartments and lets Peggy work. Peggy thinks he's a big dramatic actor, but the studio thinks he's a fantastic comic. They persuade her to make a movie and she's very successful in the preview. Charlie Chaplin asks her for an autograph, but she doesn't know her and treats her pretty rut. "Who was this short little boy" - when he discovers he's faints !!! Peggy and Billy are calling from High Art Studio, but only Peggy has wanted and maybe he's on the road. It's a funny scene where she sees a star she doesn't think is Marion Davies !!! He finally gets a chance to be a dramatic actor - but he can't cry! !! It's a fun scene because the director is trying everything to cry for her and if she succeeds she can't stop !!! His new leading man, Andre (Paul Rally), convinces him to forget his comedy from the past and become an elite and complicated - he even takes a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! He also seems to have forgotten Billy and his father - he has developed a "STAR" personality !!! When a slapstick studio chooses the same location as the Patricia movie, Billy is glad to see her, but she is quite unprepared for her snobby attitude. If he calls him a cheap clown, he understands that he is not the girl he once knew. <br /> <br /> After a studio lunch (a great panning picture of some of the biggest stars of the day), Patricia gets a call from Boss. His films seem to be on the flop and no theater wants to book them - the public is tired of their exhortation and wants the old Peggy back. He and Andre decide to marry, he dreams that he is a countess (although Billy says that Andre served him spaghetti in the downtown cafe and is no longer counted as he is). Billy visits her wedding day and, after a fun non-pudding fight, she understands that Billy is one for her. <br /> <br /> It was amazing to see all the guests stars - John Gilbert is reviewed by MGM gates, Lew Cody talks to Elinor Glynn who not only wrote "It", but also several romantic novels made for MGM films. William Haines, another actor whose films I always wanted to see, was great - especially in the cafe scene he had a wonderful comic timing. Harry Gribbon was fun as a comedy director - there were so many funny scenes in this movie and Marion was on the front of all of them - I'll give it 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Very, very Recommended.
