I was delighted to see "Big Bad Swim" at the 2006 New London Film Festival last week. The festival highlights last year's best independent and non-mainstream films. It was my assumption that "The Big Bad Swim" was chosen to screen this festival for the simple reason that it was shot in and around East Connecticut. At the same time, when the credit started to roll, I was wondering how well "The Big Bad Swim" appeared in comparison to the other festivals. From afar it was on my list, followed by "The Puffy Chair", "Who Killed Electric Car" and "Transamerica". <br /> <br /> "The Big Bad Swim" is an appealing, true and often humorous look to several adult education class students and their pleasant but worrying instructor who has a depth that I have never seen on the screen for some time. The development of the surrounding character and the lines that are derived from something as absurd as adult swimming lessons work in a fine and loving form that I found refreshing. The plot will not turn you in the head; Rather, it builds and grows organically at the speed that was on the ground. I was never bored. I've never cracked. I didn't go off the screen. <br /> <br /> The humor of the movie is something like "Napoleon's Dynamite" meets "Old School". The acting of a relatively unknown group of actors was plausible and their dialogue never seemed uncomfortable or viable. Obviously, there are no millions of productions that were not all amazing and clear on the camera, but well-budgeted and well done. The lighting and filming methods of the films set in the club club were particularly prominent, as a more realistic approach was a more thematic scene that took place in "Closer". I also found shots that were filmed below the underwater class waistband, it seemed as much as a portrait portrait when the shoulder shot might have been. <br /> <br /> I am sure that this is said by many in the independent film industry, but I have to say that if "Big Bad Swim" is in no way widespread, I would be very disappointed. "Big Bad Swim" must be seen. If you have the chance to see this movie, look! It is impossible to disappoint!
