Sunday, July 16, at 20:00 Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "Southern Colonel is your make-up very Indiana" <br /> <br /> Hollywood's dirty July has been able over the years to marion More than a mud towards Davies. It is often speculated that he had made him famous and he didn't want to. Given the mawkish drama he was so often rejected, this criticism seems to have some validity. However, his meaning was very bright. To the left to continue his career with a light comedy and slapstick, he could have competed with Mabel Normand. One of his best exits was King Vidor's exhibition of people (1928), who live and are so well-known, because MGM filled it with a star. This lucky coincidence unintentionally rescued the best of two stars, Davies and its notorious Joe College, William Haines. The rumor is this Show People were loosely about Gloria Swanson's life, who started in Sennett's comedies and got up on a big drama (And don't think she'd remembered the rest of her life!) Von Stroheim, Walsh and DeM. Randomly, the comedy studios used in this film are original. Keystone had given up a year ago (think who worked there!). <br /> <br /> Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) directs his daughter Peggyi (Davies) from Georgia to Hollywood to film. These two countries are unsuspecting feeds that can't be repaired for Billy Boone (Haines) ,? who puts his café on the table with a challengingly funny entrance (look at the noodles a bit) and then help Peggy to relieve his part of the next picture. What he thinks is a big drama, it turns out to be a screw, but work is work and Billy convinces him. "All the stars have to take it to the jaw?". In preview, Billy and Peggy hit in ... Charlie Chaplin, who asks for his autograph! He pushes a little man aside and scared Billy grabs the book and makes his mark. Chaplin climbs in his car and Billy talks to Peggy, who is just nervous, so of course he scares. It's so funny, given that Davies' character shouldn't recognize this man! Peggy will soon be working with high-end studios, changing his name to "Patricia Pepoire" and leaving poor Billy behind. Davies makes a great actress a real actress, where all the prerequisites are lips and lips. Vidor throws stars at the luncheon for a long watch (and they all sit on the shoulders, looking at the camera!), Which includes Polly Moran (who is also sensationally funny while playing Davies' maid), Louella Parsons (one of the friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, Karl Dane's comedy duo (with a hand strap) and George K. Arthur (pretending he steals silver), Leatrice Joy (Arthur antics amused), Renee Adoree, Rod (eating and smoking) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (bathrobe) Gilbert (who also appears on the MGM gate while driving), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge (looking for a usual blunt and aside) and Patricia's dress like Marie Antoinette between Douglas Fairbanks (as she does a fun trick) ) and William S. Hart (defending him from Doug). Billy runs with a high artist team on the ground when the comedy troupe interrupts their filming, predictably with nut results. Vidor even works as Peggy's current production manager in the final scene. It is also worth noting that Harry Gribbon, as a comedy director, is making a great cartoon about Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy as a dramatic director who can't cry Peggy for testing his screen and then can't stop him when he does it, and Paul Rally like Andre, his dramatic love of interest and fun fake. If his character tries to "act" as if Davies were funny in all the terrible dramas he would be forced to force, and he would do it perfectly. <br /> <br /> Although this is a true Show People, it is a "good day" for ten years, still a very entertaining example of MGM, Irving Thalberg's high-quality work and their enormous accumulated talent. What a shame is so much lost. There are also too many examples of great films such as The Patsy (1928), Vidor and Davies, a very successful comedy that started at the beginning of the same year, and remained in the vaults when seen and enjoyed.
