In recent months I have collected Voyager 4th-7th on DVD. For a year (before that I only had 1 to 3, because Who is my favorite character) and I just came to the end. I saw them when they were originally shown here on television in the UK but forgot most of it. Am I satisfied with this end? I think I'm. Of course, if I was a fan of it, I would have liked to see more of what happened to the characters when they arrived home, but that has remained our imagination. In many ways, "Endgame" is similar to Next Geni "All Good Things ??" Engaging the team in the future, but mainly the captain. The new romance, starting with the finals (Troi and Worf, Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), will result in death in the future. I really loved "Endgame", which is fair to all characters, Neelix appears, although he left two episodes earlier. B'ananna gives birth to her daughter's loving husband, Tom. Tuvok is sick, but returning home means he can be treated. Harry has always been the most alarming and decisive, but admits that the trip is important. The doctor, in the future, is well respected by everyone and finally chooses Joe! But, of course, the captain plays the biggest role in meeting his future self, who wants to live in the crew earlier to avoid accidents. Borg is involved because they have played a major role in this Voyager period. Alice Krige plays the Queen of Borg again fantastically, her method of voice and acting is great. However, I'm sorry for Susanna Thompson, the Queen of TV Borg replaced Queen Queen. Maybe he was not available. The special effects are fantastic, the Borgi Space Node and the Borg Queen are breaking up! It's very tense. Especially when they come out of the Borg subdivision corridor and say their location is right, where they thought they would be after they said they had to go to the corridor leading back to the delta quadrant. And what a great idea to protect the Borg sphere, the special features of DVDs say it was like a Trojan horse. Voyager could have continued. If it were more popular, they would have stuck with their original idea that the crew understood that the ship was their home, like Harry's speech, and what Tom said because his wife and child were there. And then they could have got the movie home. <br /> <br /> In general, Voyager had a bit of a hit and longing. The sixth season seemed to be one good, followed by one less than good. The two episodes in the Holographic Irish Village are terrible! My understanding of the seven of the nine was that he took over, everything turned around around him, which was not true. When he first appeared, he focused on season 4 for too many episodes, but after that. And his character is sometimes brilliant, 20 years as the drone of Borgi gradually rediscovering his humanity. I like her, especially "Someone who looks over me", "imperfection" and "human error". When Naomi Wildman initially scared him, he was often his friend, cute. Chakotay got my least favorite character. There was chemistry with Janeway (do they / they don't do that?) And you never think he was the first officer, he has completely rejected most of the time. I loved seeing the relationship between Tom and B'elanna succeed. I always liked Neelix very much. Tuvok was good from time to time, especially when he lost his logic, got emotions, and had friends with Neelix. Harry was annoying from time to time, but at other times it was good. The doctor is probably my favorite, seeing how far he arrives and the comedy he creates ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is fantastic!). Janeway is my favorite captain and you can say that Kate Mulgrew really enjoys it. I wish there would be more, I love Voyager!
