So, every year there is at least one movie that has no chance of success for post offices, because from the moment of production, even before one simple shot is filmed, everyone will choose this movie ... a long list of these films and finally some of them are very bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their own disadvantages, but are quite enjoyable (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)), and then there are some that really are great for them, but nobody admits it! I mean, my gosh, just because a large crowd needs to be victimized every year, but not everyone has to be with them. So yes, maybe these movies aren't perfect, but how many movies? Not every movie should be a new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone knows these movies, but I bet there's more than they admit. Hudson Hawk (1991), who is just a hysterical funny, Night of Night (1994), which may not be Oscar-worthy, but certainly not a thriller with some nice tricks, Swept Away (2002), which I thought was great mixing with sick humor and beautiful romance, Gigli (2003), which was a great entertainment with some truly memorable lines and was not badly operated from the former "Bennifer" club and this year it is "the main instinct 2"! Well, when I heard rumors about my next favorite movies, I was very skeptical, and although I really love Sharon Stone, I was skeptical until I finally saw this movie. And really, I was very positively surprised! I do not understand why this bad press and such a bad vote here. It will never copy the original, it has a pretty smart story, tension, action, humor and absolutely stunning Sharon Stone, who repeats the role of her life! For 47 years when shooting a movie, he sees the hottest than the 20's, but it is more than his beautiful, it has worked great, his whole appearance, the famous smile, how he speaks and moves ... the first frame he is unable to do take your eyes off her. It's just a pleasure to see her as Catherine Tramell, and all other actors also perform solid performances! So I really don't see what's wrong with this movie ... it's a dark, exciting, sexy and sharp look, strong shows, and you're never bored! Maybe this is not the story of the Oscar caliber, but it never tries! This is an entertainment movie, and according to this standard, it will definitely give me! So try it!
