Finally, after years of waiting for the sexual instinct of the new "Basic Instinct", we have given us a great deal full of the right elements needed for a franchise like this! I remember everything from the original, steam, romance, sex, interrogation, music (Captain Jerry Goldsmith) and everything else from violence and murder to intense all kinds of confrontation! Don't make a mistake, the Basic Instinct was a real winner for all viewers. I remember in 2001 when we first received this news. Five years later, we have it. I would never have guessed it would come that way. When it was announced as a fallen project, the time was not sure if it was ever a real way to get started. Well, I think we know something like that now. Even if the original director or writer is not present, only glamorous, always reliable Sharon Stone is needed and we have done a lot! Please listen to me ... <br /> <br /> When people say that this movie is bad, I think it's just because the style is extreme and outdated. I use the word "dated" just because we haven't seen a similar movie for many years and the audience has become meaningless, a boring narrative to see in other movies that really make money, and the only reason why they are doing big numbers is because these films are family-friendly. Who needs a hole to clean? Of course, this is a nice thing, but c'mon! Escapism is really rare these days and "Basic Instinct 2" gives us the real fans we've been waiting for. This film is not the winner of the Academy Award and is not trying to be. It just gives the hard fans a look at what they have been waiting for. It's a fun movie. Nowadays, it seems the movies are taking too seriously, but this movie is just fun and fun, but it doesn't take seriously, not too seriously. That means I appreciate the movie. <br /> <br /> The movie is a fast-paced movie from the first second, as we see in Cathernine Tremelli in the car, accelerating 110 MPH and enjoying the excitement. . Maybe not sex sex and ride because our sexy novelist takes a bad turn and ... well, she goes unharmed, but her laughing partner doesn't pay too well. What's more, Tremell is the main suspicion of an accident and is placed under analysts and psychiatrists. Dr Michael Glass (Morrissey) is automatically guided from his first moment. Like another criminal investigator, he is entranced and seduced, slowly and surely. His denial of everything begins to crumble around him when he only captures the spell he is capable of doing. Tramell is probably more dangerous than he used to be, but like the first, we never know whether? When seduction is moving, jealousy, rage, drugs and the erotic terrain plate! <br /> <br /> This movie does not circulate the first, but rather mentions incidents of earlier films from time to time. This is good. This allows us to know as an audience that the script has been written so that the level is level or two. Sharon Stone dazzles us again, as if 14 years have passed. His second rogue writer's run is on the ground as before. Just cool! David Morrissey is well cast and well managed. The fact that a non-popular star was chosen makes her performance even more enjoyable because we, as an audience, do not have her background, just what we see her. My last thought - 8.5 to 10 out of 10. So this is not the first, nor can it live the first prize. However, it can live up to the standards set by the first movie and it is also for people! It does.
