"Wisecracker", the biography of actor William Haines, offers a joyous anecdote about the former star when he was 70 years old and left without making films. The old gentleman was not sentimental and rarely watched his films, but in 1972 he was persuaded to participate in the Los Angeles Museum's SHOW PEOPLE, a late-quiet feature where he and Marion Davies celebrated. Previously, Haines was concerned that this comedy provoked false laughter, but she was pleasantly surprised (and undoubtedly relieved) how well she held her and how much the young audience enjoyed it. Watch the movie today and see why: SHOW PEOPLE is an amazing Hollywood satire that retains its charm because it captures its goals with spirit and elegance, but without any trouble. It's still funny and its satirical points still resonate. Needless to say, film making technology has become very large since the quiet days, but the predictions and fools of filmmakers have not changed so much. <br /> <br /> SHOW PEOPLE is also the best Marion Davies who is a first-rate comic performer who deserves a prominent place in the pantheon of great comedies. When his career was tied, Davies was blessed as a cursed patron of his desperate Magazine William Randolph Hearst. It is well known that Hearst had a tremendous influence on Davies' choice of roles and also well known that, despite his comedy gift, he preferred to see he play dignified heroes in periodic costume dramas. At the end of the 1920s, Marion was for some reason allowed to drag things into several surprising light comedies (including RED MILL and PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE, led by the great King Vidor, is his most enjoyable presentation. William Haines gives his boyfriend and Billy Boone interesting, pleasant results, but it is the leading woman's show all the time. <br /> <br /> Marion is playing the southern belle Peggy Pepper, who wants to ride Hollywood with her dad, deciding to become a movie star. (His father, Colonel Pepper, plays the actor / director Dell Henderson, a Griffith biographer's drama veteran who randomly resembles Hearst.) One of Marion's funniest bits, often featured elsewhere, is listening to Comet's studio. . While Dad offers meaningful emotions to portray ("Speak! ... joy!") And the handkerchief falls over his face, Peggy takes the appropriate expression and position. He is only hired to discover that Comet is doing low-eyed comedies, comedies where people spray each other with seltzer and inert policemen to rescue each other's racing. Of course, Comet is meant for Mack Sennett's Keystone start, but the true nature of satire comes out when the story opens. As Peggy Pepper rises in the film star hierarchy, he leaves Comet for a prestigious higher art studio, assuming that the name "Patricia Peppoire" is more suitable for his new station than a serious actor. At some point, it may happen to us (as it certainly did to viewers in 1928) that Davies' rival Gloria Swanson started with Keystone comedies before they emerged in Cec's B. DeMille's serious dramas. And when Miss Peppoire is increasingly serious about giving high-quality treatment to her former colleagues, such as the lack of comic Billy Boone, Davies's play is part of an evil parody that seems to be for Swanson's own. This is a particularly remarkable interview when Miss Peppoire's spokesman spouts the deliberate nonsense, while the star sends a Swanson impersonation. I think it was meant to be a friendly fraud, but I have to think about how friendly the relationship between Gloria and Marion was after this movie was released. <br /> <br /> In any case, SHOW PEOPLE is a delicious delicatessen who will rejoice at the starry parade all the time. Charlie Chaplin bets a nice bit, sans makeup and looks quite special, looking eagerly for Patricia Peppoire's autograph! (And at a good sporting event, Marion Davies makes a mocking of himself, in the evening, having fun at Swanson, beating herself in a fun way.) This is a silent film that viewers who are not particularly silent will appreciate, at least, those who have a movie about the film business taste. SHOW PEOPLE definitely belongs to such classics as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, which is Hollywood's most professional, in a fun self-analysis.
