As a child, I always hated being forced to sit through musicals. I never understand why people start singing into it, and I was too young to understand the art behind it (choreography, design, costumes, tempo). Carol Reed "Oliver!" there was one music I remember strangely as a child, probably because it is one of the darkest and is exhausted in the spirit of Dickensian worshiper. It is music about ghetto life in the Victorian life of London, and while landscapes and designs are harsh, blind and true to its way of life, it is uncertain that people will get into their ridiculous songs in their misery. Recently, from my first childhood, I have some new thoughts and ideas about why this musical "works" in this bizarre dialect of song and why most just don't do it for me. > <br /> When musicals work or really say something, it's because they understand their intrinsic strangeness. Lars von Trier's "dancer in the dark" is tragic and operative, and he came over as he was, musical, because the musical figure was the imagination of the protagonist, a Hollywood immigrant immigrant. Similarly, the very cynical and enjoyable "Chicago" was on a similar level, as the musical numbers were the products of the singer / dancer at the slaughter place. The music does not work when they take their musical character too seriously (like "Moulin Rouge") or just too much fluff (ie something nonsense like "Mary Poppins"). When I first saw Oliver as an adult, I saw it in a new light. From a young Oliver's perspective, I saw musical numbers as my childhood imagination and his coping with ghetto horrors around him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy got everything in the tavern and danced into drunkenness as joy (like a cover that helps poor Oliver gain access to evil Bill Sykes ties). It was undoubtedly memorable and sounded like a real pub voice that could start singing piano. There are also other great and classic stories, the direction and action of which is from the dancing to the top. <br /> <br /> However, for all its darkness (though he has a happy Oliver at least ended up, though he definitely didn't end up doing something for Nancy, and if you think that life on the streets is a funny pocket, it wasn't Fagin or Dodger is definitely a good ending. Their peppy closing tune) I wouldn't have categorized it as a family film, although I don't think it will be shown to children over seven or eighty. This is a tough story of an unhappy orphan trying to survive on the streets and find happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on how, perhaps, a revisionist to take it, where people on the streets of Compton share happy songs about their terrible lives. I'd like to see "Oliver!" There is a hard-knitted hip-hop version. I always thought Dickens would translate well on these issues. As it is, "Oliver!" was probably the last great movie musician and perhaps the strangest G-rated movie I've ever seen.
