Large cinema musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. This twenty-year spell can be correctly marked under the "golden age" of the genre. Before that, there were musicals since there have been musicals since then, but the real classics seem to have always been done during this period. Singin 'In The Rain, America's Paris, band wagon, seven brides to seven brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, King and Me, and much more, stand high than many older products. Maybe Golden Era is the last great musician of Carol Reed's 1968 Oliver. Live music, freely adapted to Dicken's novel, is a film version of a successful stage. This is a great film, the winner of the six Oscar, including the Best Picture Award. <br /> <br /> Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives in an unhappy work room, his mother's dead moments after giving birth. After the incident he has been taken out of the dining room and a funeral room is in operation. But Oliver does not work very well in his new job and flees after some hard days. He makes a long journey to London where he hopes to look for his fortune. Oliver is taken under the child's handkerchief wing, called Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), who in turn works for Fagin (Ron Moody), the elderly who is responsible for the gang of the child theft. Despite the illegal nature of the work, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family". He also makes Nancy (Shani Wallis), a friend of their girlfriend, intimidating Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true ancestor and finds that he is actually a rich and well-functioning background. But his chances of reuniting with his real family are endangered when Bill Sikes violently escapes Oliver, making him an accomplice in some particularly risky and ambitious robbery. <br /> <br /> “Oliver” is a superbly assembled film that is always pleasing to the eye and has worked well with its talented parts. Moody restores her stage role with remarkable power, stealing young people from the film with her energetic action, such as Fagin. Lester and Wild are also good at young handkerchiefs, while Wallis enthusiastically encourages Nancy's role and Reed creates a real disdain for Sikes. Musical numbers are staged with astonishing precision and perception - Onna White's Oscar winning choreography helps make song and dance sets memorable, but lively performers and Carol Reed's skillful play also play their part. Unforgettable stories include "Food choice", "Think for yourself", "You have to choose a pocket or two", "I'd like to do something" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - all the most memorable songs that were delivered in very well-assembled sequences through. The film is a thoroughly fun experience and will never lose its full 153 minutes. Sit and have fun!
