OLIVER TWIST had to generate controversy and success after Dickens published it in 1837. His image of life in the city ghettos was something shocking and new, and his new innovation was also a new innovation. One day he walked in London and went to a young woman with whom he was friendly. He said hello, but he was quite stiff with him. He didn't understand that. A few days later they met again and asked what he was disturbing him. "Well, if you need to know, I didn't like the last novel." He said. "Really, everyone else thinks it very much." He was puzzled, "What's wrong with it?" "Oh, Charles," he said, "I'm a Jew. How could you have a character like Fagin?" He hadn't expected it: "Well ... you know that last year's Ikey Solomon, the early trainer trial. He's a model for Fagin and he was a Jew." <br /> <br /> Dickens found that he didn't solve things. "Yes," he replied, "He got what he served. But Charles, they didn't call him" Solomon Jewish ", as you call Fagin" a Jew! "And yet, Solomon does not plan to murder. Dickens had to admit he could have taken away. He continued thinking about what he said. <br /> <br /> Oliver Twist appeared in several publications. Dickens tried to improve Fagin a little. Then he got the idea. He rewrote the chapter "The Last Night of Fagin in Life", showing the fear of a man in front of him, and he added some additional details. He gave his female friend a decision to change Fagin. He looked at him as if he was crazy. "Didn't you like the changes?", he asked. "Charles, what changes - he's still an insecure villain called" Jew "!" He replied. " , I held them, but didn't you see how terrified he was in the body in prison. "The young woman had noticed it, but felt that she was so insecure that she wanted to suffer such fears." I was right about that ... and did you see the little details I added "What's the details?" he replied. "If you see Fagin for the first time now, he will prepare himself for dinner ... will you read it?" Dickens watched him wait for a sign of recognition. Instead, the lady was confused. "I read he was at the fireplace, but I had to go through the section." Dickens smiled as if he were brilliant, "He makes a pork sausage for his dinner." "What!" He shouted. "He eats pork, my dear ... look - he's not a good Jew!" His friend looked at him, shook his head and his resentment left his friend's house. He hadn't spoken to him for years. <br /> <br /> Dickens never misses his big raids, but the situation made him part of the last ready novel. OUR MUTUAL FRIENDS (1865), he is a small-scale, Mr Riah, used by a careless landlord to collect the high rent of poor tenants. The landlord thinks that Mr Riah is accused of being a Jew. <br /> <br /> But Mr. Riah is a good man. He's a very good man. He is very, very, very good, very good man, as good as incredible. When Fagin saw Mr Riah in action, he would probably cast him off the stick. <br /> <br /> Fagin's anti-Semitic image is still there. This is the dimension of the Dickens gene as a writer that the novel transcends. But when it comes to the story of the film, it still poses problems for scriptwriters and directors: how can after the Holocaust do cinematic film therapy without creating a burning sensation? David Lean showed how with Alec Guinness one or two scenes with a human side and, in reality, a dignity on the end of the mobile will appear. Sir Carol Reed made it even better in the musical version of the novel because it was written around the original music script. <br /> <br /> OLIVER was made for a West End musical stroke in the mid-1960s and then taken to Broadway where it hit again. Lionel Bart has an excellent result, including "Food choice", "I look at the situation", "Think for yourself", "For sale of boys", "Who buys", "As long as he needs me", it deserves its success. Reed played a role in his role, including his nephew Oliver Reed Sykesen, Ron Moody as Fagin, Mark Lester Oliverina, Jack Wild like Dodger, Shani Wallis Nancyna and Harry Secombe as Mr. Bumble. Hollywood hadn't had much musical progress for decades - the last music to win the best picture Oscar was GIGI in 1958. OLIVER won it in 1968. <br /> <br /> And Fagin - how the eternal cartoon problem? Well, the musical phagine was not caught, tried and executed for the murder that has been committed. After all, even Lean showed that Fagin tried to control his confederation in his actions. But here, Fagin understands that he's getting too old to depend on such a life. Although he loses his treasures (the stolen items he held because he knew their value and admired their beauty), he decided to reform. He is allowed to do it with his faithful actress, Artful Dodger. I don't think Dickens would have appreciated this change (his female friend maybe), but the contemporary audience will definitely accept it.
