Almost too well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was a fun, confident popcorn entertainment with a budget that was small enough to avoid any special effects. And obviously trying to be "From Dusk Till Dawn". "Vampires: Los Muertos" Begins the Same Beginning with Rock Star Jon Bon Jov, one of the main characters, but doing it too well ...: I haven't seen Jon Bon Jov any other movie, so I can't compare his activities in "Vampires: Los Muertos" with his other roles, but I was really surprised by his good results. After the movie started, he persuaded me that he did not expect him to grab the guitar and play "My Life" or anything but kill the vampires, showing mercy and doing the work to be done. That means a lot, because some of the audience (including myself) probably thought, "... just because he's rockstar ...". Of course, Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but to be honest: it could have been a lot worse and I think Bon Jovi did a great job. Arly Jover's vampire is not a vampire leather dressed killer that we encountered in Part 1 (or similar to Mars' spirits). Jover plays a vampire very seductive and very sexy, moving like a cat as she attacks as fast as a snake and dresses in a thin, light almost transparent very erotic fabric. And even the optical effects that support his movement are very well done. It's really beating. However, the director is in some parts of the film only to prevent the film from being made into a sensitive horror, such as Murnau's Nosferatu. You can almost see the director's temptation to create a movie that is very personal and different from the original. This is the true strength of the film and, at the same time, its weakest point: the audience that marks the fun of the first film of the first film is probably waiting for the second time with pure blood and may be a little disappointed. Don't make a mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a fun blood bath, but it's not just that kind of movie all the time. Just think of a massacre compared to a scene where a vampire tries to destroy Zoey's ruins: the bar-massacre is what you expect from American popcorn-entertainment, the seducing-Zoey-in-the-ruins scene, ALMOST-like cinema in Europe (the film wants to talk more about Zoey and this vampire, but refuses to respond at the same time. Because this action would have slowed down, the audience was shown a vampire with a human past, now a patient creature, and not just a beast killing someone). And this is a point for me to decide whether or not the film is accepted by the audience of the original film. And also: Is "From Dusk Till Dawn" - is it really nice? I'm not sure about that. Nevertheless, Tommy Lee Wallace did an excellent job, "Vampires: Los Muertos" is surprisingly good. But I guess I'm heading to the popcorn movie Wallace is sometimes almost too creative, too expressive. As he keeps developing his talent to meet the audience's expectations. In my opinion, Wallace's talent fills the film with life and maybe sometimes suck it at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost too well done. (I'll give it 7/10)
