I imagine that Victorian literature is slowly sinking into a smoother past, pulled down by skirts. In the future, television will be the best: with its redemptive power and dramatization, as the BBC produces so subtly, Victorian literature becomes a new life. Religious themes, moral hints, can be more and more easily occupied in a world that is no longer easily shocked and explores cohabitation, affairs, and domestic violence. But these old, well-told stories have a lasting power and are one hidden gem. <br /> <br /> Today it is hard to judge how powerful, feminist and extraordinary the masterpiece of Ann Bronte, the "Wildfell Hall Tenant" actually was. Growing limestone corsets primitive mucus? physical, spiritual, communal? his heroine, Helen Huntingdon, flees from an unhappy marriage, flees brutally and alcoholically, not only in the wrath of her abusive husband, but in the strained intolerance and malicious rumors of society to change her life. He pays the price; but retains its self-respect; he falls in love with the way; he comes up but wins and is strong. I just love those women as they see on the screen. <br /> <br /> Are the participants great? the best britishes are offering. The story of love is the real passion and feeling of the beautifully handled, very well-matched actors. Tara Fitzgerald lives in every aspect of a complex heroine, and as other reviewers have said here, it would not be so sharply defined and beautiful that this delightful hair would survive. Toby Stephens, the outstanding sparks that are next to him, just helped the right combination of good, beautiful young and passionate, longing for the vulnerabilities. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actresses) enjoys herself as a charismatic coat (so much that you're almost with him at the end. No one is perfect). The supportive majority will create a world to sink without feeling the great compromise of today's taste without preaching. Another BBC classic, highly recommended: it should be romantic literature.
