Spoilers ..... <br /> <br /> I saw the original on TV for a while ago and I remember this production less thrilling than most of the baby's costume drama. I saw the DVD again this week and I still have the same impression. At first it is a good story, but it weakens when the heroine becomes so terrifying and noble and returns to her viable husband during the sick days. I think it was "the right thing to do" when the story was written and made a lot of anger, and it was hard for the wife to be independent because the marriage made her more than her possession, let alone continue with the scandalous lover because I think many of today's audiences would have liked to see. But today it is difficult to take the santimonite, and especially when this hero had a strong, brave admirer ready to defend him against everyone and everyone. So then the story like in the movie, what I'm wrong with. It is well done for both the novel but somewhat irritating than today's lifestyle. be so consistent. So I felt ashamed that when Helen was last free with her, the script did not allow her a little more than one minute to hug each other before the headlines appeared. It was completely ridiculous when we had been waiting all the time for the dripping feeling of an undesirable husband between a decent dialogue and a good hero and heroine. Instead, it was the end of how the filmmakers were outdated or financially or simply unable to disturb them. "Here you are - one minute, do what you can do in it, then cut it when the director wants to go home now ....." I was totally dissatisfied. <br /> <br /> But very high praises Toby Stephens' perfect and very beautiful hero and Rupert Graves are a very nasty and self-evident villain. Tara Fitzgerald was satisfactory within the script, forcing her to be a depressing and rather sacrificial victim of so much time. <br /> <br /> I said I love these classic dramas, and almost all of these days are much better on television than "modern" drama. So seven stars, because despite the excitement it's still good to look.
