"Creep" is a new horror film that undoubtedly wants many genre genres just because it is so tiny and careless! It has many real shock moments, a whole host of rejection gore sequences and a rare claustrophobic tension. What he is not is a logic and a definite graph, but the truth is that it didn't bother me in one second. When the final credits begin to run, there are still many unanswered questions to think about, but the director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) probably seemed to focus entirely on the rushing action of tension and adrenaline rather than on long, perfect speeches and theories. could explain the existence of the "slip" on the London Underground. The story revolves around the young and arrogant Kate, who leaves his party to go and meet the famous actor George Clooney, who is in the city to introduce his new film. He sleeps in the subway, leaves the last train and finds himself in the subway station. Things really frighten when he meets a crazy frightening man who lives in old tunnels and kills / robs people to experiment. Even experienced homeless people, security guards or sewage workers can't save him from this terrible monster! I really digged the slip character! She is nausea, ugly and primitive, but strange. Christopher Smith only leaves us with hints and clues, and it's just a viewer to choose to exclude the whistle of origin and background. I think it's not very original, and I'm sure many people don't understand the lack of content, but I'm sorry for Smith and I think it's better than the top, "Jeepers Creepers" style it also started very well, but as soon as Creeper's identity was clear, it became a very mediocre horror). The obvious aspect-love is the outrageous gore! In this film, there is some serious weight loss and make-up, and the sound effects are very convincing. The abandoned setting of the abandoned London subway at night is effectively used. In this film, there are also some actor talent, Run Lola Run returns to the graphic horror for almost five years after the cool German Anatomie. Creep is an amazing entertainment if you are a senseless mood and Christopher Smith is definitely the director I follow. Make sure you don't have to take the subway right after watching the movie.
