Emory is a Cincinnati steel worker like his father before him, and most of the 20th century is the existence of his family in two pillars of steel mill and union. The mill, which had ever been working for 45,000, has recently seen its number fall to 5,000 and now 1 when it just shut the doors, leaving one security guard. First of all, the newly unemployed Emory and her sons enjoy their independence, hanging around the city and loved their favorite bar, where they put "carelessness" in an unscrupulous way. They think that the mill will be reopened after their union representative optimistic listening to the spiel, but the reality will begin to sink when they find themselves selling their own vehicles in the fight to put food on the table and prevent their home from closing down. Emory's father - a committed trade union man - is confident that the plant will open up to his son all his short-term closures during his 35-year-old mill. In the meantime, some unemployed men take their trucks for worse jobs or leap to work and desperately start working. Finally, the Union recognizes its helplessness, as Emory explains to her stubborn father, that times have changed and that the mill will never open. Emory gently asks, "What was wrong with me?" as hard work and commitment to work, the union, the church and the family have left him and somewhere to turn. He hits the bottom of the rock when his drunken rage commands his young sons and hits his wife's floor. He went out of his home and made the factory leader's comments that he and his men didn't work enough to justify their important payrolls, Emory still recruiting the remaining steel workers to do something that shows them what they are capable of. In the early morning, they penetrate the mill, burn the stoves and work harder than they ever have in life, producing steel pipes of sufficient quality in one shift to fill the loading docks from the wall to the wall, top down - something the plant manager thought was impossible. <br /> <br /> When you suddenly arrive at a reopened factory, the astonished driver looks at him with a huge output from one day's work, knowing that such production can make the plant profitable again. The President asks Emorys, "Can you do it every day?" Emory is forced to "no" and the manager asks, "Then what did you try to prove?" Emory explains that the decades of hard work, honesty, and commitment to their jobs are meaningful and that showing how much they can produce in one day "We just spit on the eye." Emory offers her wife and children a little goodbye when she leaves with her friends to look for work in the south, allowing the family to find her if she finds it. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and honest treatment for the American immigrant displaced Americans and provides a realistic view of the costs they face for the short-sightedness of the trade unions and greedy owners of the concession. they were extracted from each penny they received from their factories, but never given them by modernization. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole for his college-son brother, Pamela Reed as Emory's affectionate wife and John Doucette as her deadly father.
