Ah, McBain ?? The name of the character is immortal and has always been ridiculed by The Simpsons, but is it always? personally at least for me? remain the name and title of the tremendously entertaining and terribly violent beginning of the 1990s; director cool guy who brought us "The Exterminator" and starred in two of the most end badass B-movie heroes Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the last cute little macho ponytail). I think "McBain" has to be largely blamed for joy, because there is no way to convince anyone that it is an intellectual film. The film is unimaginably unpleasant (most activity dogs take a small gangster? McBain takes over the country) and takes it too seriously. The script is a non-binding and inconsistent arson of choppy situations, an absurd appeal, mandatory sentimental gaps, grotesque staged sequences, and totally unlikely drawings. This is a totally awful movie; I love it. <br /> <br /> Vietnam POW McBain's life will be saved by soldier Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. They both keep a half-dollar mark as a symbol that McBain is Santos's debt. Eighteen years later, Santos is a spirited insurgent who drives the revolution against the corrupt president of his homeland, Columbia. Santos' initial attempt to take over power fails and is publicly executed on the El Presidente balcony. His sister is in New York with a dollar note and is turning to McBain for financial support and labor. McBain and his former Vietnamese buddies, all of whom accidentally fall into the world of injustice, charter themselves unhappy with a small plane and fly to Columbia to open a giant can. Okay, let's be stupid. Reading a "McBain" user comment already shows that you have a low budget interest in B-movie activities. One of my co-authors spent some time preparing a list containing all of McBain's main stupid and unknown moments. This list is absolutely accurate and I can accept it. Heck, I can even add some meaningless sequences to this list (like a soldier's superfluous and unnecessary heroic suicide who doesn't even have any affinity with the mission's goal and the rest of the McBain team), but what? You know for sure that you do not expect a 100% coherent and credible masterpiece. We know in advance that it is a stupid and exaggerated amazing movie, and that is perhaps the exact reason why we want to check it! This is a terrifying, frightening and fascinating film about former Vietnamese friends who become mercenaries and declare war on the corrupt President of Colombia and the National Drug Cart. Please do not wait for the second "Apocalypse now". This particular film is based on train tuff presentations by macho drivers, a series of explosions and armed forces, and ?? last but not least? a fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Baez sings "Brothers in Arms".
