First, explanation: Despite my title, I only give this movie 8 stars, because in general it is not one of the best films ever made. All the criticisms here are justified. You should also be warned that in order to enjoy the script, you really need to appreciate the shine of Neil Simon and to find an understanding of the torture of a real person. He has an explicit New York ear dialogue, especially a dry, Jewish, compelled sarcasm - and if you have difficulty accepting sarcasm as an expression of love, you may have difficulty accepting the optimism at the heart of this movie. Here is my main point: Walter Matthau is perfect in this film, even if it is perfect. I have never seen him be more funny or touching on this issue - at the same time he shows us the character of fun who refuses to give up his big-self self-esteem or intolerable attitudes, even if his coherence is diminishing. He also shows us more vulnerable, perhaps even heartlessly frightened. people in prison. And he only shows us the sad part - it's just enough to really get you there, if you happen to be dealing with your father's or husband's mental decline now (I mention it as a warning), but artificially it's just enough in sin to give the most authentic deep roots for this character. It's Outside Methodology - Matthau's performance is subtle as character work and pure joy as comic book work. This is a masterpiece of comics. About Richard Benjamin: I personally think his acting annoyance is general and his work in this film is no exception - although he has great moments here. ("One chicken is funny ...." is one of them.) So if you like it, you should like it here and if you don't, it doesn't change your mind. <br /> <br /> About the 1976 Oscars ... I agree that Matthau was unfortunate that he was against Nicholson this year in "Cuckoo's Nest". It was the year of the leading actor competition; if there were separate Oscars for comedy and drama, I think the best actresses Oscars would have gone to Al Pacino for "Dog Day Afternoon" and Walter Matthau for "Sunshine Boys" - not to leave Jack's good work at McMurphyks, but I think Pacino and Matthau were each CLEARLY is more masterful and amazingly effective and even legendary when Nicholson was this year. I also believe that Burns became a supportive actor for the Oscar for more sentimental reasons than his performance - I think he was good in this movie, but NOT ATTENTION. (Burns' eternal but unexceptional-in-yourself returns to a truly outstanding debut of Bri Dourif in "Cuckoo's Nest", not to mention Chris Sarandon's stunning debut "Dog's Day in the Afternoon" - which I believe proves my theory.) <br /> <br /> Aside from the Oscar theories, here is my in-depth review: if you like Matthau's comic act, check out this movie and enjoy your power sources and great grandmother-inspired gestures, fleeting facial expressions, and seemingly unsuccessful aside. (But if you are currently dealing with pain to see how the old person loses his grip, you should be warned that this film can be a comic relief you need, or a reality that is too painful to watch right now.)
