This movie is badly received and poorly reviewed. Rebecca West's book was written in 1918, shortly after World War I, when crust and trauma-induced amnesia were not clichés because reviewers later call it many books and films. It's hard to go back in time and live like the characters lived, the realities of time: the war and the experience of the first war that used deadly gas, the British class system that the woman thought was very important. hopeless spinster and past lover, seen by both young and beautiful in the eyes of love 20 years ago. <br /> <br /> Alan Bates is an amnesia soldier who "dies" if he is not allowed to see Margaret, a girl of his young dreams, based on the commitment his character showed "Far from Madding's crowd". Having seen this, you can feel your strong romantic attachment to a girl who did not meet the expectations of the family and society. Margaret says, "We quarreled, and when you pulled away, you turned your face away from me." So we know that the breaking was something he encouraged him to shame, but that he forgot his shame in his time with Margaret. I haven't seen all of my movies, but I've seen that he gives a strong masculinity that even looks like the role of this disabled soldier. <br /> <br /> I didn't even know Ann-Margaret at first felt her work was underestimated. After reading the book, I wondered if the dead child was the result of the border smell between Jenny and Chrise, even though Jenny says she is a "cousin." Kitty keeps all the hair-dry scenes in kindergarten, the fact that Kitty says she always dries her hair in this room seems to be Kitty's ability to keep the hearts of anger hot as room sunrise or the feeling of a missing child and a statement she wanted Chris not to have To keep the room exactly as it was when the child was alive, he made him unrecognizable against the memory of the child. It is also shown that Jenny lives under the house because a high society would have made it fallen for the time. <br /> <br /> Having recently been a lover of intense fantasy (non-sexual retention) since 50 years ago, I can associate the dilemma between Margaret and her husband. I also set aside because I was not good enough for my family, and after discovering me on the Internet, I was burdened by helping her with her still terrible Vietnamese experience and married wife over her class she didn't believe she loved. My husband, like Margaret, was very reasonable, but the strain was very real. Finally, the lover was only able to match his real situation with the fantasy that loved me only. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good decision to show very little about the fact that the war experience began in Chrise's mind. I thought "Ms. Dalloway" with a WWI soldier, who is working with very violent memories and commits Chris's joy to suicide in Margaret's fantasy. At the same time, the soldier's action, 'Mrs. Dalloway', seems to be burnt down. <br /> <br /> By showing that the psychiatrist did little to understand what happened to Chris, the whole group emphasizes the big problem. It seems that everyone gets their life back, but was it the right choice?
