I just saw this exquisite 1982 movie "Soldier Return" based on Rebecca West's novel. There is shocked by the shocked forty captains who are not even telling his wife that she has returned to British soil, but remains in a London hospital. He has lost his memory and is a boy who has a longer yen for a lower-class loved one he tried 25 years earlier. His gentle story. He stays in his childhood, while the reader discovers that his wife is an intolerant, aspiring social person who wants him to continue his place in society. Living with them is his cousin, Jenny, who loved the soldier Chris Baldry when they grew up as play-mates, but have been in the spinster. The sub-class woman played by Glenda Jackson is Margaret Gray. SHE is told that Chris is back in England. Chris's wife, Kitty, is shocked when Mrs. Gray tells her that Chris is in a London hospital. Kitty (Julie Christie) is empty and snobbish. Why did he ask himself if this other woman sent him a telegraph instead of Chris? Chris has completely forgotten about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. Now Married Margaret doesn't want to meet her, but then she meets and continues to meet her. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris's temporary happiness with Margaret will disappear when he cures him. Jenny understands how empty Kitty is for Chrise and makes a secret loving union through Margaret. They're both in love with him. Jenny wants to help. At the end of Kitty, it turns out that Chrisel and his boyfriend died five years ago. Speaking to Chris, it weighs on Shrink, and he will definitely restore "normal". But is it a good idea? Chris, barely aware that he and Kitty were ever married, doesn't know about his child and his child's death. A psychiatrist, just learning a child, believes that such knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris on their own because Kitty believes she is fake and refuses to accept Chris's disease when she returns to her youth in her forties. The film mostly draws attention to the thoughts with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, the child's perfectly maintained bedroom, where Kitty is in the novel, but not in the scenario, discuss what they believe about Chris from their own perspective. Margaret is critical here, because although she's married, she's in love with Chris again. Jenny believes that all social growth is in danger when Chris himself is not right. He does not, however, disclose it to Margaret. Looking at the future, Margaret decides that Chris will not be able to maintain his fantasy over time, but will return something real. Although Kitty and Jenny look at the house window, Margaret approaches Chris and tells her about her missing son. The rapid head of the war victim drowns, his shoulders fall, he looks. He walks back to the house. Fin <br /> <br /> I read Rebecca West's first novel criticism. The novel was written after the first war. The film is never quite clear about who Jenny is, his cousin or his sister. Of course, it would be delicate if he were his sister. Criticism does not reflect this. I'm sure West in her novel will make sure Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is not Henry Miller or Anais Nin, whose book about the Inc (his relationship with his father as an adult to have him as a child to persuade him) I kept reading, but then I decided against it. Rebecca's author also needs to restore Chris. He also has his own companionship where his novel differs first, but eventually embraces it.
