"Shop around the corner (1940)" is a pleasant romantic comedy, not what I like to end up with the end of my days, but still deserving of the film. By 1940, the director Ernst Lubitsch had long taken the Hollywood storm, and his famous "Lubitsch touch" had become a trade mark for sparkling wine. This movie was scheduled to be released in 1939, but the schedule conflicts meant that James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were not available for filming. Instead of replacing any of his main letters, Lubitsch decided to postpone production, meanwhile redirecting Greta Garbo 'Ninotchka' (1939). When it is finally finished, it seems that the corner store is relatively indifferent, receiving a zero Oscar nomination, despite the great scenario of Samson Raphaelson and its two leaders and the supporting role of Frank Morgan. However, time has betrayed the enormous and lasting impact of the film, where high profiles have been made, including "The Old Old Summer (1949)" and "You've Received a Message (1998)". <br /> <br /> At its surface, one can assume that The Shop Around the Corner is just a story of two lovers, Klara Novaki (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart) who love each other without knowing it. However, the Lubitsch film works much deeper. It is a stylish gift shop for Matuschek and Company, and various human relationships that make the store a close family. When the shopkeeper Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) starts to suspect his oldest employee who communicates with his wife, we are witnessing the division of two families at home and at work. There is no reason why the story shouldn't have been in the United States? Maybe New York's Blustery Streets? But Lubitsch deliberately reclaimed his past years of passions and memories in Europe, the strangeness of love and life before the war brought every court to judgment and bloodshed. This subtle subtext brings a more meaningful and personal touch to the film? in fact, even if I write this review, I will appreciate this story even more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are both beautiful in their role, but I think this is a supportive stuff that really does film. Each character brings the personality characteristic of the mixture and their relationships are always believable and enjoyable. I especially liked how Lubitsch knowingly led a lot of our sympathy to Hugo Matuschek, who in some other film was limited to advanced, two-dimensional depiction. Matuschek may have lost his family's love, but he recovers it in the affection of his staff and feels warm in his heart when he finds that he is a relative's face, a young man, in the frenzied cold of Christmas Eve. boy (Charles Smith). This true heat-supporting character strikes me like many of Billy Wilder's later creations, such as Boom Boom Jackson's The Fortune Cookie (1966) or Carlo Carlucci's Avanti! (1972). Of course, it is not really necessary to say, but Billy Wilder studied the best.
