NORTH CONTACT is one of the most pleasant and best-known romantic comedies. It just doesn't have to move around, and it's really hard to put it in words. It is not one of those films that catches too hard, nor does it come out with the most amazing scenarios to finally get the two main characters together. In fact, all his charm is innate, includes characters and settings, and a plot ... which is very credible to launch. It's easy to think that a love story that is as beautiful as any other once said * could happen to you ... feel that you don't often get from other romantic comedies, although they can be sweet and warm from heart. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) are not the first to be the first to arrive at a store (Matuschek & Co.) who has worked in the past nine years, asking for a job. They start from the beginning, mostly over a cigarette box that plays music when it is open - he thinks it's a ridiculous idea; he makes one big sale and gets to work. Beating them takes them over the next six months, even if they both (subconsciously, of course!) Fall in love with each other when they share their souls and thoughts through letters sent through PO Box 237. Start with the whole movie except that the NORTH CONTACT is perfectly constructed with excellent support, consisting of fully occupied characters, male but lonely Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) who learns that his shop is really his home; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), Kralik's Sidekick and a friend who always sits out of the room when they have to ask for their honest opinion; smarmy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut), who finally gets his brilliantly fair Kralik; and an ambitious puppy boy, Pepi Katona (William Tracy), who doesn't want anything more than being a Matuschek & Co officer for promotion. This small shop in Budapest, in Hungary, the unreasonable dismissal of Kralik and the subsequent promotion to the shopkeeper will help two to make love. It's nice that everyone gets a story from this movie; supportive characters are well-developed and Matuschek's own way of life is almost the same as that of Alfred and Clara. The new professional boyfriend Rudy (Charles Smith) made a Christmas Eve for a dinner in the winter whirlwind of Hungary and makes the audience happy that he is not alone; we will even take care of the characters whose love story is not the business of this movie. Apart from the love story, I have to say that James Stewart is really one of the best things about this movie. He doesn't play a full-fledged Jimmy Stewart person in this movie (Mr. Smith goes to Washington for that); in fact, Alfred Kralik is prickly and steep and not very kind. He's a brusque man, in fact, there are a few clues (up to the end) of aw-shucks' home brains to make Stewart come to the patent soon. If he discovers before Clara that they have been secret, Kralik is not really funny - he is waiting for him to see how far he can get a herd, especially as he quickly understands (considering his turbulent relationship) Clara as boss and downhill), that knowing a loved one through exchanged letters may not be equal to human love. His description of Clara's fictional Matthias Popkin (which name!), Who was supposed to be his groom, is an extreme fun, but also his way of proving that letters don't tell people as his letters don't reveal everything he has. Stewart plays this role perfectly - he keeps his face completely controlled when Clara insults Mr Kraliki because he is often used to doing, even (and especially) on his face. And one more believes that the brusqueness and professionalism that he * could * expose his identity so seriously and sincerely and thin * hope * as he finally does. <br /> <br /> Special attention should also be paid to other cast members. Margaret Sullavan is cheaper in the first half of the film, but she will reach the closing-shop scene on Christmas Eve when she almost starts to break her heart again with a loved one in Alfred's livelier mailbox. Frank Morgan has a high performance like jealous Hugo Matuschek, who prompted nervous breakdown, a man who has to rediscover his life event when he realizes that his 22-year-old woman does not want to "age with him". And Felix Bressart plays the strange but loyal role of Pirovitch perfectly (Lubitsch's regular, as he appears as a fun Russian ambassador to NINOTCHKA) - a particularly remarkable scene where he helps his good friend Alfred's Christmas holidays last * really * wants ... ridiculous Clara's wallet instead of a cigarette box is so hung. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch is really proud of this movie - for example, the very remarkable and careful care that Matuschek stores have created is worthy of the Hungarian names. door, bakery and cash register, etc. But although Lubitsch decided to place the story in Hungary, this provision is actually universal: it can happen everywhere; it can happen to you. It is the charm of this simple story, the believing characters who are actually * people. Christmas Eve snow is also real or at least as real as Lubitsch could do (he had a lot of snow removal costs). It is this desire to make everything as real as possible, which helps to make the story even more plausible, which gives this whole film a dreamlike realism that cannot be repeated. (No, not even in the form of YOU'S GOT MAIL.) <br /> <br /> * This is really Jimmy Stewart's Christmas movie that people have lost when they say it's a great life. Not to undermine the advantages of this second film, but there would be no harm and really much good if we look at THE JOOK BY HIGH at this Christmas instead. It's sweet, funny, charming, and Stewart's impeccable role. We should all be so happy that this film depicts romance; the best thing about this movie is that we come away from the feeling that we can very well.
