It's full of big spoilers, so be careful. <br /> <br /> "Prix de Beaute" always suffers compared to two films by Louise Brooks, made by GW Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "Missing Girls' Diary," but in some ways "Prix" is the main Brooks film. Here he has the opportunity to be charming without his dark side of his Pabst collaboration. What "Prix" is that Pabst movies are not music. In this early French-language movie, the whole mystic of Louise Brooks is connected to the picture, song and music. Charleston is the most involved with Brooks (he was the first to dance in Europe), but the character of the actress is more tango. Tango also plays the "Prix" plot, a music he danced to his short stardom after receiving Miss Europe. Later, when he has left his fame in favor of everyday existence as the wife of the jealous husband Andrei, the longing for his abandoned fame arises when the same apartment is stored on his flat-panel player. So is the Brooks tango used for documentary about his life, "I'm looking for Lulu," a story told by Shirley Maclaine. Tango's rugged and robust quality gives Louise Brooks a strong but elegant and erotic individuality. <br /> <br /> Song "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est brought" a huge number of sins, which is not a great movie (but very good). By the way, if Edith Piaf did not speak for the film, as some have claimed. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not discovered until 1935. But the song is what Brooks describes, Lucienne, sings Andrei at the beginning of the movie to rejoice and express his deep affection. And the excellence is the song he sings for his screen tests, which he looks at with his career-making manufacturers and leaders. It continues on the screen after the man Andre, who has watched him, drives and kills. With one shot when Lucinen's dead body is at the bottom of the screen, while her screen test continues above the song she once sang to Andrei, the content of the movies that other art forms fail. When Andre observes that her dead wife is singing on her screen, the weapon is still murdered. He is now forever and through our association. By chance, Louise Brooks lost a career in real life and burned after the "Prix de Beaute", so it was also the death of her final ledger. This film really attracts Brooks to mysticism than Pabst films (which are undoubtedly better films). It also draws attention to the films that create the whole idea of ​​the "cult" of the film - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after death than when they were alive.
