The story of an obsessive love pushed to its limits and a lovely swan whose beauty is the most ticket for his own premature death. At the beginning of the talk, the PRIX DE BEAUTE walks in a thin line, full of silent film that is still close to the heart and flirting with sound and sound effects. The effect is somewhat irritating to anyone who enters this movie because the recorded sound is extremely hard and just doesn't help at all. For example, the conversation at the beginning of the recording that takes place on the beach, for example, is part of the film as an actor who copies Louise Brooks's dialogue and lets the audience perform with a fine presentation. In addition, the film rolls more or less well, there is little jump in consistency here and there - something that is quite common in films of this timing - and this vaguely accelerated feeling is typical of the silent. In a sense, it is a film experiment and closer to Sergei Eisenstein's style in a visual presentation and in close proximity to close relatives, which will increase the level of the pedestrian. Louise Brooks plays a less distinctive character than what she was known for: she is a stenographer who chooses to participate in a beauty contest on canvas, despite the reluctance of her extremely smothering boy. His role is quite thirty and modern; The latest flapper / Jazz Baby roles were shown on the screen and now, at the beginning of women's independence, women were represented as professionals in the movie. The fact that Brooks's character decides to leave his boyfriend (even if he later settles down with him) is also a little time in front of him. But his deadly mistake is ready to believe what is not there - that his boyfriend wants him to succeed - and that will lead him to the end of the cinema. This final order looks like Hitchcock immediately in his elevated distance (seen by MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH) and cuts from Brooks, his image on the screen, and the murderous boy. Even more dramatic is the placement of the singing "live" Brooks now with a dead person - a cool, powerful film.
