We saw the silent version of this movie and it is pretty sparse. It is quite difficult to see how it would be possible to create a sound version, because it is pure silent technique, long wiping without a single intertiit - except for some confusing sequences where French typist Louise Brooks is quite visibly speaking in English ... The only part that apparently cries out, is the last scene where Brooks looks at the sounds for his test for a "sound film": a film that plays continuously in the background when the action opens, his mouth moving in an incessantly soundless song. I was surprised to learn later that this passage only in the spoken version was a model for the new technique! <br /> <br /> The sun scenes of open scenes and the inevitable following events make the film a dream. "Louise Brooks Movie" was not what I expected, either from her Hollywood comedies or from GWPabst's German melodrama: I found that the idiot is smoother and more enjoyable than any, and Brooks is another creature, a resistant young woman's laugh rather than a shop window a vamp or a manipulated doll. <br /> <br /> But what makes this film deeper than the beginning is an unexpected side; The abundant parasites, who deceive their beauty, return with a tiny princess to their humbly born true love ... and the story is well over there. However, the fairy tale becomes a tragedy. Dilettante Grabovsky, who is confident in her ability to manipulate her desire, is still too right in her self-publication - young lovers can't make each other happy - and André, ironically, had the right to trust the social impact of beauty contests: after her current state of glory, Lucienne is desperate for her routine while his wife in turn guides the reminder of things. If it were just a case of inappropriate marriage, it would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, "Prix de Beauté" reminds me of Murnau's "Sunrise". But if so, the trade fair centers and photographic scenes here would be a distorted mirror image of the joyful reconciliation "Sunrise"; not a dream, but a lethal nightmare. And the next dawn does not produce a wonderful reunion, but an empty bed and an abandoned home. Leaving a letter to say that she loves her and always loves her, Lucienne André is losing her life back to brightness and freedom. and this time he will never come back. <br /> <br /> The Gossip columns affirm all André's worst convictions because he learns from his wife's position through his reports that combine his name with Grabovsky. When a young workman finally reaches the screening room in a rich sanctuary, it is drawn with a weapon, as his rival champion's vision and laughing Lucienne, the same woman who had promised her inadvertent affection he left. He kills him, but even when he kills, he's carried over by the live image of the screen, Lucienne in all his transformed glory, as he never saw him. These two women are endless, with a powerful moment, as seen, grabbed, released and pulled out: a dying girl and her singing self, who is predicted above, not knowing the time of celluloid eternity, playing unconscious life or death or love under her. <br /> <br /> The main looting feature of the movie is the character of André's collaborator Antonini, who seems to have played a role other than licensed in the maliciousness of modern people. She is a ugly guy who never gets a girl, an unreasonable wim who is tortured and tortured at work, and she considers it all with an insecure smile in her infertility for social acceptance: a typical product. bullying the most talented and popular, in other words, calling the audience to laugh with their tormentors. If the aim is not to expose the blind sides to the protagonists (for which I see no sign), it seems that the character exists only in a comic relief, but a comic relief with a clearly nasty edge. If we only know him as an intuitive peeping Tom, it's easy to laugh, though the revenge of others seems a little up; if we discover that he is not a stranger, but André's colleague and regular kick-off, the ongoing attacks cease to be very funny. <br /> <br /> But these are the pictures. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
