First I found this movie when I read a book about Mitchell Leinen's career in the 1970s. I have to admit that over the years I have been watching many of his films and have found their best work of really high quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW had to be one of his best. Though it didn't carry me, it didn't impress as much as it was modest, death taking holidays, KITTY or even GOLDEN EARINGS. I suspect it's just too much time to be well liked. <br /> <br /> Working in Paramount Leisi had problems with the movies she did, which were musicals. Most of the scores he worked with were quite mediocre. It is true that in his films there were two standards, but they were really rare: "Cocktales for Two" appeared in MURDER AT THE VANITIES and "Mona Lisa" came from CAPTAIN CAREY, USA. ROADS were forgotten. "Mona Lisa" was the only voice of CAPTAIN CAREY. It shouldn't have been that way - in the early 1930s, Leiseis worked for Rogers and Hart. Why couldn't he get involved with the project? SWING HIGH, SWING LOW is pleasant but forgotten. Unfortunately, the film is focused on the entertainment world, because Fred Macmurray, as a trumpet player, shows great talents (he even works with his Carole in Lombard with his eyes when he blows around him). The song (sings Lombard) about how his lover plays him is important to the plot. It works in the movie, but it would have been better if the song was more memorable. <br /> <br /> The film has a picaresque style - it begins on the ocean line that Lombard works as a manicure. He is constantly bullied by his boss Franklin Pangborn (ship hairdresser). Then the ship enters the Panama Canal and we see MacMurray as a soldier whose recruitment is about to end. On their first scene, there is a nice touch of Leisin: MacMurray talks to Lombard, on his boat deck and on the edge of the lock wall. A nice way to keep things running when the dialogue gets boring. <br /> <br /> The film follows the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) when he meets Lombard, and begins his reputation as a trumpet player, but meets with another woman in the film, Dorothy Lamore. The best moments of the film deal with the collapse of communication with Lombard, and his collapse as a jazz trumpet (his appearance and need for alcohol is very atypical for MacMurray's character - even his darker figures like Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake or a naval officer pushing Caine Mutiny did not show alcohol dependence. < br /> <br /> Lombard is good if a woman whom MacMurray loved but badly Lamore has little to do - maybe the film had more scenes in it, but one stands out she is trying again Your opening bit Pangborn is good, in rare cases the little actor Carl Judels in films is an effective fair air / friend of MacMurray who falls on him when he goes down (although he gives him the reach). <br /> <br / > Charles Butterworth in this film is as usual as trivial, but he has a moment when he sees his piano in the room with keyboard in his hand, his daughter uk, MacMurray, and Lombard share - his red face is due to the embarrassing lie MacMurray calls. It was a nice, fine moment. If only his fineness was in his behavior, not in his moments of extraordinary humor.
