Neil Simon's ODD COUPLE founded a model for many of his later games. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were unsuitable pairs of the original, with the first being nasty and clean, the latter being weak and loose. Simon (less successfully) wrote (with less success) 1990s games as a new laughing woman with his roommates. He did it for a couple (a woman with her daughter and a man) in THE GOODBYE GIRLS. In 1973, he also gave him an additional twist with SUNSHINE BOYS, a Broadway hit that played Jack Alberson and Sam Levine, such as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, the old, semi-retired Vaudevillians. Here, the "apartment" problem is reduced to two men who can't stand each other. The 1976 film was played by Walter Matthau as Willie and George Burns as Al. <br /> <br /> In reality, it is not believed that Alli thinks Willie is totally ill - Willie is pathologic Al. First of all, Al had a few habits, such as a little bit of randomness, when the word "t" began to spell, and Willie slid slightly with his finger on the stage. Second, Al's pension when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and has forced her nephew and agent Ben (Richard Benjamin) to try to advertise her in the workplace. But Willie doesn't remember the lines if they're not funny and keeps them on. She's able to remain commercial until the end of the exercise. <br /> <br /> Ben is asked to get two back to live his most famous sketches on television about American comedy, bring Al to see Willie and the sparks start to fly, because neither can understand what the other is doing (and In addition, Willie requires modifications (small, but they throw at Al), for example, saying "ENTER !!!" when Al knocks on the door, the initial attempt has failed, but Ben succeeds in showing them to the tape. <br /> <br /> Three members, Matthau, Burns and Benjamin, are doing very well with one liner, so recalls the Vaudeville battery (example: "Breast pain ... I get chest pain Uncle Willie. Every Thursday I came here and chest pain! "" So, come on Friday! ".) Benjamin tries to prove his deep affection for his uncle, although Matthau's harsh outer shell makes it complicated (he smoothes only when he respects Matthau's somewhat better reality (at first) than Burns, who seems senile when he repeats himself - but in reality, Matthau's rejection of the world, which has ever been recognized by him, makes him less willing to behave correctly. Burns is not senile - he takes things slowly but seems to be happier with his retirement. <br /> <br /> this final "discovery trips" to our modern Lewis and Clark, old skits, when they gradually realize that they have more in common with the old age than they thought. Even innocent Willie admits that Al can (be) pain in her, but he was a funny man. br /> <br /> The burns were not the original choice for Al Lewis (your supposedly Dale team from Smith and Dale). Jack Benny was. b health forced him out (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last participation in any film in 1956 as a narrator at SOLID GOLD CADILLAC) turned to such a subtle stage that he became the "Oscar" for the best participant and had to film his career in the next decade. in films like OH GOD; OH GOD, YOUR DEVIL; and JOOK STYLE. He died at the age of 100 in 1996, proving that he was more than just a great man for his wife Gracie Allan.
