The main problem I see with this film is the score that screams with each comment: "It's a cheap ass movie." There is not much to say here. The result is simply sucked. Another problem that I find quite difficult, and it also includes pulling the plot at the end of the movie (one of the pictures when you will), is the dialogue between Martha (Adrienne Barbeau) and sunflower man (Richard Ziman) where Marta has shown that is the leader of the experiment. During this dialogue, the viewer is very aware that he is listening to the film dialogue. In other words, there is an incredible stop here. The credibility of a trusted dialogue between two people is sacrificed to fill the nilly information that filmmakers want to give the audience. The third problem was casting Adrienne Barbeau. While I believe he is a fabulous actor during his creation, I think this part may be too big. The main point of her performance, which did not look like, was the spectrum through which the character moves through the film to the loving mother of a loved one on a mission similar to that of a Rambo-like woman. This aspect of the script would obviously have been stretching for every actor, and therefore it is not too much to blame for Barbeau. As he acted in a relatively skillful way, I would still call this moderately serious problem of the film as a whole. <br /> <br /> Finally, the film did an excellent job in the first half of the year. slip factor, especially during this horror. I feel that the film would have benefited more from those flashing than from the mechanism that prevents the filming of the slip factor on the other side of the film. <br /> <br /> So, what is my complete assessment of this piece? I'd give it a fixed C + for B, depending on how much credit you are willing to give to making the film out of a limited budget. Even with two serious and two moderately serious problems, the film is based on Nazi mysticism on the Jungle side. I don't see problems with plot development or coherence; the dialogue with the exception mentioned above is even bright in places, especially at the beginning of the entire movie scene between mother and daughter; as mentioned, the slip coefficient was well-crafted when somewhat effervescent on the other side; and Nicholas Brendan, who is also involved in producing, gave excellent performance. <br /> <br /> All in all, this movie is definitely worth --- look at this loving Nazi. :)
