I've seen "miracles still" at least four times. I will never let this fantastic movie ever. From the outset, it has a person's interest. Because of the advancement of the film and the flight draw, this story becomes very intense when we look at this young girl who is trying to survive alone and scared at Amazon, after an air defense, where she was the only survivor. Losing this mother in this plane crash makes this movie even more dramatic when we see the danger that this young girl had to endure in the Amazon for ten days. To believe that this really happened is simply unrealistic and to think that someone could actually survive, it is indescribable when we see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, huge forests and wild animals and countless insects. As the film progresses, we see the danger that this girl has to face when she tries to go to the river when she hopes to take her to the city. Recalling what his father told him about how a stream always reaches the river and then an even larger river, which means that it eventually leads to the community, this young girl follows a small stream that eventually leads to a huge river throughout the film. Sometimes he was always able to swim in dangerous waters, alone, scared, injured and injured. At the end of this film, it was obvious that he would not have been able to continue much longer if he had not eaten for ten days and had only water to drink and was very sick and tired of his dangers. Finally, when he sees a canoe, he understands that there must be a village and men who find him and take care of him and then take him to the hospital where his father must see him. passengers. Such a dramatic film and so warm-hearted to see his father's face when he sees his daughter is actually alive in Amazonas throughout that time! Such films are not made on such days. I still see it and I know I never want it! I think this girl was the only survivor of this plane, just plain indescribable! It was even more remarkable that he retained only a few very minor injuries while all others on this plane were killed in a terrible accident in the Amazon. A great movie that worked great and one I will forever and love to continue watching! Certainly I strongly advised me!
