It was considered "in response to the Lord of the Rings" by Switzerland, but it is much more. It's not the answer, it's something new in itself, something funny, and sometimes it's totally silly and stupid - but Monty Python was nothing but silly? <br /> <br /> At first, it is immediately claimed that this film is a low budget and should not be taken seriously. Paper clouds on strings are knocked on a plane where the protagonist is sitting. But to compensate for the missing special effects, the terrain is a trick. It's absolutely beautiful and stunning - who needs New Zealand, Switzerland has it all. <br /> <br /> The movie liked this simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that went into it. It's not brilliant; yet it has got good humorous parts. Edward Piccin, when Friedo is absolutely convincing, is enough to see and see the film for him, there are some good jokes, some of them are very flat, some of them are not understandable outside of Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​Urucows instead of Uruc Hai; I loved this scene where Friedo decides to take a telehob with her "Pupsi". Also very funny is the scene where Rackaroll, a sword fighter knight, decides to shoot with his sword and then crushes it by breaking it. And there is one scene where the nazgul-ish-characters make a wonderfully comical scene that includes a toilet brush ... I didn't accept the idea that the "Gollum" ring used by Schleiml was "seducing" the ladies. It was a little far removed. The idea that Lord Sauraus wanted to cover the land was not so brilliant. Original, but not brilliant. But most of all I didn't like the idea of ​​a homosexual dragon that wasn't really necessary. All in all, I suggest you see the movie just because it's so crazy and totally messy. Don't expect a LotR parody like "Spaceballs" for Star Wars. But if you go to the clamps to think it's going to be a fun evening, with absolutely no ambition, you'll enjoy. I'm not sure if it works in other languages ​​because it lives in Swiss dialects as well as jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> All in all: Hats for the Swiss team's courage who did it!
