Sarafina was a fun movie and some songs were really great. Sarafina was very fun. Usually I don't like this kind of music, but the song was not flat, as it was in the box. The film was useful for learning about history, as it was an interesting perspective of the 1976 Soweto rebellion. It showed you things from the perspective of the students during the troubles and showed that they were real characters. Because you need to see them as real characters that will make you more like them than the audience, and make you more sympathetic to those who suffer in the white government with whom you do not receive compassion. The singing of the students is right because we know from the accounts that the students of rioting sang and danced before it became violent. Sarafina students' clothes are very similar to the clothes shown in Soweto's photographs. They actually made the film in Soweto, so it seems very accurate in many parts. All these things make the movie more accurate when someone uses it to learn the apartment. As observers, we must be critical of the way in which Apartheid's history is presented. As I said earlier, you receive sympathy for your students - it makes it potentially less reliable and objective. It also changes some other details on your accounts. Sarafina turns to chaos when a policeman gets his classroom and lets the pupils. The police and the army were very aggressive in Soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. The police and the army shot the students, but there is no evidence that they would go to schools and fill such people. The fight was more on the streets and was a looting and crime. This is probably done in the film to make you feel more damaging to the students. The film would have been more useful if it had something different about apartheid. The teacher was arrested against the government and the mother goes to the white people. But there is no information about the government and why they did it, or details of racist politics and laws. - George S, Chris and Finlay
