This film reminds me of the 42nd street where Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler play. When I watch this movie, it reminded me of the 42nd street, especially the character Eloise, who is a temperamental star and he falls down and breaks his ankle, as Bebe Daniels did on the 42nd street and another performer gets a part and gets a star. This movie, like most of the competition films, keeps people out of the attention of entertainment. Race films have always shown Black Entertainment, because it was really what was popular in this era. Dance styles, music, clothing styles, you love it. This movie could have been great if it was made in Hollywood, it would be a better landscape, better filming and more money to make the movie better. But it's worth a look, because it's good and Micheaux does a good little of what he has. I have to say about all Micheaux movies, Swing is the best! The film includes singers, dancers, actors and actors who were popular today but forgotten. Doli Armena, a fantastic female trumpet player who can make the horn so good that you think Gabriel is blowing from heaven in the sky. Sexy, hot female dancer Consuela Harris was ashamed of Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee. <br /> <br /> Add more information ... The popular blues singer of the 20th and 30th centuries is at the heart of the film. he is Mandy, a good, hard-working woman who doesn't have a good man who takes his money and spends it on other women. Amanda Randolph's smiling neighbor tells Mandy what she saw and heard, and Mandy goes to the club and catches her husband with an attractive witch, named after Eloise (played by Hazel Diaz, Hot-Cha entertainer in the 30s) and the fight broke out. Then Mandy goes to Harlem, where he reunites somewhat with the guardian Angela, one of the most beautiful women in the movies Dorothy Van Engle. Lena gives Mandy a home, job and helps her get a star when Cora Smith's temperament (played by Hazel, I think she's playing two parts or maybe she changed her name on the stage) is trying to break the example with her bad behavior. When Cora drunk and breaks his leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is right for the job and Lena is right and the star is born in Mandis. High, tall, harsh, but beautiful Carman Newsome is a cool manufacturer who is also waiting for Lena. Pretty boy Larry Seymour plays a good man, but after Lena threatens her, she can design. There are some highlighted topics, but what I'm saying is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) pulls out late and goes down to everyone and then her husband comes in and hits her jaw, but that's not enough. he's going to fight Mandy again. Sometimes there are big entertainment choirs for girls, tap dancers, dancers, rocking music and blues singing. There are even white people looking at entertainment, I don't know where Micheaux found them, there is even a scene where black and white are sitting in the club, Micheaux often integrates black and white in his films, he should be fond of such a brave move. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first film I really enjoyed and it helped me introduce Oscar Micheaux. This film is one of the best genres of competition films behind the scenes of the ups and downs of the sample companies. <br /> <br /> These early competition films may not be the best, you can't compare Hallelujah, Green Pastures, Stormy Weather, Cabin In The Sky, Carmen Jones, or any other Hollywood movie, but watch them big because of making these black movies The earlier signs and plus these films give an overview of black life and black entertainment through the eyes of a black person. These films gave the blacks the opportunity to play people from all walks of life, to be beautiful, stylish and elegant, not just stereotypes, or how white images of black images like Hollywood. Most of the actors and actors in these films were not the best, but they were the only ones that could be offered at that time, Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram and others larger stars so that Micheaux and other black and white race filmmakers use nightclub performers in their films, some were good, some were not big actors and actors, but I think Micheaux and others knew that most were not good actors and actors but they were used for experiments rather than for true talents, they just wanted to tell their stories and vice versa, many black performers were able to perform their true talents in the movie. For some real actors / actors, the pregnancy films were the only movies they could do, especially if they didn't want to play Hollywood stereotypes, so I think you can see the actual actors of nightclub performers. These films are very historical, they could have disappeared forever, many have disappeared, maybe the competition films are not the biggest example of cinema, but even Hollywood movies didn't start to be big at first. I think it would be better if the genre of the competition films continued. If you are looking for great actors, most racial films are not the ones who are looking for a true black entertainment example and how black films should have been shown in films as watching movies. There are some entertaining movies with a good actor, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise in Harlem, Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! With the girl, the mystery of the swing, the miracle of Harlem and the sepia Cinderella, that not only is good entertainment, but good action.
