I have not yet read Kurt Vonnegut's Mother's Evening (although I have read her other books, all the outstanding news about satire and game-changing). Having seen the adaptation of the film Keith Gordon's film, it is an immediate reading in the near future. This is the kind of material I am sure that if it wasn't done in 1995/96. In the movie, it would be picked up right now at a time when many periods of post / present-holocaust / WW2 movies are quite popular. Except that it is much darker, though even more resonant, of the nature of the game roles and the real horror of living after the war for life, tell the reader. This is a very real threat to pretend during the war, what is spy in WW2. This is one thing if mother's night had a script that had a lot of emotional depth and the complexity of moral choice and lasting role of Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte) even after the end of the war. But this is also just a very strong representation of cinematographic techniques. Keith Gordon is not someone I usually think of as a leader in really strong material (more - so I think of him as an actor, strangely enough briefly with Vonnegut back to school), but it's a revelation. He takes the story of Campbell as a story of a broken life: a German propaganda champion ("only America who has left Berlin"), who is actually an American spy, but can never reveal his identity and was a playwright who actually belonged to the "people of the two peoples" , herself and her husband (Sheryl Lee). It follows his prison cell, waiting for a trial in Israel in 1961 when he writes his monument and talks about his disappointment with the Nazis' pretend, and then in 1960, hidden in a New York apartment. Most of the movie takes place. <br /> <br /> Motherhood can be quite difficult, like a level that could be associated with a pianist, but at a more emotional and cerebral level than the harsh poetry of this movie. Gordon, through Vonnegut, is trying to give us a strong look at a man who has nothing but his long lost love of memory (and then the amazing takeover) of the "sister" who has returned to him. NYC, so he remained friendly with painters (Alan Arkin, very good here), and then it turns out that Nazi-in-hiding is a white supremac newsletter that leads wackos to his apartment. On the surface it should be just a simple spy, but no matter is easy. The "something" of this man's life is amazing, but it is ultimately his own choice. Campbell is one of those characters that can be analyzed for hours, but the same conclusions could be reached (and in some ways, Goebbels' line): the bigger the lie, the more people believe it. This is apart from the few choices that began to lie and know its secret and power. there were some really fantastic performances (that is: Nolte is the best here and Sheryl Lee, whom we remember from Twin Peaks like Laura Palmer, stuns in many roles, especially in the scene when he discovers he's not really "Helga." is also a gorgeously shot movie with brilliant lighting and shots that reflect the mental state of the character or just a race of time or bad colors (see a scene where old Campbell looks at the film from his younger self-outflow) faces are high). And music choices increase tragedy. It may be said that some of the music is too much, but at other times it will raise the material alongside its usual dramatic dimensions and render it operative in view of human nature. <br /> <br /> It's not always an easy movie to emotionally take, and in some twists it is "who" shade like any spy story. But this is the surrender of Vonnegut, which looks and looks, a life imitating life that imitates life, imitating death, and changing it to something worth remembering. I have no idea if this book is better than a movie (or vice versa), but I don't find it hard to recommend it to anyone who is looking for a post WW2 / Holocaust story.
