American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (Playing with Nick Nolte's embarrassing aging), Germany happily lives with his actor's wife, Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee), before the start of World War II. At the top of his life, Howard is represented by an American representative (John Goodman) to become a spy on behalf of the Allies; Howard has everything he loses but finds the offer irresistible. After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell is struggling with the loneliness of lonely life in New York, which is further frustrating his neuroses. The central question (indeed, the question that is frustrated about the film and Kurt Vonnegut's initials) is "Campbell Hero or Traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide provide us with clues, but there is no answer, and this vagueness - what I don't know is what keeps the "Mother's Day" fresh and interesting all over. At the beginning of the film, Nolte represents Campbell's intelligence and self-confidence; in the end, he is either frightened and insecure or frightened and absolutely confident in his contribution / debt to mankind for the role he played in war. Gordon applies a glossy gloss to the images of the first half of the film, complementing his portrait of Nazi civicism and capturing the dramatic side of Vonnegut. If the flip side is confined to the New York apartment alone (which he loves to "cleanse") only to discover the Nazi group, the humor produced is also unique to the author and provides temporary breathing from the dramatic tension that arises. The moral (even spiritual) paradoxes "Mother's Evening" do not give a simple resolution, and to a certain extent they should be left ambiguous - Campbell's black-and-white scenes that look tiringly into space when he is imprisoned Israel refers to an unspeakable contemplation that we do not because Campbell is the nature of which we know little about the inner workings; The war changes her, coming back to America, changing her, and meeting New York's Nazis forcing her to extend her "facade" even further, until she can bother herself predicting the wall by forging an anti-Semitic bile. Perhaps this is the best reaction we could hope for.
