This magical moment in life that shows beautiful innocence in childhood and confusion in adulthood. . . this is what this movie is about. <br /> <br /> Danni (perfectly played by Reese Witherspoon) is in the very beginning of the movie. She swoons over Elvis, playing her documents and wishing to love love. Maureen, her sister, is about to go to college, she has no trouble attracting boys, she is beautiful, and it looks like it's all evolved, though she doesn't. He drives a local loser whose father is after him and just wants him to find a good boy and wipe him. Danni, like most young teenagers, wants to be someone other than himself, because most teenagers think who they just aren't good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but she doesn't see she's beautiful. <br /> <br /> The moment of adulthood begins to invade her life when she first meets Court Foster. The court whose father died recently has moved to his old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. She has been responsible if she should be fun. On one particular hot day, he goes to the pond and jumps only to find Danni's thin watering. They scream and claim and leave Danni. But later on they see each other when the mother of the courts is called Danni to visit old friends (Danni's parents). Danni gets to court and to court in Danni. He is a tomboy and is dirty, has an attitude and says what he thinks is. <br /> <br /> The court is 17 and Danni 14 and he knows it, but they will continue their days approaching the pond between the farm. By the time the court is able to do it one day, Dan will hit. Dan's father tells him to call the house and he does it. but things are awkward for the court by his "date". The silence, however, is broken at his meeting with Maureen, who has not yet been judged. One look between two and that. Pain and Defeat Danni is both a beautiful and painful life. I don't say the rest of the movie, but it has more than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The greatness of the movie is so beautiful in the imagination of living things as it is. and the two sisters whose love is tested by both the boy and the loved ones and the pain they have to test together and individually. Danni finally notes his entrance to the world when he sees the world as unfair, painful and perhaps even slightly less promising than at the beginning of the film. Few movies can truly capture childhood and adulthood pain. This movie has, for the first time, seen how it stuck in my mind. That's my Top 100 movie list and worth it. I just want to make such movies because if so. . . my faith in Hollywood would be much better.
