When I first heard about the show, I heard a lot about it and got good comments. I looked at the first episode of this "forensic fairy tale" as he proclaimed himself, and I really tried it. I loved it. This show has a good sense of humor and it's fun to see a good show. The cast is excellent in nature, and I wouldn't want to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those who do not know this exhibition, Daisies focuses in the middle of a woman named Ned (aka The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace), who discovered a special gift when she was a boy: She could bring the dead with a finger back. He did it for the first time with his dog, Digby. However, there is fishing: if he keeps the dead person alive for more than one minute, someone else will die. She learned when she brought her mother back, and her childhood father died at Nedi's mother's place. Another catch is when he touches the person again, they are dead again, but this time good. He learned when his mother kissed him at night. His father took him to the boarding school and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Almost 20 years later Ned has a pie bakery, called "The Pie Hole". A Nedi, a colleague of Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth), has a split, but Ned rejects his moves, trying not to get anyone close by learning from past experiences. Private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered Ned's gift and decides to make him a partner in resolving murders. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed them, and when the minute is up, he touches them again and solves it. So they usually solve it. Throughout the episode, the murders are very interesting plots and the ones people least expect. One day Ned finds her next murder to be resolved by her childhood sweetheart, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). . She brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. In his place, the body of the corpse died of a stolen funeral organizer. When Emerson discovers, and if Chuck wants to help solve the murders, she doesn't agree a bit - we'll hear her for a while from Chuck 'Dead girl. All this is secret for Olive, Chuck's aunt Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz) and all others on this issue, if someone admitted her to evil, news, etc. Vivian and Lily, previously synchronized swimmers, had not left the house. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to cooperate. Ned and Chuck grow to love each other, though they can't touch each other again. <br /> <br /> This show is funny, it has terrible characters, contains a large piece of land and will definitely reach your spirits. I hope it will not be canceled with 13 episodes.
