"Pushing Daisies" is definitely one of the best TV shows in the genre over the last 5 years, or does not agree with it. Creator Bryan Fuller has an amazing creative mind. He has other great TV shows such as "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), and the other not as big as those, but also interesting, "Heroes" (2006). These are the wonderful worlds that Brian Fuller has created in previous TV shows, again mixing the amazing fantasy with real world people who are hidden in colorful pictures and exaggerated feelings that the fairy tale is always. So, being a fairy tale, you cannot expect more than an unreal world and unexpected situations, or even situations that are expected to be much, but not in the way they are usually said. <br /> <br /> And those that are sweet can be bitter. That's right, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a simple guy with an interesting gift if it's an amazing chef: he can just give life to dead people. It may be the power that everybody dies - or lives - because if there wasn't yet another simple and very sad thing, he could die forever if he touched it again. The curse of this amazing gift does not end there ... everything has compensation, and if it brings something to life for more than a minute, the second species dies instantly. He is a man who is full of unhappy events in life, so he grew introspective, always touching everything and losing once again the things he loved one day. Until that day, he was finally close to his greatest childhood love, Chuc (Anna Friel), if it was not a sad fact: he was dead. He gave his life again and he loves him as much as he does, but this love is inviolable. Really death kiss. So this beautiful modern fairy tale begins. <br /> <br /> When I first heard of "Daisies" pushing, it was promoted as something very familiar (or perhaps some kind of respect) to everything that Tim Burton has created since "Pee-Wee's Great Adventure" (1985) " Big Fish (2003) and Charlie and Cholate Factory (2005). The results can't be better. The world around The Pie Hole was great. The solutions of the Nedi and Detective Mark (Chi McBride) for solving unresolved crimes can be common on television, but it is just a way to direct people through amazing stories surrounding characters like Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth). beautiful and dreamy pictures that you can almost color in color. Not only are you connecting with a host of amazing and charismatic characters, even those with the deepest dark humor. <br /> <br /> Forgetting the trivial concept of exhibitions, murders and unresolved crimes and exhibiting many other things. Here are the actors to the top. Lee Pace is gentle, soft and contained when the character demands it. Anna Friel is an exhibition museum because her character should be. But the best times are always supported by actors such as Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines with a dry character that is drowned in dark humor that can frighten the fear. He certainly has the best dialogues and his expressions and body language are enchanting. But when the best dialogues give Swoozie and his character, Kristin Chenoweth gives the best funny moments. He seems to be improvising all the time, he is so naturally fun that every scene is next to the show. Kristin looks so bright that winning the 2009 Emmy for her supporting role in the show was completely fair and earned. There is also a chemistry between the participants and their characters, which is also amazing. <br /> <br /> There are no words that this TV show really expresses and what it should have been. For those who think that this exhibition is a waste of time or claimed that it doesn't make sense, it must definitely open up their minds and their return to the time they probably never had: childhood. <br /> <br /> Truth is said ... The TV has never been so daring on TV as it was amazing. "Strong daisies" was a big step forward for great artistic entertainment, and its sudden death was much disrespectful. It is true that TV does not respect great TV shows, such as those created by Bryan Fuller - except for "Heroes", which is still in the air and which is far from as amazing as others.
