After reading two or three negative comments to push the IMDb main page "Daisies", and after literally going to the last episode, I thought it was time to say what I thought of PD. <br /> <br /> First of all, solve some of the questions I've seen with other people who have this exhibition: something like, "I'm waiting for people who are awake to have a more realistic reaction". Realistic, at this show? Daisies pushing is truly pure and complete escapism. It is a color palette, used dialogue, scenarios, situations, music: it's just for me to escape from everyday life. Escape from everyday and boring. This is where Pushing Daisies goes extraordinarily well. Pusaisid is not for everyone: a large part of the television audience does not get it, for some it is just too ugly and stupid. But for my similar people, even the first episode I watched (Frescorts 2 of the season) and I was just shown. Since then, I bought both a box set and hardly a DVD player. Other people I know can not hold it, it seems like Marmite. <br /> <br /> Exhibition follows Ned's, Adventures' adventure, with a magical finger that brings back childhood sweetheart Charlotte Charles, works with researcher Emerson Cod, owns a Pie-hole and works as a waiter with Olive Snook. The main cast members are Aunt Lily and Vivian, whom Charlotte (Chuck) should never see. They live in a fantasy world where the dead are back in life, everything is shown in a bright color and tells Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> Other than the basics of display, you can't really praise it much without saying: just look at it. Despite the fact that only 22 episodes have ever been made to hit the Writer's America Guild, it offers admiration, story, signs, and situations, offering (for me) a satisfying ending (yes, I can say it was at the end and rushed, but I was still happy with how it went). Is it creative or just pretentious, because many people (i too) made the most addictive and wonderful viewing and i hope for the future of television that more such exhibitions will be created so i will not leave just 22 40 minute memories of what is real entertainment.
