Young Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Letheren), an appealing archaeologist, is sent to a large country house by Squire Richards (Pip Torrens), head of the museum, whose mission is to find the origin and catalog of antiques and celebrities belonging to the recently dead Squire father. Squire is surprised by the arrival of Fanshawe, he did not wait for another week, but welcomed him and received his only servant Patten (David Burke, fame of Dr. Watson) to show him his room, because Fanshawe must stay for a few days to finish his pretty big task. Patten seems to be not the most friendly and seems to be outrageous for the extra work of Fanshawe's visit, a big empty house that gives him an endless amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance. Fanshawe is a cloak, very clean and precise, with everything in its place, be it clothes or books and papers, and it's quite disgusting because of the dirt in her room. Needless to say, he is quite eager to start his work, but unpacking finds his binoculars injured during transit, so he asks Squire, the Squire, who is a modern thinker, but it also seems to be quite uncultivated to have such questions. also eager to open the house around the house, so he commits and walks to the top of Fanshawet Hill to explore the estate and surrounding villages where Squire leads him to points of interest. including Gallows Hill, where local residents were hung up for their crimes and misdemeanors, is also interested in the local monastery, which Squire describes as destruction, but Fanshawe sees through the binoculars that it is not clear, explores and pays a visit to the monastery and is shocked to find that there are only a few stone remains? Fanshawel does not have too much time to think of such confusion as he falls in the darkness, he feels that he is being watched, he knows his presence, he sees the shadows moving in the woods, he was amazed at home. During dinner, he shares the details of his harrowing day with Squire, Patten listens to the story and suggests an explanation. Binoculars! In the past, they belonged to a local man named Baxter, who had found bones and skulls from Gallows Hill, boiled for a while or else, Baxter had lost one night mysteriously, late Squire had acquired his things, including a mask made of skull and some old etchings. These etchings fascinate Fanshawe because they depict his monastery viewed through his binoculars, but learns that the monastery was destroyed during the monastery of Henry VII, so Baxter would not be able to draw sketches, never less, and the recent past of Baxter, concluding that binoculars have a special power. That night, he's terribly bright dreams, when he wakes up, he goes out with a binocular to see the monastery he finds to surprise him, but has he wanted it in a dangerous situation? Finally, Fanshawe gets trapped in his dangerous obsession, because darkness falls on Squire and the search party, which is now looking for a lost archaeologist, warns tens of loud shadows who are moving over Gallows HIl, speeding up their speed, but are they on time to help or rescue Fanshawe your fate? The story of the BBC's Ghost Story for Christmas Ghost movies unfortunately ended in 1978 with The Ice House for the first time, which was mainly based on the larger work of James James. In 2005 and 2006, a short period of time was revived and, fortunately, a hill-side look back to James's work, whose ghostly writings have haunted many generations of readers. The new leader of the series, Luke Watson, could have been worried about fans of older films, but he returns to the period that later films were abandoned, which immediately sets the tone for a great Ghost story, his direction is guaranteed when he remains faithful to the masters' mood and gradually develops a frightening climax of fear, while keeping the viewer to a minimum, thereby raising tensions and secrets. The autumn landscape offers the atmosphere, the falling leaves and the low-lying sunshine, which provides an unsuccessful backdrop for future events. The cast that has to be said is all excellent and they are completely cast in their roles. The idea of ​​Binocles is simple, but very effective, the person who has been given the object to see supernatural beings and events that the naked eye cannot see can even affect Álex de la Iglesia on his film La habitación del niño (2006) next year with which he there is a striking similarity. I had heard different comments on this movie, but I have to say that I always found it intriguing and it even lifted some hair on my head and gave me a few shakes, something that doesn't happen these days, I think the surrounding negativity can only be associated with the pace that in my eyes is perfection, but for a modern audience it is considered deadly slow. Even during this short 40-minute working time, a lot of time is given to develop the character and expand the parcels, and I have to say this as my new favorite and definitely one of the best films of a decade.
