In 2005, less than 3 films were filmed in the framework of H.G. Wells' great world novels World War. This is probably the least known and probably the best of them. No other WotW version has ever tried not only to tell the story when Wells wrote it, but also to the atmosphere of the time it was supposed to be: the last year of the 19th century, 1900? using Wells' initial setup in Woking and England. <br /> <br /> IMDb seems to be inappropriate for what they see as "spoilers". This may be the case for some movies where the ending may actually be a surprise, but for one of the most famous novels in the world, it seems to be a fool. I have no sympathy for people who have forgotten to read some of the works in English literature, so let's be the right chase. Aliens are destroyed by catching the Earth's disease, which they have no immunity to. If it's a spoiler, be it; After the book and 3 other movies (including the classic 1953) you should know how it ends. <br /> <br /> This film, which follows Wells plot, is also very skilfully presented? in a way that can expose many viewers because they are not aware of the late 19th or early 20th century. Though the film is filmed on a widescreen, it goes to a certain length of film to give an impression of modernity. The overall color of the skin and clothes is that of sepia, which is often found in old photographs (not black). Colors often resemble manual toning. At other times wash out the paint. These variations are typical for early films that did not use the standard cellulose stock and therefore made a lot of changes in print quality, even from black to sepia / white to blue / white to reddish / white and so on? as you can see here. Special effects have deliberately retreated, which can be seen even in the 1920s? And yet, the Mars and their machines are very similar when Wells described them and have an almost realistic "feeling". Are some effects really inconvenient? like the destruction of Big Ben. Operation is often in the style of that period. Some aspects of the Victorian dress may seem strange, especially the use of bosses or brilliantines on head and face hair. <br /> <br /> This movie is the only one that follows some of Wells' original narrative? as noted. Viewers may find it informative to note the plot details shown here, which are occasionally in other versions of the story. Wells Martians Description? a gigantic head mounted on numerous tentacles? depicted effectively. When Mars machines appear for about an hour, they also give a good impression of how Wells described them. Both Wells and this film do a great job of depicting Marsons' progress from the limited perspective of rural England? plus a couple of scenes in London (involving a narrator brother). The director cannot resist the destruction of a big landmark (Big Ben), but at least it does not live unreasonably on the destruction of London. <br /> <br /> The Marshal's victory is hardly surprising, despite the fact that some of their machines have destroyed the cannon. The narrator, who is going to escape, sees much what Wells understands as "the journey of humanity." She meets a curious who has a Victorian misery that is too expensive and nervous. They finally find themselves on the edge of the Martian nest, where they discover the terrible fact: the Marques are shown as vampires who consume their harvest in a very effective scene. Wells adds that after eating, they create a "longer and more joyful shooting". Finally, the narrator is obliged to compete more and more with a hysterical devil? who resurrect, like the Martians pull him into the camp (rejoicing at the gallery; British carats are so often surprised). <br /> <br /> This movie lasts almost 3 hours, passing the Wells story as a welcome detail. Is the time when the author got his commitment? a massive presentation based on a dramatic effect. From Behavior: Don't Wait for Award Winning Performances. They are not bad, but the actors are serious and grow on you. However, most of them have had very short film career, often only in this movie. Narrator plays hunky Anthony Piana on her 2nd film. The Curse is John Kaufman? also in his 2nd film as an actor but has had more experience. Brother ("Henderson") plays with W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. Artilleryman, the only big part, plays James Lathrop in his first film. <br /> <br /> This is generally a great film, which for the first time is a world war when Wells wrote it. Despite its small drawbacks, it is farther and farther than any of its mortgaged competitors. If you want to see the war of the worlds of H. G. Wells? and not a completely distorted version? watch this movie!
