Imagine you had something you wanted wherever you wanted, be something you ever dreamed of - through thought alone. Now imagine sharing this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Would such powers be worthy of your soul? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in The Cage, which is the original Star Trek series of the legendary pilot episode. Known as NBC brass "too violent" and "too cold", and "The Cage" was, however, the most ambitious and costly pilot ever made in the history of the network, and Gene Roddenberry did not want everyone to waste their efforts and expenditures, resulting in is the truly classic episode of Star Trek, which confirms the story of The Cage, which deepens and broadens the emotional and philosophical depth of this haunting story, a landmark in TV history and one of the first truly serious sci-fi stories ever filmed for a small screen ... Star Date 3012: USS Enterprise redirects to Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock receives an urgent message from a former corporate commander. Surprisingly, the message cannot be after Captain Pike because he is now confined in a wheelchair, muted and terribly disturbed after a tragic accident. Commodore Mendez, the commander of Kirk and Starbase, is trying to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before the matter is resolved, Spock - for unknown reasons - undertakes to open up the rebellion, robbing the helpless Captain Pike and robbing the company of a well thought-out and timed plan supported by some Vulcan nerves. . Soon the company will be transferred to Talos IV, a far-off, forbidden planet. Mendez tells Kirk that Talos IV is forbidden, and Starfleet's ships or personnel's contact with the planet is an immediate death sentence, which means that Spock appears to have deliberately destroyed himself and Kirk, given that the captain is responsible for the ship's activities. Dear, Kirk and Mendez are looking for shuttlecraft, which in itself becomes dangerous if a company refuses to answer their calls or crafts until power and oxygen are almost gone. Of course, Spock, knowing Kirk must be the one that follows the ship, is of course unable to send the captain a certain death. After ordering and boarding, Spock shows what he has done to McCoy and has demanded arrest after he has set an irrevocable course for Talos IV. By rediscovering the command, Kirk requires an explanation, after which Spock seeks an anti-court strike by Starfleet's chief officers on board three - Mendez, Kirk, and a corrupted captain Pike. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of Starfleet's rules allows him to manipulate the Tribunal, allowing him to provide otherwise unacceptable evidence. Spock presents the only contact video files that have ever been made between the Federation and the Talos IV residents - a journey that was taken 13 years ago by the company itself under Pike's command. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video because of the extreme details, but the reality of the depicted events is confirmed by Pike himself, who proves to Talos IV to be attracted by the allegedly survivors of the Federation studies. a ship that fell there 18 years ago. Among the survivors is Vina, the stunning beauty that was born just before the disaster. Pike has attracted the girl and allows her to attract her to an isolated place, after which she has been robbed and busy by the Talos, and with the enormous cranial capability, and the ability to transform thoughts into virtual reality. After Pike's capture, the rest of the "survivors" disappear because none of them actually exist after Vina. The episode ends when the Arbitral Tribunal becomes aware that Spock's "evidence" will be transmitted directly to Talos IV, in violation of Starfleet's rules. Starfleet orders immediate suspension of transmissions and we do not know what will happen next ... Continued in "The Menagerie: Part II"!
