Menagerie Parts 1 and 2 were the only 2 participants in the 3-year period of the original Trek series, due to Roddenberry being able to add the "First Cage" pilot. The movement was indispensable to overcome the time constraints that arose in the preparation of episodes (for example, in the 1960s, the sf show was tempted to do so in time). One positive result was that nearly a couple of years ago, an unidentified audience was treated with a brand new team for the two episodes and a captain with a master, as if the producers had spent double the money for these episodes to present a TV epic that extends over ten years to Starfleet history (although they still used concepts such as "United Space Fleet" during this early episode). <br /> <br /> The surrounding story begins with space mystery plot: For unknown reasons, the company will be directed to Starbase 11 and Spock will soon be suspected of being in these Shenanigans. Amazingly, even though McCoy believes that Spock's Vulcan legacy makes it a part of his inability, it turns out that Spock is working in Shanghai with our precious stellar and robbing his former captain, Pike, who is now terribly exhausted. Well, Spock is half the human, we forget. Or has he just gone crazy? It may be very good because it manages the company to Talos IV, a planet so limited that it is the only known death sentence for Starfleet's books. When the trap has grown up, Spock has a big scene that will give up flabberged McCoy because Uhura is waiting for the shock. Even Kirk, who is usually a master, does not know what to do about his illogical behavior of his first officer. <br /> <br /> In the third and final act, we begin to see the transmitted images of the Company for 13 years before Captain Pike ordered and Spock was one of his officers. We really do not know where it all goes and what Spock hopes to achieve - and this is another thing that makes it a very good 2-parter - we really need to find out what it is in Part 2. Not only does Spock have serious penalties, but it seems that Kirk's career may have ended. Dual threat, people. It is also the first television episode that includes one of these shuttlecraft (none of them in the "The Enemy Within" earlier, when the craft was really needed). There's also one of those pure matt paintings to convey the atmosphere of a futuristic strait - the only way to visualize such things. Finally, check out the episode at the beginning of the Church's Secret Approach - the boy, whether things go to him when the story progresses.
