Heldeke. Another example of "Oireland" and religion. There is no doubt that we will see some depressing troubles with some "hunky and macho freedom fighters" from the IRA. Well, that was my initial reaction when the credit started, but just over half an hour later I was in shock. What a great movie <br /> <br /> The story begins on the day of the wedding of Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a small problem because they get married in the Catholic Church and this is Sheila Protestant, but in order for the wedding to happen, Sheila promises her children to be Catholic and attend a Catholic school if they are old enough. The story - set in the 1950s - then jumps for a few years when Cloney's daughter starts school, but Sheila has decided that they will go to the local Protestant school for a lot of disgust at the local priest Stafford. Expanding these things <br /> <br /> Let me put my cards on the table and note that, despite the legacy of both the Irish Catholic and Scottish Protestants, I brought it up as an agnostic and considered myself an atheist throughout my adult life. In fact, when it comes to religion, I consider myself to be a Marxist, and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people. LOVE DIVIDED shows what happens when the moral caregivers of themselves take on themselves to tell other people what to think and believe. Can I say that if Karl Marx saw this movie, he would love it and call it masterpieces? Maybe I shouldn't be based on the story of what happens when other people think about you, <br /> <br /> in response to that couple of reviewers who have claimed that this movie is the worst kind of propaganda I don't claim that you know exactly what happened in Wexford County, and you cannot deny that Father Stafford and his Catholic sheep have been bad guys but Sheila is not innocent. Think of a woman in rural areas in the 1950s. Ireland, committed to bringing its children up when Catholics change their minds, and believes that it will have no consequences? It is a warning against taking and keeping promises. Not only that, but it disappears to let other people get their pieces of broken life. There is also something that no one else has picked up, and that is that the only moral character is the former IRA man Andy Bailey, who has shown that he is not real because he was a former IRA member. We are not talking about evil here, but simply because he is an atheist who has decided to think for himself. <br /> <br /> LOVE DIVIDED is a great movie that has a lot to say, everything I agree with. If there is some criticism, it seems to be more like a TVM than a cinema film, but believe me that I can live with it, and that is important for anyone who believes that religion is the opium of the masses
