I can never surprise and frighten the evil that has been predicted in the history of the world for the sake of religion, and it seems that the mechanisms of the twentieth century Irish Catholic Church are upright - considering that the wisdom of history and modern time should have had a somewhat mitigating effect. At the beginning of the film, we offer a view of the Bucolic life in a small Irish village where Sheila and Sean Cloney are happily married with two small children. Sean is Catholic, and Sheila is Protestant, but she has no effect when their children are raised Catholic. There is no anger between the Catholics and the Protestants in the village. Peaceful and loving relationships will soon break when Sheila expresses a desire for their older child to attend a Protestant school. The local priest takes this "sin" to forbid himself, and soon Sheila's wife and the village's entire Catholic population against him, as well as his father, the local milk producer. In fear and despair Sheila robs her two daughters and escapes from the area. <br /> <br /> Special attention should be paid to Orla Brady, who plays Sheila. He gives a very strong performance in which the viewer is led into an emotional trauma, in which he decides to reject a man's desires, which he loves deeply, to express his eager desire to establish himself as independent of the company's pressures. On an equal footing, Liam Cunningham is playing Sea, because he gives a realistic portrait of a man who is not nearly as complicated as his wife, who is torn between his love and the influence of church and community. <br /> <br /> Fiction, this movie would have been a convincing and interesting drama. Given that this is true, it becomes a terrible tragedy. In real life, people and the village could never fully recover from the events there. For almost half a century, the Church had a negative role in the events, and although Sheila and Sean lived their lives in the area, they never fully recovered from what religious leaders and their compatriots did to them. <br /> <br /> Whether prohibiting the fundamental rights of choice, buildings tending, women surrendering, denouncing all races or simply torture and murder, we certainly have the opportunity to use religion as a powerful negative force in our society.
