This would require Shakespeare's beauty and fiction to make this outstanding cinematographic performance right. Nonetheless, I will go. <br /> <br /> With Hamlet customizations, it is already a better starting point than all other versions, as it includes the entire game. However, it does not guarantee a premium movie or even a good one. Usually I don't have a lot of movies that are too long, and the trend in Hollywood today that films should be at least two hours, preferably three, is what I hope will not last long. Few stories are strong enough to withstand such extensive research and could make some cuts. Making a four-hour movie and keeping it interesting is not a small business, but Kenneth Branagh pulls it out with flying colors. He's been able to make a very long movie that doesn't look like any medium movie. I was completely finished from the start. <br /> <br /> An excellent Kenneth Branagh cast himself as a tortured prince, delivering strong and memorable performance. He manages to pass on his feelings through his voice and one does not have to be an expert on the Shakespeare verse to catch the many emotions he has. I have to say that Kate Winslet was a positive surprise. I didn't know what to expect. I've always liked her as an actor, but she wasn't sure she could play Shakespeare. Well, he definitely destroyed all his doubts. She is the best Ophelia I have seen and given to this depth of character and was just wonderful. Other great performances are Derek Jacobi as Claudius, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio to name just a few. I liked the fact that Branagh used some of the most famous stars in some minor role; I especially enjoyed sparring between Hamlet and Billy Crystals gravediger. <br /> <br /> Setting up a 19th-century gaming table gives a welcome change from the usual gloomy Gothic settings. It is generally much easier than others I have seen, more colorful and richer, but it does not interfere with the tragedy of the game. It is an extraordinary, stylish and aesthetic, sure joy for the eyes and other minds. Patrick Doyle's music is always magical as well as film-based. After seeing it, you can only feel deep satisfaction. I am shocked and astonished that this exquisite work of art did not win the Academy Award for the best picture, all the more that it was not even nominated. There was no better film this year or the second year of this year. It's as close to perfection as you hope. <br /> <br /> All in all, the pure genius is a stunning job and I don't see how anyone could do it. My hat is for you, Mr. Branagh.
