Many people do not believe that Branaghi Hamlet's film is so good, but I have to admit it is great. Like almost all of Shakespeare's products, it has problems and has had to make difficult choices, not all of which work. For example, the "secret door everywhere" thing just doesn't work. This element never reaches a malicious metaphor or analogy that it tries to do, which results in the game being too devastating and losing a thousand mysteries. This is the biggest problem with this production. And while it is great, I also want to say that this is the only problem. Almost everything else works perfectly beautifully. Okay, so Branagh is too old for the title role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a little forced. And he gets too hysterical from time to time. But that's it. No other complaints. Even with these mistakes, I think this version is original and if it is not as powerful a drama as it should be, it's a literary work that should be equally. We get the full text of the longest version of the game, which has brought the screen in an innovative and costly way, mostly in perfect and modern and very understandable voices - even if they sometimes speak too quickly to get massive text over. But in Shakespeare's production, it is simply not possible to speak slowly enough for the audience to really appreciate the depth of the whole language. To do this, you need to get into the game print versions. <br /> <br /> All players in this version are just mesmerizing and completely and instantly classic (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie Gertrude is definitely one of the best, and even American actors are amazing. Charlton Heston as the King of the King - Who Would Have thought of it? (The story goes around Heston playing Hamlet on stage, and if the first-line critic could not do his hammy and say, "It's terrible!", Heston argues immediately on the stage: "Well, I didn't write this mess!" it may not be true, but it's a funny story - and if it's true, Branagh's bold and ironic choice to add Heston here.) Robin Williams is "Young Ozric." maybe not enough for this part, but it does make it comical which is justified. <br /> <br /> Generally, this is a very well-produced version, where most of the important scenes in my opinion are extremely memorable. Of course, I was watching this movie just as I started to be interested in Shakespeare (and about the same time as Luhmann's amazing Romeo + Julia), and it made me feel a big impression that must take some of my love for it. All the things that need to be considered, I have to say, is Branaghi Hamlet, my favorite, near Derek Jacobi's 1980 BBC version. I probably like Branaghi Shakespeare more than most, finding him an expert translator and popularizer who has an attractive random attitude to words and a deep and appropriately and disgracefully enthusiastic sense of text. In the Shakespeare world, two of the brightest lights remain, Olivier and Branagh, and Olivier is a higher actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare off the snobber and artifice pedestal and makes it a passionate, simple and populist world, threatening none of his dignity. I believe Branagh brings out the more real Shakespeare than the world has seen. <br /> <br /> And so, out of 10 out of 10 absolutely huge Hamlet.
