When I first read Hamlet, I couldn't think of the end of OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE, where Bette Midler is playing because she is indecisive, and says, "Give me Romeo every day." Five men trying to decide whether to kill their uncle or not? It seemed to me superfluous. But in further reading, I grew up to really appreciate the game. I've seen versions of the Olivier and Gibson movie (and part of the Nicol Williamson version) and they all take their model from Olivier; melancholic Dane. Olivier at least did it without self-esteem, but Gibson and what I saw Williamson looked like they went "Look, I, I'm acting! I act!" in school. <br /> <br /> There is now a Kenneth Branagh version that's breathtaking from start to finish. It finished # 2 in my top ten in 1996 (behind ENGLISH PATIENT and LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES, everyone says I love you, I touch effortlessly, big night and look at RICHARD), and that's the best Hamlet and maybe the best Shakespeare put on the film. It is clear that Branagh's talent as a filmmaker, a full-length version of a 70mm print and four hours of losing his interests, is what seems to be neglecting his role in the film's discussions. It was my favorite year of success. Branagh avoids the melodrama that the actors seem to have grabbed while playing Hamlet as a normal and normal human being and makes us understand our actions and feelings at every step of the way. And unlike Olivier, who mainly relied on his voice, Branagh uses his entire body to show Hamlet's thoughtful emotion selection, but as he plays him normal, none seems to chew on landscapes. <br /> <br The rest is top-notch. I didn't even think of Jack Lemmon, although I agree he was the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising fire came from Charlton Heston; I have always found that he is rigid, but he is like a king of toys. Another big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I'd find him the first one wrong, but he was his usual funny self while being characteristic. All in all, it's a brilliant film!
