It was the second "Hamlets" filmed in the twenties, the first being Franco Zeffirell, starring Mel Gibson, since 1990. The version of Zeffirell, like Laurence Olivier from 1948, was based on an abbreviated version with many Shakespeare-cut original text. (I've never seen Tony Richardson's 1969 version, but since it lasted less than two hours, shorter even than Zeffirelli, I assume it was also shortened). Kenneth Branagh tried something much more ambitious - a movie based on the entire text of the game and lasting about four hours. <br /> <br /> With his "Henry V", Branagh Olivier was crowned by the leading Shakespeare of Cinema, confirming his claim to his brilliant "Much Ado about Nothing", a rare example of a great movie based on Shakespeare's comedy . "Hamlet" was his third Shakespeare film director (he also acted as Iago Oliver Parker's 1995 "Othellos") and, as you might think, this is a very different "lot of Ado?". Earlier film in the Tuscan hills and beautiful countryside villas is a cheerful, summer movie about everything that makes life valuable. <br /> <br /> Hamlet, on the other hand, has set the depths for the winter. (The flowers in the description of Ophelia's death indicate that Shakespeare himself was thinking about summer activities). The look of the film is particularly striking, as gorgeous as it is. It was filmed in the Blenheim Palace, perhaps the largest home in England, but also quite prohibitive. Snowy outer scene is cold and wintery; internal are formal and complex. Activities have been renewed until the mid-19th century; female characters wear the sophisticated fashions of this era, while the main males usually wear great military uniforms. (Here is the contrast of Zeffirell's film, where both interiors and costumes were deliberately tinted). The game is dominated by pictures of corruption and decay; Branagh's intention could have been in contrast to the excellent surface and the underlying "something in a rotten Danish state". <br /> <br /> The film is a remarkable number of big-name actors, some of them very well smaller roles. (Blink, and you can stay with John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). Obviously, a manufacturing company that was nervous about a four-hour movie was all-star cast. Some imported Hollywood stars, such as Robin Williams' Osric, didn't really come out, but others, such as Charlton Heston's King or Billy Crystal's first Gravedigger, played their parts very well. Yorick, usually seen as a skull, is here to see what British comedian Ken Dodd is playing. Brian Blessed, who often plays a peculiar character, is dismissed as Ghost, and makes scenes where he appears to be really scary. <br /> <br /> The main characters were perhaps the weakest Kate Winslet Ophelia. Branagh's leading woman in her first two Shakespeare films was her husband Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in 1995 with divorce. Though Winslet came to her in Ophelia's crazy scene, she seemed to be in weak spots in the past, where her character is still healthy. (I preferred Helen Bonham Carter in the Zeffirell version). Richard Briers plays Polonius with greater dignity than a frequent, wise and experienced adviser, not an old old fool. Julie Christie also brings Gertrude's role with dignity; there is no experiment here, as in the Zeffirell version, Gibson and Glenn Close suggested bleeding between him and Hamlet. (An interpretation that owes more to Freud than to Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Branaghi is large enough to be reliable for her mother and son, which was certainly not the case with both Close and Gibson. (Olivier Gertrude, Eileen Herlie was odd, thirteen years younger than him). <br /> <br /> Branagh stated that his intention to restore those films, often cut in cinematographic versions, was to "reinforce the idea of ​​playing both domestic and domestic tragedies." Much emphasis is placed on the war against the Norwegian and Norwegian Prince Fortinbras. - a sub-block completely ignored by Zeffirelli. This emphasis on the national tragedy is probably best seen in the character of Claudius, sometimes played in one-dimensional. There is something in Derek Jacob's presentation that suggests that Claudius could have been a good man in different situations, but that he promised to be misled by ambition and lust. He could have been a good and loyal servant to his brother, but decided to rule as a bad king. Although he is tortured, he does not see in any way how to change his evil. <br /> <br /> Branagh, a strange speaker of Shakespeare's verse, is of great importance. Like Gibson, he has little time to determine Hamlet's old concept if it is indecisive, passive and melancholic. He is an active, physical, energetic hamlet, something best shown on his Laertes accompanying his death. His guiding principle is not the tired world of the world, but an active disgust with evil and corruption. <br /> <br /> Branagh had managed to make a four-hour epic and the movie didn't work well in the box office. But many critics praised it, James Berardinelli is particularly enthusiastic. My opinion is that regardless of the financial income, Branagh's gambling would have been paid for artificially. Focusing on full text, he was able to point out the full meaning and complete emotional power of Shakespeare's most challenging game. When I looked through his "Much Ado?", I said it was the biggest film ever in Shakespeare's comedy. His "Hamlet" may just be the greatest film ever of the Shakespeare tragedy. 10/10
