The image of the film halls, which is financially managed, is not creatively true (in fact it is true as false). This raises the question of why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create a full, uncut version of "Hamlet" with complete creative control. Of course, Branagh had to accept some concessions (star-studs and a 2.5-hour version for wider release), but why should the film studio allow Branagh to spend money on the 4-hour version they knew they would see a few? Would they have had enough respect for the material and Branagh's vision at least in this case to create just a few people? This is not the question I can answer. For whatever reason, this is a brilliant vision for those who are willing to spend four hours looking at "Hamlet". Everyone knows this story so I don't spend much time on it. Unlike other performance productions, the performance is a completely uncut production that has never been done before. Some say that Shakespeare never foresaw that the play should be uncut, leaving a decision on what the director should decide. That said, I have no doubt that if he had seen it, Bard Branagh would have been happy with his production. <br /> <br /> The film is heavy with movie stars, although most of them are just a few parts. Everyone plays their parts equally well. I would have thought that Branagh was too old to play the part of Hamlet, and although he may still be, his presentation would do more. Hamlet is a complicated part that shows every emotion from grief to anger, madness and everything. Branagh laughed at it. Derek Jacobi is as fantastic as the clever Claudius, whose deception and betrayal make all these things move; his unique voice is ideal for this role. Julie Christie is also very good when Gertrude, Hamlet's caring mother, doesn't understand what's going on until the end of the game. <br /> <br /> Classical actors are cast in sections (Judi Dench has 60 seconds for everyone and they have no lines), but at least they are. Surprisingly, no one takes it to the heart; everyone gives it everything and it shows. Special attention should be paid to Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who are excellent. Robin Williams is a bit too silly, but he's not bad (his part is still quite small). <br /> <br /> But this is undoubtedly the Branagh show. He adapted one of the most famous historical events and made it a project whale; it is impressive that he was able to do this, but the fact that the film is good is a monumental achievement. What I really love about this movie is that you don't have to be a Shakespeare scientist to enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is difficult to digest, but Branagh and his cast understand it. "Hamlet" is still extremely enjoyable to just sit down and listen to the great dialogue and excellent action of the actors. <br /> <br /> It must be visible to everyone and everyone. It can be four hours long, but it's definitely worth it.
