First, what I didn't like. Operation was not really Hamlet standard. Branagh was really up, doing a lot of shouting. In my opinion, those participants who were not celebrities with great names generally did a better job; although I except Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And also Charlton Heston, but I wasn't sure if he was playing during hacking.) Many of the ambiguities in the game were clearly resolved in one setback. <br /> <br /> What I think is great about this game is that it is available. Today, most people find it difficult to understand Shakespeare; many people don't even want to try because its reputation is serious literature and its archaic English. When they see this movie, they clearly understand at least one man's interpretation. They see it more than Shakespeare's viewers saw it: a game of swords and battles and mighty kings and nobles, murders and incest, evil schemes and ghosts - and great art when it cares to look for it, but most of Shakespeare's day it was no more than most people are doing now. Branagh's exaggerated effort and his compulsion of his reader's interpretation may harm Shakespeare's art, but it is better that modern viewers get it, nothing. <br /> <br /> I have one more thing to say. Some people complain that "it's 19th century and it wasn't Shakespeare's time". Well, from Shakespeare's time, their costume and landscape were their days for their games. Shakespeare may have SAID that it is in historic Rome or medieval Denmark or elsewhere, but he did not dress his symbols as they were, he used his time costumes. For the same reason, his games are full of anachronism. For example, King John is a cannon in English and French - Robin Hood's Day. In Julius Caesar they talk about chimneys that would not have been invented for another thousand years, and Henry IV speaks of Machiavelli who was not yet born. So I think this objection is foolish - you can also complain that the game is not in Danish (after they live in Denmark, isn't it?).
