Still being at school and having to study Shakespeare for almost the last four years (which is very widespread for every writer, no matter how good), I really did not expect to enjoy this movie when my English teacher put it on; I thought it would be a typical English lesson: bad behavior, terribly photographed, poorly edited and terrible, terrible old dialogue, so as you can say, I was all ready to go to the coma. But I looked and because of my disorder I found myself not only for the attention, but also for the movie. This Hamlet production is probably one of the best drama films I've seen for a long time - and it really brings the life I hope Shakespeare wanted his games to be (well, different from being a cinema) much better than my English teacher Anyone who weighs the text can never be. The story is good, the dialogue seems to flow under unexpected grace, which is far from boring (though a bit difficult to keep up with if you are not accustomed to Shakespeare's language) and even the smallest parts are made with the skills you wouldn't want to expect; Mostly maybe thanks to the amazing number of this movie. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as big as you think these two veterans would be even in such small parts, but Robin Williams is Osric and Billy Crystal as Gravedigger, who really seem to be giving such smaller parts an unexpected fear. , it also offers tragedy in the midst of comic relief. <br /> <br /> Of course, the main stars are wonderful. Kenneth Branagh stands out as Hamlet, bringing not only the confusion and the pain that is needed on the roll, but also the kind of sardonic air that plays beautifully comic scenes, making the film a whole lot more guardable. Other big players are also good, but Kenneth Branagh, who stands above his head and shoulders, is in the title. <br /> <br /> The set pieces are often quite stunning, giving a refreshing change to the danky old castle corridors that we are used to see in Shakespeare's productions, as well as the real feeling of the country around them. <br /> <br /> Of course, a movie that is independent as a film is not without errors, but not bigger (the pace is the only real problem I mean offhand, as well as prose to anyone who isn't used to it, as I said, Shakespeare language), and especially compared to the sort of Shakespeare productions I am used to seeing in class, it's really very brilliant. It even made me reconsider my previous typical teenage attitude to Shakespeare that his games are boring (I came to the conclusion that not the games that are boring, but the teachers who tell them in the classroom). If only they did all their games in movies like this, maybe everywhere the English students had a higher opinion than Bard. <br /> <br /> Overall, 7/10
