What ambitious project Kenneth Branagh took here and how well it was realized! This is the first Hamlet filmed version to use the whole text of Shakespeare, but Branagh didn't do it just because "it was there." I believe his intention was to make the game accessible and understandable to the general viewer without being so stupid. In return, he asks the viewers to do a little work, a right enough proposal, and what is favorable. <br /> <br /> It is a common 19th-century European and it does more than a good job of a modern or ancient look that can create the work itself. Production project and cinematography, both outstanding, which will help you watch a huge four-hour movie. Branagh's casting is once again inspired and functioning is also. Direction makes it difficult to make a movie, not the usual version of the game. Since so many Hamlets are based on the interior monologue and there are relatively few duel, battles, etc., this can be a daunting task. But everything Branagh tries to do seems to be working. <br /> <br /> Branagh has always been one of the most interesting actors / writers / directors, if not always the best, because he made his big splash with Henry V. 'One of the commandments I had with him was what I saw as a tendency to give in. Here he can be blamed for portraying the hamlet, but there is a method at work. To be honest, "Hamlet" is not the average person who understands, and if no one has seen it before, it needs help even when they have read the game. Hamlet has the most Shakespearian character and Branagh ensures that his viewers know what that person thinks and feels in the whole movie, even if you don't know the literal meaning of every word you understand. This Branagh performance was at least worthy of the Oscar candidate. <br /> <br /> There are so many other outstanding performances that they mention almost too much, but some of them have to be recognized. Derek Jacobi as Claudius is great but even takes backrest for Kate Winslet when it comes to giving praise. His image of Ophelia is fantastic in terms of depth, making it more prominent, knowing that he was only about 20 years old at that time! She sees me as the best young actress. Other super-organizers are not in any order Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney and Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall Guildenstern and Rosencrantz. A remarkable note goes to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Williams who are able to do their thing here successfully. Even Billy Crystal is a graveigger. One cast member who is not inexplicable is Jack Lemmon. In his opening scene, he appears, and when the other three actors make a strenuous mood, Lemmon makes a sound that he just runs in the rehearsals. You know that this must be a real dilemma for Branagh, because all the other films are screaming that it's a perfectionist's job. <br /> <br /> Talking about a non-square film is terrible, but it just seems too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to go a little bit when I'm so brave and somewhat reasonable pruning would be appreciated. <br /> <br /> Did I forget anything other than Patrick Doyle's score? No doubt I did. All in all, Kenneth Branagh may have made Hamlet the final version of the movie and this is a truly monumental production that is on it.
