Moonchild is very difficult to categorize the movie. It's easiest to think of as a snapshot of two central characters. The fact that these characters are members of a street gangli in a multicultural city in the near future and one of them is a vampire does not exclude that they have moments like any other person, and this is one place where this film is different from what I am never heard of. It does not coincide with the fact that one of the main characters is a vampire, it is just something that has to be treated as any other problem. The way the characters interact is surprisingly realistic - there are embarrassing relatives and tricks that are meant to cool down, just not working, which leaves the movie in the cute sense that it doesn't take it too seriously. > <br /> Another area that looked very good for me is languages. Mallepa's fictional city contains a variety of cultural groups and characters speak the language they should speak. Japanese gang members speak Japanese to each other, but Chinese when they speak Chinese characters. Perhaps the most amusing change is Australia and takes place in English. The actors of the four allegedly main characters are three separate mother tongues and speak different levels of each other's languages, so it's pretty nice that the film was made at all. What, I think, brings me to leading parties. <br /> <br /> Much has been done to make the movie starring two of Japan's biggest rock stars, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwan's superstar Lee-hom Wang, whether they praise them for their action or criticism, or just for them. I think Lee-hom is the best and straight line. However, the lack of Gackt's partial lack of ability is usually hidden by the fact that his character is prone to being too dramatic. I wasn't sure if Hyde's character should have been as dirty and sarcastic as she arrived, but that in no way diminishes the film. <br /> <br /> There are several scenes that take a rather melodramatic turn that made it harder for them to influence me much (although it doesn't seem to be a lot of people). I found it best to just enjoy a movie about what it is, and don't take it too seriously - it's ideal for going out with a group of friends. It has its drawbacks, but in general it was very enjoyable and I would recommend it to anyone who doesn't know some subtitles.
