Horror Gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than enough reasons for every genre-lover to watch a movie, and while the most convincing is that they are not the only reason to watch this little Sci-Fi / Horror pearl. While the 1936 Lambert Hillyer "The Invisible Ray" does not share the contemporary movies of almost other Karloff (Frankenstein, Frankenstein, Bride Of Frankenstein, The Mummy, ...) or Lugos ("White Zombie"). The Lost Soul Island, "Dracula", ...) or Both ("The Black Cat", "Raven", ...), This is undoubtedly a very fun movie that no cult cinema lover should consider Compared to other Universal Horror images , the story looks a bit stupid, but pleasantly, Karloff and Lugosi, of course, look like always, and the film also benefits from great landscapes and great photography. Stylish scientist Janos Rukh, who has invented a technique to explore the past with a telescope, and explains that the meteor is hit the ground for thousands of years ago Lugosi) invites him to join an expedition to find a meteor, Rukh is making a discovery that is capable of generating great prosperity and great destruction ... It is somewhat strange that Karloff, who was actually British, plays here in Hungary Scientist from Hungary, while Hungarian-born Lugosi plays a French scientist, but they are both excellent as usual. It seems to me that these two Horror Deities could probably have been filmed in the phone directory gedes and i'm sure they would have done something about it - each person is an icon of the Horror genre, and meeting them is a treat for any fan of the genre. By the way, this is one of the few films, if not the only one where it is clear that Lugosi was actually higher than Karloff. Frances Drake is a very good female leader in the role of Rukhi's beautiful younger woman. The rest of the performances are also good, if not worth noting. In addition to casting Karloff and Lugos, the film's greatest features are probably amazing settings and photography, as well as a great cheesy and very fun story. My main complaint is that I would have liked more time for Lugos and that his role would be slightly higher. He's fantastic, as always, but his role could have been bigger and more exhausting. Otherwise, The Invisible Ray is an excellent entertaining film that should satisfy all classical Horror / Sci-Fi movie lovers and all their fellow citizens for the Lugos / Karloff fans.
