Ned Kelly's story is a hidden myth and exaggeration out of time, and this movie is no exception. What makes Ned Kelly a permanent place in history is the effort he has made to fight even the police who are hunting him. During several battles, he drove the beaten iron trays that would not bounce the bullets available to the police at that time. Indeed, only because there were a couple of shining sparks among the Victorian police who noticed that he hadn't grabbed his feet and hanged. The story has been taught in Australian schools and history so long that the story has become ironic. The more you try to portray Kelly as an inhuman or supernatural monster, the less people pay attention. <br /> <br /> What is where our sunshine adaptation, the Kelly legend, stands out? Instead of trying to portray Ned Kelly, who is as unknown as the armor he wore, the film quickly creates him as a human. Indeed, the reversal of the popular legend, which shows Victorian police corruption and the colonial situation of the colonists, goes a long way in distinguishing this film from the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is just a person who lives in a time and place where, in order to be murdered, the policeman had to be the closest person to the body. No, I don't. The only area where films are wrong is the exaggeration of Irish and English mentality. Although Kelly Gang was clearly in Ireland, Australia has long been a place where naturally diverse nationalities are intertwined (some Chinese migrants show it). <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does amazing work on Australia's most notorious laws. Only thanks to the fame he has found in other films that the audience is aware of, they watch Ledger and not Kelly. Orlando Bloom has finally found a role where he does not see his bow completely lost, and Geoffrey Rush's appearance as Glenrowan police control leader shows why he is one of the most respectable actors in this destructive small island. But this is Naomi Watts, who appears as Julia Cook, who can get a little descent in this movie. Although the film basically means that Cook was essentially a woman in Ned Kelly's life, but you don't know the minimum time she'll get here. Indeed, many films in hundreds and ten minutes are more freeze-dried than exploratory. If the police corruption element is indeed proven, the rockets are filming so slowly that it almost seems to hurry. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the film's strengths are not capitalized. Rush can hardly get more time than his name in opening and closing credits. Wads, and the rest of the cast breaks little like mannequins. I can only conclude that another 15 or even thirty minutes of material could have been identified. However, this leads to another problem because the absence of any depth or background for other characters than the title hero leaves the events of the story with zero effect. One scene can make the call work well, but unfortunately it all becomes a collage of moments that have not been intertwined after a while. If we had to believe the impression that this film was producing, it would take a few weeks, even days, for Ned Kelly to become a deliberate person, according to one corrupt police and the infamous shootout in Glenrowan. Nervously, Ned Kelly does not even see the trial and execution here, which is simply referred to in the subtitles before the credits roll. <br /> <br /> This means that, aside from the somewhat shaky camera work, Ned Kelly controls exciting shootouts and has a good start. For this reason, I rated it out of seven out of ten. Other critics are not so kind, so if you have not impressed the shootouts with unusual elements (and what could be more unusual for the colonial shootout than the whole body armor?), It may be better to look elsewhere. Especially if you want more facts about Ned Kelly's life.
