Okay, tell the people who put together these horror legends about DVD collections: I'm really grateful and I support this initiative very much, but ?? have you even selected movies as part of a collection? When buying Boris Karloff's collection, there were several films in which the star played only a supporting and irrelevant role ("The London Tower", "The Strange Door"). "The Invisible Ray" is, however, part of the Bela Lugos collection and here is Boris Karloff, who overshadows Bela! This would actually be a great title for Boris Karloff's collection! The character of Bela Lugos is probably the most good-natured and serious that she once portrayed throughout her career, and a good old Karloff plays a mad and dangerously embedded scientist here. "Invisible Ray" contains three main chapters. First dr. Janos Rukhi in the Carpathian Castle is quite boring and requires quite a lot of viewer patience, but of course the drawings and theme of this character are still the rest of the film. Dr Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates to a couple of eminent colleagues (including Bela Lugos as Dr. Benet) how he managed to capture extraterrestrial radiation inside the device he made. Scientists have sincerely impressed their work and call Rukh and his dear wife Dianet in the heart of Africa for an expedition. Seal Dr. Rukh isolates himself from the group, discovers the important element "Radium X" to stop his medical radiation, and is completely exposed to the meteor. The third and final act is obviously the best and most terrible because it turns to good old-fashioned killing with brilliant tricks (melting statues) and a surprising climax. Karloff is burning in the dark and convinced that others are in order to steal his discovery and even his life, he is going to eliminate them by deadly touch. The "Invisible Ray" narrative structure sounds rather complicated, but the movie is easy to track and entertain. The story is quite far away, but despite Lambert Hillyer's being forced and guided, he offers several moments. Boris Karloff is really fantastic and so is Lugosi, although he deserves a little more screen time. Their scenes consist of movie highlights with glowing Boris pictures.
