Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi made many films, but in general (interesting) Karloff is usually the better man of these two people. The real exception is the "Black Cat" (1934), where Karloff plays the evil head of the evil cult and Lugosi is seeking revenge for the destruction of his life. But the more common is the "black Friday", where (regardless of his motive), Karloff tries to improve brain surgery, while Lugosi is a murderous thug. In "Raven" Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who blackmails Karloff to help his evil plans until Karloff finally has had enough. Rarely are both of these negative characters completely. "The Body Snatcher" kills Karloff Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to extort him. One exception, both of which are extremely sympathetic, but in a cross-cutting sense, is the 1936 film, which I rarely feel that the audience has accepted any of the other films mentioned. In this, Karloff, Dr. Janos Rukh, is a hard scientific genius, "an official scientific community" disappointed with his theory that a rare Radium form in Nigeria is a meteorite that landed centuries ago. Finally, he has received a well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife, Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bond), and has another scientist, a Frenchman, called Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi), Rukhi's young wife Diane (Frances Drake) and friend and protegée Stevenses named Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). Before they leave, her mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) warns Rukh that she may be looking for wisdom that she should not and may end up with a tragedy. He tries to reject it, but he is worried about what he says, his scientific status and whether he gets his credit. <br /> <br /> He will be a disaster. He finds the substance but is infected with this significant radioactivity. He thinks he is burning slowly and when he tries to touch people or animals they die. In fact, he has built a friendship or understanding with Benet, who thinks Rukhi is in danger of curbing some type of radioactive combat cocktail. But here are the two best versions. An antidote can only last for a certain period of time and needs to be supplemented. And radioactivity has affected Rukhi's brain. He is increasingly envious of Diane's friendship with Ronald (unfortunately, Sir Francis and Lady Arabella encouraged him) and he is equally upset that (because he needs to die, the consequences of radioactivity are such). others collect the wonders that Radium X gives to humans. Soon Rukhil will be a murderous rampage that will destroy many lives and end with his own. <br /> <br /> Film is indeed against science. Madame Curie recently died of cancer she could work with Radium. Few understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but some thought came out of it. The wave of Rukhi's murders causes newspapers to talk to the expedition about "curse". Of course, we have been thinking of the "damn" expedition (on the African continent) for the hidden treasure buried centuries ago, funded by an Englishman, we have arrived at archaeology not in physics or geology (browsing Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to solve the cause of deaths and returns to the idea that was actually demolished in 1888 in England. During the Whitechapel murders, Sir Charles Warren ordered the retina of several dead victims to see if the last image of the retina was Jack Ripper. It turned out that he only got photographs of the retina of dead prostitutes. But the idea didn't die. Jules Verne used it in his novel "Brothers Kip" in 1899 and here Dr. Dr Benet uses it. Because it is a science fiction story, he finds Rukhi's picture on the disc, but Benet falls randomly and breaks. <br /> <br /> For many reasons, the film is good, most interesting, because the change of Karloff and Lugosi is not unreasonable. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this story that is missing from their other films. Other performances are also good, especially for Mrs Kemble Cooper. He is best remembered as a scary sister of Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) at "David Copperfield". Here, his final act is the only way to put an end to this tragedy, and who can say that he does not hurt him more than his goal.
