There is no doubt that in the 1930s, the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugos were excellent in the fears of brilliant results. After he was Universal's first "monster" in the "Dracula" seed sample, Bela Lugos became the main horror of the chorea thanks to his elegant style and his external power (unfortunately, this last factor also brought him into the 40's type nameplate). Similarly, Boris Karloff's performance in James Whale's "Frankenstein" made him a man to look for when he wanted a good monster. Of course, it was natural for these icons to share the screen and the movie that united them was "The Black Cat" of 1934. This formula is repeated in several films through the decade, and the director Lambert Hillyer's confusion about horror and scientific literature "The Invisible Ray" is another of the smaller classics they did in those years. <br /> <br /> "Invisible Ray," Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who has invented a device capable of showing the scenes of our planet's past, embedded in the beams of Andromeda's galaxy. Showing your invention to your colleagues Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford) discover that thousands of years ago, a meteor has hit Nigeria. After this wonderful discovery, Dr. Rukh decides to join his colleagues in Africa, looking for a mysterious meteor landing place. This expedition is not useful to Rukh because during his expedition his wife Diane (Frances Drake) falls in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an expert hunter named by Stevens, to assist them in their expedition. But Rukh loses more on this journey than his wife, because he will change forever after he has been exposed to the invisible radiation of the meteor. <br /> <br /> John Colton (who previously made the "Werewolf of London" script) "The Invisible Ray" was rooted in the original sci-fi story of Howard Higgins and Douglas Hodges. Given that it was a movie with Karloff and Lugos, Colton puts a lot of emphasis on his story of horror, playing very effectively with the archetype of a mad scientist and adding things to good melodrama. One element that makes the invisible Ray stand out from this horror movie of this era is how Colton's story plays through morale. This means that the classic style is not exactly the heroes and the villains, but the decision-makers, and later the consequences of these choices. In many ways, The Invisible Ray is a modern tragedy of obsession, guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> Film director Lambert Hillyer, an experienced small budget filmmaker, was given the chance to make 3 movies in the Universal Pictures when the legendary studio faced serious financial problems. Owing to his experience of working with limited resources, Hillyer's films were always very good despite budget constraints and The Invisible Ray was no exception. Although close to the previous Gothic style of the horror movies of Universal Horror, Hillyer's film is not really the essence of the Colton scenario, it gives the film a dark and diseased mood with more toned cellulose novels than simple sci-fi. Finally, the use of the special effects of Hillyer: in the case of an extremely low budget film, they look much better than those in several A-films of the era. <br /> <br /> As usual with the Lugos and Karloff films, the legends of this legend are of exceptional quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in his imagination of a man who is so blinded by his commitment to his work that does not see the evil that he fires. Since his colleague Dr. Benet, in Bela Luog, is just a joy to watch, steal every scene she is, and show what she was an underrated actor. Rukhi's wife, Frances Drake, is extremely effective in helping her character become more than a girl in trouble. However, there are two highlights from Kemble Cooper, such as Mom Rukh, and Beulah Bondi Lady Arabella, because two actors use their limited screen, giving unforgettable roles. Frank Lawton is also good in his role, but nothing surprising compared to the rest of the pain. <br /> <br /> If one film is judged by today's standards, it is very easy to leave this second cheap science fiction movie with bad special effects and carelessly confused with pseudo science. However, this would be a mistake because, despite its low budget, it has been well done over time. Moreover, given that the film was made when the nuclear plant started and the radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, the idea of ​​the risks of radioactivity is scary. One last thing worth noting is the interesting way in which the script handles relationships between characters, especially friendship and rivalry that exist in obsessive Dr Rukhi and cold Dr. Between Benet, because it allows great scenes between two iconic participants. <br /> <br /> Although there are no "Frankenstein" gothic expressions or "Black Cat" elegant stops, Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" is definitely the smallest classic in the Universal Pictures directory. horror movies. One of the most interesting 30-year-old horror scenarios, this mid-term, horror, and science fiction is one of the most seriously underestimated gems that already gives two of the most astonishing actors to enjoy entertainment, once a horror genre: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
