Having borrowed this movie from a local library a few weeks ago, I was going to see it initially or a few days after the day of remembrance, I finally saw Sayonar this morning. It is played by General Lobyd "Ace" by Marlon Brando, who has been raised in a way that has been transferred from Korea to Japan, where his friend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) is comfortable. Before leaving, he tries to persuade one of his men, Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), a Japanese woman to marry Katsumi (Miyoshi Umek), because it is a violation of the laws of military brothers. But with his romance and Eileen, Ace is not only the best man at Joe's and Katsumi's wedding, but falls into Asia's hands after he and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) leave the city and watch the headlight directed by Hana-ogi (Miyak Taka). Bailey himself is acquainted with a dancer, Fumiko-San (Reiko Cuba). There is one of Kabuki's performers, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalba), on Eilen. I stop there and say that it was mostly convincing about the prejudices of the American-Asian romance relationship, which was very touching from beginning to end. Even seeing Spaniard playing Montalban from the East is not too embarrassing (although it is good that his part is short). And there are some nice sense of humor, such as Brando's head, which hits Button and Umek at the top of the inside more than once. Red and Miyoshi themselves deserve their Oscars, especially Red, with their thoughtful and proud emotions around the world. Rookie Garner, before he starred in his legendary role in "Marverick", is good at Brandos and his Miika Taka scenes. Although I have read some changes to James Michener's novel, I cannot imagine that director Josha Logan, who had previously received another Michener, was involved in Broadway's musical "South of the Pacific". remain on the original source. He certainly gave inspiration to the final scenes that made the film an earlier tragedy for a somewhat necessary plot. Some production numbers might have made the film a little longer, but otherwise Sayonara had a wonderful educational experience of the 50's practices that invaded America and Japan at that time.
