Because of the poor reviews and what the friends said, they couldn't believe how bad it was, I didn't go and see it in the movie cinema. After watching the DVD, I have to say that I am sorry now. I'm not saying it's brilliant, but I'd like to say it's a good movie. I enjoyed it. <br /> <br /> People are thicker than the Nedi helmet when they look at such a movie and expect it to be a documentary. When you read the real history of most movies based on historical data, there is usually a serious difference between facts and fancy images. I don't think that Ganghis Kahn has ever been far from being close to historical facts. What guy Ned Kelly really was, is a discussion and quite passionate. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Legends are stories and stories speak so much about those who speak and listen to them when they are about a real character. Ned Kelly has become such a popular identity because he represents this aspect of Australian culture that does not trust or accept authority. A society that has no dissent or authority challenge is sharper and more dangerous than any bushranger. <br /> <br /> So I don't expect it to be an exact holiday for the historic Kelly Gang. unencumbered and refreshing film. It was sentimental and romantic, but fortunately it wasn't as cheesy as it could have been; for my fellow Australians, see "The Lighthorseman" and you will see what I mean (it is a pity how this story was so badly treated). Maybe the love affair could have been a little more detailed in other areas, like shooting soldiers. Ironically, I really enjoyed this movie because the details that most Ned's story would focus on would be alive. And these are the details of the story that are best discovered by reading the different perspectives of different historians. <br /> <br /> This movie was always difficult as it compromised on filing a complaint. global film market (pay pills) and legend as for Austrians; maybe a little bit of Nedi's mind is in this movie because I think it rebelled against people's expectations and unfortunately both goals were missed. Fortunately, it made a pleasant bow to the movie. For me, this was an unexpected movie from Ned, so I liked it. Orlando Bloom's performance also made a lot for the movie - he really added something. I think she would have liked to have a real elf instead of fear. <br /> <br /> If you think of another movie that is much worse than that, your opinion on this movie should be reviewed. Send me this on the Christmas DVD, not Croc Dundee or the Man Snow River anytime.
