It must have been several years after its release, so you don't know why it was in the movies. But as a child, I enjoyed it. I just found Superman and Mole Men VHS tape on the flea market and decided to look at it again (it has been for many years). I didn't expect much, now knowing how B-movies were done at that time. But I was pleasantly surprised when I found the movie very observable and everyone was working. Typical performance in such films leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, writing wasn't bad either. Forget the fact that Superman went into a sequence and could have started all of their bucks because then the story would be over, right? OK, the men's costumes were hockey and not very scary (they didn't scare me even as a boy). But in the background and costumes, probably a small budget, was a job well done by everyone. I recognized the sheriff as an old ranger from the days of the dead valley and many supporting roles in the TV west. Mr Farrell MacDonald played the old pop and was always a supporter of the big movies when I can read. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were also familiar faces from other films. Did you know the old doctor as the captain of the ship who went to King Kong? Did you know that a little girl who ran a ball for moles, like Lisbeth Searcy Old Yeller? Some mole men were also famous. Jerry Maren has played McCheese Mayors for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, was Munchkin, who gave Dorothy to the fool, was a Seifeld episode and a wealth of other work. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable part with Clint Eastwood in the High Plains Drift, was one of the friends celebrated by the Incredible Shrinking Man, he was part of a movie I just grabbed on the flea market called My Gal Sal with Rita Hayworth Ozz Wizard and many other parts - great actress. John Brambury was also Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this movie, was undoubtedly great and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman. He did a good job of playing a strong man. The bottom line for all I have said is that this movie is worth watching the movie because of the very thin idea of ​​the movie. But it was in the 50's and everything was possible from invading space to mole men from inside. Definitely worth seeing, the group is not a bad actor. Wherever he put together, he was very successful in getting so many talented players on type B film. Some already had a lot of experience and some were ready to gain rich experience, but all were talented. So if you get the chance to see a movie, forget about pristine costumes and just enjoy the excitement and action. Is it a bird? Is this an airplane? No, just a good, old-fashioned movie!
