I watched it in HBO or Showtime or Cinemax in the mid-90s, one of my parents ordered for these channels. I found it in several different parts and I always found it dark, strange and exciting. I was young then in my early teens; and now years later, after the discovery of the great Arliss Howard and the outbreak of "Big Bad Love", I bought the "Wilder Napalm" DVD and watched it with my girlfriend for the first time in years. I really loved it! I was really impressed and influenced. There are so many dynamic fluid complexities and intelligence within camera motion and cinematography; all of them perfectly gelatine with intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three leaders, their story, music and all other players. It's really "kinematic". I like Arliss Howard's subtle intensity, ambivalent strength and hidden intelligence, I'm something he does; and his interaction with Debra Winger's mania (they are naturally married) is the magical magic reality that passes through the camera. (Interestingly, do they look at it on wedding anniversaries? ....... "Big Bad Love" should be the next stop for anyone who hasn't seen it, it's great.) And Dennis Quaid in a full clown that has been slipped smoothly , at an angle, hidden and displayed with a choice of shooting and full bloom, such a pure dark magic magic that you often don't see. Quaid has always had poor quality for me, this huge slit of mouth span, hiding my lightning behind the eyes to unleash itself as a naughty charm or a devil (here as both). Both Howard and Quaid have a weak fire behind their eyes to pull their wonderful intense inner gunslingers squares darkly cool. In fact, the entire film has dark and warm energy and hip intensity. This is a really awesome movie that is gathered by all parties through intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry. I really can't imagine how it was funded, and it seems to me to be quite expensive with a conventional, imaginative system, but I thank God for movies like this slipping through the system every time for a while. A great way for all your day-to-day light carnival colors, hip intelligence, dark curled real humor and tempting chemistry to remind me of all your favorite films: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ...... This is a compliment to my book!
