At the height of the 2007 "Celebrity Big Brother" race race (including Shilpa Shetty and late Jade Goody), I condemned the internet forum "C.B.B." fans who praised this exhibition after years of "racist" 70s sitcoms like "Curry & Chips" & "Love Thy Neighbor". I thought they were hypocritical and said that. "It's not a half-hot mother" was then thrown into the argument, some turned out to have been celebrating an English actress who was black. Yes, yes, but Michael Bates lived with an Indian boy and spoke smoothly to Urdu. The show's detractors ignore the reality that it presented to its "Rang Ram". A remarkable Indian character actress Renu Setna said in her 1995 documentary "Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms" that she was upset when she heard that Bates had landed that role, but added: "No Indian actor could play this role. Bates. "Indeed." "Mother" was a companion of Perry and Croft who showed their father's army, and the wartime, seductive English city of Walmington-On-Sea was replaced by Indian hot, steaming jungles, especially Deolali, where the military concert party exhibits exhibitions, including Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first sitcom role from 'Doctor In Charge'), Gunner 'Gloria' Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), Gunner 'Lofty' Sugden, 'Lah de- dah 'Gunner Graham (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins (Late Christopher Mitchell) This gang of mission was headed by sergeant Major Williams (brilliant Windsor Davies) who kept them all "poofs." His disappointment when he failed his men into the jungle to fight against the enemy, made him bitter and tempted (although he was pleasing to Parkins whom he thought was his illegal son!) then there was still English colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and twilight captain Ashwood (Michael The band was like a wise old sage, starting with every show, talking to the camera and closing them, citing hidden proverbs. He loved being so much that he was practically British. His friends were making a way to Char Wallah (late Dino Shafeek, who went to "Mind Your Language") and the rope pulled Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). So the real Indians appeared at the show - another point that its wardens ignore. Shafeek also gave what credits were described as "voice interruptions" (similar to the "40s songs used as the" father's army of random music "). Each edition was closed with him, where the "Hope & Glory" land was only released when "Shut Up!" from Williams. The great opening theme was Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Although the "mother" was never considered by the public to be "father's army", it was still popular enough to run for eight seasons. In 1975, Davies and Estelle made the charts with the cover of this old chestnut "Whispering Grass". Then they recorded the whole album from the old chestnuts, titled (what else?) "Sing Lofty!". <br /> <br /> The exhibition hit the crisis point three years later when Bates died of cancer. Instead of rewriting Rang's role, the writers simply forgot it. When George Layton left, "Gloria" took the "Bombadier" character, giving another comedy source. The last edition in 1981 saw soldiers leave India with a boat Blighty, Char Wallah looking at them with great sorrow (as did the viewers). <br /> <br /> There has been little and far between (mainly UK Gold) because of its so-called "malevolent" reputation. It's strange. First, it was not a show of racism. If the white man who has blackened out is so wrong, why does David Lea's 1984 film A Passport from India show on television? (In India it was Alec Guinness and won two Oscars!). This was due to Jimmy Perry's own experience. Some characters were based on real people (Sergeant-Major spoke of "poofs" of their men). I think if you plan to put television on history, I'll get it right. Disinfecting the past, no matter how it may look to a modern audience, is basically dishonest. "Mom" was both funny and true and the viewers saw it. Thank you heaven D.V.D. Time to finish this review. As Williams says, "I can't get in this jungle!"
