This war-time sitcom, written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the TV best for the Fathers Army, was not as good as the Fathers Army, but still very funny. <br /> <br /> It's about a concert band in India. Most episodes were about BSM Williams (Windsor Davies) who tried to get a concert party he called bundles. He was always unsuccessful because the vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and stupid Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were big fans of the concert party. The concert was comprised of Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), Ginger Rogers' impersonator Gunner "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), Gunner Graham Graham, aka Padarouski (John Clegg), singer Gunner "Lofty" Sugden. Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought Parkins was his son, he was quite wrong), a big eater Gunner "Nosher" Evans and an animal impersonator (Kenneth MacDonald), he wasn't Percy Edwards. The adventurous Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates) with Char-Wallah and Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) was also heavily involved in the adventures, giving Ram a great support. <br /> <br /> The exhibition, like the Fathers Army, continued with many expressions. Rangi Ram told his Punkah Wallah "Don't be so clever dickie" and he finished many exhibitions, saying, "There's a very old Hindu proverb, for example, if a woman communicates with her best friend, it won't end her house fire." who had the most phrases. He always shouted "Shuddup !!!!!", saying, "Oh dear, how sad, not spiritual," and when talking to Gunner Graham, he always speaks of an oppressive pressure. <br /> <br /> The show doesn't have the same recognition as the Fathers Army. This is probably a matter of taste: it is considered raw. Williams is homophobic, calling his men "puffe", although it must be said that Williams is a cage. Some people also think that humor has a racial element using Michael Bates black to play Rang Ram (Bates was actually born in India and spoke Urdu before he spoke English) so the BBC feels a little uneasy this, though most people who have seen the show would agree that the show is not racist, I know someone who is half India, and they were not the least offended and agreed like I was a very funny show. When I see the episode for the first time, I probably laugh more than any other sitcom, but when I see it for the second time, I don't laugh so much, but no matter how many times I see the armies of fathers, I laugh several times in the episode. <br /> <br /> Best episode: Road Banu, Series 1, Episode 7
