Glowing is a strange example of adaptation: it is very little common with the original novel written by Stephen King, but it is widely remembered as one of the best cinematographic transmissions of the horrorist's work. This is due to two factors: the masterly direction of Stanley Kubrick and the great action of Jack Nicholson. <br /> <br /> Nicholson plays the writer Jack Torrance, who agrees to take care of Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter. from the place around terrible stories: he claims it is a nice, isolated place he needs to complete a new book. That's why Overlookist is a new home for the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son Danny (Danny Lloyd). The boy knows from the beginning that something is wrong: the cook, Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) has told him that he has been given a mysterious psychic energy, the title Shining, which allows people like him and Dick to see, among others, the past and the future. Thanks to this "gift", the hotel has the power to live against Danny even though it is able to withstand it. However, this is not Jack's case, as he becomes paranoid about his wife's despair and is looking for comfort in the company for what can be best defined as ghosts, triggering a chain of madness and fear that is very difficult to break. <br /> Shining acts as a horror film, because although Kubrick has never worked with this movie before, he knew exactly what was efficient and what was not, so more attention to the atmosphere and psychological shocks than gore and creative bruises. The King criticized the director for modifying most of the story, omitting most of the Jack / Danny subplot (just hinted at the movie), which led the book to an emotionally strong climax, and although his disappointment was valid, omission was really necessary: ​​a novel that was treated with redemption, albeit in an unusual way , and redemption is a topic that Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts in human injury, was never soft. He is interested in the spiritual and later the physical imbalance that threatens the characters, and he keeps the horrible tone even thanks to the very cold approach and the static impact assessment (Danny's meeting with two haunted twins is the best example). <br /> <br /> Another criticism raised by the king concerned the actors, especially Nicholson: the writer felt that at the beginning he was a film sign that Jack was already crazy, thus damaging the rest of the story. Now it is true that Nicholson looks a little funny right from the start, but equally true that Martin Sheen (the king's ideal role for this role) would probably not have been able to play as frightening as Nicholson: he will cheer immortality "Here's Johnny!" The scene, it is impossible to photograph another player who plays this part, and although The Shining's 1997 TV version is not bad, Torrance's character is inextricably linked. Like Duvall and Lloyd, both of them add terrible support, the latter being especially worthy of Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osmenti as cinema big horror games icons. It is possible to complain that Duvall is completely different from the opposite of a book (blonde and beautiful) and who does not have much to do but scream and run, but two things should be considered: a) In 1980, the queen of the queen was not a cliché. t yet; b) rarely have any actor been so frightened with the camera, making the difference in the book-film the second compared to the real fear of Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Irvine Welsh, the author of Trainspotting, said there never was such a thing as a completely faithful adaptation of any literary work (and she should know that given the freedoms Danny Boyle took when her junkie masterpiece screened appeared), but that does not mean that the film is necessarily bad. Shining proves that the point is perfect: there are very few novels in the film, about 5%, but in Kubrick and Nichlolson, this endless cinematic translation masterclass becomes one of the best, most original horror photos of all time, which actually says something, considering the current bad form of the genre.
