Sometimes this thing goes beyond my favorite horror movie. Although Carpenter's film is a more efficient and entertaining flick, Kubrick is more artistic, thought provocative and probably more frightening. This is one of the few movies where I can watch my mistakes and truly and completely love. I'm not trying to compare it with the book? what have I read only once, many years ago and what frightened me of death? because both do not have much in common, after the story and the characters probably. This is almost the same as Kubrick's love of the novel with the bank to make his film more intimidating. This is definitely one of the most interesting book adjustments, as well as one of the biggest horror films. <br /> <br /> What makes a movie so scary is not jumping, not blood and gore, not the ghosts that occasionally appear. This is the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people have complained about casting Nicholson in this role, saying it is too clear that he's going to go crazy about his past roles and looks. I disagree. We know he's going crazy? since most of us have read the book? and Jack's appearance only promotes this concept. But this is how he first works, which makes us really scared. He is calm, quiet and patient. He is engaged in small conversations with hotel managers and even his family. And with her wife and son as irritating, it's a little wonder she can do. But when he opens, he changes. He becomes irritating, angry, on the edge. The scene that always shocked me is when Wendy interrupts her writing and loses it completely, telling her to "leave her f *** alone". This is the first f-bomb that hit the film, and it's a system shock. Since then, all bets have been turned off. <br /> <br /> Another thing I love about is the film's multiple interpretations. We are never sure if what we are seeing is actually happening. Many critics have pointed out that when Jack speaks of a ghost, there is a mirror that shows that he can speak for himself. But what about the other characters? Wendy never sees anything before the culmination of a movie until he gets rounded by many of the haunted inhabitants of the hotel, but he is well aware that something is wrong while Danny connects the place almost immediately. His psychic powers are not questionable? how else would Hallorann come to the hotel? ? but does he ever see any ghosts his parents know? It is easy to say that Jack just loses it by being trapped in a hotel with his family and later by Wendy? Does your husband try to kill you in the ax? but what about Danny? Tony seems to be taking his body, but how do we know for sure? None of these characters are credible witnesses. It would probably be Hallorann and he warns of the dangers in 237, but he will be killed as soon as he arrives at Overlook (scary Kubrick can play the assumptions of novel fans). And this last shot. Has the cinema ever had a more mysterious end? Has Jack been there before? Or was his body just "absorbed" by the hotel? Talking about acting in this movie begins and ends with a discussion with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall is one of the most annoying productions of cinematography? likely to give Jack more character? and Danny Lloyd is no better, but Jack is violence. Part of the method, part of improvisation, he is at the same time terrible and tempting. For the better or worse, he has the character we know, not the annoying boy or the chewing woman. We all want a season for ourselves so we can do what we want. Who cares when it haunts? Of course, the technical aspects are terrible. Kubrick's long spending, strange corners and strange shapes contribute to horror. The use of color, mirrors, long corridors and every other motif only enhances it. And don't even get me to start this result. I don't know if the movie is so haunting, semi-scary in terms of electronic tuning. Her strangeness perfectly reflects the hotel, the mood and the film itself. <br /> <br /> I know the king doesn't like this movie, but the king's contribution to the cinema is not something that is against it. As a great novel writer, his scenarios are terrible and his attempt to steer is better noticed. It's not a very faithful customization of the book, but it doesn't have to be, and it shouldn't really be. Part of the horror of the film is that the viewer does not have that book back; there is no calming source material. Kubrick is masterfully changing the championship to further frighten the audience. If that's just that, it's one of the most innovative movies in every genre. And that's all else.
