Shining starts with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) who travels to an isolated hotel called "Overlook", located in the High Mountains of Colorado, to interview his leader, Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson), who becomes a winter keeper. Ullman tells Jack that he is responsible for the hotel's basic care, but is almost completely separated from the rest of the world for six months as a tough winter. With his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and his young son Danny (Danny Lloyd), Jack moves into the hotel and first of all looks good, this is a beautiful hotel that is absolutely big and what they need. However, the Overlook Hotel has a hidden past where all of its family was murdered before committing suicide. Since the days, weeks, and months are over, Jack is getting crazy, Danny sees things and people when Wendy is mad because he has no idea what happens to his family, because the heavy snow storm leaves them trapped. br /> <br /> This English production is written, compiled and directed by Stanley Kubrick and is a subtle horror film. It seems that Shining is another film that exists in two different versions and what I comment on is a shorter part of Europe that lasts just under 2 hours. The manuscript by Kubrick & Diane Johnson is based on Stephen King's novel, which I have not read, so that I cannot compare them, rather than a psychological horror, only visually during one murder during the film. The Shining has very little signs of Jack, Wendy & Danny, who is the only thing, because the film focuses almost exclusively on those who care about them, participate in them and go through them. This pace is somewhat slow, but it's one movie that didn't know it for a long time and keeps you interested. On the negative side, I do not believe that Jack's madness and his will to kill his family would be strong enough to convince me that Jack is fleeing the freezer without any explanation and I do not know if I miss anything, but this end didn't make me any sense, I'm still trying to find out what this picture is! There is very little violence or gore, a couple of rotten zombies ghosts and someone killed in the ax, but Shining is a horror film that doesn't have to rely on blood and special effects because it has a thrilling story. With a budget of about $ 19,000,000, Shining is technically flawless, as you would expect from an obsessive filmmaker, such as Kubrick, to be brilliant with some of the fantastic free-flowing and smooth stabilizing photos, as the camera regularly follows the mark around the labyrinth of the corridor. Sets see absolutely real and cluttered old haunted houseplants, such as dark corners, cellars and horse websites, Kubrick brings things right with fresh corridors, massive open spaces, and contemporary décor (80s modern, just check out the red toilet!). The actors are good from all sides, although as in horror films, the little boy is very annoying and Nicholson seems crazy from the start. Shining is a swallowing film that I watched, although I'm not sure I look at it again at any time. For those who are looking for explosions and fancy special effects, you must be disappointed if you are looking for a ghostly house type of horror for a strong story, I definitely think that Shining is for you, worth a look in your modest opinion.
