Shining, you know what's strange about this movie? This is a movie that anyone who claims not to like horror movies always says The Shining is a terrible movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror and blood. It's just an incredible movie and the wilt you've seen or not, you've heard about it, are familiar with some lines and know some classic pictures. Who could forget Jack's "Here's Johnny!" Who could forget "All work and play not to do Jack's boring boy"? Who could forget the end of this cooling? It's a movie that's unforgettable and I think Kubrick's the best job. I know there are many arguments in this department, many people say it's 2001: Space Odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even dr. Strangelove, but when these films made film making, The Shining improved it. It is a story of isolation, madness, terrifying images and the ultimate ghost story that climbs your skin. Jack Torrance, Jack's son Danny and Jack's wife Wendy will arrive at the Overlook Hotel closing date. Elderly African American chef Dick Hallorann surprises Danny by talking to him telepathically and offering him ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift; they called the communication "shining". Danny asks if the hotel has something to fear, especially in room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain "shine" and many memories, not all of them, and suggests he keeps 237 in any case. Danny's curiosity about space 237 can finally be better when he sees the opening of the room. Danny shows up injured and visibly traumatized after Jack Wendy says he loves his family. Wendy thinks Jack has abused Danny. Jack goes to the hotel Gold Rooom, where he meets the ghostly bar Lloyd. Danny begins to call the word "redrum" in a challenging way and write it on the walls. He goes to the trance and pulls back; he now says he is Tony, his "imaginary friend". Jack sabotages the hotel radio by interrupting communication from the outside world, but Hallorann has received Danny's telepathic crying for help and is on the way. Wendy discovers that Jack has written unique pages of the manuscript that repeat "All Work and Game Doesn't Make Jack's Boring Boy" formatted in many ways. Frightened, Jack threatened him and he struck him with an unconscious baseball bat, locking him in a kitchen storage cabinet. Jack talks through Grady through the cabinet door, which then opens his release. Danny has written "REDRUM" Wendy's bedroom door on lipstick. When he looks into the mirror, he sees it as a "murder" written back. Jack picks up the ax and begins to handle the door leading to his family's living quarters. "Here's Johnny!" And Jack's legendary image is born. <br /> <br /> Shining is one of those movies you have to look seriously at, this is an incredible movie and still gives nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But I also feel that it is extremely neglected, Shelley Duvall, her scene where Jack was found on All Work? is incredible, it is the look of fear and you see that the fear of his face after understanding his wife is crazy. Another incredible scene is when Jack sees an age-old ghost needle, this is one of the most terrifying scenes in the horror movie. The reason this film is so well known is that it is a film of perfection, it has been in Simpsons, it has been shown in other films, and this is a film that will remain with you forever if you see it, trust me. <br /> 10/10
