Okay, okay, maybe not the biggest. I mean, exorcist and psycho, and some others are hard to go on, but bright is up there. However, this is by far the best story of Stephen King made for film. It's Better Than Stand, Better Than a Pet Sematary (if not quite so scary), better than Cujo, better than Green Mile, Better Dolores Claiborne, Better than Stand By Me (just barely), and yes, it's better than Shawshank Redemption (it's better), I don't care what IMDb Top 250 says. <br /> <br /> I read that a couple of decades ago, Stanley Kubrick sorted out his home through novels, trying to find something that could make a good movie, and from the other room he heard the difficulty of his wife. Noise every half hour or when he threw books at the wall with frustration. Finally, he didn't hear the noise for almost two hours and when he went to check and see if he had died in his chair or something (I say it with all due respect, of course), he found that the book he was holding was focused and the book was The Shining. And thank God too, because he went to convert this book into one of the best horror films. Stephen King can thank this story for the complexity of the man who takes his wife and son to a remote hotel to watch it in an extremely isolated winter when he is working in writing. Jack Nicholson can be thanked for Jack Torrance (how many films has Jack played when he plays Jack?) For his dead momentum, as well as his many famous lines (`Heeeeeere Johnny !! '). Shelley Duvalli can be thanked for her performance, which allows the audience to associate Jack's desire to kill her. Stanley Kubrick can be thanked for giving this great story, which his very recognizable touch gives, and whoever directed the director can be thanked for taking the brilliant twins of the planet to play the part of the murdered girls. <br /> <br /> One of the most important aspects of this film, which is to make the story as a whole its most important effect, is isolation and it is flawless. The film starts with Jack after a long scene when he goes to the old hotel for his interview for the winter building. This will soon be followed by the same thing that follows Jack and his family when they drive to the hotel’s wind mountain road. This time, the scene is mixed with Jack, Wendy and Danny in a car, where Kubrick managed to quickly tell how the evil of television is, because Wendy expresses his concern about cannibalism in front of Danny, who says it's okay because he's already seen it on TV (see ? That's okay, he saw it on television.)). <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is the perfect story for such a story, and it is a bloody past that is much more frightening for large, gully rooms and long corridors. These echo-like rooms constantly emphasize the emptiness of the hotel, but the corridors that really created the scarcity of the film, and the traditional Kubrick surveillance traces, give the corridors a terrible three-dimensional feeling. At the beginning of the movie, there is a famous tracking technique that follows Danny in a big circle when he drives around his Big Welsh Hall (that is what they are called?), And his relative speed (as well as the attack) on his wheels as he moves from hard and wood floors. -To go back, give a feeling that you don't know what's around the corner. And, being Stephen King's story, wait for something to jump. I think the best billboards in the halls (as well as one of the most frightening of the movie) are when Danny plays on the floor and the ball slips slowly to him. He looks up and sees a long empty corridor, and as the ball is a child's toy, you expect it to be the terrible twins that rolled it. Anyway, you get a point. Shining is a fucking scary movie. <br /> <br /> Apart from being a rare movie that doesn't suck, Shining has a very deep story that really keeps you and leaves you feeling there was something you missed. Was Jack always there, as Mr Grady told him in the men's room? Was he really on this ball in 1921 or is it just someone who looks exactly like him? If he has always been a caregiver, as Mr Grady said, does this mean that it was HIM who went crazy and killed his wife and twin daughter, but not Mr Grady? One thing is that the film would loosen the ends that should have been connected, it's just a mediocre film. For example, it was the Amityville horror that obviously copied to a great extent the Shining as far as it was his subject. But it is completely different when the movie is presented in a way that really thinks (like most Kubrick films). One more thing we all thank Stanley Kubrick for, and we should thank him for not throwing this book against the wall. The fact that one sneak would have been a tragedy in the film.
