This movie, which is an extremely cinema that combines all the great elements of an intellectual thriller with a great vision director who has the instinctive ability to tempt the mood to frighten his filmmaker gene, which includes an original image, an ice-cold soundtrack and a general feeling of dehumanization. This movie cuts through all the typical horror films like red poker through the human eye, as it allows the viewer not only to feel the violence and psychosis of his protagonist, but also to appreciate the seed that the runner collapses. One of the most frightening things people face is unknown, and this film represents its drawing with that very idea. The device is perfect, destroyed in winter. The silence of the moment is inherent in itself, as the aggressor beating Jack Torrance's mind breaks down in this waiting time and pushes the devil's new playground. I have always felt that the presence of evil was in all our minds, but the circumstances of that moment and the reasons therein were necessary to awaken his violent ass and bombard its unsuspecting victims. This film is a great example of this great thinking. <br /> <br /> And this is a fine touch of this film, the attacks of the big boys of young boys running along the empty corridors of the hotel. The Labyrinth Garden, which represents the subtle line of mind between straight and mad, the contradictions of Kubrick's purposefully transcribed editing, the errors of continuity, and the false orders that we discover a fair and tangible world, but impossible and unknown. I have never read a book on which a film is based, but as a non-reference point, I am proud to say that it is one of the most terrible films I've ever seen. I thought the film's duration might have been a bit cut, but then I am not one of the leaders in the film's history, so I should keep my two-cent criticism in an excellent film myself. All in all, this film takes your attention with its great form and vision, attracts you with some fear and eccentricity, and binds you down and stabilizes you in the heart with the cold-eyed eyes of the man in the view, the horrible atmosphere and the disappearance of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
