Anthony McGarten has adapted his game, via satellite, and directed the best comic film out of New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is a drop. He has not achieved much in recent years and has become resentful of his family after confessing his father's graveyard. His twin sister, Carol (also depicted by Danielle Cormack), plays the limelight in the media as he represents the New Zealand Olympics. Medieval, desperate and desperate director (Brian Sergent) and his benevolent operator - who is also one night of Chrissy's night night - Paul (Karl Urban) filming the prettiest moment of the Dunni family; Carol swimming to victory. It wouldn't be so bad, but the Chrissy family is embarrassing. First of all, Wellington Dunns, Joyce (Donna Akerston) matriach. He makes an important film crew for fabulous cakes and cocktail sausages and refuses to change his character. His oldest daughter, Jen (Rima Te Wiata), is desperate to be more than normal. She has a nice home (bedroom walls are painted "Blackberry sorbet"), expensive taste and nasty parasitic attitude. She is also approaching 40 and caring for her child. His wife, Ken (Tim Balme), is an electrician and is forced to work that does not need to be done ... and to do the work that needs to be done, ie Jen. Central daughter Lyn (Jodie Dorday, who won the Best Support for New Zealand Film Awards for its portrayal) has "knocked" a cake that has a suspicious history with Ken. Both older sisters are in contact, mother is in the state, Ken is so bad ToolTime Tim Taylor, Carol feeds his Olympic wish and Chrissy is aware that it must crack on national television - why shouldn't he be embarrassed? It's nice to see some famous New Zealand faces appear in suburban comedy with clever lines. I loved the asparagus between Jen and Lyn. One is like an adult Mona-my-biological-bell-on-check-away, another narcisstic tramp that is what her sister wants - a baking oven. The climax of the film is quite sentimental and well done. The performances are delicate and the film works great. A great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
