Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performer of wealthy intellectuals at the local club. He falls victim to his fantasies, because the promise of romantic midwives becomes a murder when he kills those who believe that sex is in sight. It is quite possible that, in the form of a hypnotic recommendation, someone (.. a possible master builder who pulls his string like a doll) is guided by Lorna, who he is separated from in places, just when it seems that love is ready to begin. When the murders in his fantasies have been committed, Lorna awakens the confused, often helpless, whether what she had ever given to her dreams was in reality. <br /> <br /> When someone asked me how to describe this particular work, I would say that it is elegant and difficult. By now, you have probably read other user comments about this film, because much of it is happening in the surreal atmosphere of the dream. Franco mentioned in the interview that Godard had a strong influence at the beginning of his career, as far as the style of filmmaking was concerned, and thus decided to abandon a clear narrative structure aimed at creating a completely different viewing experience. And as you read the user comments on the reaction here, like some of these decisions, others find style work, boring and amazing. I am the first to admit that the film is over my head, but even Franco himself, when critics who looked at "Succubus" admitted that the film was not even understood and led! Some may say that "Succubus" was simply the forerunner of his admired work, "Venus in Furs", which his mastery was held in French because it also accepts a surreal, dreamlike structure where the protagonist does not really know if he experiences something real or imaginary . In a sense, like a protagonist, we experience the same confusion. Certainly, "Succubus" is an unusual film making that doesn't give us the keys that exactly happen. And much of the difficult dialogue does not help. "Succubus" is also inhabited by beatnik types and "poet", the Corman movie, "Bucket of Blood" was fun. My personal favorite scene tends between Lorna and the woman who has met in the palm of the hand, with a possible lesbian intermediate spot. What is the odd fantasy sequence where dummies are used quite abnormally. Great location and jazz score. I liked this movie myself, although I understand why he gets a negative reaction. She loved to have a scene on the party side with Lorna, a little drunk, on the floor in a fine evening dress, like others in Shindigi (… equally wasted), hurrying her in kisses.
