Police, investigations, murders, doubts: we are all so familiar with them in movies. Most of today's movies deal with crime that probably involves viewers to provide them with an exciting atmosphere. But most of the lovers of excitement focus on the latest films that forget the parents. However, it happens that these people can easily be misled. A film based entirely on suspicion can be very interesting, although it is over 20 years old ... is GARDE A VUE, a unique film by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> Is there a lot of activity? Not really, because the events in the movie take place in a very short time. But the way they are done is the big plus of the movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) examines Gaul (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It is a New Year's Eve, a rainy evening and not very accurate for such a meeting. But after rape and murder of two children at the dawn of the old year, the door of suspicion must finally be open. In other words, (more quoted from the movie) you need to explain who is the bad wolf. To achieve this, a lot of effort and emotion is needed from both sides ... <br /> <br /> Some people criticize the script too literally. But I would ask them: what should be the investigation, if not many questions and practically much talk. This wording concerns the roots of the genre. Under no circumstances is it boring, but the whole movie, it makes you an observer involved as an observer. In addition, the film has well-done setbacks when talking about stories. Not too much and not too little of them - just enough to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. For me, the most memorable setbacks when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martinaud's wife, speaks of one beautiful Christmas ... But these setbacks also include views, including the infamous beach. This helped me keep the right pace wonderful. And since I saw GARDE A VUE, I always mention this film as a protector of French cinema, blaming the confusion and chaos. <br /> <br /> However, these already mentioned aspects may not necessarily appeal to many viewers because they may not like such movies and still do not find content and performance satisfactory. But GARDE A VUE is also worthy of these people. Why? For the sake of performances. But don't expect me to praise Romy Schneider here. GARDE A VUE is not a Romy Schneider vehicle. She is doing a terrible job as a mother who is deeply desperate for a missing child. He reliably depicts a person who is calm, a concrete who does not refuse to offer a cup of tea, but who does not want to play with words. His part, which includes deep talk about life and duty, is excellent, more reliable than Elsa's over-melancholic role in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. It still works. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. Practically, he first appears after a 45-minute credit; he is symbolically a New Year, midnight at a woman's and a different perspective. His role is purely supportive. Who really is the stones is Lino Ventura. He is a middle-aged inspector, Antoine Gallien, who wants to know the truth, who is aware that his questions are "missiles" of another interlocutor, but do not hesitate. He is an inspector who has been married three times to a fully recognized female psyche. He is the one who does not consider his work as a game but a real service. Finally, he is a person who does not find it there to sit on New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also does a good job of expressing fear, especially in the latest scenes of the film. But for Mr Ventura. Great! <br /> <br /> As for memorable moments, this is not a movie in which this aspect is easy to analyze. The whole movie is memorable, it has to be seen more than once and it has to be felt in its atmosphere and what I have never mentioned before, gorgeous music. For me, Chantal's and Inspector Gallien's speech is the most brilliant moment. You're there with two characters, you experience their mental state when you go deeper into what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE VUE is a very interesting movie that has to see performances by exciting lovers and artists. The New Year has changed and ... is it easier to open the door now? You'll find out when you decide to see Claude Miller's memorable movies. 8/10
