Our Ed Woods fans tend to be an obsessive bunch, but this film has driven me to a fan-dom, which I've never been to before! One of the most intense excitement of the absorption of non-mainstream films - at least as far as I am concerned - is that the joy is obscured. I remember as a teenager I wanted to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (a.k.a. "Ghouls Night"), which at that time was arched for a few decades. Similarly, there is a masterpiece of a low budget movie like Doris Wishman's "Night At Night" or half of the works of Jesus Franco! In recent years, video and DVDs have seen that once unique treasures are almost too accessible - even for us on the Atlantic wrong (!) Side ... <br /> <br /> And then, there was "I woke up early when I died "- a movie that should be so" big "but that disappeared even before Fangoria first printed this pretty long article that first came to my appetite. In the 1990s it is difficult to find a movie that would really be worth hunting. And that's for sure it is .... I don't want to add too many comments on all these wonderful aspects of the film - its stylish-yet-kitsch, whose ghostly but often hallucinogenic vision, its wonderful moments "pure cinema" ( 1920s French movies) and surrealism, or even this amazingly memorable soundtrack, because that's all the other users here most beautifully described. <br /> <br /> What I would like to mention briefly is the joy I have received from sharing some of the shady items of this almost lost man. -but-fortunately-not-real movie! I think the German video I got on Cold Cold Winter Day in Cologne is quite well known to Ed Wood followers. It is also quite common for a movie poster to be published. However, fortunately, more to find! First, there are a number of comments in the German THEATRICAL press release - I have used many of them in my translation classes, trying to "Woodify" my students ..... some of these comments are the artistic and entertaining value of positive eulogy for the film - and most interesting is that most critics in both American and European arthouse traditions. Secondly, there is the result of Larry Groupe, which you can get yourself - many songs give the listener a truly emotional thrill, especially if you are considering the film's "vaulted" status and grow a little melancholy at the same time. Finally - now - I would like to mention the promo SOUNDTRACK, which Cinequanon did in a very limited number. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do whatever is necessary if you have the opportunity to acquire one of them !!!!!! It includes 14 films, including the Eartha Kitti Ballad, the late Darcy Clay's "Jesus I was Evil" (two versions are also available on the New Zealand CD, though it's another story)! Christina Ricci dances and these amazing techno-falls by Minty and ZHV (the latter is Billy Z's own techno band) ..... <br /> <br /> Become obsessed - let Ed Wood rule your life.
