This 1998 film was based on the late Edward D. Wood script, which represented NO dialogue in the traditions of films such as THIEF. While much of Wood's work was a peculiar little budget entry into a variety of genre-film traditions, his first released feature, GLEN OR GLENDA, was a truly inexplicable attempt to express undetectable through primitive avant-garde techniques. PLAYING THE PREVIOUS DAY AS ANY QUESTION, is an experiment for Ed Wood, although this film is a comedy (but a terrible comedy!). there was no room for comedy. In the first few seconds of this movie, I learned that I was being transferred to a new film world and I couldn't really compare it to the world. The technical aspect of the film - production planning, sound design, music evaluation, photography, etc. - is groundbreaking at every level. Especially, although the film does not have a "dialogue", there is any sound and "language", but you need to see how it is done, because the wisdom and surprise of the methods gives you all the excitement. The Glen or Glenda-esque method, which allows you to store straight-line effects, works well in the movie and is minimal. The whole movie is played with hysterical fever, and Billy Zane offers an amazing tournament tournament that shows you a great physical comedian and actor. In a fair world he would have been awarded the prize. He even looks like Ed Wood and as Zane plays it, this character is at different times, buggy, tragic, sympathetic and anonymous (sometimes simultaneously !!!). What a shame that this film was a legal issue and never got a North American theater or video, playing just a few festivals. It is currently only available in German video (in fact, my copy is from a German source - Wood Scripts, which are occasionally displayed on the screen, is translated into German, although newspaper headlines (which are large) here are used in the wood tradition with a low budget technique to give the plot elements , especially those that would be too expensive for the film, through newspaper headlines) that Zane sees in English). I think this movie could have been word of mouth when it was played in a big city at midnight, carefully promoting it. And if it was slowing down the city movie on the city square, he could have done well. In fact, if legal issues can be solved, I would like to recommend that the film should be released by STILL for the release of a theatrical performance, especially the MIDNIGHT cult. This is a classic that awaits discovery. <br /> <br /> Did I understand every scene? No, but I felt every scene emotionally. Did everything work in the movie? Maybe not. I've only seen it twice and for the first time I saw that I interrupted several times. However, if all of the Assembly's junkies play multiplexes and so many "alternative" movies that are fetishist or pretentious videos, we reject such real Hollywood experiments. The recent Bob Dylan film "Masked and Anonymous" took the same opportunities as Steven Soderberghi's FULL FRONTAL. This movie can find a much larger audience than any of them. If you read this review in a few years and the idea of ​​this movie sounds intriguing, see if it has ever been released on video. You are NOT bored. Invite friends ... make it a half. Play the amazing sound track LOUD. I feel that, no matter where he lives, Ed Wood is happy with this film and feels that his unique vision is somewhat justified and validated by making this film. Wood is probably also laughing that just as he always seemed to have a bad interruption in life, he was detained for his post-death film in court and freed in the country where it was made.
