OK, so I know this movie because my friend is in it and I actually visited the set when they were filming, so from a personal point of view I was intrigued to finally look at this hidden little pearl. If you dig information about this movie, you will find that it is poisoned by legal issues (even over 7 years after filming), so if you are like me - then you will do everything to get a copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15, but I felt ripped, because when I got it in the mail today, it was a very tough, sharp copy of the "SCREENER ONLY" edition, which combined with the annoying top mini-code, but unfortunately I could enjoy it, but not as much as I would be the right copy I suggest you get if you want this movie to be for you or not. What I have found has appeared on DVD in Germany and now in Spain. With that happiness and happy search / offer ...;). Score / sndtrk is worth it. Very eclectic and varied (sometimes in rare cases IMHO movie) - I think it's my next sndtrk / score to find, but I will land ... <br /> <br /> Now, for review. The film opens when the Billy Zane symbol injects the nurse into the mental care department where she is probably locked. He steals his clothes (even shoes) and moves quickly to keep a bank / loan store, but after looting, well, I think this is where the "plot" begins - he inadvertently loses it. After having committed several campy over-the-top crimes and crimes to various AC list celebrities to find money, he finds himself somewhat in the graveyard where the funeral is - I think the dead guy he beats at the bank / bank and - even 1950 with police cars and policemen who were looking for him all the time - he never sees or sees it. (She sees the agendas that report her "crimes") That I liked because it gave a thin plot to expand. After all, this is MOVIE (see: fiction) and director Iris Iliopulos, which I think is all possible to 1) bring Wood's vision to life, and 2) give him an updated feeling, however, have the impact of authentic 50-year-old police cars, ahh, local LA.99 $ stores - so well my 9 rating. If the period and props were authentic - I would have given it 10. Now it wraps it up strange and I don't break it on anyone, but let's say the last ending is disappointing for me, it had a promise, an action and a comedy - all until the end, so that ... with ALL who said, - place the copy at your own discretion. <br /> <br /> Just realize that because there is no dialouge (except for some narration and singing) it may be your alley - maybe not-- but I think it's worth a look. The actors all make fine performances and this is just a misconception in the right period of pieces that really made me long for this adjustment - then I'd say all the tools to look at this movie because it's not like those studios put out these days ( or in the future) I'm sure.
