Finally, to see what many consider to be the biggest women-imprisoned movies, I felt I had done something as ridiculous as it sounds. Boy, it definitely contained some of the elements that I expected and gave much more. The constant I discover in these films is the toughness and sharpness of the actors in the role of prisoners preparing for the refugees when their threshold, tolerance and solution (.. not to mention the mystery) are tested by their superiors. Although most of them were hired naked, because the nature of the genre requires such free elements, something else emerges, other qualities such as attitude and courage, which I finally react. <br /> <br /> As you know too well, Demme's debut was to his mentor Roger Corman, and he gives the target audience exactly what they want when they put in the process. For example, there are odd dreams, some characters of which are characterized by their current psychological states (.. there is a specific number where caregiver Barbara Steele is present, where she reminded me of the orange of Alex de Large's watch). <br /> <br /> The film has female prisoners who are planning bold escape, tired of their wheelchair caregiver and his nut prison doc, Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown is Maggie, a harsh, dirty sister who is environmentally exhausted and does everything to get out. He's the one who all the girls are afraid of. Erica Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the newest detainee who was interrupted by the police and sentenced to police for murder, who did not want to give up the names of the people she was involved with. Roberta Collins is Belle, a series of kleptomania, best of Pandora (Ella Reid). Belle becomes an obsessed Randolph who allows superintendent McQueen (Steele) to remove her violent tendencies through a surgical procedure. Randolph takes her nude pictures and outrages her when she is a tiny girl because of her mental deficiency, hugging her naked body. Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith is Lavelle, a life-sentenced prisoner murdered by a German whose relative was a senator. Lavelle works at Randolph's office and is responsible for putting her dirty antics on Pandora. Demme effectively builds the film on the anticipated finale as the planned outflow, using those who have been put in jail by prisoners as a hostage of various traumas, and a burst of fire. <br /> <br /> Long-lasting demme co-operator Tak Fujimoto, as he is able to create some visually stopping moments within the narrow boundaries of prison, cells, and spaces, not an easy task. The prison is an appropriately crowd and girls, despite being quite attractive, are looking at the share of desperate prisoners who long for their souls to avoid such horrible detention. Steele is a great caregiver who understands how to take her role close, without going far, to express the madness of her repressed character within the finite limits. especially when he disdains certain behavior by pushing his edge. Cale's bluesy score is incredibly depressing, while listening to the audience that the movie is still fun and a game. I think Cale's result reflects the handling of Demme's material. The Cale and Demme partnership is an unpleasant union that depicts the device as a sad, isolating, oppressive place, while at the same time it introduces a humorous tone that passes through colored characters thanks to participants. My favorite scene takes place outside the prison, because two of our girls (.. joining forces with the third) interrupt the abduction of an already running bank .. kicker is the bank they are going to rob! As you can expect, you get naked women in the shower, the individual, the cat fight, the shootouts, the escape experiments that go into fear, and other exploitative elements (like terrible shock therapy, so as not to exclude the above-mentioned sequence where the screwed document uses Belle). Interestingly, Demme associates the movie with the audience without being embarrassed, exactly understanding what movie he did.
