Jonathan Demme's debut debut with legendary use of Roger Corman New World Pictures highly appreciates one of the best 70s floor classes of chick chains ever to love cellulose. Beauteous Russ Meyer Star ("Vixen", "Beyond the Dolls Valley") Gavin gives a powerful, winning performance as a brass, resilient new fish that does its best to stay in a grimy, hellish jail. Barbara Steele, always fabulous, offers a delicious image of an average, exhausting, sexually frustrated caregiver (her erotic dream of making slow, steamy striptease in front of her inmates is a real dilly). Longtime favorite 70's B-actor Roberta ("Arousers", "Unholy Rollers") Collins offers a fun, dirty and fun joyful blow that speaks about Pinnochio's bursting. Lynda Gold (Tobe's "Eaten Alive" and Curtis Harrington's "Crystin Sinclaire" "Ruby") makes her live movie debut as an unhindered wild Crazy Alice. And the constantly passionate Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith makes a wonderful, moving reproduction of his fragile scared innocent role in "Lemora: The Child's Story of Supernatural". <br /> <br /> Although this image provides the awful coarse language, nudity, rape and violence, it is still not a normal crass and a sexist piece of frenzied madness; The film explores very effectively many ways men are cruelly exploiting women, and strongly affirms the feminist notion that women can overcome obstacles when they are grouped together so that they can boldly fight against their misognistic oppressors. Demme's nervousness, confidence direction reaches through the glorious numerous, carefully monitored random details and admirable moments with admirable human handling. In addition, Tak Fujimoto's vivid cinematography as well as John Cale's marvelous oddball blues score is 100% excellent. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack is an amazingly terrific, cheap-rubber-monster-suit-creature) is a sideways bit like a jerking policeman who has his car stolen with a trophy when he stops at a gas station to use the bathroom. Lively, striking and enormously enjoyable, the "Caged Heat" qualifies as absolutely essential for 70-member film fans.
