The prerequisite for this film was the polarization of United States ideologies. It was a very flammable scenario in America where two completely different cultures collided. What justifies such gently spoiled activities anyway? .. Because this film represents a scene (although Hickock and Smith drank), these two men were not intoxicated or in any way under the influence of drugs! It was a cold and a clear case of the calculated debate. Basically, these violent acts were the end result of emotional and social neglect ... From time to time, in 1975, our nation has raised empathy for the deviations that have fallen victim to the environment ... But this is the case in 1959 !! This terrible revelation destroyed us and went to the people with a dash of controversial ethics! Recently released "Capote", based on Truman Capote, the creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood", the American people have raised a new charm against this film! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in the film. This is seemingly appropriate given his reputation for personal life! "In Cold Blood" focuses on an inexplicable element ... There was no vengeance, no tangible benefits that could be acquired, no potential for social progress here; ! The situations that Hickock and Smith regretted were always ambiguous! In these circumstances, why should they take their frustrations anonymously with an unsuspecting and innocent Kansas family? .. Does Geer (grandfather Walton) play a prosecutor's attorney who is sick of this macabre capricious act! His argument is absolutely convincing ... His claim is: "The two men who did not show mercy now demand you" This is a logic that forces me to make a decision about conviction if I were one of these jury members !! Absolute contempt for your precarious life in life is not a prison sentence for capital crime! It was Capote's instincts that demanded that such a violent act of violence be brought to the attention of the American public! If it turns out, it was a specialist in the future. "Cold blood" did just that! This incident was calm before the storm associated with the relevant aspect of the radical radicals of the 1960s !! Such a deadly symbol also served to understand the isolated interests that would limit the future of many typical Americans !!! <br /> <br /> Truman Capote does a tremendous job of authenticating this wild event with his book (which was the best seller) and the documentary ... Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, as well as John Forsythe, were incredible! Organizer Richard Brooks ("Cat on the Hot Tin Roof", "Blackboard Jungle" "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo", which are only called a couple!) Was outstanding in his film projects! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best films in film history !! The film depicts two unfortunate scary spells in theaters and completed the fascinating tritical joy of being recognized at the pejorative national level !! .... This film refers to the psychological dissatisfaction that spurs the emergence of the opposite culture by the perpetrators! The ideologies of our people are now very different when they were in 1959! This film introduces the American people to the emotional and enchanting culprits who initiated such an insecure metamorphosis in our universal value system! I recommend to everyone that they see this movie ... "Cold blood" was the centerpiece of the movie "Capote"! Think about it, making a movie from a movie is a rare and sought after recognition in Hollywood! In "In Cold Blood", this extreme example of a film that is directly psychic, intellectually lifting, and of course, it goes without saying that "In Cold Blood" was absolutely enchanting, as well as completely remarkable Film !!
