The real criminal story at the heart of Cold Blood may seem a bit "annoying" to those who are stories of classical serum killings (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer) or just more notorious cases in Hollywood (OJ, Manson). Important facts do not mean something terribly twisted: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (played here by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson) met some luck, being forced to rob a man in a farmhouse safe in Kansas, and after killing $ 43, four families left with a shotgun and dagger. In addition to returning to the US after escaping to Mexico, the resolution is not a secret. They were hit by some ironic opportunities (the policeman followed them and stopped them because of a stolen car when Smith and Hickcock helped the boy and his old men who collected the bottles) and were sent dead to hang. This story ended in 1965. <br /> <br /> But it is a story addressed, disputes, performances, pure film touch by Brooks and his absolutely wonderful (late / big) DP Conrad Hall offering a sharp widescreen black and white and storytelling style that seems realistic, without too much naturalism or too much melodrama (except perhaps near the end, which is the perfect spot). The air of the tragedy hangs over the story and not so much because of the killings itself, no matter how cruel they are, as the "third" person who tells the story of Smith and Hickcock, but because of the inevitability. You feel for those criminals who would simply be out of the ordinary or out of the B movie elsewhere. These are not good people, but they may not be monsters, at least all the time. <br /> <br /> This is also a great tea movie, as we can see at Clutter's residence in Smith and Hickcock (the real night scene of the late movie crime), then in Mexico, then back to Las Vegas in America. We can soak these two persons, probably even more than the police detectives who are not at first, and finally the break with the prisoner. It's actually so annoying to get it close to the two (similar to the unnoticeable quality of Malick's bad signs) and it's a sign of that time. There is no sermonization like "he did it for this and for this or that." We see how Smith had a malicious, psychotic father, but that Smith loved him and hated him. For the film, the complexity is too much, maybe too much for the Capote book (which I should admit I have read, though I plan). And we can see that Hickcock is the creature of slippery trust (ie suit and other things with bad controls), but without any deep-rooted explanation. <br /> <br /> Streak of Fatalism In Cold Blood, there are some brutal 60's, and it is the happiness of Brooks that his stars in Blake's top performances (this and the lost road, strangely enough, given his real life in recent years) , his most important work) and the breakthrough of Wilson before he became an actor. Though they are surrounded by good supportive works, they are self-inflicted, driven more or less by the greed and treasure of the fantasy of escapism, and remain in their situation quite a lot of death and through their ends. Is it a story of morality if one could be that it is more terrible to face the possibility that those who kill will not be able to classify, good and evil? Smith apologized for his crime before hanging and points out "but who?" This is a story that gives a true crime to the most tempered fans of bonafide chills and is probably the best 1967 American film.
