As I have matured, my fascination with Academy Awards has evolved into an intense interest in casual entertainment. As in the other comments I have written, it is often difficult to explain the strange results of voting at the Academy Award. Exclusion of "In Cold Blood" in 1967, as one of the five best image candidates, is one of those inexplicable cases, especially when one of the candidates this year went to the evil and unobtrusive "Dr. Dolittle". Only insomniac or masochism would be against this Rex Harrison disaster, but Richard Brook's powerful Truman Capotes non-fiction novel retains its ability to catch the eye of the viewer and leave him the final fade out completely empty. Although there is nothing particularly graphic or terrible on the screen, the film is definitely an adult material. Based on the murders of Nebraska in the 1950s, filmed in the real places where the murders took place, "In Cold Blood" was filmed in black and white with the master artist Conrad Hall, and his screen compositions require them to be viewed in their right widescreen relationship. With Quincy Jones's amazing score, Hall's work would have had to be headed over the Brook scenario as the pillar of the three pillars. The performances are also good. Scott Wilson has all the cold charm and Robert Blake's intense introversion as two killers. (At one point, there is an inner joke when Blake talks about Bogart and the treasure of "Sierra Madre" when a duet rides to Mexico. As a child, Blake sold a lottery ticket to Bogart in this John Huston film.) is a bias against the death penalty, although the despair of murderers somewhat denies this mood despite the last scene that is difficult to follow. Some have criticized this film because it focuses on criminals, their background and life, while the Clutter family, which was literally murdered in the middle of cold blood at night, has one-dimensional small imports. This imbalance stems from the book because Capote spent two deaths a lot of time during the death. The Clutter family was probably not studied to the same depth. But no matter what the death penalty can be or against, "In Cold Blood" leaves you in deeply contradictory minds. Run a double bill on the "dead man walking" and you may not talk on the days.
