In 2006, "In Cold Blood" is a 1967 riveting thriller with two new interesting contexts that he never had before. First and foremost is that his star Robert Blake was recently a trial to kill his wife. Secondly, the recent Oscar winning bio-protocol, "Capote", showed the story of Truman Capote, the author of this confusing real criminal work. These two new turns make the movie a modern audience in a timely manner. <br /> <br /> Separate timing as a film "In Cold Blood" is top-notch in every direction. The most remarkable is the amazing black and white cinematography of Conrad Hall (later "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition" fame). A number of photographs of the Kansas Farmhouse film, which could be sold at night or on trees lined with trees, as a fine arts photograph. With Brook's cracking-direction and excellent editing in early scenes (where we see the daily lives of innocent families that are going to be unnecessarily killed by drawing beautifully intertwined two miserable killers), a rich peeling environment is created that determines the splitting stage (even if everyone knows how it all ends up thanks to it that it is all based on real events). It is also nice to see today and age when brilliantly staged a murderous murder picture, where the graphical nature of the act is subjectively communicated to the viewer when a blood drop is displayed. <br /> <br /> The movie is also confirmed by Robert Blake's terrible performance when killing the duo's sympathetic but pointless brutal side. Renewing scenes of his terrible childhood are very well done. Then there is a story towards the end of the film where he talks to the admirer before he is sent to the camps, and he makes his last "confession" so that he speaks. This is one of the classic moments of the film that is perfect for marvelous, excellent writing, flawless marriage and haunting photography. I dare to delete a clear picture of the reflection of the rain from a window flowing past Robert Blake's burning face instead of the actual tears. <br /> <br /> The only thing that prevents "cold blood" is the slow moving central element in which killers are lying and the forced nature of social comments at the end. The political message about death is, on the other hand, crazy about killers and their compelling images.
