Although it was released in 1967, IN COLD BLOOD still remains the benchmark for all true crime movies. Veteran writer / director Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY) adapted Truman Capote to a non-fiction book into a cool doctrine that retains worrying power even today, thirty-five years later. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake and Scott Wilson depict Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, two former minions, who at the top of Hydock's old cellmate Floyd Wells invaded Hercom Clutter's home in Holcomb, looking for a safe wall that allegedly contained $ 10,000. But no safe was found, and two men ended up killing Mr Clutter, his wife and their two children, taking away only radio, binoculars and forty dollars. Two months running, including a purposeful "vacation" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when police officers hit them in a stolen car. But in the end, it will come after Kansas law enforcement officials have ruthlessly grabbed that these two men committed the harsh crimes of Holcombis. Tried and convicted of four murders, they were buried in jail for a five-year appeal and refusal period until both of them died on April 14, 1965. <br /> <br /> Blake and Smith are completely two cool reluctant killers who don't see any regret for what they have done but have been caught. John Forsythe is also making a good move as Alvin Dewey, the main detective investigating the crime, as his assistant Gerald S. O'Laughlin. The tactics that are so faithful to Capote's book as well as good artistic gambit, Brooks does not show the murders at first; Instead, it shows two murderers who are pulling up to Clutter's house when the last light goes out, then it cuts off the next morning and the discovery of a frightening body. Only when Fakeythe interviews Blake and tells this story, only when he returns to Kansas when we see the real horror of that evening. We don't see a lot of blood flowing in these scenes, but we don't have to. The gun blast and the terrible look on Clutters' faces, as they know they are dying, are more than disturbing, so there is no need to explicitly address bloody violence. <br /> <br /> Brooks intelligently filmed in COLD BLOOD, in black and black, and the results are excellent thanks to Conrad Hall's knowledge. Quincy Jones's cool jazz score is master. The end result is any kind of ever-disturbing film that is devastating in its low-key fashion. This is a 134-minute study of crime that shook the whole country and indeed the entire population, and should be seen, although the viewer's discretion is desirable; The 'R' rating exists for a reason.
