For anyone with moderate sensitivity, a moderate sense of human and humane status, anyone who can get over Hollywood, everyone who is happy, seeing a cinema that doesn't have the Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes series, which breaks the brain "Le Huitième Jour "waits for anyone or sees who comes to bed with whom anyone whose intellectual level is able to grab, understand, understand, laugh, shout with a warm gentle heart warmly compassionate HUMAN BEINGS. for you. Jaco van Dormael has just not achieved a masterpiece that would have been too easy; he has achieved one of these rare monumental works of art in a cinematic world that violates any encapsulation. Is it a drama? Is this a comedy? No: This is a story about Georges, a wonderful amusing ridiculous loving frightening personality, Downes Syndrome. This is the story you laugh through with your tears, but it's not one of those classic tears; this film moves through a world that at the same time interferes with your compassion or regret, or even with the feelings of admiration, warmth and even love. The successful banker, Harry, gets to Georges: they both went in opposite directions with conflicting ideas, problems and priorities; skilfully, van Dormael can melt these two unlikely men of warm friendship, but that is so much more than the good friendship of people with the road. It is a relationship that develops into a deep need for both. Cuasi-surreal scenes fit perfectly: Georges remembers (or discovers) the scenes of his past life while dreaming or sleeping; even the almost fantastic final scene is absolutely right. The only scene that can be considered a little uneven is when they steal the bus and drive off the display. This, however, does not harm the plan. This movie is a monument. Even if your French language is not much, please see the headlines. "Le Huitième Jour" is worth the effort. What else, just read the following comments? I'm going with them. This movie is a joy, it's majestic, unique. If you have seen the "rain selection" that I consider to be a great movie, you have to see it: it is much better because it is not superficial by famous Hollywood-made world famous actors; Do you have Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil? TENs for these two and three more for Jaco van Dormel. Who cares????????? Yes: out of 11 out of 10 if the IMDb rating is not split under the strain. <br /> <br /> Magnifique! Chapeau!
