Isn't there a bad dialogue in David and Bathsheb? "I was pretty hand struck," "the whole king of Israel in the darkness, getting into the enemy" (full points for Dennis Hooey for this one straight face), "Go and sit in the concubines." And I doubt that the eternal David said Never to Prophet Nathan "Whatever you say." She even strives for the old "My kingdom does not understand me" routine desperate housewife Bathsheba at one point. So it is probably a tribute to Henry King's direction that the film is not bad, despite the pitfalls of the first third. Maybe this is the censor-edible nature of the plot? married man kills femme fatale wife and gets away with it! ? but the king brings out the growing moral and theological complexities in the Phillip Dunne manuscript, not the hockey of sin and sandals. It is a controversial David downhill sloping down by the God of revenge, whom he no longer understands, and the film leaves no awkward unanswered questions as to why a loving deity chooses innocent, not innocent. . It even offers a truly surprising criticism of the law on sexual inequality, where men's failures are punished by their women. <br /> <br /> Unlike King David, who continued to be more interested in Saul in favor of the King, David is firmly at the center of the drama and despite the intriguing shrugging and honesty of a gigantic length when visiting Saul and Jonathan's death site, Gregory Peck's performance is increasing when David shrinks. Susan Hayward is a pure Hollywood prose, Raymond Massey is appropriately a theatrical prophet (why should it be natural if you have a voice that makes it tremble heaven?) And Kieron Moore's Uriah is such an uncertain reconstructed chauvin that you can't blame He was sorry for David, but despite threatening to threaten the film, the film does not allow David a moral freedom card for his death. Surprisingly strong but modest in design and Technicolor photography is definitely the biblical epic of the '50s of the 1950s. a short and short shot trailer that was deleted from the only battlefield of the movie.
