This film is famous for its many features: the literary script by Philip Dunne, which is a semi-religious film making, some very good results, first-class production in every department and the intelligent leader of the veteran Henry King. If someone produces a film, high-quality production would be guaranteed by talents such as Leon Shamroy, the operator, Lyle Wheeler as the artistic director and Alfred Newman. Include this movie, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward in the title characters, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton, and Gwen Verdon's dance and expectation that the resulting film may have been made something special. But in the script of the biblical theme, which is usually an altiv subregre for illogical motivations and marvelous interventions, everything ultimately depends on the author's skills. Philip Dunne has given people a rare achievement in biblical films. David is the man in this film who is multilateral, not someone who is doing mythical works on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-regulating, self-expressive and appealing. Bathsheba, Hayward is hardly the perfect choice, but it conveys a lot of good-hearted last year and emotional normality that helps to understand why the King of Israel puts so much danger on him. The rest is alternating and capable of taking turns. The familiar story gives them little work, but the author Dunne and the cast make human situations as much as possible. David's youth is spoken of in rebounds; how he chose the Lord's prophet to reign over Israel, and served his way to King Saul, fighting the battle of Goliath, Phinein, when everything else was afraid of the soldier of the crowd. He then finally rides from the King of Israel, Saul, becomes a famous warrior and returns to the kingdom and becomes the death tool of King Jonathan, formerly a friend. His wars are successful - the film actually opens with a successful attack; but his life is empty because his wife, Michal, Jayne Meadows, is the daughter of Saul and is cold for her. He turns to Bathsheba, whom he sees naked under the naked roof; later he admits he hoped to see her. But he has a man Uriah; when she gets pregnant, it is necessary for Uria to come from the battlefield and spend time at home; he asks David to put him in the forefront of the battle, even after Verdon's dance has aroused. David agrees. He is being killed, a war hero; but it does not solve the issue of infidelity. Israel will be a drought, and the king's infidelity will be guilty of this phenomenon. Finally, David puts the Covenant on the Ark, which has recently been brought to Jerusalem and placed in a temple that has caused the death of others who inadvertently came into contact, calling on their god to punish him - and nothing happens ... David leaves the temple and finds that rain has fallen his burnt land. This film is always interesting, diverse in its scenes and physically beautiful types. The director and author use the observer principle and, frankly, are more successful in humanizing characters than in almost every film outside the Grekian-Middle East canon, where the game is a little easier, because neither the miraculous nor the religious theme is central to such adventures. . This dramatic endeavor carries a repetitive study that is memorable for its glowing performance, good performances and intelligent dialogue.
