I was not a fan of first-person shooters, I was very hesitant to play this game. However, after the demo I was sold. "Undying" can really pull you in the game and be part of the universe your character is. Look. With a special spell you can see some things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Walking along the corridor, you suddenly hear a magical stone whispering, "Look," where the stone tends to paint, for example. And then you use the scrye spell to see strange and horrible things in the painting. Allow me to say that I recognize something that is scary. People who finish this game in a few hours can forget about it even by using fraud. This game depends on the character, using smart and carefully walking. Because like any horror movie, your surroundings are usually quite dark. And ghosts and monsters appear randomly if you don't expect them and you can kill them quickly. There's one scene where you want to enter a room where you have been pushed with so much power that you have the time to understand what happened. It was a scene that could have come straight from the horror classic "Evil Dead"! To experience something like this is a real achievement. There are many elements that take "Undying" to achieve the best classic horror movies. Unfortunately, however, I have to report that there are some mistakes. First, the universe you are playing is huge. You start in a large mansion with all the hidden, secret spaces and even the hidden "Oneiros" dimension of hell. It's all right at first. However, it can be frustrating between all the loading times and the heavy enemies between them. And there's no card. The game requires you to remember your surroundings. So patience is needed. There are also some jumping puzzles that you have to do otherwise you can't go ahead. I don't mind jumping on platforms for third party adventures. But in the first-person mode, that can be a tedious task. Fortunately, you can save it anytime, anywhere. And trust me what you need. In general, "Undying" is an extraordinary first-person shooter that deserves to be played by any horror or fan of the game.
