The saddest thing about this movie is that only 8 people took care of reviewing it and NO-ONE felt it was worth leaving a comment on the bulletin boards. <br /> <br /> Same year as Philadelphia ... Tom Hanks Oscar Winner ... this is a movie that people really had to see and give. These two people have more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty than in almost all the other films you have seen ... and that's all true. <br /> <br /> In order for it to be printed I need to leave a few more lines to say: it is enough to say that anyone who really wants to know what was in the 60s and 70s, just understand what AIDS was like today 's cocktails "made it easier for people to breathe ... this is a movie to see. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I'll add a personal comment on AIDS. When AIDS first arrived, it was called "gay cancer", and governments preferred to die rather than spend a red penny on research to save a bunch of heaps, then it became clear that AIDS is also a heterosexual disease. when straight people began to get sick, the only organizations and associations available to them were those created by the gays themselves (examples: Names project: a blanket that commemorates all the dead people of AIDS; act up, etc.) Ed, who probably shouldn't have been in contact with the gays of their normal life, suddenly found they read them and need them because there were no other organizations. This close contact, in my opinion, ended with the elimination of the barriers to prejudice and finally allowed the straight world to equate homosexuals. When AIDS first came to the scene, many of us thought the straight world would use it so that we could fall even harder ... and that would probably have been true if the lines did not suddenly get sick; nevertheless, the progress made in homosexual release - as far as I am writing - is at least five countries in the world that accept gay marriage - these gains would probably be much longer without taking AIDS. together. It is sad to think that all these people - both straight and gay - had to die before our common humanity became more obvious - but if what I am writing here is true and I think it is - then it is a bit of a convenience to understand that all these people did not die in vain.
