Despite Louis B. Mayer, allegedly not interested in signing a young Greta Garbo contract, this first actress, American and MGM, looked very beautiful. It is obvious that the film was given an amazing talent to film production and make it to the matte country, because it has all the beautiful polishes and artistry you would expect from the best pictures the studio could produce. It just looks beautiful - even 84 years later. <br /> <br /> Garbo himself, like his very early American films, sees it differently. Although she is quite recognizable, her makeup is much softer than it would have changed a year later - giving her a less serious look and tenderness that you didn't see in the following movies. I want them to keep this view, but given that he belonged to the brand's look, who do I say they shouldn't have gone that way? The film is about Garbo and how he and his family are being unfairly driven by landowners from their land. While the homeowner, much respected Doña Bernarda, claims that the bank has demanded a payment, its reason is that her son has fallen for Garbo - and what better way to get rid of it than to force them out on the streets! Nice lady who ?! Years have passed and Garbo has now become a new famous feeling of being world famous. When he returns to his hometown years later, his old boy (who promised to marry him but looked at if his mother, Doña Bernarda, did not allow it) will see. His new love for another woman has now been tested - will she be married to the woman who is the heir of the great pig wealth or does she want her old flame? And, more importantly, does Garbo take him back after he behaves so indefinitely? In the meantime, a huge amount of rain hit. The earth will flood and homes will soon collapse. Cortez and a friend make a crazy scratch when it breaks into the dam! In a scene where they obviously placed their boat on a cascade stream, he finally makes a living and home where Garbo is now. He welcomes them inside and they stay with him until the storm passes. Then he admits he still loves him and was angry to make sure he was safe. She tells her to be wrong! Next you will see that Ricardo marries his second choice, the daughter of the king of pork. He's obviously very interested in it - and you know you're a woman because he didn't do anything wrong. Soon we will see Cortez Garbo smiling at home - he is in love and needs him. In this scene, Garbo is quite luminous and can't tell him - when they dissolve in each other's hands. He once again tells him about his love for him. <br /> <br /> When Doña Bernarda finds out, she is not happy. Obviously, the queen of pork is better than the internationally renowned singer. Because of this nasty old wife, Garbo's departure, she doesn't want to come between her mother and her wonderful son. But Cortez works - proclaiming he must have him and he won't rest until he is his wife. Moments after its announcement, the family speaks to Cortez and persuades him to give him his career and reputation. So much "don't rest until she has her husband", huh?! Despite the fact that Cortez is a breakthrough and over, it cannot hate itself for some reason. And so, she marries the queen of pork and lives a very boring life. When years later Garbo met Cortez again, he was bored watching a medieval man - if he was as beautiful as ever. And not surprisingly, he tells him once again that he disappears. <br /> <br /> At the time of making this movie, Garbo was not in the US and Cortez. So, in the light of this, it is surprising that they gave Cortez such an unlikely character to play. Instead of a regular, self-confident Valentino-like role, they would have given him, here he is a force majeure - a big wimp. And here, his career was a slowly falling spiral. As far as Garbo is concerned, the role helped to create him as a big star - when he was in the focus of the film and played a character similar to his later persons. <br /> <br /> As for the movie, new music. because it was very nice, though repetitive. The odd print was almost perfect except for the charts - which could use some restoration. <br /> <br /> The most enjoyable film - expertly designed, poor and worthwhile. And one of the few things I think about this, I have no real complaints about this great movie.
