I saw "New York: I Love You" today and loved it! I was really looking forward to it after looking at "Paris je t'aime" and I generally think I liked it much better ... Maybe I have to watch "Paris je t'aime" again, which I don't know . I read some comments on NY: ILY and yes, the film is not without his mistakes. If you pay tribute to a city like New York - it may become quite overwhelming and nothing seems fair enough to make the city fair ... so without writing down the shortcomings of the movie, I just write what I liked. <br /> <br /> Unlike the "Paris je t'aimest", in which each director's short film was correctly segmented and titled "NY: ILY is not and many of the reviewers here have found the characters' smoothness and overlapping characters here annoying and even confusing. I thought differently. I loved how the stories just flowed one after another, and I especially liked the overlapping of characters - this may be a trick, because it's so often done in movies now. But I still liked it because I didn't find it forced. And the idea that we all have finally come in contact with it is very poor, even amazing - what some may find horny, but I find it beautiful. <br /> <br /> I liked all the movies, but what most touched me was Yvan Attali Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It had worked so well and it was written that the revelation that eventually appeared - again in the past - brought me to tears and I cried all over the next segment. I always liked Wright Penn and now I'm a Chris Cooper fan. These precious original seconds when he is standing alone outside the restaurant, just before he gets a call, talks about conversations about Cooper's ability to transmit a character, being just saying there. <br /> <br /> Most of the stories in this movie are characters that meet each other for the first time or have met each other recently, except for the 4-5 story in which the characters have been familiar for a long time. It seemed to me (and I may be wrong) that the stories were different, but they all tried to lead the home, even the need to simply step back and look at the people and things we know in a new light for a long time in our lives; see people and things around you in the stranger's eyes and appreciate them just as you did when you met them and saw them for the first time. <br /> <br /> The other films I liked were Shunji Iwai by Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare, Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby, Shekhar Kapuri with Julie With Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt, and again with Yvan Attal Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when they're in the cafe. I really need to see more work by Yvan Attal because he seems to like him a lot! <br /> <br /> In general, watch this movie with an open mind. Don't read reviews before viewing it! It may not meet your expectations of what movie and love should be in New York, and I doubt that any movie will live by this concept. Just watch this movie with some good music, beautiful landscape cinematography, some life-comfort and story, or two that could just drag your heartbeat.
