New York, I love you finally doing it on our shore, but 10 short love stories somehow did not find enough reason to release them to Valentine, probably because this year's festival belongs to Lunar New Year and accompanied by the usual LNY movie games Jackie Chani (not, not Spy Next Door) and local filmmaker Jack Neo, who has traditionally released his latest film during this time. So, why fix a formula that's not interrupted? <br /> <br /> Continuing the concepts where Paris, Je T'aime had started knitting a love franchise (Shanghai is next, says next here are closing credits), here is the idea that one city in the world is experiencing conflicting stories, that allow filmmakers to have a variety of interpretations to find stories based on love as a subject, although somebody probably forgot to tell Scarlett Johansson some of the finer points of the sandbox rules, and his short was accidentally missed by the theater because he couldn't do anything else (well, it was fired) black and white), but we hope it will do it at least on DVD. <br /> <br /> Structurally, this series is less fragmented compared to its predecessor, which, if the memory serves me right, would be within the limits of individual stories and never its artificial boundaries. There is a bit more room for action where the characters of different stories are influenced by the short stuffs used to bridge the scenes, and not only depending on the nature of the buildings and landscapes, hopefully seeing things a little more amongst the strangers is the idea of ​​casual meetings, although one story was taken for granted. to offer a surprise even though it is already in Paris. <br /> <br /> One of the main drawings to sit on a movie like this is definitely the creative power behind the stories, writers, directors and cinematographers from different geographical regions and backgrounds that reflect the cosmopolitan city makeup that comes up with the concept film. What's more, the stars with stars, along with the big names of the lesser-known people who raise the image of the ante through perfect performances, be it all based on short time or support. You cannot deny that first-time celebration is noticeable, recognizing Irrfan Khan Natalie Portman (who was also writing and directing), Rachel Bilson (looking quite like Bardot) with Spielberg's blue-eyed son Shia LaBeouf, who is surprisingly capable of acting and showing more in his few minutes here than his entire filmography until now. <br /> <br /> The story wisely, like any anthology, will find some that will automatically turn to you and others who aren't. Some are straightforward in nature, while others are lucky enough to have complicated turns. But these 10 stories plus 1 (because Randall Balsmeyer was given the task of integrating everything with a more organic sense rather than just taking pictures of less well-known areas and well-established landmarks) somehow had no more "something going" from his predecessor. in reality, more rooted stories compared to some of the fantastic elements of the previous film (someone with the vampire of Elijah Wood?) or even less adventurous with his narrative style (starring Christopher Doyle and Tom Tykwer starring Natalie Portman). Here, it seemed that filmmakers chose very safely, because no one came to this spirit of adventure and experiment. <br /> <br /> Little frustrations left me, I still enjoyed almost all the short short short, as opposed to many others. I felt it. The short film format is still very alive and the feature that is a feature of their circle of love is good, and continued to think about which other cities are or are included in its composition. I hope maybe the franchise will grab and spread here. We definitely have enough fertile filmmakers who would have gathered in Singapore, I love you, so here's the crossing of my fingers, maybe something on the road will come true. Otherwise, there will always be a Sawasdee Bangkok road that will change it without the addition of the franchise rules.
