Bonanzal was a wonderful wonderful actor. Lorne Greene, Pernell Whitaker, Michael Landon, Dan Blocker, and even Guy Williams (as a cousin who, in 1964 during several episodes, was introduced to replace Adam when he left the series). Chemistry was cast and they seemed really pleasing to each other. It made many of their weaker stories much better than they had. He also made many of his best stories great in Western drama. <br /> <br /> Like every exhibition that captured more than thirty episodes every season, there are definitely some weak ones. But at any time, every episode was an interesting story, a conflict and a resolution that usually did not contain violence. Although Bonanza was west, the arms fight was never the main attraction. Although I am a fan of Rifleman and wanted: dead or alive; these exhibitions usually ended with armed forces. Gunfights was how many Western countries solved each conflict, and Bonanza was very different in trying to find peaceful resolutions and harmony instead of killing. many attacks. These episodes stand in contrast to the rest of the series, but they are pretty good and in themselves. In 1964, when Pernell Whitaker wanted to leave the show, Guy Williams was replaced. Williams played a long lost cousin role. Unfortunately, Whitaker decided to stay for another year, so Williams was written out when he moved to marry Adam's old girlfriend. If Williams had stayed during Bonanza's duration, it would be a wonder how much better the series would be after 1965 when Pernell Whitaker left the show. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, when Pernell Whitaker left the series, the stories focused more on comedy and country. Whitaker had often played hard in many episodes and his absence was left blank. Little Joe always wanted a nice boy to play and Hoss always wanted a good old boy to play with gold. Because Ben was a peculiar and wise patriarch of the family, he did not leave too much room for any armed forces. <br /> <br /> At some point they were hired by Candy (David Canary), who became their fourth member Candy was never in any arms fight, and he was hardly more than an old Joe version. In a year or two, Ben was also another missing cousin (Jamie, played by the forgotten Mitch Vogel) who was a teenager who usually got into trouble with someone. <br /> <br /> Apparently, by adding a teenager, the studio wanted to attract young people. It also gave writers the opportunity to write episodes of teenage problems, alcohol, crime, etc. Such preaching episodes were popular in the 1960s as a media reaction to counter-culture movement. Dragnet was probably the most popular source of law and television, although Hawaii 5-0, The F.B.I. and many other exhibitions attempted to jump to the composer by making TV shows that showed irresponsible teenagers that caused mischief, chaos and crime. solve and solve problems, but these episodes feel very afflicted and are generally not very good. When Dan Blocker died, the series fell another year before it was canceled. The previous season was pretty bad because it showed the small Joe's killers of his wife and most episodes were somewhat frustrating because Little Joe was usually drinking or otherwise remembering how much she loved her wife and how unfair she had been killed. I don't think I've ever seen the last episode of the series, and I don't know if they've officially offered it in any way. Last year, only Ben (Lorne Greene) lived in Ponderosa, as Adam had gone (and never came back as a guest) and Hoss had died and Little Joe left for his wife (series) had been killed by drifters. <br /> <br /> Generally, 1959–6565. When Adam left, it slowed down slowly. Most exhibitions before 1970 are also pretty good. By 1970, this series caught the hips and topicals and lost much of the western flavor. Adding a candy and teenage child also diluted the overall quality of the show and the death of Hoss (Dan Blocker) was the last pound. Bonanza is probably the best ever made in the western series and produced 465 episodes of at least 100 of them are great Western drama! This is a pretty good record. Even the worst Bonanza is better than many other TV shows.
