I grew up with this classical western series and, as a child, I always thought it was late to stay on Sunday night to look at it. Bonanza is still endless in the footsteps. <br /> <br /> The series crowns the adventures of the Cartwright family living near the Nevada district, near the Civil War era. Their widow (called Ponderosa) is led and defended by the widow's father Ben and his single three sons, Adam, Hoss, and Little Joe. These three brothers have different mothers who have all been in the past years. <br /> <br /> Cartwrights is a hardworking, wealthy and respectable family that is respected in these parts. The ponytail is great, so it will end up, requires a lot of riding. It is also often necessary to make trips to buy or sell cattle. Needless to say, few of these tours go on endlessly. Although hospitable, much of Cartwright's energy needs to be spent protecting its flock from interlopers, or protecting itself from citizens who are jealous of their well-being and reputation. Cartwrights has a fair bit of firing their weapons into the air and into them, but only to be shot to kill if it is absolutely necessary. They are involved in a variety of urban affairs, even in the political life of the Nevada territory. three sons and (despite the frequent disagreements) between the three brothers. Now one brother can win once more, but for this reason he has a good reason for this, and his anger will never last long! The characters are all very well drawn. Ben is portrayed as a successful and noble honest man. The eldest son, Adam, the most rational and brother of the brothers, remained in the middle of the series. The average brother, Hoss, is the gentle giant of the babysitter who has an insatiable appetite and is somewhat shy about women. The youngest, little Joe, is a hot-headed, beautiful magician who, on the other hand, has a relatively large number of women. This brother's trio enjoys different romances, but the interests of their love are usually killed at the end of the episode, or else marriage can be impossible for any reason. Roberts (Adam), Dan Blocker (Hoss), Michael Landon (Little Joe) and of course Lorne Greene as Principal Family Patriarch, Ben. I also love ranch cook, Hop Sing, played by Victor Sen Yung. <br /> <br /> This is a great activity that is very valuable. Cartwrights are always noble heroes and most of the bad guys are pretty bad. If only such old western programs were on television on that day!
