Walt Disney & His 9 Old Men put their Cinderella in the 1950's Cinderella classic fairy tale, which I think you might say it helps to create an unofficial "fairy tale princess trilogy" from the classic Disney years. <br /> <br /> PLOT: Cinderella is a nice girl who can't stop the break. She is a great, rich widow who loved her, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's father felt she needed a mother figure so she finally married a woman named Lady Tremaine, a widow with her two daughters, who are about the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. First it seemed that everything went by, but then Cinderella's father died and the true nature of Lady Tremaine was revealed - she was a cold, cruel, brilliant, heartless, average witty woman and she handed these traits to her daughter, who was spoiled, dirty and equally meaningful . Anastasia & Drizella hate Cinderella because they know deeply that she has a better look and a more general, beautiful, attractive lady than herself (i.e., more pleasing to men) and their mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for the same reasons. Over the years, Lady Tremaine's family treasures began to be stubborn but pointless in their efforts to improve / refine their inconvenient, unpleasant girls (to be called "home" would be offensive everywhere in the home), while all three downgraded the Cinderella. a multifaceted servant of a house, abusing her, misrepresenting her and alleviating her potential (they are particularly interested in increasing their absurd workload). It brings us now to Cinderella, where she has flourished for a beautiful young woman who can somehow succeed in being joyful and enjoyable despite the abusive family and hopes that the tables will begin to benefit her one day. Cinderella gets her freedom and happiness when a royal ball is held to introduce the local prince to an eligible young girl so that she can take her as a wife, settle down, start a family, etc. Of course, his struggle for the family will try to keep him, even if he physically attacks him and dresses himself with a dress (with the help of mice friends - the dress belonged to his biological mother). Eventually, he pushed him outside the fading point, Cinderella runs into the courtyard and cries out in despair. It is at this very moment that his fairy tale, a short, plump, cheerful woman arrives, who offers Cinderella with a transport and a transformed dress (ultimately, the Cinderella does not make a good impression when she entered the scene as she had just raped the gang). Cindy arrives at the ball, the prince gets hard for him, but this annoying middle rule gets on his way, forcing him to flee, but leaving behind a glass of slipper. Make a Long Story for a Short Time - After a long and painstaking effort to find a mystery girl through a glass slipper, Cinderella is found and she and the prince marry, giving her a happy ending she deserves. <br /> <br /> Disney is generally a classic. Not without his mistakes, the most striking thing being that the Prince is a little more than MacGuffin to help put the plot down - he has very little screen time and even less dialogue, so we never get to know him well or get a good look at him Relationship Cinderella (which is unfortunate because documentary films were originally meant to play a greater role in the prince) and some additional scenes for Cinderella's own development could have been helpful (there was a song that showed him that he had an earthquake arm to clean the house, and no eavesdropping) in his stepmother's mailball to show his entertainment for the jealousy he had cut, because Walt himself thought he had put him in. But Cinderella itself is a heroine, even if he is built by mice 'friends, and for a movie that these days are getting harder, sweetness, and, of course, if it was done now, Cinderella would probably have m fighting against her family during dressing and likely to release herself at the peak (either by herself locking or making an impractical but exciting jump down) from her window) but it is next to the point. <br /> <br /> And for all those who say Cinderella is a bad example for young girls, at least Cinderella did not go publicly drunk and indecently open, unlike some of today's "princesses" (you know who I I think).
