People criticize Disney's animated features of the 1950s, which are too shiny and placed in too intact landscapes. This criticism is fair. And yet it can't be the whole story, because the least glossy - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are also the weakest. The "Cinderella" placed in a world where the very dirt shines is clearly the best. <br /> <br /> It looks good. Backgrounds are fine and consistent; the colors are clean without being too bright. Animation varies slightly. I swear some people are rotoscoped - but then rotoscopic people (including Cinderella himself) aren't in full-blood scripting, so this approach works well enough. It's really the animals that make the movie. I think the studio didn't use animals like totems in this way, not the sidekicks. For example, mice are the creatures that draw us into the story; but they are rather colorless Cinderella representatives or allies. Cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch familiar to a familiar child. (The cat is brilliantly created and animated - one of the best cat creations all the time. The watch animator was Ward Kimball and he designed it on his cat. I don't know how he put it with the animal.) This approach allows animals to steal this exhibition without our attention from the main guide . Their activities are of interest only in the light of the main story. <br /> <br /> There are remarkable people among the King and Grand Duke among the cast of supporters. The king has one comment - he wants his grandchildren and he seems to have no other wishes but the note is pleasant. The Grand Duke is a devoted character who deserves to be raised from his sphere as much as Cinderella. (Although he is of course richer.) <br /> <br /> "Cinderella" is returning to Disney after eight years of breaks, and not with this and subsequent films, he would not recycle his first years of crude light. What's more, he did himself a lot of things by choosing "Cinderella". He is a passive heroine and can't do much. (Maybe I'm wrong at this point - I haven't seen the recent "Ever After".) However, it is remarkable how successful Disney was to put this hostile story into practice without making it quiet.
