The legendary filmmaker Walt Disney brought the world's three biggest fairy tales on display. They are among the most popular animated films of all time. The first was his groundbreaking classic "Snow White and Seven Dwarfs", which appeared in 1937. The latter was then discounted "Sleeping Beauty", which made its debut in 1959. Probably the most suitable classic fairy tale between these two was "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films, "Cinderella" is the most reliable of its origin. Ironically, unlike "Snow White", which became better or worse, for many of the final versions of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Though it was hit and as "Snow White" was responsible for recovering the dwindling Disney property, he never achieved the same audience he certainly earned. Disney made herself proud of choosing not to make a classic, but to improve the story and add a substance instead of rewriting the screen. The result was enchanting. <br /> <br /> The combination of superb animation (the beautifully soft Technicolor) and the perfect voice technology brought the story to life with its radiance. Ilene Woods, who was a radio performer, recorded song record boards for the authors of the material, Al Hoffman, Mack David, and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found his Cinderella. And he was really. The heartfelt calls of Woods "The dream is a desire from your heart", "so it is love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who spoke at "Sleeping Beauty" at Maleficent, masterfully closed the mommy's cruelty, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly disgusting. Luis Van Rooten did great for both King and Grand Duke, and James Macdonald was both Jaq and Gussi, Cinderella dedicated mice. William Phipps has little dialogue because the Prince (future speaker Mike Douglas gave his voice), but the movie (and Disney) veteran Verna Felton was born to play the fairy tale, and he did the best (Oscar nominee) "Bibbidi-Bobbid Boo ") his own show-stopwatch. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the film's appearance was Mary Blair, whose inspired color was greatly admired by Disney. His elegant French backgrounds add tremendous film quality. But the most important thing is "incredible characters - from Cinderella, directly to Lucifer, who is a stranger to a bad cat." They bring a story that is often talked about for life and vitality, something very difficult to create in an animated film. <br /> <br /> With the 55-year anniversary of the movie (and not so casual, the upcoming holiday), "Cinderella" has just been released in a special edition of DVD. It's just never better. A fully restored movie needs to be seen as appreciated - it is enough to say it looks great. Added advanced stereo sound that delivers music well. DVDs, which are now a standard part of Disney Platinum publications, are too much here, but as usual, some of them are directed at children, some are biased by adults, and others are skipped somewhere. But real fans want to get a Deluxe Gift Package because, along with the actual cell of the movie and the eight character sketch, it contains a 160-page hardcover book that not only contains most of the material in the book released in 1995, but also much more. As usual with Disney, Cinderella is only available for a limited time. So, if I like you, you're a "Cinderella" mistress! This edition is really a "dream".
