And here's another piece of evidence that says we should worship all the Italian gialloids and admit that this is the most unique genre in the horror. Emilio Miraglia "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a wholesome healthy original drawing, stylish production values, enchanting music, excellent performance and inventive murders. This is a fabulous giallo (released in the golden year of 1972), one of the top ten fans of every Italian cinema. The story not only introduces your average black friend and sexually disillusioned murderer, but combines good old-fashioned retaliation motives with the delicious myth of a murderous "red queen". Youngly speaking, their grandfather speaks to Kitty and Evelyn, a sister-in-law who is constantly fighting, who kills seven people every six years on April 6, of whom her sister is the inevitable last victim. Fourteen years later, Kitty has become a successful choreographer (even sharing her bed with a general manager) as a modeling body, when the killings suddenly begin. Sister Evelyn would be an obvious culprit, but she recently moved to countries ... Or is she? Complex, yet convincing and accompanied by red herring is thrown to you every few minutes and the character of the red queen is certainly the most exciting killer in giallo history. His face can never be seen, but he carries a red canopy of blood and makes the most drug laugh when he made a new victim. He's not exactly gentle, because his victims are drilled barbarically with a plug, pulled behind cars, and even confined to gardens! The latter is indeed one of the biggest (= the most horrible) acts of violence I've ever seen! What more could be asked? Maybe there are some stylish and tasty nudity? Pretty female actors got it more than covered, including Barbara Bouchet and young Sybil Danning. Emilio Miraglia is not the most famous giallo director because she did it only and equally recommended by "The Night Evelyn Cave Out of the Grave", but her influence and importance should NOT be forgotten.
