whereas Dashiell Hammetti and Raymond Chandler's hard-boiled detective stories are a cinema-mounted chicken like a chicken that truly creates a modern American genre and style in this process - those that could be called the Golden Age fiction are hardly any impression. The problem with books such as Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers, or SS Van Dine (whose work is based on this film) is that they are little or different - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe pass through LA's central streets Working class rentals, bars, offices , rich manors and all kinds of exciting dangers and violence, fiction of the golden age is usually a fixed location, a murder scene, usually a rich country house, and the action is limited to exploring clues and questioning suspects. This is a very static procedure, a plot reduction puzzle. <br /> <br /> This is, of course, as ideological as anything else, the golden age stories of change and movement with hostile society; Hard-boiled novels capture the reality of the city, which is increasingly moving from center (both authority and city) to hostile, ever-uncontrolled and unlawful camps. Another big problem with the fiction of the golden age is character - because we don't know what the crime response is until we get access to the motivations or emotions of the characters, which are only defined by their possible need to murder. Unlike anxious, prejudiced, private eyes, the detective is simply bright and perhaps a bit eccentric. <br/> <br /> The problem with most of the books in the Golden Age is that they are trying to recall the school of Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen and eventually look silly. There has been success, for example, with the radical reprocessing of Ellery Queen and others by Claude Chabrol. There are only two in the English speaking world. Alistair Sim's classic, Green For Danger, works because it pushes the form almost as a parody, but never gives the integrity or interest of the mystery. <br /> <br /> This was preceded by Michael Curtiz's brilliant Kennel Murder Case. Narrative is a pure golden time. There is a repressive nature that gives many potential suspects a reason to kill him. She is being killed in a seemingly foolish way, showing suicide in a locked room. The cartooned police are hopelessly going to feed. Philo Vance, a gentleman and amateur detective, is not responsible for reading old and grease more meaningfully, opening things out of space, and finally solving a case where the body is a little more than a pretext Intellectual stimulation. <br /> <br /> This is not an interesting detective piece that can always be unsatisfactory because all the solutions are - although it is rarely less than entertaining and full of comic strippers. There is no real attempt to bring down the image of a "perfect" detective - there is one worrying scene where a brutal sergeant threatens to tighten the suspect, without Vance's protest, but that's it. <br /> <br /> What is "Kennel" classic is its modernity. Curtiz is not generally considered to be a great author because he has no common topics or evidence of artistic development. But he was Hollywood's greatest craftsman and is here in a sensational form. when the golden age of the detective story is merely a puzzle, Curtiz takes this idea as a logical extremity, creating an abstract variation on its source, reducing narrative, character and location to geometry, line-by-line, from the beautiful art-deco set of famous camera movements that suddenly break from static composition, and when they slide at an angle, pushing the life of a dead interior. This treatment fits a story that decisively refuses realism, a pattern that makes the detective piece a reflective hall, like the two central brothers, or the original crime borrowed from the book of "unsolved mysteries". This fantastic world of robbed rich men gathering oriental relics ("Moon Stone Tones?"), Inconspicuous Chinese servants, former draws, dogs loving bouquets, Runyonesque policemen, is Vance's perfect habitat. let Europe desperate for a cruise ship who knows the social world of these people, but has been violated by his interest in crime and police communication, or if he were nothing but a thinking machine, William Powell, the largest American comedian of the decade, bravely subjugating his idiosynthetic humanity. <br /> <br /> But if treatment is rare, the climax is remarkably brutal, involving witch dogs and murder attempts. The police and the detective, who should prevent crime, are guilty anywhere.
