There are some films that each Horror fan owes himself (himself) and Emilio Miraglia "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte". "The Red Queen kills seven times" (1972) is certainly one of them. When Gialli and Gothic were my two Horror's favorite genres, I waited for a while, and although my expectations were high, this masterpiece exceeded my greatest hope. Miraglia's earlier Giallo, "The Night Evelyn Cave Out of the Grave" (1971) was already a creepy and very atmospheric film that successfully blended Giall with a Gothic horror, but it was not able to compare that quick personal favorite. "The red queen kills seven times" is down, one of the most unique and overwhelming Italian fear films ever made, and no genre lover should consider it. Giallo, "The Red Queen", incredibly strange with a strong Gothic element, offers everything you could expect from each sub-chic: an invented and incredibly powerful plot, a vertebrate cooler, an extremely amazing device and a truly horrible atmosphere, eerily lush colors, stylish murders, brilliant scores, and no only the amazingly beautiful charming female cast led by Barbara Bouchet - this film is just one of the most beautiful combinations of the most beautiful beauty and pure fear. <br /> <br /> The film begins in an incredibly beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As little girls, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn have won when their grandfather tells them that the story is incredibly unpleasant: The legend has said that the devilish Red Lady returns to the castle every hundred years and kills seven people. 14 years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) has become a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly people are murdered ... Director Miraglia had already proved his incredible talent style, atmosphere and colorful creepiness "The Night Evelyn Cave Out of the Grave" and he uses these elements even further in this gem. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a real feast for the eyes and one of the most prominent Italian horror films, both visually and on the plot. Grandfather's Ghost Land alone can give the viewer goosebumps. The Red Lady (or the red queen, as it is called in the English title) is arguably the most toughest giallo in Giallo, the vertebrate laughter associated with murders would even be scary. <br /> <br /> Sexy women are always appreciated, especially at Giallo, and this is an example for this. The cheerful Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most amazing women ever to appear on the screen, and she is also a great actor. The presence of Bouchet has sorted a lot of Italian clips, among other things, it appeared during the year (702) on the largest cultural masterpiece of the 70's cinema in Italy: Fernando Di Leo's "Milano Calibro 9", Lucia Fulci's Giallo-highlighting "Don" • Torture duckling "and this unforgettable pearl In addition to the excellent Miss Bouchet, the film is also proud of the sexy young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti ("The Night Evelyn Cave Out of the Grave") and other beauty who is not afraid to expose it to the camera. <br /> <br /> Like the whole movie, the murders are stylish and extremely elegant but frightening and spooky, and some of them are quite tough. Bruno Nicolai's incredible result is as memorable as it changes and makes the film even more strange in an intense terrible atmosphere. The plot is brilliantly twisted and full of red herring , where the voltage level increases every passing minute. "The Red Queen ..." starts with horrible and it stays stunning for the last second. no movies I can't praise enough. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece that easily belongs to Giall's best and is a top priority for every fan of Horror and / or Italian. 10/10
