Michael Curtiz led this 1930s highly styled by Robert Presnelli Sr, Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel they adapted was "Kennel Murder Case", perhaps the most wonderful from the writer's point of view, S.S. The best of Van Dine's Philo Vance mysteries. Vance was a long-standing and good-looking genius, and his character, William Powell, probably meant that the Warner Brothers leaders were aware of the possibility that, with less involvement, the detective would go to the audience. Fortunately, they were first appointed by William Powell. Later he played Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lukas before sending the B picture. The second question, as always with Warner Brothers leaders, is why they chose Vance as a character; their determination was to choose men who acted out of the law, without any obvious discrimination against the brutal murderer and individual rights fighters. This film has a despicable villain who is being killed and a claustrophobic challenging locale inside the apartment complex. The characters are unquestionably well realized, the direction is quite good and unusually fast; and with the exception of the darker B / W appearance, the film avoids comic extravagant, superfluous characters, and irrelevant dialogues for many early detective records. Jack Okey did a good artistic direction. Berhard Kauni's music is usable; Orry-Kelly made the costumes. William Reese gave mostly cinematography indoors. Powell is an interesting way of spending time with Philo Vance, which is mostly thoughtful here and there with sardonic humor. Eugene Palette is better than usual at Vance's admirable police partner, a very professional timing. Another actor who arrives best is the beautiful Paul Cavangh, very effective, as always as part of the red herring. Mary Astor is attractive, but at that moment she spoke a bit too fast to be as effective as she did later. Also cast as Helen Vinson's wife, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as a villain, all have reason to kill, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as his pleasant brother Robert McWade as DA; peculiar and funny Etiienne Girardot has a cheerfully sharp part as a funny little forensic doctor who arrives at a crime position. James lee as abused Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent. The story is divided into four parts. First of all, there are shelters where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh show West Highland Terrier. Coe kills Cavanagh's dog to prevent him from winning his title. The second part of the scene includes vacation; somebody is confused who has gone where, after Coe's parts of his girlfriend Vinson, was mistakenly murdered by his nice brother. Enter Vance to find out who is locked in Archer Coe and how to use Palette; romantic difficulties have straightened, the Chinese servant has been released, we find out who broke the precious vase, who marries with whom, how Archer Coe was made and why the gentleman did it - but no one else with a good excuse. This is more than a good little mystery that the skillful Hungarian-born director Curtiz took quite seriously. He used the tray, quick cuts, camera angle changes, and alternating between simple and daring camera work to achieve different, interesting and lasting pace. Many writers, critics and experts, too, think it is the best of Vance projects, while others are appreciated.
