"Markham," says Philo Vance (William Powell), a solicitor of gentlemen in the city, "I'm increasingly convinced that Archer Coe was killed in this room. Fragments ... it's all here." you want to tell me the dead man walked up? " "I'm not trying to tell you anything, but facts," says Vance. "This is the most remarkable case in my experience." <br /> <br /> We are sympathetic. The rich, arrogant Archer Coe, who did not like the one who knew him, was found to have a chair in his bedroom, a gun in his hand and a shot of his head wounded. But wait. Further investigation shows that Coet was hit hard by a blunt instrument that broke his skull. Then he is wounded behind. The complicated questions are that the door and windows of Coe's bedroom were all locked inside. Coe was not suicidal; it was a murder. But how did the killer escape? What was the specific motivation, because so much suspicion? And why was Coe's brother Brisbane Coe dead in the main building's closet? <br /> <br /> The Kennel Murder Case, now 73 years old, still offers a stylish classic classic combination. This makes it work as well as it is, first the mystery is complicated and smart, but still logical. Second, William Powell is a fun and confident performance. Consider his work as Philo Vance as something that is his great staging like Nick Charles. Few things flee from Vance. He uses his thoughts to put things together. He is also a good company. Powell had stars in the twenties and moved steadily up in status and popularity when the speakers took over. Her intelligence, style and relaxed refinement have made her one of the most modern past. <br /> <br /> Some other great faces are also pleasing. There's Mary Astor like Lake Hilda, a young, outrageous and potentially rich Coe congregation; Paul Cavanaugh renamed British Hilda; Helen Vinson, who is a particularly homely and selfish way (see that she really does her things in Vogues in 1938); Etienne Giraud, a small elderly man, as a desperate Dr Doremus, whose work as a coronary and medical examiner takes him away from his meal; and Ralph Morgan Archer Coe as private secretary. This film has a high percentage of middle-aged men who do not have ounce fat, who can easily wear comfortable and English-compliant suits. Most of them are Eugene Palette, whose noble belly and gravel voice are Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are long-term acquaintances who look like each other.
