It is noteworthy that I am only the third review of this film, while Patton-Lust for Glory, a producer of Frank McCarthy's earlier biography of a controversial American general from World War II, has now collected nearly a hundred comments. Like the previous reviewer, I am interested in why one film would have received so much more attention than the other. <br /> <br /> The difference between these two films is that "Patton" is more focused, focusing on a relatively short period of time during World War II and right after it, while "MacArthur" not only covers this war, but also the role of this issue in the Korean War, as well as during his period as the American occupied Japanese governor. The main difference, however, is how two members are playing. Gregory Peck dominates this film even more than George C. Scott dominated "Patton". Scott had another big star, Karl Malden, who played with General Bradley in front of him, but no other MacArthur participant is the name of the household, at least for his filmmaking. Of course, Scott Patton was aggressive and fireful, a man who was sometimes in war with the rest of the human race, not just with enemies. I suspect that in real life, General MacArthur was both volcanic and an individual with Patton, but that is not in the film. Pecki MacArthur is a more reflective, thoughtful bent, comparable to the liberal intellectuals he played in some other films. Sometimes he seems to be a man on the political left. Much of his speech on the handover of Japan in 1945 could have been written by a CND paid member, and his policy of reforming Japanese society during the American occupation had half-socialist air for them. Peck showed something about MacArthur's gift of inspiring leadership, Peck makes him a good speaker, but his speeches always seem to be more of a practiced rhetoric to the tricks explored than to every heart. Just like Atticus Finch 'To Kill a Mockingbird' would have made a general uniform. <br /> <br /> When Scott tried to "warts and all" Patton's portrait, it was criticized for "MacArthur" attempts at some of its object's less attractive features. I think this criticism is fair, especially with regard to the Korean War. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to stand up with disturbing, militarily ignorant politicians who did not know how to fight the war, and he was beaten for his pain when the victory was under his hand. Many historians, of course, know that Truman was forced to pack MacArthur because his behavior is becoming a threat to world peace and he had no choice but to accept a deadlock because Stalin would not have allowed his Chinese allies to be humiliated. Even during Korean scenes, Pecki MacArthur appears as ideal as its original original; we see little of our pregnancy and naivety on political issues. (Truman's remark "he knows as much politics as a pig knows Sunday") was told about Eisenhower, but it could equally well be applied to MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy). Perhaps the film's attempt to mirror some of MacArthur's warts in the period in which it was made. At the end of the seventies, after the double injuries of Vietnam and Watergate, America was a difficult time, and the public looking for a confidant was able to greet the heroic image of the previous generation's military number. Another criticism I make about the film is that it falls between two stools. If it had been the full story of MacArthur, something should have been shown in his early life, which is not covered at all. (The first one we see in general is when it manages America's resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). One topic that lasts throughout the film is the influence of General MacArthur's father, a military hero. I would have liked to see what Arthur MacArthur was and why his son considered him to be such a hero and role model. Another interesting way to make a movie would have been to focus on Korea and MacArthur's collision with Truman, with equal importance given to both men and those with similar qualities. The way the film was actually made seemed less interesting to me than any of these alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> It would be wrong, however, to give the impression that you didn't like the movie at all. Although I have not interpreted Peck's main role, there is no denial that he played it with ordinary professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of strong, economical, biological, thoughtful and informative. This is a good movie, but it could have been better. In a pedagogical remark, the map that MacArthur shows during the Korean War shows the border between the two Korean states that did not exist until after the war. (The pre-war border was the 38th parallel). I also think MacArthur referred to the "tocsin" of the war. War can be poisonous, but it's hard to listen to the toxin in the ear.
