The impact of work-related stress and the pressure of moral dilemma, which deepens the conscience of a family business (albeit unique), is all that happens - or perhaps a catalyst for a medieval crisis. It was studied in the dark and swallowing drama, "Panic", written and directed by Henry Bromell, and starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is a narrative look at how indecision and denial can lead to internal conflicts and misery, which ultimately lead to apathy and the truth until the conflict is eventually resolved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; she has a loving woman Martha (Tracey Ullman), a six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail order company where she has run out of the house, as well as her main source of income, the family "business she shares with her father Michael (Sutherland) and her mother Deidre (Barbara Bain). But he's empty; For years when this particular trade has been, he has left him numb and separated, putting him in a mental state that has led him to see a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). And even worse (or maybe better, depending on the perspective), a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose drudgery leads her to live for the first time as she remembers, meets in Dr Park's lounge. He quickly gets to another wall of the brick's moral conflict, where his work has been visited by him, just as he cannot just think of him after their meeting. It seems that his whole life has become a "situation", of which he apparently cannot successfully push himself out without loving him. He may deny his age and the fact that he has indeed slipped into a real environmental crisis, but he will discover that the problems he is facing simply do not go alone. She is at the crossroads and she has to decide which way to go. And he has to do it very quickly. <br /> <br /> From a reasonably interesting concept, Bromell has designed a concise study that is sensible and sharp, and presents it in a way that allows the public to understand and understand what Alex is going through. He makes it very clear that there are no simple answers that in real life there is no easy way out. His characters are well-defined and very real people who represent the diversity of life and, moreover, any family unit. The film strongly suggests that the father's sins are irrevocably passed on to the offspring with irreversible consequences and consequences. When you grow up, you accept your personal environment as the whole world; and often for years in adulthood, one can begin to understand and understand that everyone who walks on the planet actually has moral parameters and that the father-appointed persons may not promote the son's beliefs. And it is at this point that Alex finds himself in the story; ergo, a medieval crisis or, more specifically, a crisis of conscience that it cannot get. This is a powerful message that Bromell delivers briefly and delicately with his outstanding performances. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy has for some time been one of the first character in the company to create such characters as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith in Magnolias, Shoveler 'Mystery Men and Jerry Lundegaard' Fargo. And this is just a sample of his many achievements. At one point in this film, Sarah Alex mentions "sad eyes" and this is a very telling comment because it contains here the strength of Macy's performance, her ability to deliver a very real emotion in an undervalued, plausible way that expresses all the inner confusion she is experiencing. Think of a scene where she sleeps awake in bed, staring at the darkness; in this one uneasy moment it is clear that he not only strives for his immediate situation, but for everything that has resulted in his life. In this scene, there is the total amount of guilt, confusion, and uncertainty in life that has all been successfully suppressed so far; All things that have always been at the heart of Alex's life have now gradually broken through their defenses and finally covered, demanding confrontation and resolution. It's a complicated character created and delivered by Macy with absolute precision, which makes Alex truly memorable. This is a sign that anyone who has ever faced seemingly insurmountable coefficients can be associated. This is a great work done by one of the best actors. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is also very effective; his Michael is desperately embarrassing in a way that is so real that it is chilling. In fact, it is scary to think that such people are actually walking on earth. It is not a piece of paper or James Bond villain, but a real evil personality that hides the look behind the look that is so normal that it could be a neighbor's boy, which makes it even more annoying. And Sutherland brings it all from life with great performance. <br /> <br /> Neve Campbell looks at Sarah's part, but his performance (as usual with him) seems somewhat pretentious, though his influenced behavior here just happens to be a character and is actually a positive aspect of the film. If he only turned his energies in from time to time, it would be very different from how he presents his signs. However, "panic" is one of his best efforts; A powerful movie that is finally a cost effective trip. 9/10 <br /> <br />
