Last Christmas, I was lucky to have one of my 1,200 Ultimate Bourne boxes in one of my right side but I tried to look at the last part of the trilogy yesterday. Considering how many recent trilogys have ended instead of triumphantly passing through it, I was somewhat cautious to approach The Bourne Ultimatum, but I shouldn't really worry. The sequences of electrical actions and bruises fight with intelligent story lines to make it one of the best action drivers I can see and finish with a great series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon returns after an obvious leak to Blackbriar - a new program based on the old Treadstone project, journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) at Guardian. Being sure he will discover more of his from the past, Bourne rises again, but other CIA members, including Deputy Director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn), believe that Bourne itself is leaking and will continue to force the rogue again. Can Bourne eventually find the answers he has sought or his old employers Personally, I felt a little disappointed with The Bourne Supremacy because it hindered the realism of the trademarks of its stages of action and focused on being the right spy film. It seemed like a rather burning spy instead of a novel as a action-thriller. The gun-shot has heard and felt itself in visceral joy, but fortunately it keeps a wonderfully intelligent and thrilling spy story in its heart. It also perfectly combines two previous movies, providing trilogy-relevant correspondence when things are clarified and expanded until the full picture is opened. All the performances are almost flawless - even Julia's styles start to offer more than a book-worm. The only real downturn is that this, like the other Bourne films, has little to do with the original novel, but if you're not a hard-hit Ludlum fan, it's not really a real reason to like that movie. Nothing like me more than a surprisingly pleasant movie and, despite my fears, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a splitting film filled with enough skeleton to satisfy the meat lines and plot that never threatens to leave your attention in one minute. Even on the last reel you are never sure if a happy ending is guaranteed, but are you a fan of the series or not (and if not, what else do you want?), This is one movie you really should watch as soon as possible. No wonder this series forced the Bond filmmakers to outline the forty years of film history to start again. Bourne is a modern spy hero and the latest Bond films look like Austin Powers as long as "Casino Royale" urgently needed a Bond series reboot. The absence of Jason Bourne's films is a crime that deserves to be handed over - go and get a copy of the DVD. Not the Ultimate Bourne Collection - Limited Edition, I'm afraid!
