When Bourne Identity arrived five years ago, I have to admit that I didn't think much about it. At the time I was eleven, maybe I was too young to really tell and understand the whole scenario. Two years ago, when the Bourne Supremacy arrived, I thought it was a better film than Identity, but didn't think it would be as good as I thought it would be for trailers. Over the past two years, I have been told many times that Bourne's films were amazing how many times I had to bite my tongue and not say what I really thought about the movie. Until two months ago, I couldn't give a damn about Bourne's ultimatum, I really didn't want to see it. But then I decided to go back and look at the first two before I made a sudden decision. So I went out and bought both original films. And what a surprise to me when I was arrested. Identity I found these two bosses, but the Supremacy is not far away. They are both slippery, exciting and exciting cinemas that I've been watching many times. That's why I was the first to see Bourne Ultimatum today. And the boy did a Bourne Ultimatum that wasn't disappointed! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actresses until he appeared in Bourne films, I saw him gifted Mr Ripleys, but I didn't think at all. However, he seems to have been born to play Bourne (pardon). Throughout this series, we have seen that character has changed before our eyes, in this film we see Matt Damon at the right, even the right, when he was in the Department and I thought he was one of the best things in The Departed. You really know yourself carefully and hope that he will know everything. Matt Damon plays a role of quiet intensity and you always find your character very credible. The pains supporting the film were also very prominent. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in Bourne Supremacy, here he stands out. His character is also very plausible and he has had great moments at the end of the film. Julia Stiles returns to Nicky and finally learns a bit about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underrated actor and I think she deserves more roles as well as decent roles than she can. David Strathairn is the newcomer to this series, Noah Vosen, he is definitely a bad guy in the movie and he really stands out. He is definitely the nerve we meet, and some of the decisions he makes are really nasty. Strathairn loves the role and also gets great scenes in the movie. Special attention should also be paid to Albert Finney, who takes advantage of his too short screen time, I am not talking about this character, it is better to leave a surprise, but trust me that his scenes are some of the film's highlights. <br /> <br /> Bourne's films have always been strictly focused on more than action sequences, it doesn't mean that trilogy doesn't have a sequence of action, a good god, there's no load in the movie. . But running the whole movie is very well written and well-functioning. This story comes in the best way in this movie. When I looked at Supremacy at night before I saw Ultimatum, it was nice because I can see some small parts. This very last scene in the Upper New York is much more important than I ever imagined. It does not spoil it for people, but I recommend checking the ultimate before seeing the Ultimatum. Unfortunately, they go to many people to see the ultimatum purely because they have acted. This is the part where I should condemn such people and say they should see it, but I would lie if I don't say that my favorite items in the Bourne series as a whole are car fleets. One of my all-time favorite cars is the identity of miniature automation. Well, ultimatum action must be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the film begins with an act in Moscow. So during the movie we get a lot of strokes, all very violent and shockingly cruel. The chase of a bike, which is absolutely amazing, many leg moves that are even more amazing, an exciting car chase that is unforgettable, and oh so much more! But for me, the Waterloo station scene needs to be highlighted, it doesn't destroy it, but for some reason I was caught. <br /> <br /> So any movie shortcomings? Not in my eyes, but if you are not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous two, then I wouldn't want an ultimatum for you. The film does not try to win new fans because it sticks to what the franchise does best and just adds a bit more story and action sequences. Bourne's ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the 2007 series and the best explosive. As a fan of James Bond, I have the great honor to say that the ultimatum is much better than most bond films and I believe it will take so much to say. Although Bourne as a whole may not be a better franchise than the Bond series, it is certainly almost equal.
