I've never been indifferent to saying that most action movies just don't do anything to me. In most cases, they are bold vehicles that blow things up, show off sexy models and throw away reality or intelligence out of the window. That said, the Bourne series has been fantastic. Doug Liman launched a new action using more cinema blood styles, showing battles in full force and making our superspy someone we can emotionally and humanly associate with. This is not a Sci-fi absurdity that was Bond (before they did no less repairs in the style of this series). There was much to worry about when the Bourne Supremacy came out. With the takeover of director Paul Greengrass, he received an original copy of the fact that it was an improvement in style and elegance. The stakes were raised and the story improved. Greengras must be given tons of credits to make the last installment of The Bourne Ultimate more visible. What is an amazing conclusion about cutting-edge trilogy, this action brings a new level and the story and performance are never compromised. <br /> <br /> Bourne has once again come to the CIA for false prescriptions. Someone has leaked information about a Treadstone update called Blackbriar, and when Bourne tries to talk to a new reader who broke the story, it is assumed to be a mole. Only Pamela Landy, the one who was in her case to find her in the top, knows she can't be one. Bourne's motive has always been to get rid of the government and live his life in peace. It has been a CIA that will bring it back open to destroy them. What ends is that Bourne also wants to know the source to finally find out who he is and what made him a killer. The film turns into an era and against each other to find the source and see if the government can close the offense and bind all the loose ends, or when Bourne gets his revenge against those who took his life against him. br /> <br /> What is probably the simplest story in the series, where only one story lasts for the whole story, is probably the greatest character and reversal of loyalty to reveal the underlying corruption. However, it is not harmful at all, as it allows more struggles and motorists to work with the plot completely. Admission to this film is worth it in fighting the apartment, between Bourne and CIA's other property. Jumping from Madrid windows is cool in itself, but when they finally meet, we can fight for ten minutes or so, which is just as inspiring to look like every face you see. In addition to using a massive passenger car as a climate complex, as in the first two films, we get instead three small races that are just as intense, but enough to never attack monotone. <Br /> <br /> After five years of expectation, we will also determine the origin of our favorite operation with heart and emotion. At the end of the movie we find out what has caused espionage and destruction around him. No one would have done better than Matt Damon. He has a conformation and attitude that is plausible in the sequences of activities, but also a range that draws the correspondence between intelligence and cats and mice against him. Joan Allen reiterates his commitment to his work, but also a bit more disappointment about what is happening around him after Brian Cox's creation of the first two films took his hands. If you need a role in this form, we have a nice move from David Strathairn. Like Cox, he works at the top of the food chain and doesn't make anyone in making the decision. As much as trying to cover every opportunity for the Blackbriar program superiors, when trying to fulfill their responsibilities to their country, you will never be able to judge what it can do. Even small boys do wonderful work like Paddy Considine as a reporter who starts leaking in the middle, Albert Finney as a man from Bourne's past and perhaps the key to his origin, and Edgar Ramirez as one of CIA officials sent to Bourne. Ramirez is a nice addition to the role played by Clive Owen (identity), Karl Urban and Martin Csokas. He doesn't talk much, if at all, but he has a look and a robotic efficiency, and hopefully they will get more roles to show what he can do in a nice move in Domino. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, Paul Greengrass has to praise overcoming expectations and bring this series to a conclusion based on the success of his predecessors rather than their destruction. His skill in the near future is amazing and he has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without the impulsive cuts. Instead of feeling overgrown, his hand-held use increases the environment and directs you into action. We are also crediting Oliver Wood, who shot all three Bourne films. She was able to work with directors as well as with her style in beautiful harmony.
