It was basically an attempt to do the same thing with "Batman", which was made "Surviving Gilligan's Island" under the "Gilligan Island". For those who forgot about it (and shame!) "Surviving Gilligan's Island" (full title: "Surviving Gilligan's Island: An incredibly real story of the longest three-hour history") was special for a few years ago, with Bob Denver ("Gilligan"), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("Professor") were involved in the story of revealing, revoking, rediscovering, and rebirth. Stories were dramatized with actors who depicted the original lie and team. It was very well done. It was funny, well cast, and sometimes a real exhibition document. <br /> <br /> "Back to Batcave: Adam and Burt's Misadventures" is in a similar style. The history, transformation, and general feeling of the exhibition are repeated. What's missing is the simple approach that "Surviving" took. <br /> <br /> In "Return", both Adam West and Burt Ward receive invitations to the auto exposition where they were not invited. After Adam and Bilt were allowed to stay, witnessed the central part of the show - the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to follow themselves, guiding the clues that make them think about the history of the exhibition. This will eventually lead to who stole Batmobile and why. <br /> <br /> Choosing this concept (actually a plot) is the biggest backlog of this exhibition. Unlike "Survival", "Back" forces the viewer to observe a less interesting story (Batmobile theft) rather than focusing all his attention on what the audience is most interested in (exhibition history). the historical parts that work best. Casting (like "Surviving") is great. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") also capture the actors' hours without * too much. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") is more closely related to his theme, but does not let any Gorshini late charm, but his testimonies. The images of other participants are short and functional, none of which is particularly good or bad. Many stories have been spoken before, but mostly they play amusingly, only occasionally with a trick. Another wonderful little bit of historical passages was the use of Lane Waggoner's tile to test Batman's part. The only place where the setbacks fail is that they clearly enter the plot points to promote the main story. This unnecessarily lowers the accuracy of setbacks. <br /> <br /> "The main project" (if we have to name it) is, of course, ridiculous. This is not really an error in itself, but it is not just good enough to cover the deficit. Strong performances and good writing can make up for a silly plot (especially in such things), but we don't get it here either. Western and Ward performances seem somewhat flat (even for them); dialogue is too carefully written to be natural. Again, I think a comparison with "Surviving Gilligan's with Iceland" shows that dialogue is mostly there to create a setback. In "Surviving", it's all he's going to. When he returns, he tries to do double duty and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Newmar do it well (although I agree with others that Gorshin was not well aged and that Newmar had - and what Waggoner looks good at?), But has not done enough. Again, I think all of them would have been better served by a simpler presentation than chosen here. <br /> <br /> Another weird point about "Back". This special is about "Batman" TV series and its history, but all the clips shown are from the movie. Even Wagger's footage is technically a footage. If you know you're a "Bat History," you know that the movie was originally intended to be made first, but it should be postponed for the TV show when CBS needs time quickly. So when Wagoner and West tested the role, it was a movie, not a TV show. Why "Back" uses only footage is unclear. It is probably related to legal issues, but it is a clear confusion for those who know: see Julie Newmar in the current, but only film, of Lee Meriwether as Catwoman's past. <br /> <br /> Generally, I liked the show, mainly for rebounds. I would have preferred the style used by Surviving Gilligan's Iceland, but I understand why they want more story-oriented pieces of the subject. Besides, I like these people. It's nice to see them and about, still having fun in one of the great entertainment history. I just want them to be a little better and if most of the original cast was still alive to be there.
