I didn't like many TV shows since 1990, but the THS 70S SHOW is great. Never saw it during this first move, thinking of an awkward period, I was wrong! I started looking at the traces and the more I looked, the more I liked! Now, this is the only exhibition to take place after 1990, which I regularly watch. <br /> <br /> Though the THS 70S SHOW mimics some of the 70's styles, attitudes, music, and flavors, it doesn't come decades to go over the 70s references and look. It contains so many funny, clever, biting dialogues that are trusted and confident in its major pain that it transcends the 70s clichés, being just humorous. Humor is what keeps the exhibition alive forever. <br /> <br /> Although this is a fun sitcom, no matter what the time period is the uniqueness of the 70s, it works for it because it gives the signature signature to the identity. But its focus on universal issues (family problems, teenage issues, marriage issues, reciprocal pressure), which deals with all these comic applause that gives the exhibition a mass appeal. <br /> <br /> Exhibition Center is one of Eric Forman (playing absolute comic strip perfection by future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is a super-skinny, geeky-looking, non-athletic teen, and still comes out as super-cool thanks to Grace's great peculiarity. Eric has 5 friends Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (played in a fun way by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama). We see Wisconsin's life at Point Place in the eyes of these 6 teenagers and boys and we can see a lot! Successful feminist Donna is an object of Eric's affection and 2 have the main relationship between the show. They will become a couple shortly after the start of the show and they will never be a dull couple. Most of the exhibitions eps end with those who have a meaningful conversation about them and their future, and it acts as a great attentive book post that works as a great contrast to the previous fun. Hyde is Eric's best friend and will soon be moving with Formans when his mother gives up; Hyde is silver, zen, cool one group and just sitting back, watching and making fun with friends of friends at aplomb. Kelso is a foolish group and Kutcher plays it as an absolute strong, showing amazing physical comedy and ever talking about some of the most absurdly fun ideas and stories ever! Jackie, who starts with Kelso's girlfriend, is a verbose, self-absorbing debutant cheerleader and is first accepted as part of the Kelso b / c group only, but she can meet herself, where they all have to accept her! And finally, Fez! Fez is a foreign exchange student from an unknown country (we never know exactly where) and she is a scene-stealer! "I said good day!" "Sina b * tch!" Valderama plays here only with a foreign accent because he is not really in reality and he is always character and creates one unique character that I have ever seen. The stealing moments of his scene often help to show me the show. <br /> <br /> The exhibition keeps us constantly in the minds and thoughts of these characters, including the fantasy scenes of how they would like or depict things. Gang gets into trouble repeatedly (most of this goal). They are constantly playing on-site residents and each other. They are hanging most of the time while drawing, erecting or just playing Eric's basement. <br /> <br /> Eric's parents, threatening, compelling red and lovable, happy Dear (also played by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp) are also highlighted. These two adults give the exhibition a much-needed mature point of view and consistently signal and advise 6 non-commercial wells. Red and Kitty are backed by Donna's parents, Buffon Bob (played great by Don Stark) and blonde bimbo daft Midge (super-sexy Tanya Roberts, who was on show for about half time). In addition, 3 full-time Eric's sister from Laurie (played by sexy sexy sexy Farrah-Fawcett lookalists Lisa Robin Kelly) was a great refreshing relief to fight with the main 6 Shenanigans and be the boss of Eric and his parents. sides! Kelly returned for 5 seasons for a season. But unfortunately, Kelly brought personal problems instead of replacing the 6th season with a new actor. The beginner did not succeed, luckily and he went after 6 episodes in a couple of seasons. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, at the end of the 7th season, Topher Grace (Eric) and 8th Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and never recovered when the 8th season turned out to be the last. Grace and Kutcher returned the series finals, giving the show a satisfactory level. <br /> <br /> Many great supportive and kame characters help keep the show fresh by adding nostalgia and humor. Top-level supporters were forever high Leo (played by Tommy Chong), pastor Dave, Roy (terrible comic by Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, and so on. They also got the legends Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) playing Red and Kitty respectively. Many celebrities also came from the 70s with the appearance of Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW) to Charo Ted Nugent by K.I.S.S! It goes on and on! <br /> <br /> With great nostalgic 70s tributes and references, fun dialogue and delivery, and a useless, imprisoned style comic, THAT 70S SHOW is the classic of television!
