Over the years, writers have seen a lot of superfluous things when the exhibition was just to go, no matter what "8 simple rules" hold after John Ritter died, but this is probably the first time I care. The idea that "This 70th Exhibition" without Eric or, to a lesser extent, Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to cover it with Leo's return and more and more unheard of story lines, but always seemed to be bothering you if you no longer had the main character. It just didn't connect, it was a set of interrelated things that were usually not even funny. The previous season seemed too seasonal for every season just because Eric used a lot of screen time and now we would have broken the face, how the rest and all the other characters were. Focusing on a gimmick that is Fez, it was totally uninteresting and the character just stopped working because the whole thing was that he was saying something strange away, and you can't say anything where there is nothing if every other line is yours. They also brought the usual cousin Oliver, but this time it was not just a child. When you heard someone knock on the door, you started praying it wouldn't be Randy. Please don't give it to Randy. It was with Randy that she did really terrible jokes, usually like a red saying, smiling like a ass and totally delivery and Donna would sew. I think more than half of the previous season was Donna pretending. The problems started earlier: what once was a truly wonderful show with a similarly big concept that the indispensable family was never slowly in the soap opera area. Everyone started to love everyone, emotional scenes were pulled out during nausea, but one flat joke was placed somewhere to direct the attention we look at "As the world is changing". I think it was a character formation, but it has been written almost as harshly as "Family Things". To be fair, the last episode, also because he had a Topher Grace fireball (his show show), was really good, even if not so funny. <br /> <br /> By the way, even more criticism in the 8th season: what the hell was opened on the subject? Not only did they use the same joke twice (a sign that didn't sing), Fez scared my hell. Dude, don't open your eyes so far. But the first five seasons that have ever been broadcast best comedies.
