Before seeing it, I was just waiting for an imitated Emmanuelle series mediocre soft copy of starring Sylvia Kristel. It was really surprising how good it was. It's actually a story and it's really very romantic. What makes "Yellow Emanuelle" so good is this leading heroine, beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She plays her character, Emy Wong so cute, that the viewer just needs to know something about her when her dreams fall over her. Emy Wong is a highly respected physician, statueque, regal quality. He comes from an important old family where ancient practices are still practiced. Emy remains a virgin until she is married, a man she has never met. The beautiful doctor seems OK with this organized marriage. It's just how it is done in your world. However, he does not plan to meet and fall in love with a British pilot who comes to his hospital for care. Emy decides to give up her usual and she gives herself to her Western man. But only after a very long treatment, like Doctor Wong is something other than a simple woman. His pilot, George, is a good guy and promises to marry Emy so he doesn't lose his respect and place him in a rigid society. Neither reads a third person, one Ilona Staller, who destroys their relationship through several witch weapons. Emy is convinced that her husband has given up on her, that she only played with her to sleep with her. His place in society is gone, he's broken. The film is a surprisingly dramatic and frustrating move, as it boasts of an elegant, elegant woman giving up her career as well as a sweet relationship with her caring father and giving up drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to find this so tragic story so quickly. I was at my place when George blows back into the city, and unknowingly walks around where his beautiful Emy works as a prostitute! Classic Drama. I imagine that many viewers were a little disappointed by this drama. You could expect a lot of sex and nudity here, but not much. And if it is, it is completely useless and very artificial and soft. If you are the first Emmanuelle fan, Sylvia Kristel, you will probably appreciate this, lesser known classics. Especially impressed with the special attention to detail. The whole segment where Emy takes her father to the island is really nice. His father shows George and the spectator his impressive Bonzai tree. He has a whole miniature forest built of these amazing trees. Totally unexpected. After receiving it on late-night cable TV years ago, I spent a lot of time searching the Internet for a copy of the movie. When I finally got it, I found that the video version was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. There is a sub-block of George on the DVD release, where suddenly some unknown fatal disease wakes up! I preferred cable version better. I'm glad that this rare pearl is finally released on DVD. I also have to mention the beautiful cinematography and the strange and memorable 70's soundtrack. When you look at it, you just feel that you are looking at something very rare and quite special. I recommend it to thoughtful viewers who do not want sex and violence to preserve their interest.
