I am curious (yellow) (the film on the Seussical rhyme, available in two versions at the beginning, yellow and blue), was one of the great artistic transactions that were for the first time Sweden's big scandal / cause-celebrity in the United States was in the possession of the customs and went to the Supreme Court. Nowadays, the picture is not so strong that can interfere with the appearance of sex or nudity - director / actor Vilgot Sjoman filming various scenes so that there are many flesh and genitals, and occasionally a graphic bit, but it is always more intellectual than very lustful A-but-daring attempt to clean the "metaphor" while making a real statement about the situation in Sweden. Who knew such things in a generally peaceful country (i.e., usually neutral in foreign and military terms) could be so politically heated? At least this is part of Somi's goal. Like a filmmaker such as Dusan Makavayev, along with some of his works, such as WR (if not surreal and uneven), or to a lesser extent Bertolucci, Sjoman is interfering with politics and sex (mostly in the middle of political and social strata), making it a commentary on the character of the film. Two characters, Lena and Borje, regard the story of the film as a hot cold relationship, where Lena is a "curious" socialist-wannabe who proves that street violence and "trains" in the woods cabin can become fully functional, while perhaps too curious about her car dealer boy . And as it happens, which in itself is enough for one movie, Sjoman himself and his team occasionally adds, because they make the story of the movie (there is even a bit in between, where, as if on a rock concert), title cards fill the break during when The team is to abandon the use of the final credit!) Then, if it is all other dynamics, because Sjoman gives the actual result, not just "hey, I'm the director of the director's play" a bit. <br /> <br /> First of all, this structure may not get and I'm curious (yellow) but a movie where Lena is a documentary filmmaker who asks questions in class, socialism, Spain and Franco, and sometimes we see Lena's father or Bjore. But Somi does something interesting: the structure is slippery and the viewer has to stay in the toes; it is impressive that for so many years the picture may surprise you if you are not afraid to mix dramatic narrative, documentary, movie-film and even serious interview with Martin Luther King, who is also a Lena quasi-guru. Politically, there may not always be a completely unified analysis, but it does not recognize cheating or even a large part of the satirical agenda like Godard's picture; Satan Syoman is after it is similar to Godard, but with the other wavelength. His anarchy is playful, but not fully loaded with semantics or tricks that could put a less-initiated viewer. <br /> <br /> When I'm curious (yellow) staying as an intellectual company and full of rest, studying the sex in a way that was and is exciting about how much has been shown, and how comfortable it all seems to be for the actors is not it seems to me to be a complete success as an emotional experience. When Bergman had it for T, making a purely emotional film with a tendency to deconstruct, Sjoman is better suited to associate with specific ideas, but can't really manage very well when it's time to make big or fine scenes with the participants. Sometimes it only works for actors, Lena Nyman (mostly grandiose in this presentation, asking her to make an ambitious but confusing boy somewhat sympathetic and vulnerable) and Borje Ahlstedt (a very realistic resistance to volatile Lenale), but about 40 years later it was hard to combine everything what happens in Lena and Borje's inner film, because (or deliberately) Sjoman fills with this cliché (Borje is a girlfriend and child, she leaves, how Lena reconciles her father) and a heavy hand story of her stars. <br /> <br /> And any bugs Soman may have, ironically, considering he has to be a comment on himself, I'm curious (Yellow) keeps a beautiful art experiment in the waters that could be made in the Swedish cinema, or experiment that doesn't can be, and bend it for provocative and comic use. I would even go so far as to say that it is influential, and is likely to be copied or imitated in more than one way, because it was a time-consuming cultural event (the specific technique used, the rewind of the film to the end, the funny play of the game being worse off) and it should See whoever looks at avant-garde or meta-film making. If it is not as prominent as the artistic leap like W.R. or Last Tango, it's close.
