In the future society, the military component does not have to be recruited; rather, their candidates are chosen at birth, killed in kindergartens, and they are destined to spend their entire life in government service. They are handed over to war machines, body and soul for reasons other than to protect and serve; they have no personal identity other than name and rank and no autonomy. This is their destiny, whose destiny is assigned to them "Soldier", directed by Paul Anderson and starring Kurt Russell. The scenario is tough and gloomy when the film begins by depicting soldiers' training during periods of time, from the predecessor to adulthood. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best, and we look at his career as he exemplifies his campaign after the campaign; he is what he was born, a soldier. But even the best can't go forever and the day comes when Todd and his peers are no longer an elite. New generation of soldiers, advanced genetics and technology products have been created and the Todd generation is suddenly outdated. The following is about the person who has to fight for his life, while he is trying to discover his humanity and individuality, the new soldiers who have only known two things throughout their lives: fear and discipline. Russell commands such as Todd, a soldier who must first and foremost fill in questions, but pushing down all emotions and individual thoughts. He has a couple of lines in this movie, but Russell is talking to his eyes. This role shows that he is actually an underrated player of our time; that he may disappear as completely as Todd's character is his ability to credit, and with that part he has created someone who is completely different from what he used to do. And he has given Todd the depth and credibility that someone with less talent would easily have changed more than just a different and superficial stereotype. There are also notable performances by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). The rounding of supporting casting is Jason Scott Lee, memorable as Caine 607, one of a new generation of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain's Church); Michael Jimmy Pig; and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson has delivered a film with a message, a warning story that goes beyond the genre of scientific literature. "Soldier" reminds us of the importance of keeping our humanity healthy. This is an entertaining way for us to consider alternatives such as a gloomy future and a world where good movies just don't make a big difference. Like "1984" and "Mad Max", this film, which is ultimately ascending, takes you to a break and think about what universe we all live and share. I appreciate it 7/10.
