Why do I like so much disorientation? Why do I laugh or laugh out loud at any time when I think this movie has twelve or more scenes? It's kind of hard to explain, but I'm trying to try it out. First of all, it's really very funny - unlike what many "official" reviews want you to believe. But then again it totally depends on your sense of humor, so there's no point in it. Often humor is in dialogue and is often a situational comedy. For example, this is a very fun scene where four gang members are raised behind the truck. When a farmer falls, they just stand by the road, covered with a cow *** or whatever. They are completely upset; when you understand the humor of the scene, they start laughing one by one and Ruben Blades (like Carlos), who look (and certainly smell) terrible, ruthlessly loose some mouth sprays to do at least something for your soul (just describing this scene makes me smile again!). Which brings another point: acting. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades, and Corbin Bernsen (okay, the latter somehow surpassed it somewhat) all fit and play their parts beautifully. filming. Third is the plot. Jim Kouf, director and screenwriter, is very modest; he takes his time to let the plot open, and the individual characters take up. More often than not, there is no real action, and yet you enjoy these four very different people who are trying to rob the bank, even though their boss (Bernsen) does not appear against each other and evenly, mercifully, like each other. The film is a fantastic parody of a typical bank robbery - absolutely impossible with all its twists and coincidences, but completely convincing in its love for ironic details. By the way, the title of the film is one of the best I've ever met because it summarizes the plot very ironically. So take my advice: watch this movie, but if you don't hit, injure or smile in the first 10 minutes, forget about it - it's not your type of film. PS. The only negative thing about this movie is that it doesn't seem like a scenario - if you know how to do it, tell me.
