I first saw this movie when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately, I was unable to finish it because it was late at night. Now I bought it on a DVD because I remember that I liked it. <br /> <br /> This is not really an ordinary horror movie. It has some horror elements, but I rather classify it as fantasy. I liked it, but I was hoping for a little more horrors and scary scenes. It is especially short when Anna's father arrives at a paper house trying to kill her. <br /> <br /> Now on the plot. This movie is a young girl named Anna, who gets sick. If she is sick and she has to lie down in her bed because of her high number, she will turn the house - the paper house until the end of her drawing. When he fell asleep, which often happens instantly, he finds a large green field near the house. She understands that the house is exactly what she has drawn and that all the new details will appear in her dreams. One day he pulls the boy to the house to tell someone. If she forgets to pull her legs (because she is sitting behind the window), the boy can't walk. Later, he tells the doctor that the boy is also a strange disease and he understands that he has been pulled with his boy into his disturbing dreams. He also notes that awakening his dreams becomes harder and harder. If he can't get his father out there, he leaves his father in the house. He makes a mistake and his father looks very angry at the painting. He is trying to worship him, but he understands that he has not done anything. And the next time he sleeps, horror begins. His father is crazy and blind (because he pulls his head to mark him "void") and tries to enter the paper house and kill Anna and his friend. His dreams became a terrible nightmare. They can escape and kill their father and Anna can finally wake up. When Anna finds herself in the hospital, her parents sit next to the bed. The doctors thought he fell into a coma. They tell Anna that another boy died and they want to travel to the ocean to overcome their tragic events. Anna pulls the sightseeing tower and notices that the same gazebo is near the hotel they traveled to. She runs to the observation tower and meets the boy (I just don't mention her name because I don't remember it and I don't want to go back to the previous html page) and can tell her and forget those terrible dreams forever. There were some things I didn't understand in the movie. First of all, it was the end that I totally dislike. I think it's too long, but the main part of the movie gets a little too short. How does a boy drive with a helicopter and talk to Anna if he should be dead? Why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall? I hated this scene that it was so stupid to me. It almost destroyed the main horror scene. <br /> <br /> The things I liked were Anna Anna's father's photo, which was the first real scary and horrible scene. I liked the boy. The actor was fantastic. He was even better than Anna. I also liked Anna's attempt to remove her father's painting when she was sleeping and how she was looking at the garbage. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a good movie. I'll give him eight out of ten.
