My name is John Mourby and this is my story about Paperhouse: in May 2003, I saw Alfred Hitchcock's psycho, I was very scared and deeply disturbed. I started frantically looking for a movie that was scary in the same way. But none as satisfactory. Among the tried and unsuccessful ones were birds, the night of living dead, the silence of lambs, the Blair witch project, the ring, the evil dead, the sixth mind, 28 days later, Texas Chainsaw massacre, halloween, dark, Alien, Peeping Tom, Cell, Rosemary baby, Don't look now , Witchfinder General, Friday 13th and The Omen. It should confirm that I was desperate! Long after I finished searching, I found out about Paperhouse. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on my own favorite book, Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse had also appeared in some of the books found in the horror film, but they did not talk about the relationship between the book and the film. I discovered the truth when I was online, later bought the movie the same day. <br /> <br /> I thought Paperhouse was not faithful to the book and boring. Unreliable was definitely, but not boring. That was the answer to my prayers Marianne is renamed into the movie, but most of the original story is the same. One day at school, Anna pulls the house into her scrapbook (nothing remarkable), she gets sick and every time she sleeps or sleeps, she finds out of the horrible old house (and I mean really nervous). He also finds that every time he puts something new in the drawing, this apple world appears in the dream world. Anna pulls into the dream a rather sad boy named probably a person in the real world. Mark is exhausting, but wants to leave the house, Anna pulls the lighthouse (the place to go), but the problem is still a sign. So Anna decides to pull her father. She gets her pencil out and goes to work, but the result is deformed and confused Anna doesn't like her. Quote "she looks like crazy". So Anna tries to rub her and start again, but the pencil is indelible (that is, nothing can be rubbed). Then loses Anna's mood and overcomes her father's eyes! I will leave you with the tragic consequences of the impact. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is really a British response to Nightmare on elm Street! Watching this movie continued to shock and upset me. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. The question is how to compare the dose with Psycho? Answer, 1 old dark house, 2 psychological distress, 3 real shock, 4 and very scary music.
