Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to fall out and her own creation world. A happy world he was saddened with by a little boy who was one of the old knees alone in the middle. In detail, like any house that draws a house and its resident Marc (who can't walk because Anna doesn't pull her legs), it's the inhabitants of this purgatory / limbo world. Anna starts visiting the boy and the house more often, trying to figure out what and what process the boy is trying to save, but his fever makes it harder for him to wake up every time and not only kill him, but kill him, and Marc forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! Whether Bernard Rose's wonderfully haunted and poetic paperhouse is a good word. A movie that is so simple that it's almost impossible to explain and forget. Although this puppy can be found in his horror section, it's something. This is a more serious fantasy that has been expertly managed and well run, especially by Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speir (Marc). And yet, it is not a children's film, but it was meant to remember those carefree old days, which are just blind memories. Rose creates a rich moody thin tapestry that creates a great story and great actors to play with. Paperhouse stays away from trying to explain that it is a more dreamy feature and leaves most of the things to the imagination of viewers. There's a lot of symbolism and ambiguity here to sink your teeth. The Paperhouse enjoys entertainment with players, engaging you with your own way of thinking. As the story opened, I was again and again impressed by how powerful the film was in the finals, which left me smile on my face and teared my eyes. <br /> <br /> Bernard Rose's visuals are great here. He is able to create a convincingly gloomy atmosphere that seems easy on the surface, but as a whole is much larger than the sum of its parts. It has a young Charlotte Burke, her debut, which is truly impressive. Unfortunately, he is not a screen ever since. The much-earned Burnout Central award seems only suitable for this performance. After all, the film is here and there a little, but I could just forget it. I wanted them to be darker, creating a much more powerful finale that would have proved to be even more modest and indeed damaging retrospectively. The film is still one of the books and deserves to be seen by all serious filmmakers. This is a poetic ride that is spoken through the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film that has much to think about and much more to praise.
