Emilio Miraglia's first Giallo Feature, The Night Evelyn Cave Out of the Grave, was a great combination of Giallo and Gothic horror - and this second film is even better! This time we have more of an equation for Giallo, although Miraglia does not lose the Gothic horror styles that made the previous film such a joy. This time Miraglia puts more emphasis on the finer details of the plot, and as a result, it is a typical Giallo labyrinth with characters everywhere and red herring every few minutes. However, this is a definite bonus for the film, as it can sometimes cause some confusion; there is always enough to keep the audience interested and Miraglia's storytelling has improved since his earlier film. The plot opens a scene that sees two young girls fighting before the grandfather explains to them what is behind their castle's rather delicate painting. The legend revolves around a woman named "Red Queen", who in the legend returns from the grave every hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later, the murderers will start ... <br /> <br /> Even if he only made two Giallos, Miraglia will have his prizes. It is obvious that the red color is important to him as it is strongly linked in both films; and she seems to be against women named "Evelyn". He also likes castles, the Gothic atmosphere and stylish murders - which is good for me! Miraglia may not be Argento's blood flow, but she certainly knows how to kill her movie at the top; and here we have the joys associated with Volkswagen Beetle and death on the iron fence, one of my all-time favorite Giallo death scenes. The molded woman's side is great with the stunning Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfat, who are eye-catching women who are not afraid to take off their clothes! Bruno Nicolai politely is effective, and although it does not contain much of the psychedelic stone he heard at night, Evelyn came out of the grave; it works well for film. There is something to shut down at the end, because although Miraglia turns over to the Gothic atmosphere, it comes over as a little hurry and the murderer's identity is too obvious. But even so, it's a joyful fun for Giallo and one that I highly recommend to fans of the genre!
