Finally - I have finally come to this and managed to see Pakeezah's "clean" copy! So far, I have only had a marbled nervous version stuck in Dubai TV from the 90s with distinctive English subtitles, a dazzling widescreen and a liquid color. Believing that such a poor (and short) copy of the world I find that a decent person was worth the wait and all 140 minutes even more joy than I thought it was possible. <br /> <br /> It was lovely from the beginning of Meena Kumar's movie to the end and I believe she was planning on her since 1958, finally in 1971. It was disgraceful that chronic alcoholism eventually killed her shortly afterwards and in fact she was too ill with some scenes in Pakeez, which requires a doubling of the body. In some scenes, the strain will definitely show his face. <br /> <br /> The Story of Purity versus Accidents I can only be a fictional person with no remote control experience, but I realized that this is a faithfully lost world that must be common in India at the same time. It is a bright and colorful film with a simple, relentless epic message, an intense romantic tragedy that is somehow feeling at the same time. But for me, this is the unique golden music of Ghulam Mohammed sung by the incomparable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiyo - and the part that makes this film so prominent. I've rarely heard such serious, beautiful, poetic, weirdly sung and played songs on the soundtrack of any movie. Singin 'In The Rain may be my favorite music, but Pakeezah has my favorite music, but Lata said that the songs themselves didn't mean anything special to her. The only regret is that the unique Mohammed Rafi was also one song here, although the classic duet with Lataga. <br /> <br /> Thanks to this, but not blind, mistakes, Pakeezah is my favorite Indian film that has been filmed at a time when India's Western violation has gathered and watched now, when Western values ​​seem to be sponsored by the state and de rigueur. At least look at Pakeezah to taste what Indian "pop" music had to offer the world before it was against drum machines, Bollywood Beat and bhangra.
