The power of the Kangwon Province is another feature of the director Hong Sang-Soo and clearly much of what he started in his previous film in this film, including several interrelated narratives (in this case two), and the troubled or worrying story, as well as a strong dose of irony. <br /> <br /> One thing that has clearly diminished his previous work is fancy flights that contained elements of surrealism. However, this film also contains one surreal moment that draws a contrast in a realistic image. Two stories follow a young woman who goes with her friends on a trip to Kangwon Province to find her strangers, another man who goes to a friend to the Kangwon province and fights her relationship Again, Hong shows a strong ironic and human deficiency and I still don't believe that he is completely uncomfortable with his symbols, pulling enough compassion to compensate for the criticism he draws with his irony. I think I think I have come to love Hong's movies, that they feel just as real, especially difficult and contradictory. Does not say that every human being is hypocritical or suffers from confusing feelings, but rather that these characters and attendees feel fully developed and credible. <br /> <br /> This is not a fast moving movie. There's still a lot, and like the previous movie, things don't always connect right away, so patience pays off and in a surprising way. There are no elements in the movie that are deliberately not placed in the movie, and it has made its bit hyper-aware of various seemingly extra characters when they are dragged into the mix as the film progresses. > <br /> Power is a great movie that can inject a level of personal emotion, regret it, miss a story that highlights irony and mistakes in making human decisions. This is a fairly difficult balance and it is surprising how Hong can pull it out twice. The values ​​of technical production are much better, as the first film and direction have become firm and clear. This film does not offer the same emotional wall that the first one does, but achieves much of its firm exploration and refinement really helps to make the overall vision work hard. Great view of art cinema lovers. 8/10
