Fever Pitch has many clichés that we have reached with romantic comedies of Hollywood: the relationship between two people who have little in common, the secret he hides, that he discovers, the inevitable break and the public? Well, I'm not going any further, but you get the picture. Despite its predictability, it works especially when you love baseball like myself, although I'm not as obsessive as Ben Wrightman, a Boston schoolgirl played by Saturday night live comedian Jimmy Fallon. <br /> <br /> Ben Hornby's novel by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel by veteran scriptwriters, Ben is a lifelong Boston Red Sox fan whose uncle gave him season tickets when he was seven years old and emotionally emotional at that moment. life in relationships with women. Ben is not only a fan, but a "fanatic" who travels every morning to Florida in Fort Meyers, the Red Sox Spring Training Games and does not leave home in the normal season. His family does not consist of parents or siblings, but the members of the community who participate in each game with him and his bedroom are not sleeping, but to visit the Red Sox Museum. <br /> <br /> If he stays with a business consultant, Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he is in danger of growing up, but Ben is not quite ready to do so. He would rather participate in the Yankee series than go with him to Baltimore to meet his parents or go with him to Paris and leave the Anaheim series. He takes his relationship on the brink of bursting to stop and think about his priorities, especially when pint size Dr. Phil wannabe asks him, "You love Red Sox, but have they ever loved you?" While Fever Pitch assumes that some things are more important than baseball (lost idea), you would never know how things are changing. Of course, the team that introduces the history of the Boston Red Sox is the team that breaks the hearts of their most dying fans, but this is the year 2004 when Bambino's curse ended and when the Red Sox moves to a new level, Ben can just do the same. Both of the leading performances are excellent and Farrelly Brothers even manage the gross. Although Fever Pitch can never be confused with an art film, it is a cheerful romp that must go as one of my guilt. Go to Blue Jays!
