Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town looking for news from his stranger wife and daughter when he finds him, and there is little chance of reconciliation. Although here, sheriffs and important people in the city learn Tollinger's reputation as a gunsmith city player. Because they live in fear of a mysterious landowner who cuts off the city, they have a meeting that decides to hire Tollinger to get rid of the city from its unpleasant elements. <br /> <br /> The man with Pistol seems to be either a forgotten piece or much less visible, while writing it has a little over 200 votes and 9 user comments. Both scores are a shame, because although the output values ​​scare that it is a B-film in the West, it is a good entry in the Western genre. Because a piece takes on a fairly common plot theme associated with a tempting city, turning from a nasty to a dark angel, it probably hasn't been over the years that I would prefer, I read myself in synopsis and thought it was just another picture of similar topics . However, I was pleasantly surprised when I found a dark dramatic picture with many enjoyable moments in terms of both technical and functional stories. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is in Tollinger's lead. some threatening threat. We often talk about the presence of the screen that John Wayne and Charlton Heston were, of course, of course, Mitchum is on the right. One of the queues here sees him standing in the shadows behind the room, when the meeting takes place, we can't see his face, but we can feel the piercing that looks through us! The remaining majority is also in the shadow of Mitchum, so it really is only a big man's assertion that proxy films are great, maybe it is unfair to bring a kick for Ted de Corsia, but the small drawbacks of Man With The Gun are his villain and sadly de Corsia was not in any terrible danger. Alex North's score is super-layered {Spartacus fans will definitely be on the ears} and Lee Garmes's filmmaking is very impressive when it is understood that most of this picture is made from a studio party. The director and co-author of the first-time director Richard Wilson, who plays weapons, has little surprise to the genre, but it's dark, violent and above all dark, very guarded. 7.5 / 10
