"Una Giornata Particolare" is a film whose title is so familiar that I thought I saw it more than once. Now that I finally saw it, I'm very happy. This is one of the best Italian films I know, one of Marcello Mastroianni's most wonderful performances, which celebrates such great Federico Fellini's other masterpieces as La Dolce Vita and 8 1/2. Under the leadership of Ettore Scola, this film that takes time to introduce the characters and slowly develops the story on a special day, the day Adolf Hitler visited Rome. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastroianni is played by Gabriele, the neighbor Antonietta (Sophia Loren). He is a member of the Mussolini party, a real fanatic in his mind, and he is no longer a member. The reason I don't publish it. On the day, every person in his building, including his wife and children, wants to see Hitler, they are still in the building. Antonietta's bird flees and flies to Gabriele's apartment, and the two meet. Immediately before Antonietta went to Gabriele, he thought of killing himself, again for reasons I did not disclose. How the story develops here, but I'm not going to publish it, but what happens between the two makes it so special, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianniel is a great performance. You see, he's a man who desperately wants someone around him, though at first we don't know why. Maybe he likes Antonietta, he may be in love with him, there may be other reasons. Antonietta knows what we feel. What does this man want from him? She likes anyway anyway. We see how she makes her hair attractive to a man. Loren also plays scenes very well. We understand his questions, although we cannot be sure what his intentions are. The moments where we find out their secrets, if that's what you call it, is a great moment. The way the story develops is even more interesting, but I don't want to spoil it for you. This is a movie you should see. Nowadays, there are great performances and beautiful cinema and the message given to us.
