As it was already, it's the best version of Homer's epic. Fully captured in Mediterranean natural surroundings. The sea and sky are amazingly blue, the islands are green and untouched. The garments are linen, wool and fur, the stonework and the void, everything is somewhat harsh and primitive, a little what you find in Cacoyannis or Pasolini films, and it makes it even more authentic. Although the story is based on myths and it is widely supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​what life could have been in the 10th century BC. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is somewhat slow and tough, but the collection is so beautiful that you can get there quickly. In fact, it is amazingly close to the original plot of Homer, if not the text itself. Ulysses does not appear before the first hour, when the beginning focuses on his son who follows him. Then he suddenly disappears in the storm, lands on the island of fascists, where the royal family takes care of him. His adventures are told as feedback to his hosts: the terrifying Cyclop, Circe's magical world, Underworld, sirens, and so on. He finally comes back to his home country, Ithaca, after 20 years, and it all ends up dramatically killing the applicants of his faithful husband Penelope. <br /> <br /> Like the story, Odyssey is a unique metaphor for human life struggles. The cast is great and international here. Irene Papas gives us a typical Greek tragedy style, like Penelope, but the most striking is Albanian actress Bekim Fehmiu as Ulysses. Really good looking and completely convincing, it seems that the role was actually made for him. Strangely enough, he wasn't offered this dimension later. Also playing Nausica is Barbara Bach (Barbara Gregorini), who later belonged to James Bond's girl "The Spy Who Loved Me", and Athena's play is Michele Breton, who was otherwise mentioned in the strange "Performance" with Mick Jagger. <br /> <br /> As it was 35 years ago, this series was quite innovative, as it was the first major European co-production on television (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I've seen this mini-series in eight television shows in France since 1974. So I was a baby and even though it was all black and white, it was a very bright impression. Throughout my lifetime I was wondering if I should ever see it again because it wasn't shown later on television in France. <br /> <br /> I recently found a copy of a DVD (all wonderful color) on the Internet. Unfortunately, it is only in Italian without subtitles, although the French and German versions were there. I have never heard this movie in English because it is widely unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world and it is a shame. If you have the opportunity to watch it, you will never forget it. <br /> <br /> Odyssey versions were not much before or after. Camerini, played by Kirk Douglas in 1955, has a classic sword-and-sandal like "10 Commandments", but not as impressive and very short for such a complex story. The special influence made by Konchalovski in 1997 is the Hollywood film, which is based on special effects, sometimes quite gently, very poorly acted and far from Homer's story and far from the atmosphere.
