No, it is not yet another fabulous OVA series, but rather a reorganization of the events that took place after Ghimi's death (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). It is also more accurate for novels that inspired this wonderful series, so the characters (namely Orson and Shiris) are reinstated and why the story may look a little different from OVA. (The included brochure provides excellent answers to such questions as various websites.) The first eight episodes of this 27-part TV series focus on the fatal battle in Demon Dragon Mountain. The other 19 episodes will be introduced by Spark, a blue-haired knight who identifies Parni and his dirty game as they attempt to stop Dark Wizard Wagnard from the Resurrection of the Sword Destroyer. <br /> <br /> This is not exactly the same as the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the finals where Parn saves Deedl from Wagnard, isn't it?), this television follow-up is still a lot of fun for fantasy fans. Even if the animation is limited (and the first step in the artistic line of LODOSS), its 27-part series of appeal elements. Fully realized characters from the story, magic, romance and great soundtrack offered by NINJA SCROLL's Kaoru Wada give this uneven spin-off a bit of a hit. criticized it for one reason or another, I liked it in general and still consider it one of my favorite dubs. So I had considerable hopes that 1999-2000 was made for Mr CHRONICLES. LODOSS TV English is mostly a satisfactory (if not a star) quality; however, it has some of the problems. A big part of the initial downfall that gave his English voice to returning to LODOSS (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedl!), Which is a nice bonus. On the other hand, Billy Regan's more mature Parn is more mature a little parallel. He did not do a bad job, but his voice emerged for the first eight episodes (causing immediate duplication of anti-duplication fans), but by the time Spark and the company came on stage, I found it less annoying. (I don't know if it's because it healed or it just grew to me.) Also, not all OAV dub returns. Jayce Reeves only votes for Wagnard's (terrible) episode; he has replaced Pete Zarustica for the entire exhibition, which gives a non-scratching but still malicious turn (as well as the expected evil laughter). However, Anthony Cruise Kashue is too tired and takes about five or more episodes to find her step. Oliver Gregory is probably most effective than Orson, especially during his recent dramatic scenes. <br /> <br /> In addition to Lisa Ortiz (Deedl), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscar (Slayn), Dub's best votes are from some of the newest characters, including Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack) -pisodes 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who pronounces Pirotess in OAV, but also voices) Ryna with vulnerability and sassiness as well as Karla) and especially Angora Deb (who steals every scene she is Leaf the Half-Elf). The rest of the majority is not terrible in any way, but a little more unequal than the OAV dub. Some are in order (Aldonova, Greevus), while others are weak (Hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.) and few were terrible (especially Prince Reon's enemy is too harsh and monotonous for the fighter). In fact, the lack of phonetic continuity (some cast members get a new voice due to some unexplained reason for reaching some later episodes) is one of the duplication problems. Among others, the less memorable and uncomfortable sounding dialogue, uneven synchronization, and finally (I apologize to its fans in the past) LODOSS ISLAND segments. These fun, super-deformed stops at the end of each episode will either entertain or ride you. I thought I found them a big inconvenience at first, but they grew up after a while. (Moreover, there are some fun features at the show, such as "I'm King Kashue, and this is my CASHEW! I'm really quite a nut!" These errors are just one step for CHRONICLES that is slightly smaller than OVA, resulting in uneven English story that is best than "OK". <br /> <br /> If you wonder if the Japanese language track is the preferred listening choice, think what? The Japanese version also has good and bad points. Although some voices are less irritating than English, I found that others are less attractive than English equivalents (especially the actress who makes Deedlit is not nearly as good as Lisa Ortiz OR Yumi Tohma). In addition, I should mention that the Japanese language is not the same in itself. Since the series has been made seven years after the original, all the cast members all replace one (Sho Hayami). Although they do a fairly good job, it can be a big resentment for those who were used to Japanese OVA pain. Shows that not all Japanese are better than English? Despite its shortcomings, HEROIC KNIGHT's CHRONICLE is still a fine series that deserves its ground. It is not without its harsh spots and may not always respond to its predecessor, but there are plenty of good points to fight bad, making it a moderately enjoyable fantasy anime.
