In the arts, the 1970s were very toxic. In the literature and visual arts, a period of fifty or sixty years of creativity was once more restarted. In music, it was the tenth that many see as low points due to the company's rock and disco. On television, it was a golden age for comedies, from Odd Couple to Mary Tyler Moore Show M * A * S * H, for the whole family, but in the film it was an even greater period of creativity in every genre This led to American authors like Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese rose from the ashes of old studio systems that had dominated Hollywood for over half a century. These directors wanted to consider literacy, art films for the masses that were already staples in Europe after the end of the Second World War. At the same time, the studios tried to keep up with socially conscious films that have not been seen since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But unlike the 1930s, such actors as Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually together with important children), who were socially sharply realistic or realistic, could be heard on the stage, in the late 1960s and 1970s In the early 1950s, the greatest number of scientific literary films appeared, which allowed the left wing of Hollywood to preach to the masses that were considered the most comic for entertainment. This approach was a precedent, as a number of 1950s flying plate films dealt with McCarthy's personal companion, especially The Earth The Salt, which is still and the invasion of body snatchers. In the early 1960s, Rod Serling consistently saw the social issues of his classical sci-television anthology show, The Twilight Zone, in the scientific literature, constantly disregarding political conservatism. This time studio offers eco-sensitive Silent Running; George Lucas' first film THX 1138 on consumption, group thinking and existentialism; and running Logan, which created individual rights for communism and state control. Some movie references are quite difficult and then the current Arab oil crisis and rampant inflation. Some jarred strawberries cost $ 150 and Soylent foods with dyed foods - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red, and the new Soylent Green, allegedly made of "the best underwater growth" in a way that is no different from time to gas. Food scenes are the shameful shots of many petrol stations during the release year of the film, and the crowd scenes and living and dead bodies that are all still cool, as well as influential. Later the film, like Escape From New York, is an obvious successor. The rest of the scenario, however, by Stanley R. Greenberg, is quite a pedestrian and quite common for a dystopian flick, but Fleischer and operator Richard H. Kline are doing a great job of filling the screen with interesting pictures and sounds. things up. Using a soft, dimly lit visual that has been brilliantly filtered, will add Stygian to New York with almost the same color as Carl Theodor Dreyeri Vampyr. The only light from the film comes from artificial sources, and if it were not in the movie, the film would be really timeless. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie, where Thorn slides into a processing plant where a person's bodies are made into Soylent Green wafers, is both chilling and strange drama. Eventually, Soylend's minions hunt down Thorn, but he lives long enough to express the film grip to Chief Hatcher. However, you do not know if this is enough, because Hatcher has already been jointly selected and has had a simple way out. But this fact and its ambiguity show that the film does not describe the dilemmas of its characters and its depth is much later, better movies, sci fi or not are not. This is also the reason why Soylent Green is still a movie worth watching.
