Document Documentation. This is one way of describing how you can get to the right of the river: a modern cannibal story. This film follows the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who returned back in the late 1970s to places where he spent time as a non-participant investigator over 40 years ago, first in West Papua and then in Peru. Tobias is the perfect character: a gay Jewish artist anthropologist who lives out a cruise ship that teaches tourists the cultures he has done to gain deep respect and understanding. The author of several books, who documented their time with both Western Papua asmat and the cannibalistic Amazon of Peru, has been haunted by Tobias during the time that had happened in these places and how his closeness and relationships changed. But Tobias's constant wonder and thanks to the places he learned has been a wonderful and real pleasure to watch. The attainment and preservation of such humility can only be hoped if Tobias is a prudent subject, as the experience he puts into two tribal movements has profoundly changed him. This film challenges the concepts of morality and "naturalness" - eg. nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (See the graphic circumcision scene). When questioning why he was involved in some local activities that others morally denounce, his non-judgmental nature asks: "Why not?" Who says the way other cultures are right or wrong? This small sleeping place must be interested not only in National Geographic but also in the art of making documents. This movie shows what you can do with a video clip. Editing gives a quiet revelation of Tobias's life, which leaves you enthusiastic. Sometimes he desires that the film crew pushes back the emotional journey, especially considering his age and physical weakness. We can only be grateful that Tobias promised to turn the tables on himself, perhaps with the compassion to understand humanity and his place in the world. Filmmakers provide some critical moments of balance, for example, by presenting an anthropologist who believes that Tobias determined his own personal homosexuality based on his personal interests. That means you can't decide when to stop the shock and when to hug it. Move along the Queen River, the best river ride I've taken for a while.
