The 1973 sci-fi drama SOYLENT GREEN world is what we could see if we are not careful. This is a world where the population of New York has reached 40 million pounds in 2022. As a rule, overcrowding, air pollution, year-round heat waves and food shortages. The only hope comes from a food called Soylent Green. But what is this particular food choice? This question is really a somewhat dated but still intriguing movie based on Harry Harrison's 1966 novel Make a Room! Charlton Heston's stars like Thorne, the NYPD detective, who comes across the top of the top management (Joseph Cotten). As it turns out, Cotten was on the board of Soylent Corporation, who is responsible for all the foods people need to consume instead of the real thing. Heston believes that this was not just a murder murder that Cotten was caused by. He gets a lot of help from his somewhat passionate but very smart "book" (Edward G. Robinson, his 101th and last cinematic appearance) and a few timely reminders of what the world was before. What Robinson finds out about Soylent Green strikes her beyond the imagination; but before he can tell Heston what he knows he is euthanized himself. And if Heston really explains Soylent Green's secret, this part has become cinematic in history. <br /> <br /> Director Richard Fleischer (BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a rather grim but thought-provoking look at the future of dystopia that mankind can live in without limiting our tendency to remove our planet from our natural resources. Indeed, it was a project that Heston himself had to film in 1968, after he had hit the gold in the sci-fi genre with PLANET OF THE APES - a fact that probably disappears when his ultra-conservative political philosophy comes up in the conversation ( after all, SOYLENT GREEN is barely unlimited in capitalism). Robinson, as always, is his last role as a perfect professional; the order in which he is euthanized (when he watches the world video of the better era set for the music of Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg) is just a heartbeat. The film is also useful for Chuck Connors (very convincingly hard), Brock Peters (like Heston's boss) and Leigh Taylor-Young as a woman trying to help Heston in her research. <br /> <br /> These days, it seems easy to exclude SOYLENT GREEN. But those who do it should think twice; the world of this film can become our reality if we don't see what we do with what we are today.
