"Allah's Garden" is an example of "popular female literature", a turn of the twentieth century style that combines the power of alien erotic and exotic respects with stranger-glamor-stimulating glamor, and a sad-masochistic bite of Catholic innocence. Just as Jane Eyre couldn't really be happy until her castle was burned around her and her lover was permanently paralyzed for her sins, or the Rebecca hero could not achieve a real fulfillment of her marriage until her husband's wife was put into trial for her first wife murder ( and his castle burned around him) or poor Psühh could not leave alone well and he had to give out Cupid's secret at all costs, Domini, the divine Catholic heroine of this roof house, can find true sexual understanding, inadvertently marrying a man who has given up their sacred religious promises. Like all narratives aimed at stimulating a female reader and inducing vapors, it relies on the oldest tricks in the book: the basic misunderstandings and the inability to express their true feelings in the right place and at the right time until it's too late. The logic is that every final sexual ecstasy can be allowed as long as it is willing to pay a high price for it at the conciliation of the last action. Paul Claudel has been reduced to beauty salon magazines. Oh well ... It could have been a lot worse and it was often ... <br /> <br /> Without religious recordings, the film's plot is your main porn clip. in the desert, where he has some rolls of dunes with a romantic, formal, but naive Catholic heir before his reintegration, all the passions that have been spent, leaving him confused. And I really disapprove of the other commentators' comparison with Anatole France's "Thais", a complex novel whose purpose was to amuse the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, some of which appeared due to Massene's same-name opera. <br /> <br /> But what makes this image unique in commercial female erotic magazines is, of course, a talented enormous constellation gathered under one banner, making this cinematic dream a dreamlike living life. Truly destructive Technicolor photography that transcends all of us, the scores of great characters (including one cute dog), Max Steiner's music, which seems to be sure to fill the "movie" that Michael Powell (who was ironically a bit of a part) In a quiet version, he always dreamed, often at the edge of decon- mology, but always thriving through the superb symphonic, opera exotic, dreamlike atmosphere, where material considerations are not the object, characters run like magic from one place. Next, dialogue is rare, vague and hateful, the artistic direction is close to heaven, flourishing appear in the most modest house or tent, the heroine's wardrobe is inexhaustible, and all male characters are aristocrats, saints, dead, but horrible sinners, mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! The presentation of this movie MGM DVD is bare bones, but impeccable. The bit rate is very high, color registration is almost always perfect, and the 2.0 mono sound really matches Max Steiner's score and Boyer's penultimate confession. <br /> <br /> Historical note on this type of women ": Next Year (1937), Julien Duvivier, inspired by" Allah's Garden ", staged by" Carnet de Bal ", with very similar clothes-horse or volume can't afford the hero of the mouth (widow after she has taken care of her exorbitant romantic alpine villa in the exotic distance of a troubled alpine villa) to discover what she has forgotten by looking at men's dancers in her first dance book. Any feeling that was at one point between his beam and himself was misunderstood, overestimated, or otherwise had tragic consequences - this was the cuvian way for Duvivier to tell us that we were holding impossible ideal ideas and that we all need to grow sooner or later.
