I discovered a book that inspired this film after that. This is not a strictly biographical film; it is based on facts "loosely". But I found it to be convincing and terrible to investigate evil and madness, and Michel Serrault's unforgettable result as Dr. Petiot. <br /> <br /> This movie has many memorable pictures; Petiot, who travels through the night like a vampire, his black carpet sliding behind him is almost iconic. There are also several possibilities for expression - the silhouette of the Petioti curve, which installs the stairs leading from the basement, where the pieces of meat of its victims await the ashing, reminds me of some scenes "Nosferatus". <br /> <br /> But I found this film's primary complaint to be phonetic. The soundtrack is loaded with intimidating sounds, starting with open-credit predictive music, accompanied by an unspoken call. Petiot lives and manages his medical practice in many small shops in the complex, and has a constant background noise with sharp edges. Also, the animal noise - the concierge keeps the goat, not seeing the cats - and later in the movie we see the unhappy cattle that have undergone undercarriage. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, violent and killing. <br /> <br /> Not only animals, but human voices are often heard - screaming Gestapo victims, Petiot's patients in their waiting room, monitored by the hearing aid, as well as suspected collaborators after the war are monitored in their cells. Even the film's activities are often arranged so that we hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when Petiot goes to see Kern, we hear her singing when she works, her voice repeats in the theater before we ever see her. And even when he appears, he is often filmed, his voice calling to his wife, whose voice calls him in the conversation. Prohibited voices echoes in large halls and their owners, if they see them, are taken far away so we can't really talk about them. This is a ghost story and these are the ghosts of ghosts - many of them are future victims of Petiot. <br /> <br /> But Petiot himself is often just a voice; his scary laughter echoes when he pulls back from the camera, throwing comments behind him or not in the air. In a sense, he is as much a ghost as he kills. She's always busy, calling her appointment, never resting. But his action is machine - inanimate and effortless. It is interesting that, among the horror and danger of the occupied Paris, Petiot alone is afraid; He is amused, enthusiastic, angry, irritated, disdainful, but never afraid, unlike the real people he attracts to his death. Not surprisingly, he has his own mechanical inventions, including the eternal movement machine (the true detail of the book - he claimed to have invented many machines); he is a kind of permanent moving machine himself. In the film, there are mechanical images everywhere, from the giant wheel of the film house to the Petiot bike (with sharp wheels that repeat the sound of sharpening knives), to Victrola to stop playing music before it kills. Even his routine victims are mechanical - write your wife a note, let me want you to hide before leaving, you need vaccination, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - like a well-oiled machine, routines are always the same, simply because the record is always the same. <br /> <br /> Maeder, the author, says it was the perfection of his crimes at the time, which was so heavily weighed against Petiot in his trial. His system was as smooth and effective as the Nazi concentration camp, and this may be the reason why Petiot's participation in French Gestapo and the occupying Nazis is part of the film. Unfortunately, this story does not work just because it is very difficult to figure out what Petiot does for co-workers or what happens when he arrives at his headquarters at night. Destruction of bodies? Hiding stolen goods? It's hard to say and harder to believe; it is unlikely that the state would turn to a freelance person like Petiot. <br /> <br /> But it reminds us of the duality of evil men; Petiot is a robber and murderer, but he is also a dedicated father and husband. Just as we learned that Hitler loved dogs and that the Nazis, who are guilty of the worst war crimes, can be loving fathers and family members, so we have to admit that Petiot can cope with inexplicable horrors and normal. His insanity is the madness and horror of an easily hidden Parisian military situation; if killing, abduction and disappearance occur everywhere, no one will pay attention, because Petiot throws more corpses into the pile.
