I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved it and not just for obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary film about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers trying to climb one of the peaks of Mount Everest's sister. Such a thing is usually not possible. Inspiring. Moving. Pretty standard, right? And even if the film was just that, I would have liked it. But it was so much. The blind Germans Sabriye Tenberken founded a school for blind children in Tibet, in a culture that sees darkness as a curse, as evidence that man did bad things in his previous life. Many children in school have fled their entire lives and, at best, burden their families. As part of his education, Tenberken shares with them the story of America's Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind person to reach the Mount Everest Summit. He sends him a letter inviting him to visit his students. Instead, he comes up with a plan. He organizes an expedition for them to climb 23,000 feet of Lhakpa Ri and provide all the instructions and equipment. Sabriye finds six people and this is where fun begins. <br /> <br /> The Erik team is mostly American, mostly male and mostly sighted. Like experienced mountain climbers, they are A-type personalities, very gung-ho and goal-oriented. Sabriye is European, female and blind, and her students are more than a "project" no matter how well they intend. In addition, the students are Tibetans, not old enough or confident enough to always stand for themselves. When the expedition opens, they become "between" the two adults who want to wish both, while at the same time wanting to gain the trust that comes from the achievement. As an additional obstacle (except for the blind, that is) they speak English as the second or mostly the third language and struggle to understand and understand. <br /> <br /> If it turns out that no student has any climbing experience and some of them are more coordinated than others, he will start to unravel Erik's original plan so that they all reach the summit. Since both students and teachers start to suffer high altitude, it is necessary to decide whether to continue or send some down the hill. High altitude effects include increased irritability and see how it feeds the conflict between adults. On the one hand, there is a risk of simplification for those to whom the destination is all and, on the other, for those who just want to travel. I'm not telling you how it all turns out, except to say that it was one of the most surprising and thought-provoking stories I've seen for a long time. <br /> <br /> The film also worships the bits of every climber's story narrative, and it was very necessary because once climbing, the children tend to keep their heads down and mouth shut. All around these dramas, it wasn't surprising. Backstories are alternately charming and heartbreaking, and I find it very strange that I found myself closer to the tears at the beginning of the movie than at the end. It was against my expectations and another pleasant surprise. equipment in the mountains and hopes it will not break. As with all major documentaries, the filmmaker was fortunate enough (or smart enough or ready enough) to be in the right place at the right time and has taken a very special story that is so much to say about people who want to "do what is best for the children", as it is for children.
