There's the episode The Simpsons, which has a fun news report that refers to the military training base as the "Killbot Factory". Here the comment is just a part of the thrown joke, but what Patricia Foulkrod's documentary shows us is that it is not far from the truth. After the Second World War, the US Army decided to solve the problem they encountered during the war; that many soldiers were in battle and found that they were not able to kill another person completely, unless it was a 'mine or their' issue. Since then, the United States Army training process has been to eliminate all moral stigma and lead recruiters to kill machines that do not think of fighters as human beings. Develop the most unnatural condition in these: "Sustainable desire to kill". <br /> <br /> First of all, this antiwar movie is not like that. While it certainly paints war in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses on an aspect that does not receive as much attention from the media as, for example, the debate about the legality of war or its physical advancements or failures; what the process of making a person a soldier affects that person as a person. It is a paradox that training military personnel to protect society makes them totally unsuitable for living as part of this society, and while most examples and interviewees are from the current Middle East conflict, Foulkrod makes a clear link with past conflicts, especially Vietnam. It does not mean any specific war, but rather the problems caused by war in general. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the movie is divided into three parts; how recruiters are taken into the army and how they get, how they are treated when they are in the fight, and what happens when they leave the military. Once this point is reached, you will realize that the main purpose of this film is actually the policies that are inherent in armed forced politics that have been set up to make soldiers an affective fighting force, but by eliminating all humanity from individuals. The interviewee tells the camera how the recruitment process looks so clean and simple, how the word "democracy" and "freedom" are surrounded, but after training begins they become "enemies" and "kill" and "destroy". How once soldiers do not care about what they are required to do, because they are rooted in the idea that as soon as they make an order, whatever it is, they are one step closer to home. They have no political or social ideals to fight, but to fight and kill as they are trained for this. <br /> <br /> But the main purpose of the earth's truth is to emphasize how the US army is being cast down by those who have returned to their homeland. Returning soldiers are not given real rehabilitation, and many are forced to go home so that they cannot see what they have seen and done, and most of the current policies seem to be convinced that the army has no legal responsibility for the psychological impact of the soldiers for their psychological influence. It is the last reluctance that, when used, they will be thrown away. <br /> <br /> If there is an error in the movie, Foulkrod will not attempt to show the other party an argument. You get the impression that a soldier who fought every war will come back with a traumatic stress syndrome. Would it have been interesting to see them? less liberal education gives an opinion on how the army manages training and politics. The other side will never have the chance to announce itself. <br /> <br /> But besides, this expertly documented documentary and the use of Foulkrod's stock and music is a completely usable warfare that is too often overcome by the fall of war.
