"Descent." Yes, yes. Boy ... Bruno Dumont '' Twentynine Palms '' (2003) hasn't seen anything so powerful and scintillating. (By the way, this movie must not be confused with another relatively recent picture of "The Descent" (2005), led by our Splat Pack friend Neil Marshall, who also happens to be a great talent for his right.) But when I get back to the effort made by Descent, the NC-17 (oh-oh) that cute Dawson takes the manufacturer's credit (congratulations) and steers Talia Lugacy (a strong opportunity that is not a real name) as good as it is (in moments), most busy people don't know it because the script is pretty wrong. As a manufacturer, you really need to make this script work hard. Of course, there is a conflict in the assumption alone, but there is still a challenge to the conflict. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this thing plays like an interesting experimental theater and well, I think I will give others who have already commented here to talk about its boredom, namely what is happening on the second work - but find me another thing , which is not boring? There is also this catch 22, which goes along with their independent films such as "Descent", where Rosario is associated with its "celebrity identity" and leverage to get the script into production, which would not be possible under normal circumstances, while it is in the leading role of the film. wrong. Rosario Dawson is fantastic and apparently this girl can be let down all day long, but, oh, wow-wee, how fast time just slips: Rosy is no longer a student. It's part of the confusion about the scenario: "Is he a graduate? TA? No, graduate students are not really against this type of football player, right?" Again, if you are Rosario Dawson, an active producer, this is one of many many aspects of the professional film process that you need to think about when you start this wonderful new role in your film career. And if you don't have an answer to why you're not convincing about the movie, let me tell you that there are boat trips and great viable, qualified, undergraduate talents who want to do business, who could have guessed it all the time as well as you know who; but unfortunately, no honey Dawson, NO money. I have to say that the camera department did a great job because this movie is really good (i.e. enlightened) in all its harsh / dreaming darks. Nightclub scenes are wonderful; it can be said that all these music videos will pay and play with time ... Shooting / framing is all pretty great, making the picture rewarding. <br /> <br /> Descent is good not great. But I feel that thanks to NetFlix, this movie finds its life. I hope that this group will continue to make films. If you're in experimental American filmmaking, cinematic imagery of a well-formed college plaque (or male model dropouts) in your twenties or if you are a student, just angry with the hormone-aggressive young men who make up less than half of their American university, "Rosario Dawson's Descent" may be your RockaRoll flavor.
