I rented this movie just because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to watch it with my friend and 6 minutes of glue on our seats. Not because of its intensity in 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no explosions; film. It pulled you slowly, rolling you tragically towards human fate. Some people think they enjoy the movie, but they are unfortunately wrong. They love movies; entertainment for entertainment alone. Michael Bay Transformers and the like were produced for this audience. No need to think about people, just look and never allow the stereotype we can accumulate to slowly dissolve your brain. We even place all movie ads in order to keep our products on the go. And don't forget the explosions, we all love explosions. Here we make the difference, art can be fun, but it is also worth provoking and moving you in a hidden way. Entertainment is rarely artificial and even arbitrary. Film is entertainment. Descent is a movie. Film is art. <br /> <br /> If you still have souls in your walking meat bag, this rape scene is as strong as "Irreversable". The difference here is that "Irreversable" was a violent rape scene involving two people whose teas, unfortunately, crossed the wrong time and hell. "Descent" means about rape. No less nasty. No less exhausted. Just different. It is associated with a breach of trust, desecration of the soul, and scars of deep hearts. If "Maya" would agree, it would have been a hot sex scene. But when he was desperate to escape, the scene is ill. "Jared" is a sick and manipulative serial aggressor, and it's completely annoying because it is so close to a passionate love relationship. How could "Maya" ever be close to someone, even when he was always slipping in case of rape even on the facade of his jade lover's boyfriend? He's destroyed. <br /> <br /> The film is beautiful in its entirety. The work and lighting of the camera from time to time removes the surroundings and focuses on everything "Mayale" and the inner workings of the spirit. All this achieved Rosario's facial expression and gesture. The soundtrack was great, a mix of everything. My particularly favorite scene is the synchronization of all aspects of the film that work together; "Maya" dances in the sea of ​​wringing bodies, something during his awakening, knowing that everything will be beautifully tuned by Jeff Buckley. I'll stop before that. Bottom line, I think it was the best film of 2007, hands down. Unfortunately, everyone seems to be so upset nowadays that if you do not hack or incline, you will not get upset by rape or dolls. Death is not the worst thing that happens to you. It is only the last thing that happens in this existence. The worst things will never leave you. They are always in your mind. When you shower; when you brush your teeth; when you buy Christmas gifts when you shoe sided; they haunt you. They will haunt you until this last thing releases you. <br /> <br /> Hold yourself. Test yourself. Watch this movie.
