The main Georgian film Georgi Danelia, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Don't Grieve is based on the novel "Mon oncle Benjamin" by French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844). The novel takes place in the 18th century countryside. Century France. The great French Revolution is still ahead, but some of its stormy signs exist in society. Benjamin, a local doctor, is the soul of a local society, educated, friendly and democratic, who often treats the poor free. This makes it very popular with local people, but it certainly does not help with its bank account. She is in love with a beautiful Manet, who is also crazy about her, but she is closely followed by her father, who called her daughter's "small capital" and has decided to protect her virginity until the marriage contract was concluded ... I never read this book, and describes it sounds like a charming very French novel, but I am fascinated by the movement of characters and some plot elements from the 18th century France to the beginning of the 20th century Georgia-Grusiya. I think it was Danel, who presented all the colorful, memorable characters that feel at home in Georgia-Grusiyas, a country of long and wonderful traditions, including the art of wine making and drinking, rare musical talents that all Georgia seems to be very unique humor and great honor. When we watched the movie with her husband last night, she said it was a great example of an art film, and I agree. Grieve is a perfect art film, visually beautiful, deep, but funny, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never preaching arrogant but optimistic, celebrating life with all its beauty and sadness, full of interesting, loving irony and understanding of its slightly eccentric, but very human . The most important thing is that the film is warm and gentle, it doesn't see the viewers down when some artwork is done. You don't have to be a filmmaker to love it, live with it, smile and throw, follow a good-hearted young doctor Benjamin (the first role in the famous singers and actors Wachtang Kikabidze Danelia) whom Danel would continue with two more films, including one of my all time favorites Mimino) on your journey and on the Georgian mountains. Or be a guest at a particular party where friends gather to celebrate the life of an old doctor, Levan, who wanted to be his awake guest, to hear what his friends say about him when he dies while he is still alive and who can choose what color he prefers his coffin. When I watched the film, I thought it was a kind of film Federico Fellini could have. I was not at all surprised to find an article about Danelia, where he calls Fellini his first leader. I also found that the famous Soviet director Danelia, Leonid Gaiday (the creator of many beloved comedies) and Sergei Parashanov (the seer I do not have to introduce, loved another Danelia movie, the fairy tale American boy Huck Finn,) did not know and did not know spoke negatively when Fellini praised it. I dare go a little further and just think maybe Maestro Fellini remembered taking some pictures and not Grieve's aura and atmosphere in 1973 when making Amrarcord. Just a thought, because there is something important that connects both movies. Both artists came back to their roots, to the places they deeply love, to the people they remembered, loved and wanted to respect. Both films have a lot of smiles through tears. Both are Art movies that go directly into the hearts of the viewers. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I will add Georgi Danel to my list of favorite guides. He has made some brilliant pictures of his most favorite dramatic genre, even tragic comedies that are funny and bitter, sweet, fine and fine, soils and exalted, delicate and bright. When I looked at the list of films he wrote / directed, I was surprised that he hadn't made any bad films because he started an award-winning story in 1960 from a young shop in Seryozh. Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites because I am sure they are among the legions of his fans. The man behind Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972), which is Mark Twain's adaptation of Huckleberry Fin's adventures, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964) aka Walking the Streets of Moscow, No goryuy (1969) aka Don't frighten, Afonya (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy Marafon (1979), or Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, which is a very good title for this film, and the whole genre Danelia practically invented, and the cult's favorite over 20 years of Kin-Dza-Dza (1986) is great and worthy our true love and true thanks to the unforgettable moments of cinematic happiness.
