This is a movie that has missed me so far, but now that I've watched it, this one of the biggest noir-style entries appears. As usual in DivX format, viewing was far from ideal? video and (mostly) sounds from time to time violated? but given that the movie is still not available on R1 DVD, it must be done now. Since the film's reputation is quite high within this genre, I assume that the reason for this is that it does not have a well-known actor. <br /> <br /> Anyway, is the movie's nominal star ?? Franchise Tone? wraps quite a wall (especially if he has shown that he is the first villain)! Was it an undervalued actor? he was rarely given carnal roles and it could be his best (making his paranoia so exciting and believably dangerous). Female driver? Ella Raines, who later participated in the BRUTE FORCE (1947), as well as the Siodmaki's THE SUSPECT (1944) and UNCLE HARRY (1945) STRUCTURES? is pretty cute and capable of fulfilling the role of a frustrated secretary to prove his convicted boss (Alan Baxter) innocent of his wife's cruel murder. Other major supporting elements are investigated by Thomas Gomez as originally bullying, but ultimately a sympathetic police investigator and Elisha Cook Jr. the most important fallback of the genre? like the perplexing "male man" of the percussionist. <br /> <br /> Like BRUTE FORCE Jules Dassin, Siodmak was at this moment in his career and this movie will definitely be a great move? ? all beveled corners and terrible sets, including a fairly marked jazz sequence, where Cook admonishes with his drums a sexual craze brought by sluttish-attired Raines (who makes his lead and eventually lead him) to admit that he confirmed the evidence during the investigation that could bring down his left lover's prison). Another big and long sequence is where Raines is followed by a barman (another non-cooperating witness) around New York's streets? resulting in car mowing! Is it also a test series? which are fully depicted through an audience reaction so that the judge, jury, witnesses and D.A. they are never really seen (although the judge's voice is well recognized by veteran figure Samuel S. Hinds). The centerpiece of the film is the scene where Gomez and Tone discuss the nature of the involved criminals, the inspector having given the last mental madness, initially giving a mysterious tone of "dizzying weather". The suspicious climax finds Raines alone with Toon in his apartment, where he finds evidence of his guilt? and he admitted he had a thing with Baxter's wife, but he killed him if he didn't help his wife. <br /> <br /> By the way, do I hit the movie on a small grave: the story is clearly set in 1943, I noticed that during the taxi ride, the film is going to the beginning of the movie? where did Alan Curtis award the title? New York's creative image (which clearly contains the film footage) includes a tent that promotes Laurel and Hardy's 1938 music comedy, SWISS MISS! By the way, the famous mystery writer Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel on which it is based on a pseudonym.
