Alan Curtis has a loud, violent sounding debate with her husband, she pulls out of her apartment, runs in the evening with a mysterious lady in a big hat bar (led by Andrew Tombes, in a nice, pleasant change) and returns to find her husband dead and the police led by Thomas Gomez . His attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with this mysterious lady - fall, because anyone he thinks (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims to never have such a person. She doesn't get alibi, although her secretary (who secretly loves her) Ellen Raines believes in her. After conviction, he is awaiting his death sentence. Raines will go out after the truth, discovering that Gomez has doubts about himself. He also finds Franchot Tone, an ally of Curtis, who was probably out of town at night. Will he delete Curtis in time? PHANTOM LADY is based on the William Irish novel (the great noir writer Cornell Woolrich). As film fans know about other Woolrich works (LEOPARD MAN, NIGHT IS THOUSAND EYES, REAR WINDOW, NO MAN HERS), one cannot expect what's right on the surface. The seller's missing woman may not be superfluous, sending her messages that she arrived if she still has jewelry. The clergyman can really predict the tragedy - or did he draw his old partner, now a murder of a millionaire? Are leopard killed by young women or is a rich bird who actually conceals guilt? Is a young woman who claims to be a brother's wife who is killed in a train wreck, actually a scammer? Here is Raines and Gomez (with the help of Tone) who try to prove that Curtis saw a woman whom no one sees - and when he sees him, why can't anyone else see him? The story really is Curtis's personality - it is too easy for him to be convicted of a crime he did not do. In fact, anyone who is innocent can scream it until they are filled. In the defense of the Curtis collapse, it also happens to other people in different films: Gary Cooper, MR. To fight, it becomes so foolish that Douglas Dumbrille and his ministers become misleading and crazy so that he does not defend himself first, until the people who depend on his help call his fears in the courtroom and revive his sense of responsibility. But Curtis just seems to give up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez, and everyone else would not care if Curtis didn't. <br /> <br /> But the film lives on its weakness. The false slow release of witnesses who gave the bribe a true killer allows Raines, together with Tombes, two abandoned high platforms and Elisha Cook for a jazz session. Gomez becomes more sensitive when the villains wait for their alibi to be re-checked. And the villain manages to hold Raines and Gomez shortly before the movie's final protocol. If it is not as big a film as double liability or POSTMAN ONLY ROUNDS double or MALTESE FALCON, then it will rise quite well until Curtis and Raines join at the end.
