The goal of any James Bond game is to make the player feel like he is performing the ultimate fantasy: step into Agent 007 shoes. "FRWL" gets closer to this goal than any other game, because this time you control the real James Bond. Don't blame Pierce Brosnan, who made a fantastic bond and borrowed his voice and resemblance to "EON", but Sean Connery was the original James Bond, and there is never anyone close to his cool level. <br /> <br /> Here I have to say, like many others who have reviewed this game, that Sean's 70-year-old voice does not fit on his 30-year screen, and it takes some habits, but it's definitely worth it . He makes such lines as "Bond ?? James Bond" and "Shaken, not mix" again for a big deal. But Sir Sea's leadership when he takes the evil organization known as OCTOPUS is, as Bond said, "Octopussy", "only a tentacle tip." The awesomeness of the game begins with the opening of weapons. This is the original cache of movies. Then you take the first mission, rescuing the Prime Minister's terrible blonde daughter from the terrorists in Parliament, and everything from cars to clothing is completely retro. The world of the game is the real world of James Bond, right up to the classic James Bond theme, which finally ends at the end of the game, as Bond enters the secret factory. <br /> <br /> After opening the game, the plot follows exactly the "FRWL." James Bond is sent to Turkey to become a Lecturer on the secretary of the Russian cipher, who claims to have broken him. In Turkey, Bond works with a loving connoisseur of Kerim Bey. Bond must download the device, protect the girl in trouble and get both safely back to London. The script was written by Bondi scriptwriter Bruce Feirstein and has done a good job of making the game the same but different from the movie. Movie characters recover well, but some are better than others. Scammers who speak of villain Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are surprised. At the beginning of the game, there is a moment when you look at Miss Moneypenny, M and Q, who all look and behave like Sean Connery 007 in original films. <br /> <br /> What makes this game a mile In addition to Sir Sea's voice and similarity, other Bond games have two remarkable features in the game. One is Bond focus. While you can just send a crook at the touch of a button and killing others, the additional button allows you to move closer to the target and choose between the points Bond would take, such as a grenade, which is an attached belt that sends the enemy and some of his friends or rope leads causing Stopped enemy's death. Another remarkable feature is stealth and mêlée kills. If you're close enough, just press the button to win the enemy with the cravings that only Sean Connery's James Bond displayed. <br /> <br /> The Sean Connery bond was mainly based on its raw spirit and talents, so you have only a few gadgets, but they are good. The Q-helicopter is a helicopter with a remote control that can destroy and explore areas that Bond cannot do, such as Q-spider in EON, but better. A classic laser bell is useful not only for getting into a locked room, but also for sending enemies if you have no other weapon. Sonic cufflinks and serum gun are the most fun to play, but you have to experience them yourself. In addition to the gadgets, you can go to the dress Bond in a number of retro costumes found during the game, including the gray suit of the movie, a standard black smok, a retro stealth suit and a classic white smokie that are all exactly the same they did when Sir Sean wore them in the movies. When you drive, you are driving Aston Martin DB5 directly from Goldfinger. It cannot become invisible, but it has a gadget that allows films like a tire. And if you do not drive on the streets of "Goldinger" in Istanbul, you can fly through the "Thunderball" jet pack. <br /> <br /> Then there is a multi-player. Of course, it has to be compared to the GoldenEye game standard and it fails. You can also only play Bond Rags as Bond or other game heroes. However, a multi-player is a fun and decent bonus, because only one player's campaign honor is worth the game. The main game has other errors. Some of the most exciting moments of the film, especially the Gypsy camp shootout, Bond's strike with Red Grant at Orient Express, and the opposite of the Bond and Rosa Klebb's shoe shoe are not fair in the form of the game. And the game is a quick game, even the most difficult. Overall, this game is James Bond's best experience.
