I'm not a certain movie genre follower. I classify movies only for industrial or non-industrial purposes. Valentine is the second industrial film by Jamie's workpiece after Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the scenario and story are very weak. What's more, unlike Urban Legends, the main elements of the movie are so embarrassing and iconic, and that makes Valentin the best. As the first basic and iconic element, the growing hatred of the serum killer is so low. Since her high school years, she has grown up with her wounds she had gathered in her soul against her classmate girlfriends who made her joke. If you concentrate enough on this first element while watching a movie, you can see from the point of view of humanism: "No one is absolutely good or evil. In fact, someone known as evil can be a secret affectionate." Just because the story and direction are very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserve. The second iconic element is, of course, a great combination of superstars in the late 90s: My favorite is Jessica Cauffiel, who is killed in the coolest way to kill. The arrow coming from the vibe pulls her stomach and stops when she played with her blind date hidden and searched but could never meet. Katherine Heigl is the first starlet to be killed in a biology lab, trying to hide human body models on surgical surgery tables. Denise Richards was killed in third place while she found her Valentine's Day gift in the jacuzzi. Jessica Capshaw is being killed in the last secret and invisible, so she is disappointed to be the same killer. Marley Shelton is the poorest who is fortunate enough to be killed in the most confidential way that we never know because the movie ends before she kills. Finally, Benita Ha is the happiest because she was not a classmate of the serial murder, David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and last iconic icon is a soundtrack from a dark day labyrinth scene, Valentines' Day Celebration in Dorothy's House, and ultimately on killing topics. Everything is as familiar to the soundtrack as I know. Hard Rock never fits better in a killer-mystery film.
