I'm not trying to speculate what Brando was trying to do. In the best possible way, he turns such fun-filled performances, doing so many things at once, that he doesn't seem to do anything like the endless instinct. It often seems to draw attention to some of the favorable aspects of its character in relation to all others, a concentration that, if it follows, points to a red herring when it turns out to be finer, more masterful than at first. It is the mastery of mastery, not naturalism, which may be related to the method. Sky Masterson's role, as Mankiewicz did so well, seems to be tailored to him, starting with an odd and strange end, because whatever it is Brando has managed to have his own grace, but the perfect grace - again, strange, coming from an actor with limited musical ability , never before or after music comedy. Jean Simmons, who is also strange, is not quite as impressive, but definitely higher in the Havana queue is just enough, really enjoyable and never less enjoyable. <br /> <br /> And yet ... maybe because the actors are so focused on what they do, as well as the characters they intend to each other do not seem to be lovers. "Chemistry" brought it so consistently more than once. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / sister Sarah eat enough of each other, but I can't see more. In a film that is probably dazzling and entertaining (and most of all, artisanal, just that - dazzling), it seems that this flaw seems tactical and easy to ignore, but so much depends on real chemistry! At least a partial transformation of characters through such chemistry would give something positive to the final scene. As it is, this movie will certainly leave you happy, but not really moved, except in a way that hampers the reality of the Union. Note Sister Sarah marries her missionaries, Sky Masters, while her natty man-city fortress, not a wedding xx. And they have returned to the members of their previous scene! <br /> <br /> Funny (ie insightfully), most touching, and most serious scene, in my opinion, between Brando and Vivian Blaine, like Sinatra / Nathan Detroit's Doll, Adelaide, the only scene where the two are only together, not only because there is no flirting between them, although it takes place in Adelaide's dressing room when Adelaide is changing. While one can play, there's no point about it, Sky is really the type to "control" Adelaide in such a situation. He is even there to say that Adelaide Nathan does not judge her to live. Adelaide and Sky are both real for Nathan, even for her potty, and for their shade of exchange. Of course, Adelaide is also disappointed and disappointed, but her anger is alleviated by her deeper feeling to Nathan because Sky warns her she can't love a man and want her to be someone else. <br /> <br /> Boys and dolls are another appeal to the themes of gender battle, gambling and rescue. Because both the compulsive gambler and the rescue seeker are more or less subconsciously in despair, the absence of Brando and Simmons may deliberately be a dark secret. After all, this shortcoming may mean over-narrowing the narcissistic worries (also referred to as Sinatra / Blaine's tying, although it was accompanied by significantly less fraud), which can explain the odd, rather provocative, interpretations of Sarah by Sky and Brandon by Brando and Simmons. I understand that Simmons can mostly portray cold and skepticism, but Brando, who plays to confront him, is not exactly heated and eager, and is more than keeping his distance - he is also embracing it, keeping it in balance. His courage is merely to play against him - in Cuba, a kiss, whatever he takes - but he has not really won when he was so tempted to beat him, his own security. It can be terrible because playing zeal may be the only way for a missionary and through it. But it makes the transition of Sky just by trying to win, that actually Sarah Brown would want a little less convincing. But why does he want him? What does love in heaven mean? I find that the only way to get around this is indeed that his humanity has been beaten and that he does not want to stop sister Sarah just as he promised him to give his sins a meeting with his sinners, as he promised him with his "marker", as he puts it, when he got back, if he seemed to have won only his loss. But it still represents more concern than nothing. But it also allows Sarah Brown's own concern, because the sky brings her to the missionary to get her lover back. Either, at least, does not seem to change much with their union, except maybe when they accept another. But this seems to be all but deadly uncomfortable: acceptance is still quite crying to achieve happiness in another country, not to mention the transcendence that everyone seems to be "chemistry". And behind all this is the suspicion that Mankiewicz's full knowledge is. <br /> <br /> For all those who could say Guys and Dolls defenders, musicals can't wait much. remind them only of cabaret, three-penny opera, carousel, the star is born, even the sound of music that I don't care so much (and this list can be added without even reaching the postcard) musicals) all offer great music and dancing terrible anxieties .
