Boys and dolls would be easy to call. It has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, contrary to Sinatra's original desires, casting), it is really a cool 1950s feeling, even if it is essentially taken from the stage to the screen with only a slight interruption. And most of the songs are often fun and memorable and present at this moment in time and bothering the strange form inherent in the form. If it is not as big as some others in his ilk, the filmmaker should not be guilty of Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all the songs are completely clicked, and a small part of the dialogue seems to be done at a stage, not a movie (from time to time it's hard to say that Brando and Sinatra are moving so often that you need to be careful to tell when one is playing the camera or " on stage, while the actor who plays Adele is better than the stage. <br /> <br /> The plot is one of those winners who work well during their period, even if they wonder whether their influence has reached 1999 it is all (well, not quite, but close) .The toy (and the 14-year-old bet) played by Sinatra wants to host a big game of time, but is told that "heat is on", which means police officers So, he has only one choice to play a thousand dollars, the only way he can get it is with the betting players Brando, who is dedicated to the wild work of the missionary, for a long time. by turning on and off, people from the streets (gangsters and dancers, and the "site" played by Jean Simmons). For Brando). Basically this is the world of boys and dolls and how to balance one or the other - of course without getting married or too threatened. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy even when shooting with the camera, and its stars are properly reeled in. Hell, even Brando works great for music because it goes beyond the mere method of acting and shows its cups for singing and high quality. The story and the characters end up with what you hope for, and that's fine. All we ask - and what we get - is entertainment with good wedges, engaging in dialogue, and some songs and dances that bring the house down (my favorites were the club's lady-cats, Luck is a lady and two numbers Havana Cuba) ). A-
