It is Frank Loesser's masterpiece with amusing words, competent themes and a strong design for those who adapted Damon Runyon's material to a "book" of music. The surprise of the film is how smoothly the musical numbers are. Abe Burrows made a book with Loesser's contribution; Michael Kidd was a choreographer and prominent artistic contributor to Joseph Wright. The story can be said in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs money to fund his permanent floating mess game to entertain the big Julie, Chicago Mob Boss. He contributes to Marlon Brando's heavily stressed Sky Masterson coefficients so that he can't go to Havana to go to the Salvation Army girl; Masterson wins the bet, saves the mission, falls in love with the girl, gets to the players and riffraff to participate in the game and tells everyone that the woman was intolerant to her charms - a complete lie. Of course he reaches the lady; and Detroit marries a giant fiancée Vivian Blaine. Others are cast in Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. A strap like Big Julie, Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as the Head of the Salvation Army, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as the lukewarm Salvation Army girl, Sarah Brown. The famous musical numbers of this award-winning Broadway smash are "Fugue for Tinhorns", "Guys and Dolls", "Luck Be a Lady", "I Know", "The Newest Permnaneti Floating Crap Created in New York Game! ". Joseph L. Mankiewicz "Cleopatra" and "Letter to Three Wives" celebrity towards the procedure; and the workflow is very interesting and successful. He is equally skillful in getting a good dialogue and leading such enormous numbers as "Luck Be Lady", a varied and challenging hit part, a Havana "A Love in Love" section for this upcoming movie, subtitling. song "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa", created by the club where Blaine works. Operation is very uneven. From time to time, Simmons seems to be wrong, Brando gets a song and is a very good part of instinct, charm and understatement even in comedy. scenes. Sinatra is struggling hard, but there is a misunderstanding of this role for a number of reasons such as Nathan Detroit; Blaine is a bit theatrical when selling her numbers, which she sings of course professionally. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith, and Pulley do what is asked and at all points. Stylized opening and closing work well; All in all, this is the triumph of Loesser's friendly and subtle words, directed by Mankiewicz as a ringmaster and a musical genre, which is very legitimate in this case. Pleasant and very different.
