This music was not exactly what I was expecting, there were not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra in particular. Because it was based on Damon Runyon's story, I was waiting for irony and surprise, one of which was really good - when we find that the Sinatra gang has used the Salvation Army's office during their mess when Brando was with Havann Simmons. Of course it comes at the right moment when Brando brings him back. I didn't expect much from Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. He wasn't big, but he was just in that role. His great number in the sewer, but the rest of Sinatra's boy was the only place I felt Brando's voice was weak. He just didn't get the strength that the great climax demanded. All in all, I found that there was electricity between Brando and Simmons, which I didn't think it would happen when we first saw Simmons, and later, when we introduced Brandos to a restaurant where Sinatra was trying to quickly pull one of her. Only Brando went to his office to tell the story. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, whom I have never heard of, but who I think he played the role of Broadway, seemed to be a slowdown in the procedure. The scenes between him and Sinatra were obvious. His songs also felt the weakest in both the story and the character. Besides, it seemed that all the Goldwyn Girls numbers looked like shoe horns, right there glitz. For example, if Frank meets at Brando nightclub, we just cut the cat's number into the routines of the stages - then cut back those guys who continue to have a dance number at all. When Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I had a great time, but every time we return to Sinatra-Blaine, my level of interest dropped. <br /> <br /> There were some good songs, especially the first number with Stubby Kaye, Fugue for Tinhorns (Can Do!). It is a great song and it reminded me of the first song in the music world - money for the goods ... whatever it is called. And the number on the sewer - I couldn't recall the "Cool" West Side Story, which brings me to the point. I really didn't like the artistic direction of this movie. Counterfeit Times Square was just as funny as it drew attention. The same goes for Havana and especially for sewerage. I understand in 1955 that most of the musicals were fired in sets, but things changed - for example, Carousel used the location photography perfectly. Even in the city, Mahattan scenes came in 1949. By the time we arrived at the West Side Story in 1961, things in Manhattan were actually shot in Manhattan. For comparison, boys and dolls related to Manhattan felt they were dated and more than a little too cute. And changing Lindy to Mindy - did they have to do it for legal reasons? Now I always thought that boys and dolls are musical sinatra and Brando and their adventures with different girls. It was much more focused than what was on his credit. In this regard, it is much better than Les Girls, which was interesting for her, but she had some certainty. One of my big complaints about boys and dolls, and I don't know if it's an endemic show at the original show, but when Jean Simmons realizes that Brando never made a contribution to what he did, with Sinatra and even said he lost his contribution, he just run away to find her and we cut the wedding. It seems to me that the scene between Brando and Simmons would have increased the story. If Brando had come to her, it would have been a great scene. There's such a scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD) when Harold and Marion have this duet when he's waiting to change him. He's up in his house, he's on the sidewalk. She sings 76 trombones. She sings Goodnight My Someone. They suddenly exchange and sing each other's songs - a beautiful way to communicate their cross to each other. This is the emotional moment of the film. The boys and dolls were still doing a lot.
