I am interested in sinatra being in other comments for Sinatra (or compassion!). I've read elsewhere that Sinatra never seems to forgive anyone for * not * casting into Sky Masterson. <br /> <br /> OK, so who wouldn't want it to be Sky Masterson? ? it is a big part: a charismatic successful gambler who makes a serious mistake by letting himself go, where he has to take the date of the rescue army of Cuba to Sarah Brown or lose. Isn't that money? it's pride, but she and her meet. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit has to juggle his long-time fiancé Adelaide, trying to find a place for a craps game that makes him rich if he doesn't win his fiancées forever. <br /> <br /> The film began with the life of Damon Runyon's short story series: this is his unique dialogue that you hear, and these are his great characters, and it's his world of horse racing / nightclub / late night gambling. Then it became musical and you can't help but feel that she has never left the stage. The camera is unusually static and the set noticeably? and not pleasant? flat and childish. Fortunately, music is so big, I don't care so much. <br /> <br /> My absolute favorite thing in this movie is singing and acting on two non-singers, Brando (heaven). and Jean Simmons (Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, the involvement of these singers in these roles would have led to better music; but what is definitely forgotten is that two such great actors brought something to the party: what they lacked in the vocal talents they were more than satisfied with, the acting abilities and the sin, the dam, the sin. You're with Sky when he says to Sarah that it's justifiable, permanent, tubing and safety. You enjoy Sarah's relaxation under Cuba's "milk". You will feel full of the astonishment of your scene and the passion in the courtyard that rings and for an hour before the plane takes you home. As Sky correctly says, it's "chemistry." Pro Singers? can they be Broadway's lap belts or smooth crowns? it may not necessarily be used. (And they certainly didn't.) I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra for not putting himself in the role of Nathan Detroit. Sinatra was in turn guilty of Brando's four-key method. Brando as a fan (does it show?!) I must definitely take the other side, but I can't imagine that this film would have been a very adorable classic class if Brando and Simmon hadn't had it with their excellent chemistry; Brando's unpredictability; Simmons face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and ashamed at the Cuban Bar. Beautiful. I always want a copy of this movie when I feel good again. You forgive me if you give 100% brushing to some of the Nathan (sleep) talks, isn't it? You do not want? Oh, be quiet and have more Mindy cheese cake!
