I remember looking at the Disney version and looking at it now, I think it has somehow lost its magical touch. Cinderella is a lot of other renditions that have ever been abandoned, have lost their touch over the years. Then I found this production in the form of Kathleen Turner's flawless stranger, and the story of this fantasy that spelled me up during my childhood blew away. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl's dead girls, who dominated her fucking stepmother and girls and longed for the last freedom opportunity. But this plot line takes a different kind of twist from the classic fairy tale, causing Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola and only being called Cinderella by her family for her slavery) to be trapped slowly by the father (who still lives) losing herself to the dominant woman who manipulates her husband and step-daughter to play with her and try to poison her. So Zizola goes out to save her father, leaving her stepmother to find another ball on the ball, disturbing the men on her way. There's a boring life in the dull Prince Valiant and falls in love with a mysterious lady in a strange dress (a fake water-jet called Mab) with rose petals on slippers. <br /> <br /> What drew me to this movie was that it was the original old fairy that no one can compare. It does not dare the network of lies like most of Cinderella's stories, it does not ignore any reason why Cinderella would like to participate in the ball and not show the prince low as the Disney version did. Instead, it shows more Cinderella's self-conscious heart than any other production and work of art is just stunning! The costumes are beautifully made, especially the Zizola sapphire-blue ballgown, which matches Marcella Plunkett's fantastic beauty and soft, spiritual voice. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in the classic twist of dreams of classic fairy tales. My only problem is that the producers and directors did not do the same thing with other congregations of fairy tales and the fact that the film is now printed.
