Picture scene: mountainous alien landscape. The two months of the month illuminate the blood from the red sky. In Tardi, a doctor who is a medieval Victorian frock coatis and Rose, his companion on Earth, lands and steps on. His face is beyond blink of recognition. "Well, I'm never! This planet's Saurious-7. Where I fought against the military Kraggarts. They tried to use the giant Skinkon to take over the planet." Girl sniffs the air. "Can't we go, Doctor. I don't like the look of this place. I think we're being tracked." The doctor takes an inappropriate finger. "Don't be foolish, girl. I don't know if the King and Queen of Cordaraby will remember me from my last visit. Come on, Rose, come along!" She steps down, the girl struggles to keep up. On the high hill, the dark red eyes see them in hate ... <br /> <br /> It wasn't that Rose started in 2005 and thank heaven for saying. British Initial Broadcast, "Rose" can now safely be considered a landmark episode, putting Dr.Who back where it belonged, one of the BBC's flagship initiatives. McGann T.V. the film's mistakes were well known. Instead of trying the new "who" to worship the existing chronology, this was a new beginning of the series, starting with a girl in the shop, Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), who was in her daily life. One day he goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the trouble begins. Mannequins come to life and attack him. Only the mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston) intervenes to save him. <br /> <br /> The story, although it may be, is more than enough to start the series. Cars are, of course, an old villain (this was their first appearance since 1971), but there are no references to their past - the second smart move. In the finals, the famous "Spearhead From Space" scene was effectively restored as the store dummies were alive. As Dr. Christopher Eccleston lacked the eccentricity of his predecessors, he preferred a modern leather jacket to the traditional periodical clothing of a physician, but it made him a better overview of the new audience he hoped for. Billie Piper confused her critics with the "Rose" impression. Noel Clarke as his boyfriend "Mickey" was also good. <br /> <br /> Yes, special effects were emphasized, but then - monsters and convincing monsters of the past are not on 21st-century television. More important is how good this script is. Ten million people who saw a new doctor have been tuned. <br /> <br /> Dr.Who was back - and back with a bang!
