Being an important part of British pop culture such as Monty Python and James Bond, Doctor Who, 26 years (1963-1989), was a massive hit, making it one of the world's longest running TV shows (most of the serials are happy to have ten seasons). Plans to restart were always on the BBC's agenda, and after the wrongly calculated (not mentioned Americanized) Fox film could not capture the original version of magic, nine years (despite Comic Relief fraud and animated mini-series)) was required before the ultimate time the Lord could properly to return by recognized writer Russell T. Davies. <br /> <br /> Davis' brilliant reintroduction of character is his decision to do this in the eyes of a bystander: Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a London-based girl who drives a very normal life, until one night she is attacked by living plastic creatures. He has been rescued from being a stranger who introduces himself simply as a doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after shouting: "Nice to meet you, Rose. Run for your life!". As he becomes more and more curious about this "man", he will soon find himself in a completely new world: aliens, intrusions, driving time and space, and, of course, the TARDIS, an all-round box of police. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of a new doctor, who are almost perfect (special effects could have used a little more polishing), because Davies is doing two things: the unique humor of the show and the two main characters. The most original feature of the series was a blend of brilliant sci-fi and pure British comedy, a hybrid that is difficult, if not impossible, to export. Here, all the laughs are related to conversations between Rose and the doctor, which have been completely rounded after one episode. Okay, so technically, Eccleston's doctor is the ninth to use this name, but he's distancing himself from the previous eight incarnations, talking about the North Accent (the one he uses every day) and justifying it terribly: "A lot of planets are bottom!" However, the true triumph of this episode is Piper's presentation: theoretically, Rose is in her later teens, almost the same age as thousands of young viewers who have never heard of a doctor before. His portrayal of a normal girl lost in a new, exciting universe, represents a new generation of reaction to the return of the TV icon, and the chemistry that is directly formed between him and Eccleston is a new doctor who is as good as the First, Fifth, Ninth, is no different: There were others before Eccleston (and in this regard, Piper, others), but he, along with William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the bunch, has one character, one so cool he doesn't even need a name: he's a doctor.
