Because the sun shines perfectly on a quiet Sunday that is almost fully awakening, love can be felt with a soft wind that wipes my feet and what I see in the smiles of the people I walk around. It's the perfect day to stop croissants and cafe-o-law before you go to the city of light and love. Of course, getting to Paris is not sensible in this modest film critic's budget, so I had to choose the next best, Paris, JE T'AIME, 18 international film collections made by several international directors. Each piece is named after another Paris and reflects love. JE T'AIME explores love at many stages of his game, despite surprising all human emotions about the most powerful and convincing emotions. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And what a better way of expressing the transient nature of love and how the moment can change your life than the filmed moments. <br /> <br /> The beautiful poetic quotation above is taken from Tom Tykwer's Faubourg Saint Denis. It is true that Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses photos and repetitions to show the whole cycle of love, from beginning to departure. Originally photographed in 2004 and paired with this anthology, Faubourg Natalie Portman, a Parisian actress in France, is part of the film and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, the blind man. Here the blind are led by the blind through the most unstable landscape, where two people consume each other so that their lives lose almost their existence. Since love seems to be blinding to dizziness, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks it can play in our minds, and the illusions that it can cause when we doubt. <br /> <br /> Sylvain Chometi Tour Eiffel. Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives a small boy who looks at how his parents met and loved the city's most famous attraction. His father, mime (Paul Putner), finds himself in a second surreal scenario and eventually falls into jail. There he meets a woman who gets her life for love (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become a dead art, if not already dead. Yet it is dreamy and double. Miming points to the ridiculousness of man's behavior on his quiet finger and what can love make people more absurd? We might find that someone is the least likely to be taking a little less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME keeps the flow alive because it doesn't always focus on love. Three memorable shorts focus on the love between parent and child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE) is Catalina Sandino Moreno, who sings her child lovingly before she leaves the same song for the long-lived child she lives. Nobuhiro Suwal (UN COUPLE PARFAIT) is Juliette Binoche, who is desperately trying to get rid of emptiness when she feels after losing her son. Binoche says very little, he has not surprisingly given him a tremendous talent, his struggle is obvious in his face when he learns that love sometimes means dislocation. And Alfonso Cuaron (CHILDREN'S CHILDREN) is weighing one continuous father (Nick Nolte) and his grown-up daughter (Sara Martins) in a stroke to go together for the first time for a long time. We can only see them across the street and get close to them, as the distance between the two characters narrows down to comfort and reception. <br /> <br /> The latest short screen is Alexander Payne's 14th Arrondissement. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes a normal person and shows us what makes them extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is the second American in Paris. She is there alone and less time than she would have had her dogs waiting at home. He is an ordinary person who lives unhappy with a rich and lush city. A beautifully delivered American in French in the mouth of his sights and how there is feeling. This woman spends so much time trying to be happy, despite the many disappointments in her life, and when she sits in a city dedicated to lovers, she understands that she is actually happy and loves more than she knew. He falls in love with himself, with just a few moments, with life and love. <br /> <br /> The characters JE T'AIME appear in Paris, but briefly appear in the romantic center of the universe. The moments they share with each other, whether it helps someone after a severe fall or reaches another person with their hands without touching them or without knowing them, are moments that give love to their burning and prosperity. Outside the Lover City, moments such as these can be easily missed, but we have to remind them. It only takes a moment when love shines through the cloudy sky. You just have to open your heart to see it. And if one city can be so rich with love, then one must believe that he can find his door one day.
