Paris, JE T'AIME, is a wonderful cinematic respect for the city for the city and a city of love, which is such a complex film that it almost violates the summary and review. Ask a lot of people about their impressions of Paris and the result would be similar to this film. In the mid-term review of each sector or city, the film explores love in all forms, native to their Parisian regimes, and tourists who interact with a big city. About twenty writers and directors, each with about five minutes of screen time, are Olivier Assayas, Coen Brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant are, among other things, less well known. Stories depend on fun, humorous, touching, tragic, banal, gentle. <br /> <br /> One story is a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) attracting a young lithograph (Elias McConnell), pouring his heart in French to a boy who only speaks English. In the second, the divorced spouse (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in the Latin Quarter to end the divorce proceedings, while the other couple in Père-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) are approaching the marriage without joining until the spirit of Oscar Wilde left intervenes. Steve Buscemi is located in Tuileries in superstition subway with his bag of tourist collections, Bastille Sergio Castellitto (in love with lover Leonor Watling) ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until she believes she has terminal leukemia. Son's Fantasies and Losses in Place des Victoires with mythical cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier show parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins wrongly ideas. Pigalle, Melchior Beslon plays young blind actor Natalie Portman to learn how to see Faubourg Saint-Denis, a vampire love between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in Quartier de la Madeleine, Maggie Gyllenhaal is a former patriotic actor on the drug Quartier des Enfants Rouges and Margo Martinda are visiting a travel book carrier who is desperately trying to speak the French language he has learned for his life on the gently entertaining 14ème Arrondissement. <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of a movie try to tie as many songs as possible, but it only works on a superficial level. The film is long and there are no bridges between many stories, which is a factor that leads the audience to a lack of time for lack of activity. Ultimately, it is a richly detailed respect for a big city and provides the viewer with many vignettes to visit again as a journalist in Paris. It's a movie that's worth seeing many times! Grady Harp
