... for Paris there is a ride. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is impossible to read how many great talents have died in paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotes in Paris, and yes - film director Max Ophüls said about Paris, > <br /> "It offered bright damp boulevards under street lights, breakfast at Montmartre with cognac for your glass, coffee and lukewarm brioche, gigolos and prostitutes. night. There are two homelands in each world: one and Paris. "<br /> <br /> Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, Je T'Aime ", with the subtitles" Petite romances ", is a collection of short films, often sketching out 18 talented directors all over the world. with the City of 20 arrondissements and with all ages, sex, color and backgrounds in Paris, all involved in some "petite romances", we are witnessing unexpected meetings of strangers that immediately bring interest, intimacy and perhaps relationships: like Podalydès and Florence Muller in Montmartre on the opening film or Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekht, a white boy and a Muslim girl whose intercultural romance, led by Gurinder Chadha, starts from Quais de Seine, adds to this category Gus Van Sant's humorous short film. who admits sudden unexpected closeness, asking for permission to call - never realizes that his object of interest does not understand French. <b r /> <br /> Some vignettes are nice and even dark. Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas' Loin du 16ème, Catalina Sandino Mareno (amazing Oscar debut with Maria Grace) is a self-employed mother who has to work as a babysitter in a prosperous neighborhood to pay for daycare where she falls, her baby gets every morning before she goes to work . One of the most memorable and truly heartbreaking movies is Oliver Schmitz's "Place des Fêtes". Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro consisted of two young people whom love could have happened. There were promises, but it was short of anger and intolerance that exists everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. Another one that came to me was "Bastille", written and directed by Isabel Coixet, starring Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto is in love with his wife Richardson, but when he's ready to leave with a lovely lover, his wife's medical news arrives ... <br /> <br /> I can talk to all 18 small gems. I like some of them very much. Others felt weak and maybe soon forgotten, but in general I am very happy to have bought a DVD and I know I will return to my favorite movies over and over again. They are already in "Place des Fêtes", which I have already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise", directed by Wes Craven, which includes the ghost of one of the smartest and smartest men, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, Head of Communication) who would save one peaceful relationship . Payne also led the "14th Arrondissement Cement", where a lone middle-aged postal worker from Denver CO explores the city independently, giving a voice in French with a high accent. Entering Payne is one of the most mobile and fun with "Tuileries" Joel and Ethan Coen (with whom :) :) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. In both shorts, American tourists sit on the benches (Margo Park and Steve on the Paris Underground after visiting the Louvers), watching their surrounding life with different results. While Margo can say, "My feeling is sad and light; my sadness is shining ..." Steve's character explains that even the most comprehensive and useful travel guide to the tourist sometimes avoids the wrong things abroad.
