That's what I saw this evening at a workshop on digital design (shot at 35 mm and the first full-length movie scanned in 6k, acquired in 4k and projected on a 2k projector at ETC / USC Theater Hwdis). 18 managers (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, several good French / international leaders) received 5 minutes each day to make a love story. They are in all shapes and forms, well-known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscem .. totally fun ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands. Msr Depardieu and many good international actors. The shelters vary from all romantic peculiarities. from comedy to Alex Payne's study of a woman who discovers Van Sant and one of the things that happen everywhere ... maybe? speaking French in most sequences (with English subtitles) and a small amount of actual English, although this is likely to reduce it There is also only one piece that can be considered "experimental" but colorful and funny, the rest of the simple studies are sometimes about complicated relationships. Everything easy to follow (as an "experimental" one irritates your desire formula. Many brought me to the formula. some emotions ... I testify that I am affected by the love of the cinema .. when it is presented d nothing other than sentimentality. I even laughed at a mime piece like no other I've seen (thank you for that!) The film hit its top for me, somewhere around a little over half, then the last two sequences started up again. Some beautiful pictures of Paris at night, the lush romantic music that was commonly used for sound, not just for "emotions", generally good for cinematography, although some of the images seemed a soft focus when he couldn't be (the protagonist in the scene / scene). The movement of each film was a good and general structure, though a bit long (they left out two of the 20 movies, but said everything would be on the DVD) seems to be different between the film tones to maintain a good balance. Not sure when it comes out, but a good study of how to do 5-minute filmmaking ... and sometimes that doesn't work (if it involves too much time, emotionally for a short film.) One should be in the area for one to free, but they don't knew when.
