I was lucky enough to take part in this elegantly expressed, enjoyable and thoughtful film in Stockholm. When romance is the hardest weapon in its arsenal, Paris is boldly in love with Paris, navigating in eight different quartier forms, but without the formulas of Paris and saccharin. His gold mine undoubtedly derives from the disappointment of the directors' parts? frustration only 5-10 minutes on screen? that way, you have the best and most sure direction from all parties. <br /> <br /> In discussing whether I should review all 18 segments, I came to the conclusion that it would be simply superfluous and long-lasting. Instead, you can just be sure that each director loves the film with his eccentric styles and skills and will definitely find your favorite. Although Gus Van Sant is incapable of being tempted to be introspective, his LES MARAIS is one of the best bets, even slipped in a well-placed Kurt Cobain reference. Coen's brothers create one of the most accessible parts in Paris that is silent, but emotionally transparent, Steve Buscem, dead humor and smart camera corners, which certainly made my theater laugh and perhaps right. <br /> <br /> In this way, all the story lines are exceptionally unique? filtered through the thoughts of different directors? But the most divergent is Vincenzo Natali QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE, a dark horror-gothic love that plays Elijah Wood as a lost tourist at the back of Paris at night, a vampire. In black-and-white format, but with a reddish-red contrast that appears to be disproportionately bleeding on the screen, is it almost becoming a Sin City paste? Refreshing scary and visual turn otherwise quite grounded film. <br /> <br /> But Tom Tykwer's single favorite segment was FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS, but I think I had this way of thinking because I went with him as my favorite and blamed my friend "Finally, this is my favorite leader ". However, it cannot be denied that Tykwer offers a cute segment where a blind boy takes the phone and hears his girlfriend (Portman - never annoying) that he is breaking with him and he reflects their relationship. Like Tywker's style, the story is overwhelmingly fast, kinetic and repetitive, characterizing screaming and running (Lola Rennt), which makes it the most adrenaline pump segment in Paris je t'aime, and perhaps even the most touching when Tywker starts his most powerful tool? Obviously not all managers are able to touch a negative account like Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chomet scratches the bottom of the pile by pulling out a truly disposable segment where a little boy introduces the story of how his parents met. They are two lonely mime. This part is both your face in French and desperate for it to offend international viewers. Suwa also directs the poor and fluffy segment to Juliette Binoche with unusually twilight views, mourning her son's loss. Nothing else happens. Finally, it seems that at the end of the 18th reading and in the interweave, it seems somewhat rushed and favored. <br /> <br /> But Paris je t'aime breaks you in high quality because all the other stories are well-written with a crisp, functional and amusing letter. This is definitely one of the highlights of 2006 (doesn't say much, I think) and a very personal movie in the sense that it's inevitable to choose your favorite and least favorite. Introducing a "pretentious" (heh) audience is recommended. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
