Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I have to admit that I have enjoyed movies that are usually outraged: "Quintet" when I only enjoy the adult and beautiful Brigitte Fossey who was unforgettable as a little girl in "Forbidden Games"; "HealtH" because Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson were all in pain; "Popeye", for this wonderful and surreal world, Shelley Duvall's olive oil and excellent Maltese places; "O.C. & Stiggs" on anti-adolescent flick proposal; "Beyond Therapy", all this embarrassment and the presence of the Genèvieve page who, for all their aspirations to watch Paris chic, are for travesty ... I've even enjoyed my one-time TV shows like "The Dumb Waiter" and "Laundromat". If there aren't many parcels in her movies, you'll have great performances, Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin. I perceive and enjoy a different approach and description of what he does about many different cultures in the United States. It is a pity that his genius is rarely appreciated and always forgotten when it comes to awarding American awards and awards. He's not your typical headmaster for fantasies. He's more of a maverick. So it is not surprising that I found so many bad comments on "gingerbread man" here, his "mainstream" efforts and my knowledge. I didn't know there were so many people who thought like Leonard Maltin, who didn't like Altman at all. In this case, "Gingerbread man" may not be a pleasure, but for me this reason is more related to Grisham than the director-scriptwriter. Some of the Altman trademarks are here: improvised dialogue, great performances, a funny law firm with a typical irreversible receiver and secretary. While some people find it boring, I found the first act exciting, thanks also to the excellent cinematography done by Changwei Gu, the man who shot "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "Farewell My Concubine". He has the opportunity to show us the same things we see in other American films but under a different light. Almost everything seems to be new and different through its "look of alien". In this first law, things were so logical and real! Wait until you get older. You can get into trouble if you fall in with some younger and beautiful letters like Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I've done fascinated someone who is younger than me! Then you have the repulsive, threatening and mysterious character of Robert Duvall, while Geraldo's storm threatens Savannah. The second action gets a little fake and even funny because Altman could hurt it. I remember to laugh loudly with my ironic notes on several occasions. I think he applied a little Brecht, distancing us, preparing us for the third action, the usual Hollywood pastor. Altman does this with knowledge. Being a smart man and an intelligent director, he didn't succeed in the tricks of today's action movies. He led the story of lust, greed and death. I wasn't a little disappointed with the film. If I give it to 10 instead of nine, it's because of Grisham. The American reader has made him the best-selling author. So why complain? Maybe we should thank Altman for showing us stitches in his stories, their longing, flatness and stupidity. But he does so much with joy and humor that I cannot just accept negative comments. For me, these people saw another movie ... And vice versa.
