Robert Altman should not make such a movie, but the fact that he did - and it turns out to be a fairly good and tightly wounded thriller, as Grisham's thriller paper-tradition shows versatility that is commendable. In Gingerbread Man, he must actually do something that, unfortunately, is not always very successful or at least it is not the head of his checklist: plot. There's one of those big, juicy, almost pot-boiler plots, where a gentle lawyer gets hold of a desperate low-class woman, and then gets rid of a ridiculous person with whom a woman is tied, in the most amazing ways, spins and plot, yada yada. And it is surprising that Altman would really like to take one of them: "I saw it coming back!" or just such a semi-conventional thriller. <br /> <br /> But it is a surprise that is worth it because, strangely enough, Altman can catch this very subtle behavior or it is inadvertently impossible to lure it from a very well-cast ensemble, the small town of Georgia. The film drips into the atmosphere (if not general science, sometimes it is good and sometimes just dignified for Altman), because Savannah is likely to be hit by a large hurricane and swamps and marshes and rain will keep things soaked and harsh and humid. So the atmosphere is really strong, but so are the (sometimes) hysterical performances by Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as the "woman", the lawyer Branaugh, and Robert Downey Jr (if he's not * good?) At Branaugh's work. Did I neglect Robert Duvall, who in just five minutes of screen time makes such an indelible impression to hang the picture in bad vibes? <br /> <br /> As said, some plots are little weak or just standards (the lawyer is divorced, bitter custody battles, innocent and silly children), but at the same time I think Altman saw something exciting, something darker than some other Grisham work that has been pulled out of it. If it is not completely masterful, it will still work under limited conditions as what-will-happens-next secret - South Noir.
