Joel Schumacher is the most inconsistent at all times. But it is common knowledge; I think his main problem is the number of genres he covers at the same time, but he can't develop a particular style that could mark him as an author. Hitchcock liked his break and his horror / thriller; Chaplin liked his comedy; Scorsese likes her crime-driven Mafia stories and Spielberg likes her big big budget adventure movies that combine enough violence with adults and fun for kids. Other more hidden examples are Kubrick and Welles, who have written too much here. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is a man who makes a flawless film that circulates around a superb idea or a seemingly dull assumption of a truly enjoyable movie. Falling Down had this great idea, but I found it to be faulty and anti-cyclical, because too many scenes showed comedy. Batman is a superhero; superhero films have recently been a big hit, so he managed to make one, but two terrible superhero films. Then comes 8MM; The film, the main prerequisite for which is the impressive Tigerland, which is Schumacher's best film about what I've seen so far. There is nothing laughing about the genre of war that would be associated with most of the time. I remember that the absurdity of D-Day landings could not be saved in private Ryan: when I first saw the movie, I didn't know much about the Second World War bar when it started and ended. My eyebrows were upward, my mouth lightly open with a weak "I can't believe this smile" on my face. Needless to say, because of this film, I was looking for a little more on what this event was about and the war as a whole. In Tigerland, you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war through Bozzi (Farrell), a harsh and egotist soldier who teaches the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But what's smart here is that there is no jaw falling war fighting and death and destruction; only one man and his fighting system most of the time. The things he is talking about, and the fact that he is dealing with his contradiction, are reminiscent of a school teacher who ended up with a series of teachers in an extremely rigorous school. Tigerland can borrow from Full Metal Jacket in the sense that it is a training process for the Vietnam War, but in my opinion the egos and superegos play a greater role. The superego, who is a cage sergeant, will rise to Bozzi, whose ego is extremely large. Also, the third part of the Freud triangle that slides into Bozzi: ID. Compared to all other soldiers who all have rather big egos, Bozz is the only one who is brave enough to show it to the Sergeants, which shows that he promises what he shouldn't swim and express himself. everything is dead in this situation! "shouts the sergeant." Do you have questions? "" Yes, when I'm dead, how can I ask? "Answers to Bozzi, whose punishment like push-up and dirt seems to be his real ID-style; <br /> <br /> At one point, Bozz is trying to train a group of soldiers in training, something that an existing team captain can't do, suggesting he has no surprise and no confidence to tell Bozz. The following is a real conversation with Bozzi and an existing drill sergeant who gives him his Christian name, a place where the private Wilson (Whighami) badge enters: his uncontrolled rage and anger at Bozz explodes all that culminates in the only real scene shot of the film over time. Wilson is unable to control his impulses and dislike Bozz and acts. <br /> <br /> I liked the fact that Tigerland has been so bold. n, it seems that he uses lower grade films or fewer cameras to get his sharp look. Don't make a mistake that it could have been a pretty beautiful movie with lots of color and attractiveness. But, in the final piece, we get a documentary approach that makes everything look like it is made as a regular camera on a regular television; The emphasis in the hand is also obvious, but Schumacher is smart: he will never let the film be too much like a mockumentry, while suggesting that the film's budget could have been half of what it was. It is worth mentioning here that Spielberg said he wanted Ryan to privately release Ryan like real rumor material, or something like that, and that it would be saved from war scenes. <br /> <br /> Being very funny and fun, Tigerland is still an excellent study of what makes people a sign; not necessarily in war, but as close as possible. His research on one person and how much he hates a system he can't even take seriously is as exciting as every soldier's ride. There are many memorable scenes and situations that end in a happy, if not unhappy, end that opens your mind and makes you think about what it might be in the army.
