Will and Ted's Bodacious trip is an existential journey through mortality, religion, time, heaven and hell, searching for human fame, and his fear without exceeding the body. This is the most intelligent fiction, because Paradise Lost has referred to many great works of art - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time, the dude is a famous rock band who has collected icons of time, Napolean, Joan Of Ark, Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They took the skills they learned from each of these people, robbed a couple of princesses and finally learned to play their guitars and write beats. These songs teach the world once again to love and war, hunger, evil are lost forever. We move on to a distant future where the evil dictator who despises good music called Simon Cow-Al wants to rule the world. He eats Rooshus (the first guy in the first film to help Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and has the power to send two cubes back. The cyborgs are living tissues that are metal exoskeleton and covered with mimetic poly-alloy, allowing them to survive the turbulence of time travel and they can imitate something they try through physical contact. Their job is to kill the good Biff and Fred and take over their lives by making terrible music that no one can get. In doing so, they change the world forever - Gryll and Jedi music will never be made, leaving the world of war, hunger and hatred, and more annoying, bland boy / girl group pop music. There is an amazing twist because good guys are killed and they have to develop a way to save the world, themselves and their wives from the evil Dopplebangers living in their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead demonstrates her knowledge of both youth culture and real culture, combining contemporary music and phrases with modern sets and artistic references, and trying to teach us all by putting our very psyche to show us. He introduces a nightmare that stood in the late 1980s in a teenage society that had abandoned them, and invites us to surrender post-structuralist jingism, self-application, and time-misery. Trusting that we can really change the world is an inspiring message, but in order to achieve such dreams, we must go through and indeed face our nightmares. To overcome success, fighting death is the first step to truly living and not just survival. Kenneth Reeves's Wow! Best Scene: For a fun game, see how many songs, bands and albums there are references you can see in the whole movie. There is at least 6.
