This is the first American film to successfully introduce the naturalistic style of Europeans, especially French and Belgian, for at least ten years, and is it not the time? After three high school girls in the Brooklyn Crown Heights neighborhood during the last days of their summer holidays between the fresh and teen years, it does what all good art should do: it discovers a universal universe. Though girls' concerns are beyond the usual - boys, sex, popularity, money, freedom and clothing - let's see how their whole life is shaped between the nature of the universal interface and the fate. <br /> <br /> Naturalism is complete, complete. The film breathes, stays at the moment, lives in real time. The story itself speaks. Carrier and its items are not at once a message. The film tends to convey persuasively the childhood perspective of its characters; it does not impose the meanings and morals of its adults. Detailed information is revealed by them, they are never postponed and thus seem to be quite real and powerful to reduce their reality. Although the authentic social reality of the New York's largest black ghetto and one of the most dangerous crowns in the United States, Crown Heights, has been captured, the ghetto is a childhood, not a ghetto <br /> <br /> Jackie Robinson Stepps Marshal Training Documentary because of the explosion of color, movement and sound. Otherwise, the camera will remain very close to a very intimate, patient and cunning observer. The language is rich, spontaneous, transparent. Some scenes are like girls who speak, each showing their deeper fantasies. The Lanisha's confession of his consent to death by accidental violence is the most shocking, one of the deepest scars in the ghetto. Sharing her mother with her confusion and fear before the harsh challenges of adult life is equally mobile and beautifully, unwantedly positive. <br /> <br /> Social reality is respected, not advocated: all three girls are bred by one mother, only one, Lanishal, is an active father in her life (and not by chance, she is more emotionally stable and empathetic than the others and most self-esteem from the three). Two of them suffer from asthma, a disease that is prevalent in the city. Gunfire, an accepted daily event, only interrupts your conversation in an instant. Only one of the girls, Joy, feels hopeful, feels that she has control over the future, while the other two to different degrees have already accepted despair. <br /> <br /> This is the best dramatic American movie I ever seen. Look at it, look at it, look at it.
