I think back to the days when I kept my boyfriend hat in order to get a smell during his 16th century. The small moments of this film are so accurate and at the right pace that is happening during what is happening to young girls during their teen years. Now, in my era, I want to tell them about their decisions and how their lives are not as important as all these moments seem. If they could suffer in their youth and expect both external and internal difficulties, life would be so sweeter. But now the young people are facing some of the variables I never had to deal with. <br /> <br /> The three main characters well played by all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez - Maria) give us a very incredible picture of the reality for young girls who live impoverished situations. They are the lives of an impoverished family, raised by single mothers waiting for Lanisha, whose father is present but not actively supporting him on a daily basis. They are impoverished education systems and have no direct contact with the role models. These situations are severely affecting them and their reality, but not all of them are a major depressive concern for these young women on a daily basis. They are plagued by their difficulties and focus on the same things that young girls all over the world are concerned with. Finding true love from a male, having good friends that can depend, get a respect / love and responsibility from parents, and enjoy life. The fact is that this film transcends the distinction between character and race, age and gender. Director and writer McKay explains on DVD how all the scenes with his head were observed, watching the young people who lived in these neighborhoods. Additionally, you add three up and coming actors who are not so far away from their lives that you can get the real synergy of reality and act best. One thing I know (African Americans and Spaniards) is that there is always a spiritual family member or neighbor who is in the foreground or on the ground, believing for a better day and a better life and future, despite the current situation and the role of modeling. The film never touched it, not to preach, and I understand it, but it also narrows the culture so that there is no hope but hope. HOPE FACTOR: I am thinking of my future and where I come from and say that Lanisha did "Today is a good day." Yes, poverty is still there, racism, sexism and all the other things we add. Yes, some of these young girls continue to fool and are destructive, all around them are impoverished, but none of these activities are past or present, and their environment leaves them without hope for a bright future. I was left with a sorrowful hope for every character and a deeper desire to be a role model for making a young girl's life-damaging decision. I think this is the value of the film, which should not only entertain, but make everyone think, think and then act in a positive way to make the world better. <br /> <br />
