"One day we walk on the rays of the beautiful sun. For some days when the world is much brighter" - 5 stop pairs "Ooh Child" <br /> <br /> Movies from black teenagers usually include inner city gangs who deal with drugs or make violence with hip-hop soundtrack. It's hard to find movies about the usual teenage teenage problems, but there is still an undiscovered gem I would recommend. Our song, by Jim McKay, is about three girls from the Brooklyn Crown Heights who learn that their high school is closed for asbestos removal and must decide their future direction, which may include their own way. The story is spoken from a 15-year perspective, not from an adult who resembles a past, as in most age classes. Avoiding the over-use of street slang and F-words, this honest and loving portrait of the three will crush their crossroads of life. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in the local high school for their second year. They are active members of Jackie Robinson Stepper, a real marching band whose rehearsals for working life provide discipline and purpose to their lives. <br /> <br /> Like David Gordon Green, George Washington, but less stylized, the film "Professional Black and Latino" is shown by Kerry Washington. Although there are some amateur moments in the shows, I took part in the story that I forgot that the girls were even working. Maria, whose father is in jail, has learned that he is a local student of Terrell. She wants a child, even though she is only 15 years old and knows that Terrell is probably not a lot of help. Joycelyn works in a clothing store but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very sweet scene in her bedroom, she pretends to be talking to her fans, lying in her bed with one of her poems. She is close to Lanisha and Maria at first, but she makes friends outside the neighborhood. No girl gets much support at home and Maria is not even afraid to tell her mother about her baby. Yet, single mothers are not typical filmmakers or alcoholics. They are warm and loving parents whose time with children is limited by the pressure of family support. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced, but are able to visit the doorman of their dad, luxurious apartment house and talk about music. Her mother is comforting when Lanisha learns that a neighbor's friend has committed suicide, a somewhat melodramatic plot in an otherwise realistic film. When the summer falls, the girls drift and everyone decides a different course. However, there are no great dramatic moments but only inevitable change inevitability. Although we do not have blinds about the frustrations that may be waiting for them, we identify our negative dwellings with our hopes and dreams. Our song is an emotionally satisfying film about the growth of projects that refuse life in some other way than the opportunity.
