When you look at this animation masterpiece, you will notice that it is European production. Although Europeans have (unfortunately) integrated some of the clichés you usually find in such American production, most of them are missing. One of them is that there is overwhelming evil that only our (very few and very unlikely) heroes can lose. The other is that one group is just for money, greedy, run away when the heat has grown up, but somehow it gives its better character. This film would have been better without both. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a TV series four years before the movie. Unlike a movie, the TV series is a comic and not a computer animation. At first I thought the computer would kill the plot's charm and character, but I was convinced that: who made this animation knew his stuff! Although the characters are obviously fictional (in the photos they don't even see as real), they seem as alive as sensitive as the audience. Signs that could be deformed by "normal" standards (these micro-legs can never carry this gigantic body, let alone jump) are alive and lovable, are more than just "highlighted"! Creating the world is another masterpiece. Not so much for its appearance, but also for its ingenuity. The world in which our heroes are flying is not certain of ourselves, but is made of many different shapes and sizes that appear in the middle of the air. When a person enters a smaller fragment of the ground, he nods slightly as weight. In some cases, it does not apply anymore, but our heroes can still walk. Although the world of floating islands is completely surreal, this film is completely believable, and in a short time it does not seem to be more enjoyable than driving in New York. <br /> <br /> I wrote this world appearance is not as breathtaking as the idea. This is true, which, in my opinion, can be of great quality to the attention of the world of quality, characters and details. Although there are relatively few faces, emotions can be read as clearly as Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman. The world around the characters is wonderfully colorful and the two devices are not similar. The background is always moving, something is always happening, making the world more sensitive. When you stop the movie and watch the background, you'll be surprised at how many details you can find. <br /> <br /> The presence of a hector puts the cherry up. Hector is a hairy little "thing" (perhaps equivalent to our world dog) who is totally lovable and extremely funny. Although he is not very important for the main plot, he would have stayed like Scrat during the ice. The really cool thing about Hector is that you have to tell Gibberish to understand him. <br /> <br /> If the movie is so big, why didn't I give it 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was quite thin. Two hunters are sent to save the world from a really bad dragon who wants to swallow the world, not really original. This in itself would not be a big problem. What I miss was background information. What dragon was this and why did it look like that? I love mythical stories, but if they are too thin, they seem to have been written after the film is finished with a weak experiment to give the whole thing deep. <br /> <br /> Another thing I didn't like was Zoe. Although a little girl like her could be considered divine, she was somewhat hurt in this film. He seemed quite resistant to learning all sorts of reality, dreaming of a heroic story from the book, and slowly pushing others down. He would have been decent if he had evolved into the film a little earlier and a little earlier, or if he had been a little girl from the beginning. For me, there was an idea of ​​the girl who had a story back to the writers. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a very good movie for almost any age.
