My first impression would be that it is Beowulf only with all the good Grendel and dragons fighting, making it one of the most exciting rides from start to finish. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, two of them had created a fantastic landscape that, by its nature, changes in its own way, in its ever-changing environment, consisting of small areas around the circle that can be either dumps or globes, a story that is easy to talk about land, that awaits a powerful dragon's unwanted visit to robbery and destruction, and all the migrants have only destroyed. Enter the king's grandson Zoe (Marie Drion), who gathers Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a huge force with enormous strength, but a genuinely gentle giant, and his partners with Gwizdo (Patrick Timit) who balance the partnership in his cunning brain. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (with their pet creature who are too proud to share their original fires) share a common dream of holding farm land and idyllic days of spending, which tend to retire their farm animals, but need to be financially free, hence their career in monster destruction , which is not exactly cost effective. rich, detailed and prominent admiration sees. It has some wonderfully designed activities that were carefully designed to pull you into the thickness of the task, and there is a dull moment during these struggles. The photorealistic moments of the existing landscapes make you put on the fantasy of beliefs and it is easy to be a terrifying landscape beyond the flying things of the usual three suns and the kaleidoscope (here's George!) And I didn't get enough of the finale battle even though conventional bricks and bats find some mistake the indifference of fundamental signs. that there are many more computer-animated companies in the world that have a quality in their product that matches those of Pixar. And this is definitely a movie that local Zodiac filmmakers: Race begins and sea legend can learn? Keep the story effective and let your mobile work talk. Definitely highly recommended!
