Initially, I would have thought that the secret of Sunshine was something critical for religion (and here is Christianity), and I wondered if it was something against darkness against the faith of darkness, or those who supposedly are finer, manipulative. if you. Surprisingly, it was not of any sort and was not, to a large extent, decisive, placing the events in reality and allowing the audience to make its own assessment and conclusion. <br /> <br /> And I can't help just sing Kang-ho, a man who loved widow Shin-ae (Jeong Do-yeon), and will go to church. The reasons for visiting the Church are many of what I expect to find inner peace, seek help, fear of eternal death in hell fires, affirm beliefs, or even things that want to marry in a church or a chase of a skirt (I'm not your child). However, for each of his own reasons why the Church was raised every Sunday and participating in prayer groups, it is indeed dangerous if the underlying motives are not satisfied, and that is when disappointment arises. a hypocritical person can be, depicting one face in the house of God and showing one more outside. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae and his son Jun are moving to the city of Miryang, the birthplace of his dead wife. He wants to revitalize his life, he opens a piano shop to give lessons, although there is another tragedy for him to discover a new freedom, and in the absence of the current situation. And it takes one hour. The secret to Sunshine really took time to get to the point where things started to become a little more interesting now that Shin-ae would now embrace religion to deal with and accept his current situation, revealing that faith, faith, and other believers, what he began to understand sympathy, begins to accept and believe that religion offers this silver ball to solve the misery of all mankind, and sometimes you do not know if it is because of your personal myopoic vision that the almighty will do for you to start accepting a somewhat selfish opinion that everything goes along your way, and in the case of Shin-ae, his generous attitude to forgive others who had violated him, forgetting something very fundamental, that this feeling can also reduce both ways. <br /> <br /> The last act is probably the most fun of the game because it says a lot where most of us can identify - why I and why nobody else, as we rage against our religion and start to question unfortunately, without being there difficult and quick answers. This is whether we fall by the road or we will continue the destructive actions so rebelliously. But somehow, the plug is carefully pulled into the secret sunshine so as not to offend, and that might have been a ugly mouthpiece, muted. <br /> <br /> If you abandon this film, then maybe you only understand Jeong's excellent portrayal, which he deserves to mention, because he has a full role as widow of Shin-ae, who is probably the most widespread person In a world that has to deal with its many tragedies in the short term and if you look carefully at it, most of them are on their own. Looking at her transformation, it's worth the ticket price, and despite the fact that my favorite Korean actor Song Kang-ho is in the movie, it's just what she just looked at.
