The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is the actors. Jeon Do-yeon, as the main character of Lee Shin-ae, is a woman with a young son whose husband has died in a tragic accident and who leaves Seoul to live in Miryang, his home town, with his little son. Jeon's face is very variable. She is a girl, flirtatious, elegant, outdated and sad, desperate and cheerful, with it and terribly isolated, and it's all on her face. The film also celebrates Song Kang-ho, Kim, the man who meets him when his car breaks down into Miryang, who happens to be in the city with a garage, and who follows him all the time, despite his obvious lack of interest in his attention. Song is now Korea's biggest star, known for its work with the Chan-wook and Bong Joon (sympathy against Mr Vengeance; memories of murder and host). And here he still plays an empty character, an almost forgotten man. But of course he makes him interesting and interesting. He's an important ballast that keeps Jeon's character floating. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ae is a piano trainer. He arrives in a new city, a neutral place, a city of some poor man in Seoul, just like anywhere else, as Kim says (just as he is like someone else). His little boy is terrible because little boys are, but also injured and taken back. His father snarled, and if he did not stay with him, he would stay awake, snarling in the pretense. She goes to school and Shin-ae meets parents and students and shopkeepers. The place makes sense in the film, although the place is "everywhere" in some sense. People speak in the local dialect and everyone knows everything, and Shin-ae's Seoul origin is noticed right away. Is life really tougher here, away from the big city and its complexity? Shin-ae seems to be unaware of the danger he has. <br /> <br /> Something terrible happens. And Shin-ae doesn't have to deal with it. But it happens and he is facing the consequences. But he can't. She goes into pieces. The offender is caught, but it is not consolation. Eventually, he becomes so desperate, he frees and goes back to the born Christian meeting, where the acquaintance is forced to participate. He finds peace with it and releases. But if he decides not only to forgive the offender, but to go to jail to tell him that this experience is full of irony and it will destroy him again. He becomes nervous and desperate, and he no longer believes in religiosity. And it gets worse. <br /> <br /> Jeon Do-yeon gives him everything in this extremely demanding and protean role. Lee Chang-dong can be a very good director. If the singer Kang-ho's nature actor enjoys enormous admiration, it is convincing. According to Scott Week, LA Weekly, Lee is the first of three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000), and Oasis (2002), to mark him as "the leader in his latest cinematographic renaissance". But it's not as successful a film as other Korean directors whose work I've seen, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho and proudly, almost perverse talented Park Chan-wook. It may indeed start when Foundas says that sort of "Asia Alice is no longer living here" and then "turns into a sudden and unauthorized" "thriller, and some time later almost Bressonia's study of human suffering." undigested; The movie falls and loses its end of the moment and then just tends to go out without any end. There are also shortcomings in the measure. Shin-ae takes stupid opportunities with his son and makes bad choices. If he is crazy like Betty Jean-Jacques Beineix at Betty Blue, which can explain his original and erroneous choices, it is not something that has been properly developed. This is an interesting film that is definitely disturbing, but one that leaves one doubt and dissatisfaction for one emotional exhaustion. <br /> <br /> The official selection of the New York Film Festival at Lincoln Center, 2007 is an event that has recently been made by Korean filmmakers.
