The Corean Cinema can be quite surprising for the occasional audience because there are many different shades and genres in the same movie. In Coreen's drama, like "Secret Sunshine", you'll find some comic parts, thriller scenes, and romantic times. "There is not only a tragedy in life, it also has tragic comedy," the film says at one point, the interpreted character of Song Kang, which brings together a mixture of images. But don't get me wrong, this genre's heterogeneity adds to the experience of this rich movie for its viewers. This does not mean that it has no unity: on the contrary, it is rare to see the pain of a woman with such a deep and profound pain. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae, who is looking for a quiet life for his son in his late husband's local town, really brings all the misery he suffers to unity with this film. Its realistic part is deleted by the psychological descriptions of all phases that the poor mother passes through. Denial of reality, disappearance, anger, trust, all the steps of the film that the character transcends, and looks like a psychological directory of all the suffering phases a woman can experience. <br /> <br /> The only thing is to accept what may seem like a conceptual experience (a woman wears a tragedy mask, a man representing comics) and touching the objects of the movie. I have to say that some parts of the movie pulled me (especially in the beginning), especially those that touched Chang Joan's unity to really help him whom he loved, but also that the accumulation of suffering is finally emotionally tired of me. Nonetheless, some cinematographic ideas are truly amazing and surprising (for example, the scene where the body is discovered under a large picture is amazing). Such scenes make "Secret Sunshine" a melodic equivalent for "The Host" for horror films or "Murder Signs" for thrillers. These films are really surprising, the most original, aesthetically unbelievable and they can give one another dimension to these genres. The only thing the "secret sunshine" forgets, as the "hosts" forgot to be scary, is to let their audience cry: a bad point on the melodrama, but a good point for a good movie.
