Secret Sunshine marks the return of director Lee Changdong to a film-ready world after several years of absence. Having three critically acclaimed films under his belt, he now recruits veteran Jeon Doyeon and his remarkable (Cannes winning) talents as Lee Shinae's main role. The following is a journey through a woman's tragedy and her coping mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the secrets of looking at Sunshine is that it does not care about a particular genre, but rather collects the characteristics of the genre if it is necessary to convey what it is trying to convey. The story itself follows Lee Shinae as he moves with his son Milyang City (whose Sino-Corean translates Secret Sunshine). He moves to Milyang after his wife's death because it was his home town, so the film was born of a tragedy. And you think things can just get better when he opens a piano shop and meets a little worshiping handsome mechanic Jongchan (played by Song Kangho). But it's not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> As we (and Jongchan, harshly) follow Shina when she meets Milyang and her fate she has for her, her armor cracks will soon become apparent. She is an anxious woman who is trying to grab her strength to overcome the tragedy and look at it if she finds it not enough. However, Secret Sunshine manages to follow the aristotelian dramatic arc mostly, but pulls back the catharsis, which may interfere with some viewers, especially the end, but the short story symbolism that is in Milyang's name, the sunshine discussions and the images used in the film left me very pleased when I started over the film think. <br /> <br /> ms. Jeon is quite impressive, especially given that if the role was less well played, it would soon have become quite a painful melodrama, but it captures the nuances of Shinae's struggles to cope with his own nuances. Mr. Song has a much smaller role in this film than in other films, but he fills Mrs Jeon adequately, adequately. Technically, the film is well done in the classic sense. No terrible aesthetics are used here - the director tries to explain the story. I think my only real complaint and what may not be possible is that, despite all the time spent with Shina, Shinae and the audience (or at least myself) are a little distance. I think some of this is due to the nature of the work, because when the full empathy is suppressed, we will not see Shinae's objective problems. On the other hand, I never felt Shinae's difficulties, despite many tears and increasingly insecure behavior. <br /> <br /> The film, however, is quite impressive, especially as it prompted me to think about it, the additional meanings it contains, and the drum, coping, self-deception, isolation, and rumination of faith left me well after the credit was finished. Due to his strong leadership position, he didn't notice honestly his 2.25-hour run. And it says something. Well done. 8/10
