Secret Sunshine (2007) is famous for its awards at the Cannes Festival 2007 and other film festivals. Jeon-Do Yeon, who just played Winnie the Shin-ae, won the best actress at the 60th Cannes Festival. Secret Sunshine was also the best feature film and Jeon-Do Yeon became the best actor in the Asia Pacific Pacific Award. In addition, this film won the best film prizes at almost all Korean film festivals. Secretly written and managed and uniquely photographed, Secret Sunshine expressed hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful due to a constant tragedy. This film also talked about the forgiveness of God and people. Lee Chang Dong, the director and writer of this film, said in an interview: "I wanted to express a great deal of love and this film can be a melodrama in some sense. Without love, we can't talk about hope and salvation." there were no obvious genres. This film is not a film of religion, but it drew attention to many Christians in Korea, because there were many Christian elements in the film. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine's turning point comes when Jun, the son of Shin ae, is kidnapped and killed. The abductor is asking for money because he assumes that he must be rich because he can buy the land. His lie causes a lot of sadness. <br /> <br /> Shin-a becomes a church field and wants to forgive the murderer. He decides to visit his son's murderer in prison and forgive him. Jong-chan, a friend of Shin-ae boy, says, "Just forgive your heart. Do you have to go to jail?" His church spouses rejoice in him and say they pray for him. His pastor agrees with what he wants to do. This is a sad moment because it is too early for him to take action. Meeting with a murderer is another turning point in Shin-ae's life. The killer says with a calm smile that God has already forgiven him. It ignites him against God. He says, "How did you forgive a man before I forgive?" <br /> <br /> He will fight against God. He looks at the sky and declares, "I will not lose you." He becomes a blacksmith, his heart is a trap, and his hands are chains. It's more bitter than death. He gets worse and worse and sent to a mental hospital. On the day when Shin-ae leaves the hospital, she goes to a beauty salon and sees a familiar face. The son's murderer's daughter works in the shop and cuts her hair. The killer's daughter has helped Shin-ae son kidnap. Although she cuts Shin-ae's hair, the protagonist can't figure out what's going on and going out of the shop quickly. <br /> <br /> Jong-chan is not difficult to talk about in a movie. Jong-chan is doing his best to be Shin-ae. Although Shin-ae doesn't care about her at all, she is beside her all the time. Shin-ae leaves the church quickly, but Jong-chan, who started in the church because of Shin-ae, stays there because he knows peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, director of Secret Sunshine, says Jong-chan is like Milyang (secret sunshine), rural, or vice versa. He seems to be "too secular and frivolous, but he is always two steps behind and takes care of him. Milyang is like him." Mr. Lee adds: "Somebody jokes that Jong-chan could be an angel. I think he might be an angel. Who knows? We can't say for sure there is no angel." If there is a Jong-chan-like person who forever accompanies his lover's turn, we can protect ourselves from being transgressed. Shin-ae's life is full of nonsense. Her husband died after her deception, and her only son was murdered brutally after the removal of her husband's hometown. And his soul was damaged because he was studying Christianity incorrectly and it made him crazy. It is too easy to say that his life is full of nonsense. Does he still have hope in life? Can she understand her life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin-ae tries to cut her own hair: we walk on our own journey. However, he understands that it is difficult to do it himself, and we know that we cannot do everything ourselves. We see Jong-chan holding the mirror for him when he cuts his hair. This is his hope. He has Jong-chan next to him and he is ready to help him in any situation where he is. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan is like his angel. When we feel that an angel is always behind us and behind us, we find joy in life, although we face reluctance in our lives. <br /> <br /> Secret sunshine was a hot topic in Korea. It's like the Da Vinci code. While the Da Vinci Code helps us discuss early church history, Secret Sunshine calls us to confuse life and find meaning when life seems unbearable. By interpreting the film a little, people are misunderstood about Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interpretation, this film helps us to see under the surface. Some people say they stop attending church worship after they looked at Secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong says, "They were already anti-Christ before they watched this movie. Secret Sunshine is a woman's biography and we can interpret our life through the life of Shin-ae.
