Lee Chang-dong's exceptional "Secret Sunshine" is the most emotionally devastating experience of the year. It is a terrible, brutally honest character with traces of loss and a graceful memorial that resonates with a striking mindset, but remains as understanding as emotional observations. Through its layered naturalness and the dynamics of small towns with a stunningly nice view, Lee indirectly deconstructs the traditional Korean melodrama, pulling over and ripping cinematics to crush the arches shaping his characters and pushing the process of grinding the stoic realism. "Secret Sunshine" remains tremendously convincing, liquid work throughout 142 minutes of work. The first hour of this bravura is filled to the brim with subtextual hints, remarkable induction and rebounds caused by humanistic whim. In a short story, Lee adjusts the film with his sensitivity to the supreme paradoxes of life, which his transgressive comic and superfluous Oasis showed last. Understanding how personal revolutions have changed the views of our universe, Lee sees not only the widow's emotional cataclysm exploratory scope, but also feels that the film is a striking existential stream when religion becomes a narrative scapegoat to understand the sadness of Do-yeon Jeon ("You're My Sunshine") The best actor praise in Cannes in 2007 is well earned. His widow Shin-ae is still a relentless mystery. As the character is pulled under the control of the forces, the greatness of its occurrence is central to the film's turbulent nature. With Jeoni esseeing one of the cyclonic upheavals after another, there's a fabulous collapse of the feeling that the film, its credit, will never approach. Instead, it finds a delicate balance that breaks down the theatricalism and the banalities that followed it from the usual tragedy and its precipitation. He becomes both the universe of the film and our center. The film was filmed in a brilliant hand-held CinemaScope, which demolishes the kinematism of frames and compositions, becoming visually fierce, as it is quietly harassing, when the camera never lets Shin-ae glance with happiness, guilt and regret. <Br /> <br /> Lee strikes the life details in the small suspicious city of Miryang? the discomfort of social situations, its uncomfortable silence and its destruction have arisen from personal dramas. Shin-ae's communication with the city people rarely inspires dividends, especially when they are just committed to their son, Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). One of the recurring acquaintances is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a bachelor of mechanics of insecure intentions, who helps her on the Miryang route in the enchanting open order of the film, a fascinating stream of sunlight. The song is a comic hero in South Korea's biggest films, but his subtle, low-key delivery here directs the director's thinking process where he never needs more than just necessary. <br /> <br /> If the pain is ephemeral, then sadness can never really dispel. And Lee finds coping difficult. When Shin-ae tries to come to terms with reconciliation only when he comes back with an unimaginable heartbeat, he uses the unsuccessful Evangelical Christian community as his foil of sorrow. But Lee knows it better when he realizes that religion, in the context of human dignity and hostility, is never an easy solution. But Lee never attacks the essence of religion when he understands the value of salvation through some greater power, even if it serves in some form of refusal. On his last side, dealing with religion, scenes cannot be aggressively intimidating, which is self-evident in view of how many filmmakers allow the momentum of material to be taken over from what they have to say to keep their story true and characters. <br /> <br /> Lee's first film since his calls for his country's Minister of Culture and Tourism is an uncompromising dissertation on human suffering. It is clear from both art and the real film that it is not as simple as emotional catharsis, but the reduction of torture and torture. "Secret sunshine" leaves us with a delicate grace drawn out of evangelism, and points to a deep understanding of despair and faith.
