I did not intend to write this review, but after reading the default check that appeared on the URL of this movie, I felt compelled to write a rejection. In the film, the word is ultimate. It does not deserve a narrative review written by the writer. I think the writer has completely disappeared completely. In fact, I had also turned off the excessive evangelical commitment that occupied much of the film. However, I find it different from the observer that this film is not the propaganda of the gospel action. I think what the director has shown is how religion is not enough to find all the answers to how religion is largely capable of answering the basic, simple questions that can be asked and what all religion has to offer is sometimes only single or other banal platits. It does not prove the value of religion, because we must remember that religion has been transformed and expressed by ordinary, mostly well-meaning, basically good people, and usually lack monopoly of truth, and therefore religion cannot finally give definite answers to some life issues. Ultimately, it is a matter of faith. You have to take that faith and everything. And if you are given faith, you can judge the display of each faith. And if you do not give faith, any religion is tiring. Thus, at the same time, it is instructive to note the reaction of the reporter to the film. In any case, the director tells us that we cannot accept the religious interpretation of the events and the answers to the questions, and despite the fact that life goes on and in this world there is a "secret sun" waiting for all the wounded souls, regardless of their religious orientation. And that's just the main message of the movie! Note the last scene of the movie if you can't! Ultimately, the film is an excellent and very thoughtful provocative and faces you - with questions that you have to answer yourself. So it is a work of art that is personally challenging for you. I agree with the reviewer that evangelical things were a little too much. Considering the above interpretation of religion, as shown in the film, I think the director tried to balance the acts by which he could not be called the gospel? basher! The actor Kang-ho Song was great as always. She is so balanced and just perfect that she is just amazing. She is my favorite Korean actress. I know the actor Do-yeon Jeon received the Cannes Prize for the best actor in this film. But I didn't find any specialties in my business. Do you think you need to cry and be truly convincing in hysterical scenes and everything to win the prizes? All in all, great movie. If you don't like it? check it again and see if you can get it! If it leaves you unhappy or uncomfortable, or ask questions, think about it if it wasn't what the driver had actually been trying to get through this movie!
