Paul Verhoeven has one of the greatest directors of the most strange creations: he started to create films in his home country in the Netherlands, before he moved to Hollywood, where he began to perform subversive genres, often seen as just entertainment for the ordinary crowd. The fourth person in 1983 was the last film he made before moving to the US and seems to have been a transition film for him. <br /> <br /> It is clear from the beginning of the fourth person that the film is visible from the perspective of the famous, though impoverished, author Gerard. Like Carol Reed, titled "The Third Person, 1949", a film that respects the author begins with a journey to talk about crowds of literature lovers. However, similarities end as Gerard does not reach larger complications before entering the auditorium and the speech itself goes quite smoothly. Despite the relative ease with which he completes this function, we know that the author is somewhat uneasy because he has realistic fantasies about killing his roommate before leaving his house, and he also has a surreal fantasy involving the hotel he sees as advertised and separated An eyeball grows out of the door door. The fact that he sometimes has difficulties in keeping his fantasies separate from reality is to say more clearly when he says his anecdote is misleading and he admits he is "lying to the truth until he knows if something was or will not happen" . "The fourth person is full of surreal fantasies and dreams that become even more troublesome because it is very easy to see how they relate to the events we've seen and sometimes they show events that have happened yet. Efficiency of unreal sequences and Verhoeven ' This careful film style is the most spectacular film of the most inconspicuous film, like this film, and as this film is full of ambiguity, unlike the fact that the fourth person is perversely funny because Gerard's deeply held Catholic beliefs penetrate every aspect of his life, including sexuality. He naturally binds a female hairdresser who knows the Bible Delilah closely, although he fears that he will remove the more important masculinity symbol with his scissors. br /> <br /> The fourth person is a horror film that can be viewed by the viewer bring the protagonist's mind while maintaining some ambiguity: it certainly seems like Gerard is in danger, but it may just be his "lie of truth". The film is full of fine and not so fine visual symbols that will make it a unique and satisfying film experience.
