Watching DE VIERDE MAN (aka FOUR MAN) is a little unpleasant and quite exciting experience. This is a very intense and intense psychological mystery / thriller from the Dutch Paul Verhoeven. He directed this film just before he got his "free ticket to Hollywood" - FLESH + BLOOD. In many comments from the users of this site I noticed mentioning Alfred Hitchcock. Indeed, this film may be Hitchcockian, but I also noticed the work of Cronenberg (visceral), David Lynch (surreal story related visuals) and even Roman Polanski (plot-wise). The funny thing is that the films of the directors I was thinking of while watching DE VIERDE MAN were not until after 1983, the year of the release of the fourth person. So the indicator goes. <br /> <br /> The story of Gerard Reve's original novel is really great, this movie is based. Gerard Reve is also the fictional name of the main character (tortured writer, played by Jeroen Krabbé, balancing the dangerous line of serious psychosis). Has anyone stopped now and thought that the word "rêve" is French for "dream"? And the film has many dreamy / horrible sequences, often so you don't always know for sure whether Gerard is awake or dreaming himself. Could it be coincidence ...? Maybe it's just me, but I don't think so. Renée Soutendijk is quite amazing as a leading lady (in a rather demanding role). Sometimes he seems guilty of being too subtle (in a subtle way). But this aspect was obviously deliberate to portray what he was playing, because if that film progressed, you wouldn't know what to think about that lady and her intentions. Prove again what a great actor is. I could add that the film also contains a number of scenes that represent complete male and female nudity, as well as some quite explicit sex scenes. Another aspect of the film is a lot of insignia and biblical references / images that allegedly made the film a hateful thing for some conservative / catholic movement during the liberation of Europe. Either way, it's worth watching another movie. Now, someone recently said that he has serious doubts about DE VIERDE MAN. One of them is that the film is supposed to maneuver itself into a position where it needs the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to resolve it. I have a big problem with how Catholicism has been and is sometimes depicted in many films in every genre (not only when it comes to religiously themed horror films). But surprisingly, I had no doubt about the fourth person. Although the Virgin Mary aspect of the plot made me scratch my head, I was also having fun. I think the keyword, why it didn't bother me at all, is "dualism." Because this movie works on two levels. Although "divine intervention" could have solved the plot line from the point of view of the protagonist ... on the other hand, it would mean that all this could have been mad mad joyful rambling. And it's a fun part: You never know for sure. And then the question is: can it be that Gerard Reve somehow got distorted visions of future things ... like receiving apples? At one point in the film, Gerard even tries to deceive Christine to believe he is a psychic. The way he plays Christine in this particular scene is a great vision. <br /> <br /> So, DE VIERDE MAN is indeed highly recommended in terms of its compelling story, convincing exhibitions and adequate direction (especially if you enjoy a strong European psychological horror film). But make sure you see the original Dutch version (not duplicated).
