I don't know if I consider this to be masterpieces, but it's close to the fuck; it is an extremely well-made, artistic, intrusive, intricate drawing, thematic challenge and full of blind predictive and sexual religious images. There's also some great camera work from Jan de Bont, Loek Dikker and Jeroen Krabbés and Renée Soutendijk, one of the most burning, finest "femme fatale" I've ever seen. Like many other European films, this film has a striking, non-decisive attitude towards the complexity of sexuality, nudity, and sexuality, and has zero reservations to mix it with religious and / or surreal (some say blasphemous) images. In other words, if you can't think of seeing a covetous homosexual foreseeing his carnal desire when Jesus was crucified before two of them go inside the cemetery encrypted, it may not be a movie for you. What surprised me more is how this strange film managed to fail completely. It mixes the abstract / surreal / parallel fantasy-reality scene and makes it somehow work. As with any good mystery, you can see the film slowly moving in as the movie progresses. There is no left-side resolution here. The film has a direction, no unnecessary filler, and once it's over, you begin to understand what may be confusing you earlier. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee you love this movie. Hell, if you have no idea who they are, you can still like it. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to break the plot too detailed, but with the opening of the movie - a spider on the web trying to catch it - puts a stage like Krabbé, such as the delightful, secret, bisexual writer Gerard Reve (interesting, too, the name of the writer novel based on it) goes through the path of a rich, mysterious and sexy woman named Christine (Soutendijk, melding androgynous style of Simone Simon-like innocence / cuteness, which is pretty nervous) who can literally be a "black widow" who is responsible for her three previous for the death of the spouse. Two of them become lovers and move with each other, but we believe (the strange behavior of Christine and the frequent appearances of another woman played by Geert de Jong - who may or may not actually exist) something terrible to boil down on the surface. If another Christine lover, young and "beautiful" Herman (Thom Hoffman) appears in the house, things are unexpected. That's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> The fourth person was a great success in the art world in many countries around the world, but did not reach the US until 1984, where he was awarded the Best Foreign Film Film of the Year of the Los Angeles Film Critics' Union. The most widespread video is a media release that is terribly duplicated. Try to avoid this and head straight to the newer subtitles for the Anchor Bay DVD version. After coming to America, Verhoeven has the ups and downs of his career. He has made some decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some bad movies (Showgirls). In fact, Verhoeven's big hit Basic Instinct is almost as interesting as the fourth-league junior league. Soutendjik also tried to act in America, and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best deals he received, he went straight back to the Netherlands.
