Paul Verhoeven is a stylish and shocking neo-noir thriller as the predecessor of his Basic Instinct. Verhoeven has become known for making some sliding trash bins both in his home country of the Netherlands and in America, and this is one reason why. The fourth person follows the wonderful story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); gay, alcoholic, and a slightly crazy writer who goes to Vlissingen to talk about his written stories. There he meets a seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk) who brings her back to her home, where she finds a beautiful picture of one of her lovers and declares that she will meet her, even if she kills her. <br /> <p> Paul Verhoeven draws the truth many times in this movie to ensure you never know where you are. Many of the events of the Fourth Man may be what they seem to be, but they can easily be interpreted as something else, and it keeps the audience on the edge of their seats throughout their duration and also makes the film a narrative that it thrives. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels that he has to limit himself, and that is one of the things I like best. This film has a very shocking scene that made me feel bad for hours (and it doesn't happen very often!). I don't break it because it needs a surprise to work ... but you see what I mean when you see the movie (make sure you get the uncut version!). There are also several other macabre scenes that are less shocking than I mentioned but are still cute; the man can eat the lions, the other is the tube that is sent through his skull, the boat breaks in half ... cute. <br /> <br /> The fourth person does nothing to write home, but it is a strong collection. Jeroen Krabbé keeps the audience in sight and sees a part as a drunk writer. However, Renée Soutendijk is the most impressive, like the femme fatale story in the middle. His performance is what Sharon Stone imitates nine years later than the original instinct, but the original fatale did the best. Paul Verhoeven's direction is everywhere as he draws our attention through many views, all of which help to create a mystery story. Verhoeven has made some garbage, but obviously talent and he is ashamed that he is not using it better. Of all the Verhoeven films I've seen, it's the best and it can be hard to meet; trust me, it's worth it.
