The film, which can tear the tears of joy and destroy tears of joy, is seen as a step in the career of a common filmmaker. The fact is that Steven Spielberg, probably our biggest narrator, has done this for years in various film formats. COLOR WORK was considered risky, especially after the classics like JAWS and RUDERS LOST ARK. In retrospect this film should have come as a surprise, because Spielberg made us cry tears of joy and sadness in E.T. Critics called COLOR PURPLE his entrance to the intellectual ticket. This is quite an entrance. There is no special effect based on literary classics by Alice Walker, it is just a creative narration. One surprise is how Spielberg could make such a moving film about African Americans deep in the south. The slave is lost, but in the southern part shown here, black people seem to use other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always put up for the purpose of sentimenting his pictures or adding a nursery element to the audience. It's really the first of your neglected movies that you can't do. This is the first in a series of films that people have not seen or seen because there are no foreigners. EMPIRE OF DAY, ONLY, SCHINDLER LIST, etc. His fantastic talent with this particular picture is obvious because A) he uses mostly untrained, first-time attendees, B) he deals with the most sensitive subject for the screen, and C) it is a pure drama that does not pull a string where characters grow and change about 30 after a year. It is almost epic like appearance and scope and the fact that he did not collect one academic prize from 11 candidates is travesty and insult. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is fabulous as a tortured Celie, a rude woman whose bleeding father gave to a malicious Danny Glover who knows only "Mister". The film follows the path of accidental beating and mental torture, which he runs through "Mister". The PG-13 rated film is quite open to the sexual issues raised by the Walker novel. It's not in Georgia in any way "Burning Bed". There is no obvious revenge that could be expected. This happens well. Goldberg plays a completely human being, someone who needs love, and someone who deserves it. The most striking and heartbreaking moment of the film is when Goldberg and his sister Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) are separated, maybe forever. (Is it possible to separate the child and the older holocaust?) You may need to check the pulse if this sequence is not moved. <br /> <br /> Colorful purple stands for the beauty of the surrounding fields and flowers. poor people. There really is something to live there, but love triumphs all. The Spielberg bashers note: The boy can forget the unforgettable classics without a cute alien. <br /> <br /> Rating: 10/10
