This rather badly mentioned Western series won the Emmy Best Syndicate Program and is definitely an interesting series. It was produced by the Republic, a studio that did something better than anyone, and they did it the best. Each episode was built around the old western real historical figure. A railway detective named Matt Clark, similar to the later Elliot Ness with the 1920s and 30s, was able to engage almost every notorious Western law from the mid-1800s to the First World War. The best asset in the series was Jim Davis. The high, rugged, strong-looking, prime shape, authentic western accent, and great riding skills that made him completely persuaded, were Davis, every west western hero. In the first season he was with two cute and active members, Mary Castle as "Frankie" and another time with Kristine Miller "Jonesy". Everyone worked well with Davis. <br /> <br /> What was different from the contemporary exhibition of this exhibition, and the many that came later, was the professionalism that invested in the activity. Ace CEO William Witney directed 30 episodes. The rest of Franklin Adreon. Both filmed the action by polishing. The coverage of the Republic's wide-ranging series and B stock records was used to give scope. The level of individual episodes rose or coincided with the stars of proximity to the game. Really good were Marie Windsor Belle Starrina, Lee Van Cleef Jesse James, Fess Parker Grat Dalton, Jean Parker as Kate Kate and Joe Sawyer and Slim Pickins as Butch Cassady and "Smilin Child". The West and the Coming, Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best and Richard Jaeckel's choir sprang up their craft. B-veterans with decades of experience under their belts, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell, and Chief Yowlachie offered old old skin colors. <br /> <br /> The concept was that there were so many famous western laws. During the second season, the famous figures changed to a dedicated history buffer. Nevertheless, some of the later exhibitions were suitable for everyone because of the stars. Henry Brandon was the master of the Nate Master of the Viper, and the former Republic star Don Barry was prominent as it was a small, occasionally forbidden Milt Sharp. <br /> <br /> Western fans or historians want to see it.
