COUNTRY'S PRESIDENCIES AND "VILLA PARANOIA" TRIUMP The public's favorite film, which is more important than the jury's award, was Erik Clausen's brilliant bittersweet dramatic comedy "Villa Paranoia", also selected by the European Youth Jury. his complaint to cinephile of all ages. The next day, the director-actor Clausen drove to the far city of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, the festival of the new European cinema province, where "Villa Paranoia" took three more prizes - the best film, a professional jury; Best Film, Target Audience Award; and the best film from the second youth jewelery, made up of French high school students. Five awards during one weekend - not a bad scoop from a small country with unknown actors. In addition, Villa was awarded the Grand Prix, MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD, San Jose, California, for just a week, by a distinguished British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"). one week. When Lars van Trier has made Denmark an offmeat dog on a cinematographic map in recent years, it is now a good chance that veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his capable actors' team will soon show the world that Denmark has more to offer than a dogmatic drivel, meaning massive audience for both young and old. What's more, the female director of her film, Sonja Richter, has such a magical presence that she can get a little more exposure to the next Scandinavian Diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a fictional film written, directed and directed by Mr Clausen and using certain motifs of "Moliere" Imaginary Invalid ". Ambitious young actor Anna (Richter) has lost a deeply sought after role in the Moliere game and is completely foolish when she reaches the commercial target of suicide. But Jorgen (Clausen), who runs a big chicken farm sponsoring on the ground, offers him a job with room and table, taking care of his dancing, senile, wheelchair father Walentin, who hasn't spoken because his wife Stella has been suicidal for years. Anna is the only one who finally finds a way of communicating with a hostile silent old man - and also discovering she has been deaf and immobile in all these years - the lively "Malade Imaginaire". As a result, he plays the greatest role in his life to discover the dark secret that led Walentin to a complete retreat from life and reality. Villa "Paradise-Paranoia", which is true of the Moliere tradition, which is partly derived from it, is a warm-hearted, multi-layered, serial-comic psycho-drama that literally has something for everyone and only needs a suitable layout to achieve a global international the information it deserves abundantly. Alex Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
