Undoubtedly one of John Ford's masterpieces, Young Lincoln went virtually unnoticeable at the time of his first release, it is no wonder that 1939 was the year when many of the biggest films in the history of cinema were released, including the most mythical genres in the West, the Stagecoach milestone of John Ford, and many others. like, for example, Gone with Wind, Oz's wizard, Mr. Smith goes to Washington, who took Oscar's only category Young Mr. Lincoln, which is the original scenario. <br /> <br /> It was the least undervalued Ford film for years that had to gradually disappear under the guise of other John Ford masterpieces, but by the end of the 1950s American and European film critics and historians took over. a note from Lincoln, written by legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein, where he praised it, and admitted that if he had had the opportunity to direct any American film made so far, John Ford would certainly be Mr. Lincoln. Such undeniable preference of Eisenstein revealed that the critics began to see the film again, but only slightly different eyes and the reputation of the film had grown since then. <br /> <br /> It wasn't the first time one of the most legendary American presidents live on the screen. In the early 1930s, Griffith made it to Abraham Lincoln and in the same year as Ford's film, MGM released one of Abe Lincoln's John Cromwell in Illinois. Strangely enough, both of them were based on the very successful Broadway Stage Play, which was released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. With regard to John Ford's films, we can easily find many references to the life and deeds of mythical Lincoln's face, and even to the deaths of many of the director's works, such as the 1924 The Iron Horse or 1936 The Shark Island prisoner, the other as Young Mr. Lincoln, the main musical theme used by favorite Lincoln song - Dixie. <br /> <br /> A scenario based on the above-mentioned steps and Lincoln's biographies written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford, which was quite rare for Ford, but the end result was just a great scenario that combines Play elements with several historical facts as well as myths and legends about the beginning of Abraham Lincoln's life and law practice culminated in a fun but mostly heartbeat trial, which is the highest point of the film and the main generator of laughter and tears, where Lincoln protects two young brothers accused of murder turn. to help her mother even when she has been brought to court as a witness and where the prosecutor's lawyer (played by Donald Meek) demands that he declare one of his sons actually murder, which was obviously obliged to make him condemn condemnation and allow the other to live . <br /> <br /> In general, it is a very touching, warm-hearted and even funny movie that has just great performance with Henry Fonda's ultimate character, Abraham Lincoln, and the richness of overwhelming other characters, no matter how small or how big they are. Admired the wonderful and intelligent scenario and headed by John Ford's genius as one of the best deliveries ever. Everyone must see for sure. 10/10
