In his otherwise excellent book, Lincoln's American Memory, historian Merrill Peterson Young calls Mr.Lincoln a "boring, terrible, movie". This amazingly wrong analysis just shows that great historians are rarely beautiful film critics. I work with Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. During the preparation of the doctoral thesis, I made a thorough analysis of this film and the excellent interpretation of Tag Gallagher in my seminar book on Ford. Young Mr. Lincoln comes out to culminate in the first stage of Ford's filmmaking. 1939 From this largest year in Hollywood, Ford led three excellent, still not fully appreciated films: Drums Along the Mohawk, Stagecoach and Young Mr.Lincoln. It may seem strange to say that Stagecoach has not been fully appreciated, all except the most critical critics have to realize that it is one of the biggest Westerners and perhaps even one of the greatest films of all time. However, it is not fully appreciated that these three films work together as trilogy - triptych. Ford creates a sort of mythical American history on the screen. Drums at Mohawk are a revolutionary war. Young Mr.Lincoln is pre-war America. Finally, Stagecoach is a post-civil war in America. The common feature of the three films is that they are an extended meditation to the American Adam and his "revenge". What are the psychological and social costs of America's apparent destiny, as America strives to build new human beings in the desert, Lincoln symbolizes America as an attempt to reconcile civilization's intuition (law) with the freedom of the desert. Mr.Lincoln has no history, (it is full of historical "carts", so both Ford and Trotti were well aware) but a myth. It is Lincoln, a symbol of justice and mercy, Lincoln, a desert man, trying to find civilization inside and become a young American "remarkable legislator". Young Mr. Lincoln is not as historic as James Agee's long forgotten telephony from Lincoln, and like the Sandburg biography, this epic poem is a very beautiful epic poem.
