The years of drugs actually suffer from one of these aspects of the mini-series or other TV documentaries that are running over and over again in a few weeks. It's not really long enough. All of the decades' main foundations are covered and they are all interested in postmodern history and on different sides. But it almost does not cover enough, or at least what is sometimes covered will be given once if it deserves more time. For example, the third part of the information and details of the whole process and business related to the delivery of mass quantities of drugs (partly marijuana, later cocaine) is really well presented, but there are more details that are kept as much as the documentary does not allow enough the light of how drugs, pop culture, government interference, upper class and lower classes, and suburbs, knew all the wave of drugs over the years and the relationships between all were very obvious. In the film, no one, except for the small tips of the pots, goes directly to support drugs, but it is shown that they are archival clips about honesty, sometimes fun and then tragic, about taking certain drugs. . Appearances by various incredible, ridiculous anti-drug officials take up some points - even in a review of drug cultures and the American community as a whole - because there is really only one important point that is made a few times by one of the interviewees. The only way to really approach the drug issue is not to "just say no" because the war on drugs has shown that it is not as effective as you thought. Indeed, all drugs and people who may be hypocritical about them are simply cleaned up (such as oxyconin continues on the market). <br /> <br /> Is it the interest and depth of the great Ken Burns documentary? No, but for watching some summer TVs for young people (that is, my age) who watch a lot of it in almost old history, despite the fact that most of them are more than a generation back, but also "old" who can reflect a few decades later the careless times and then the same media more than the prevalent and advertised disappointment. There are those who may consider the documentary to be particularly biased, which is not entirely wrong, but tries to obtain sufficient differences in the social, political and entertainment conditions associated with the intertwining of drugs (better or more obviously worse). an exciting view.
