With the death of her husband, May, an older woman faces a future in the urban world that sees her invisible, dead from the neck, and does not want her son, Bobby, and his low-female wife in pseudo-complicated homes. , Helen and Paula, a self-absorbing, sticking and minimally talented daughter. The central family is anything but warm, supportive, and understanding of her new and tragic life stage with the death of her husband. Mom is a quiet character study that shows how in some societies an older parent has both unwanted and burdened children whose career and status search overshadows everything else. <br /> <br /> Because May has to understand that the world is still important to him, the lonely widow finds her libido, which is her daughter's boyfriend, carpenter and rough sort. One can begin unimpeded sexual communication with Darren, whose character is sympathetic to him, but his faulty nature is quickly manifested by the pressure of his surrounding women. <br /> <br /> This is Hollywood's role. actors of a certain age have never been written for them, but never appear, because the honesty of the film, obvious sexuality, strange wardrobes, small makeup and the comments of the society about the very bravery of society are most of the women in the film industry. The performance of the leading actress Anne Reid is quietly ridiculous and her oral widow's screen is in front of an oral and liberated middle-aged woman without a face lift, hair extension and liposuction. He's more than just the screen of his soul. <br /> <br /> Daniel Craig is a licensing champion, Derrek, who hosts both mother and daughter. He turns to the second star sign, which is initially similar to the widow, but in the end, without redemption, when his true nature opens and he is literally a chicken in a chicken house. The inability of her meaningless character to say not to her former husband, a boring girlfriend and her mother is accused of her ineffective existence. Although the building with a conservatory is good, he cannot build meaning in his life. <br /> <br /> One of Britain's best films of the year, it's just an adult in its wildlife. Mom is a rare film that is probably too honest for an American audience to have no car ride, no shaking, no rap soundtrack to drown cretan performances on TV starlets and buff studmuffins. The mother reflects how aging baby boom generations are now disposable people whom descendants want to forget, send to the old home, and get out of the way. May not know what to do when Darren lives, not ready to go home to old people and finds his children more conservative than ever.
