It is an excellent film that deals with a potentially exploitable subject with a high sensitivity. Anne Reid, formerly best known in the UK for her TV roles including "Dinnerladies" (Victoria Wood's scripted series of catering staff, if you don't know), gives an accurate estimate, as in May, during the late 60's, two adult adults in downtown London were beaten mother. His wife, Toots (Peter Vaughan), is dying to visit his latest species father (Bobby) and we see Bobby and his family welcoming the couple. May's daughter Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw) lives close, but the relationship between May and Paula seems to be closer at first. So if May decides that he can't live in his home and come back to London, he will be able to stay in Paula's house and take care of Paula's senior offspring. <br /> <br /> May May visits Bobby House, which he starts with Darren, a 30-year-old Bobby friend, working on the expansion of the house. What may be the first British film that depicts this is May and not Darren (Daniel Craig *), who starts the meeting and at least at first it seems that the relationship is based on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least on the DVD I saw: the differences in the IMDb list refer to the existence of other versions) and the physical basis of the case is handled directly but not exploited. The relationship between May and daughter Paula, which has been recently converted into a "therapy and self-awareness", has been more strongly depicted, and it is reported that the mummy has never been supported by her. Paula is also Darren's mistress and when she finds May's clear but rather bad drawings of Darren and May, things go down in a dramatic but controlled way. Only in English movie could a daughter report that she was going to hit her mother, politely ask her to stand up and stand still. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, May may be in a relationship with a decent but older (own generation) Paula written group member. The difference between the following unwanted relationship and its relationship with Darren is clearly made; just at that moment, Mai Paula will be welcomed and Darren's worm will begin to turn (he will show cocaine that he may be after his money, if not all the time, but for some trips). So he thinks that the needs of his children are both redundant and finally returning home (but later the jet land leaves a new grazing area). <br /> <br /> The strength of the movie is that it represents an uncertain but compassionate truth about the nature of today's adult-brotherhood relationships, where executions can leave the surviving parent alone more than having to care for someone. This is not new, but the openness of depicting sexual needs among those over 60 may be. The darkness of the content of the film, from the Hanif Kureish scenario, is the opposite of how it is illuminated (it seems to be an eternal summer), and the general mood is exaggerating - it would be so easy to have another piece placed in a glowing and rainy England. The end is obviously inadequate because we don't know where May goes or how long - maybe he's on a Shirley Valentine retirement, he's definitely not Picasso. But Anne Reid is a beautiful actor whose work life has definitely changed forever. Like Julie Andrews at Torn Curtain (Paul Newman says) "your Mary Poppins {read Dinnerladies} good picture". <br /> <br /> * Yes, he announced a new James Bond.
