It is hard to imagine a director who is capable of such a godawful crap like "Notting Hill" pulling something as sensitive and as attractive as this, but well, here's the evidence and it's pretty convincing. Several have referred to TV drama and yes, it has seventies to play nowadays, but it is always mentioned above, mainly I think Anne Reid's action is a rather surprising and exquisite script that shades boxes with clichés without ever having a nose apart maybe at the end. (I didn't like watching the indifferent goodbye through the corridor or the oh-what-a-beautiful-morning final scene: it deserves a more researched finale than what I think after that hard work. The business was also somewhat OTT, contemplating). <br /> <br /> What I mean by avoiding clichés: well, I had one deeper expectation that the "mature" man's May daughter was trying to set her up in two dimensions as an opposing old cage, so the contrast would be more painfully appealing to a young man he competes inadvertently. Instead, we get an unexpectedly sophisticated and sympathetic girl from a lonely, cumbersome, not completely unlikely and very human companion, who doesn't have much clue about a woman's entertainment. I started to sit around this place and pay more attention. Here was a script that allowed participants to breathe and do something interesting with relatively small parts. Almost Mike Leigh in this respect (minus the experienced Cathars, which the latter goes unexplained). <br /> <br /> And, of course, I was, as everyone probably was, puzzled by what Anne Reid does with her character and her body. She is / not / "repressed, a conscientious housewife who discovers her first time", is too simple for our character. Again and again, there are clues to him that he has been a "bad housewife", not to mention what he does with the tile, trying to take care of it and in a strange way, and only succeeds in uncomfortable viewing. She blames her for "sitting all day in front of the TV", not even if her mother's duties can be assumed: she has no answer. She has never been a model woman and mother, at least not for herself - there is a lot of momentum coming from the fact that someone has wasted a life that is trying to fill a role that she just wasn't.
