After SuperFriends and Scooby Doo flew on a Saturday morning in the autumn of 1986, I ended up watching almost Saturday morning drawings because they were the only two who drove me. it seemed to me very promising, "retired" and I started sleeping on a Saturday morning. I went back to the TV only on Saturday morning for only one and only one animated show. <br /> <br /> Superman's new animated exhibition was something I wasn't going to get up with. I was 17 years old and in high school, but what! I loved this example. What I remember was a gift for a series of fans, which I expect to celebrate Superman's 50th birthday. It was a theme of music and music style reminiscent of John Williams movie score by Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve Superman movies. I felt honestly that the animation style Ruby Spears reminded a couple of years ago of the Super Powers series of Hanna Barbera Galaxy Guardians. Unfortunately, Danny Dark wasn't back to Superman, but I felt that Beau Weaver did a very impressive job because Superman and his Clark Kent voice were like Chris Reeve's version. Heard by Reed Richards / Mr. Fantastic for the fantastic fourteen of the 90s, I still saw this version of Superman in my mind. Ginny McSwain as Lois Lane. LOL! What a rhyme. He was the voice director of Hanna Barbera and Ruby Spears, and I think she took it to Lois. The memories of super-girlfriends remained in this series when it came over the voice. Jimmy Olsen is Mark Taylor, who was SuperFriends earlier in Firestorm. Perry White is someone other than former Batman TV writer Stanley Ralph Ross, who was SuperFriends at Gorilla Grodd and Brainiac Super Powers. And Lex Luthor, now a smart cracking billionaire Tycoon, is nothing more than a SuperFriends voice source, Michael Bell, whom I know best as Zan and Riddler, as well as many other symbols in many other series. I felt that this series was a combination of Superman with post-crisis John Byrne, who saw Superman, with Lex Luthor billionaire, Jonathan and Martha Kent, to see Clark as Superman. That's what Bruce Timm's series and Lois and Clark do. Unfortunately, we never saw Brainiac, Bizarro, Toyman, Metallo, or Darksex. Other than Luthor, we saw only the worshiper and we saw General Zodi. I especially liked one episode with Wonder Woman, who was announced by BJ Ward, who also played with Super Powers Tea. Episodes broke down and I also enjoyed Clark's growth and development stories from childhood to adolescence to adult who moved to Metropolis in a short, small segment of the Superman family album. <br /> <br /> Only two things I didn't like. It only lasted one season. And after hoping for a Wonder Woman guesthouse, I was hoping that Batman would rise by Adam West (still thinking of Super Powers Team episodes). I also hoped that because of the Prankster episode, the Metropolis baseball team was against Gotham Goliaths. <br /> <br /> Every popular Super Hero has one comic book that is very rare. For SpiderMan, I feel that this is a 1981 solo series that at the same time understood Amazing Friends. In the Incredible Hulk, this is a 1982 comic. For Fantastic Four, this is the 1978 series with a robot. For Batman, this is Batman's new Batman adventure in 1977 with BatMite. But for Superman it's the rarest series. <br /> <br /> Superman's books and documentaries never cover or mention it. This is another series that WB should consider for DVD release. All in all, this 1988 Superman version is well ... Super !!
