TENENDS began with Bernard Malamud, a writer / philosopher who died in 1971 as a short novel, exploring conflicts between Jews and African Americans in the flaming atmosphere of Brooklyn at the time of writing. As a novel, the story was quite deaf: when it was rewritten into the novels by David Diamond and Danny Green (who also leads), it is a more brain dissertation that gradually enters into action in recent moments. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish writer who has one book under his belt, but is currently trying to finish his "newest" book in writing for ten years. Convinced that she must fill the novel in the same environment as it started. he is the only tenant condemned in the Brooklyn rental agreement, owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel), who is constantly trying to "buy" Harry's lease to demolish a dirty broken building. In this atmosphere, another black military quasi-anti-Semitic writer Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg), with whom Harry comes into contact with his friends, offers and provides assistance to the emerging writer who is trying to write about the death of all the whites. Harry's attempts to help Willie lead to a conflict, at least of which Harry is meeting with Willie's girlfriend, the white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne) less than a friendly gathering of Willie's military brothers and sisters. Willie and Irene are on their feet, and Harry gradually falls in love with Irene and they plan to leave New York as soon as Harry finishes his novel. When Willie hears his surrender, and Harry criticizes it, Willie explodes and begins not only a gentle friendship but also a decline between writers. The end "shows the slippery nature of human condition and the human capacity for violence and readmission". <br /> <br /> Participants will do their best if the script is a bit uncomfortable, but despite the scripted lines bordering on preaching, they create incredible characters. Cinematography improves the story, keeping the mood tight and dense, and is mainly confined to the condemned building. Based on the musical results, the solo jazz trumpet and blues piano are used to emphasize the tension and isolation of any such undefined character. Though it takes the brain's ramblings, the film finally bears the patience. At least he is trying to revive Malamud's odd look at life in a big city. Grady Harp
