Like Jack Nicholson's debut, Drive, He Said shows at least that he is the director of talented actors. Even when the story may seem to be losing to its audience (and to the modern audience - if they find it that jumps now and again on eBay - it may seem more freely than they think), the movie includes lively interesting testimonies. The film speaks of two college children: the main character is Hector (William Tepper, bordering on explosive design), a leopard star, a college basketball team he plays. Although she has to deal with a trainer (Bruce Dern) who puts pressure on her, and comes in and out of a girlfriend (Karen Black) with her emotional problems, Gabriel (Michael Margotta), the second child. Gabriel seems to be a little more than what to work out, and in his radical state of mind he does what he can keep. But as Hector tries to find a balance between his opposite fame and the people he loves, Gabriel goes beyond the limit of reason. <br /> <br /> On the technical side of things, Nicholson shows an interesting style of editing that keeps things from being served in Basketball scenes and applying darkness to many other scenes with the entire documentary. And Tepper, Black, and even Robert Towne (Chinatown, Last Detail and Mission: among other things, who rarely works) writes to him about reliable action. Although Tepper has a tendency to lower his emotions. In some scenes, for example, when he is able to act superbly sarcastically, he does not play what is worth. But Margotta is a living, twisted force in the performance, and when he descends, it is scary, but perhaps understandable from time to time (and what is the peak). Dern steals most of his scenes, by the way, in a performance that ought to have received the Oscar nomination for him. Every line of his dialogue is relevant, true, and it is never like in recent trainer movie shows. <br /> <br /> But what drives a movie is that the elements that contain the symbols are not explained to the extent that could be desired. The film was based on Jeremy Larner's novel, who wrote the script with Nicholson and I was expecting the film to be longer than it was. It is a thin volume with a lot of information about the ages of sports, the knowledge of the young generation. Nicholson introduces us to these signs and situations, and is rarely shown to those who motivate them (anti-war protesters are not involved, their share is sufficiently understandable). Gabriel is disturbed by what is happening in Vietnam, but what else? Hector is also a boy who has doubts about his preparation for the NBA and who still loves to play, but what keeps him back? This whole atmosphere is intriguing how the 60's college / basketball experience was, but the intriguing quality that brings non-traditionalism is kept in a place where it doesn't go too far. All in all, the effect of the film as a whole is bittersweet and somewhat memorable for its good points, not for the low ones. And surely you can tell who is behind the lens at every turn. B +
