This is a pretty amazing movie to watch. Using digital technology, director Rohmer literally has his living actors painted as backgrounds. Mostly, it works great, especially at the beginning, where the movie is like a pop-up story. It is less successful for some scenes than it restricts the corners of the camera (for example, they didn't paint on some buildings), but it is a very interesting way to film a historical film that is just as much about our own misconceptions and limited views of history as history itself. This is the remembrance of Duc d'Orleans leader Grace Elliott. So they talk about girls' historians, especially in France, usually from their own allegedly born event from the point of view of a woman's aristocratic alien. Inevitably, a different view emerges - there can be no objective representation. Using a memory device gives the film a rather episodic quality. Personally, I found the most interesting story about the king's death. Permanent royal he is shocked when Duc votes for the king's death (the basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably helpful in monitoring the dialogue between Grace and Duc. He was Louis's cousin and he had chosen the assembly where he immediately changed his name to Philip Equality ). Filming Louis's death is masterfully. Grace and her servant are in Paris, Meudon, looking at the mountain with a telescope. We can't see the execution, we hear only maid comments like Grace. The most dramatic event of the revolution is the screen. Grace cannot be carried to kill his king. He thinks there is an aristocrat. The justification for Louis's death is literally beyond his vision. It's a powerful, sharply intelligent film making. There is an engineering story between the generation of love and Grace, never said and moving vigorously (when Duc seems to be somehow bouncing the fool he sees in him? Not to taste). The madness (just existing to be a suspect) that wipes people down such a time as the revolution is illustrated when Grace's life is turned upside down, her house is being searched every day, but she still instructs her servants to eat her food and cannot afford Dress up! If you have any interest in a subtle, well-spoken movie, making wise use of the new technology to tell an old story, or in the history of Europe, a pivotal moment in what the aristocratic foreign woman, its ultimate evader, says, is worth your time. It is a bit slow in places, but your patience is largely rewarded.
