It was restored from its original Japanese name LAPUTA (being an insulting phrase, something that the director Hayao Miyazaki hadn't forgotten at that time), CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third film of the animator and it is one of his most loved films. Initially, the bank is disappointed with its 1986 press release, which has since been accepted by critics and audiences worldwide. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's "Gulliver Trips", CASTLE IN THE SKY is a steam-point activity that speaks of two young orphans - the young miner Sheu (who carries his neck with magic crystals) to find the long lost island of Laputa, declared a great wealth and gems. They are assisted by a bumbling but sympathetic air spiral band led by the feisty Dola (who first pursues them but turns out to be true allies) and followed by a government led by his overwhelming secretive Muska, who wants Laputa's power in his own interest. <br /> <br /> For anyone looking for an exciting opportunity to spend two hours, this movie is a great choice that includes just the right amount of humor, research, wonders and mystery to keep one interested. Although not as remarkable as some of Miyazaki's later films, the work of art is fantastic and proud to look at imaginative signs and locations, incredibly exciting scenes and breathtaking flight systems that make you unfamiliar. And while the characters that live in this story are less complicated than other works by Miyazaki, everyone has a memorable, loving personality that remains with the viewer long after the end of the movie. In particular, Dola makes an amazing comic by shouting the orders of her twin sons at one point and following the protection of Sheeta. Muska is one of the few Miyazaki creations that has ever come across as an unredeemable villain, but like Dola, he commands every scene where he is with an embarrassing charisma that is so appealing and fun. <br /> <br /> Anime fans have often compared this movie with Gainax's sci-fi adventure series NADIA: YOUR WATER EFFECT. After all, both works share a similar story and character elements ... not to mention that both are created by Miyazaki. If both are different, they are filled. NADIA, although it is mostly charming, has suffered in the midst of a false turn, becoming a capricious nonsense, all of which looked out of the main house, although it had a strong ending. CASTLE IN THE SKY, on the other hand, is consistently entertaining and focused on its two-hour working hours and is better off. Although the epic tone of the film is sometimes broken with some "cup" moments, such as striking between Pazu's superior and one of Dola's sons, it is never so much that it reduces the film. <br /> <br /> About eleven years ago, Disney published an English version of the great names James Van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin and some veteran performances such as Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. It also includes an ambitious reprocessing of Joe Hisaish's excellent musical score for the performance of the Seattle Music Orchestra (the interesting thing is that there is someone behind it as a composer). As long as the purists have called blasphemy for this version of their random extra dialogue and the above-mentioned rescore, Miyazak had no such problems; in fact, he has said he praised reprocessing and praise for good reasons, because the music just overwritten is really a new dub. While there are some instances where filling some critical silent scenes from the original Japanese is a bit jarring (especially a trip through a dragon-infected storm cloud), overall reprocessing is fantastic and in many ways improves the original, especially for scenes like a robot that attacks the fortress and climate change to the end. Here, Hisaishi shows his musical versatility and the gene to match music with visuals. <br /> <br /> As far as appearances dub go, leaders are likely to short run the stick; James Van Der Beek's Pazu sounds much more mature than his character, while Anna Paquini Sheeta speaks of a strange accent that occasionally fluctuates (a problem that actually does for character). This means that both are doing good jobs in general and providing quite credible chemistry. This is lively support, which really makes it so fun, especially Cloris Leachman Dola and Mark Hamilli Muska. Both are completely cast and lurk in every scene they have turned on; like rescore, these two are right for listening to Disney dub. The customization of the script is occasionally confined to the open side - there are quite a few extra lines and / or comments (some of which are invaluable and others are somewhat overestimated), but besides at least one disputed change (the climate of the Sheeta speech, the world cannot live without love ", Unlike the original "You Can't Live With Mother Earth", the general characters, story and spirit remain relatively faithful to the original. All in all, there is little point in comparing the original language of the Disney version; everyone puts his temple on his legendary masterpiece and I like them both. (They are also better than Streamline / JAL more literally, but frighteningly robotic, lifeless, abysmally behaved and poorly written older replicas since the late 1980s; don't believe anyone who says this version is "better" for Disneys - trust me, the opposite is true.) <br /> <br /> In both cases, you can't go wrong with CASTLE IN THE SKY. This is one of Miyazaki's greatest ever and I highly recommend it.
