The second feature film by Hayao Miyazaki and her first film, widely recognized both commercially and critically (although her debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind is considered by many fans to be the best), "Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta" AKA Castle in Heaven "may seem childish and Simplified compared to his latest masterpieces such as "Kiki Delivery Service", "Mononoke Hime" and "Spirited Away", but it was a year earlier in 1986 and it was one of the most modern milestones in the world. was made two years before the revolutionary "Akirat", and although it is not provocative and contradictory as the above masterpiece, all the leading figures are mainly characters of the manga hero / hero / villain type, and the story is quite predictable and obvious (at least in today's standards), Miyazaki designs and animation works there are standards that have never been seen before, although the story and humor are somewhat stupid and outdated at times. m still very fun and very enjoyable - if not as breathtaking as "spiritual". And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the frames and ignore the low budget staining and animation and the identical two-sided face - now Miyazaki continues to its roots and agreed standards for Japanese comics - you see the Miyazaki genius as well as "Breathed Away" and Mononoke. Although "The Castle in Heaven", a sci-fi adventure and very suitable for children, is more classic anime more than anything else he has done, his motives and principles are still important. To say much more, would be the destruction of the film, so I leave. Suffice it to say that I only give him nine stars, because when I gave it to ten, I couldn't go higher for "Breathed Away" and "Princess Mononoke". And that would be a crime. <br /> <br /> As with most anime movies, I recommend watching the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you don't speak Japanese - English overdubs just don't tend to be very good and in this case it's just terrible. Maybe you would like to watch it in English, but just laugh, and cast a letter (the English movie was only recorded after the success of "Spirited Away" as it was for "Every Delivery Service") - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek Yes, Dawson's Dude!) Leading Leads, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker 'Star Wars, if you don't know!) Playing the offender and other roles are played by Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Friar Tuck Kevin Costner's Robin Hood travestyst) and Mandy Patinkin (Hi, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) A good laugh or a couple laughs really. But look at the first Japanese.
