Listening now to the soundtrack, the pictures come back with alertness, which makes my longing for a dry eye very strong (to be written). I've seen it twice so far and I should be ashamed that I only saw it twice *. <br /> <br /> I have seen all Miyazaki & Studio Ghibli movies and they are always something other than masterpieces (except maybe Nausicaa, which was even too early in the non-cut version compared to nec-plus-ultra manga) ). However, their strength sometimes becomes their weakness because they tend to be too naive / positive (Chihiro), or more nuanced, a bit too explicit / moral (Mononoke). At least compared to other Ghibli Master Takahata (Fireflies Tomb / Yesterday / Raccoon Wars). But not this one. <br /> <br /> In Lapua, Miyazaki casts all the brilliant storytelling that the quotes have gathered and perfectly aged, combined with a bit of morality, but well intertwined not only with the full transcendental atmosphere, but also with Totoro's humor and entertainment. Each individual is characterized by their suspicions and fears and their qualities that help them overcome their difficulties. Stimulation is so perfect that I do not know anything except the black hole that would be able to exert such gravitational pull on your whole being. The story is erected with a hint that was hinted, but when a girl falls from the sky, unconscious, floating in the rock, and the main theme starts to get in, you can see the great mystery you discover, but the story then calms down and gradually takes on a number of carefully selected actions and peaceful beauty. Based on scenarios, it brings an unforgettable melancholy, hope, beauty-like climax, after you see the horror of the day, and finally you see the horizon in the clear morning, knowing the journey, looking at the distance, but smiling only with the fact that you can get that glimpse. <br /> <br /> It's like an exploding white light in your skull, when the time when credit starts running, you've kept your eyes dry and numb your mind, you should see a therapist. it remains my undisputed masterpiece. If you take a fraction of a second to understand that it was done in 1986, you can only come to the conclusion that Hayao Miyazaki is a genius like a star that appears only once every 200 years. Of course, it has already been proposed, but it's my only film that can illustrate this simple fact. If you forget it during your life, you will die for a big gap - what would be a bad thing because the coffin costs the same.
