It is always difficult to put a seal on any film "best", whether it is all the time, a genre, or what you have, but I believe it can be argued that Laputa is actually the biggest animation ever made. In my opinion, Hayao Miyazaki, the masterpiece of the most talented animated directors in Japan, is the best way to make her strengths such as director, storyteller and designer, as well as all her favorite themes. The version I look at is an American dub 2003 (I know a holy scripture, which means that it is not a native language to watch it); there is at least one other English language, I have it in VHS (I have no idea what source), and this version is one of the best films I've ever encountered. But I thought it was better to focus on what version people actually find. <br /> <br /> Laputa speaks of a boy named Pazu (James Van Der Beek), who grows in a mining town when a young girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) falls directly in the sky one day. He seems to be struck by the embarrassing government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magical crystal that hangs around his neck. In order to liven things up, crystals also have a maliciously funny pirate gang headed by an aging but still fabulous Dola (Cloris Leachman). The plot revolves around the ability of crystals to expose the nailed flying city of Laputa, a potential treasure of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure. All this is very much in line with fairy tales, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far to take the story, and the plot is hidden in "gosh-wow" moments and threaded with its usual morals and warnings about abuse of the power of nature <br /> <br /> Twenty years later it was still revolutionary. There are many, but impossible, of all the flying machines, but so carefully designed that you will immediately receive them without flashing. The world is somewhere in the early twentieth century, with telegraphs and old cars with their amazing impossible flying machines. But it is the city itself, which is perfect fulfillment; Laputa is both the Garden of Eden and the Fire of Heaven, and in contrast, its appeal, power and danger. <br /> <br /> Laputa is blessed with thoughtful design and beautifully rendered film. with excellent cinematography. Laputa displays extensive that most movies ?? even with CGI magic? can only dream. Although we see only a small part of this world, its simple elegance goes beyond the boundaries of the frame and we have no trouble believing it. The film also has one of my favorite, if not the most exciting, sequences of action: the guard robot, which fell on Earth, has been accidentally reactivated and destroys the fortress that it holds while trying to protect Sheeta (who was the one who raised it). At the same time, Pazu and the pirates are firing their small flying machines to literally grab the jaws of destruction. From the terrible point of the robot that burns the countryside for a relaxing last second, the whole sequence is a masterpiece of timing and camera angles, and knowing exactly how far into the audience. <br /> <br /> It helps this Laputal to have an amazing score. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the wonderful beauty of this world, the fatty innocence, the fascinating action, and the creepy world of the creepy robotic defenders. Although he recorded it for this DVD edition (which IMO is not better than his original score), adding pieces here and there, the score is perfectly suited to the visual, the rare audio-visual relationship. <br /> <br /> It's not bad. I am very interested in older English, and it just explains things at times, but I was almost shocked when these voices matched them (and those who were pretty good in Japan). Especially Dola is hard to get, but Leachman is on the spot like a fiery old pirate woman (her sons are not as good as the original). Paquin does a good job like Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, although I knew it was his early, is more than talented enough to make Muskat (I liked another English dub of Muska but Hamill good). A large part of the film stays on Pazu's shoulders and Van Der Beek is wonderful. Listening to him made me think that this team should have access to another English language because VDB works well with the original Pazu. Although again looking at dub-d, otaku is the basis for excluding loyalty, as much as I love this movie, I don't think you sacrifice much simply by looking at this particular Anglicized version. John Lassiter Pixarist introduces it and my suspicion is that he, like many others, just loves this movie so much that they tried to ensure their quality very well. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki has been successful in America over the past few years with an enthusiastic stranger and Mononoke (one of his few films I wasn't interested in), but for me, Laputa is still his crowning achievement. Anyone who knows his later work will surely enjoy it sooner and again, this film is at the top of his form that hits every cylinder. I'd pay big money to see it on the big screen; although this is unlikely to happen, it is good to know that at least this classic has survived on DVD.
