By now, you have probably heard a bit about the new Disney dub of Miyazaki's classic film "The Shovel of Heaven". At the end of 1998, Disney published a video "Kiki Delivery Service", which included a preview of Laputa dub, saying it was "1999". This is obviously the end of last year, but the copy is finally finished. And this is not "Foliage: the sky in the castle", just a "cloud in the sky" because the leafless is not a nice Spanish word (although they use the word "Laputa" many times). You've probably heard that world famous composer Joe Hisaishi, who originally threw the film, went back to new music to revive the great music. Laputa came out before my neighbor Totoro and after Nausica in the wind valley, which started Studio Ghibli and its long hit. And I think it's one of Miyazaki's best films with a powerful lesson with its two and four-minute pearls. Laputa: A fortress in heaven is a film of all ages and I invite everyone to watch it. <br /> <br /> For those who don't know the Sky story of the castle, it begins at the very beginning and won't stop in the next two hours. Story-telling is so flawless and masterfully designed, you see the real vision of Miyazaki. And believe me, it's one fantastic. The film begins with Sheeta, a girl with a loving past, held by the government in captive airships. Sheeta keeps Laputa, the castle of heaven and the long lost civilization. The key to the foliage is the sacred pendant that he has tried by many, namely the government, the army and the air pirates group, the gang of Dola (who later became friends with Sheeta and Pazu). Soon the pirates will attack the ship and it will flee during the raid. He falls a few thousand feet, but the fall is soft and thanks to his pendant. When he floats out of the sky, he sees a cowboy, Pazu, who sees Sheeta and tries to catch him. Two of them become fast friends, but thanks to their pendant, these two great excitements are catching up because Dola's gang and government are trying to defeat Sheeta. One sequence of activities after another, we learn all the motives and identities of a character by building an emotional and action-packed climax, which is certainly all fantastic animation and great dialogue. Plus a somewhat misty surprise. I think this movie is just remarkable and lasts two hours and four minutes of running time. The story is wonderful when we write Hayao Miyazaki's animation with no limits. Setting up a movie is a combination of many time periods. It seems to be happening in the late 1800s, but it is an alternative universe with advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is a surprisingly funny film. The movie has tons of fun moments that are almost equal to the drama and action of the film. I think the most fun part is the fight where the Pazu boss is facing pirates and soon after breaking the rebellion. It's funny because we see that men compare their strength and the music fits perfectly with it. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about how prices are duplicating. A great number of great performances to bring these characters to life. Teenage rumor James Van Der Beek plays Hero Pazu, who has a much more mature voice in the Japanese version, where the original sounded more childish. In both cases, I think his voice fits well with Pazu. "Piano" young Oscar winner Anna Paquin plays Sheeta. It is also a great show, but the voice is a bit uneven, it doesn't get one accent. Sometimes it sounds like an American cake, but at other times it sounds like someone from New Zealand. At the same time, I had the most pleasure with Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dolat. Not only is it a great performance, but the voice and emotion it gives to its character really brings it to life. If there was ever a lively action on the Laputa film (G forbid), he would be the one who plays him, you can imagine his role (well, somewhat). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska, and that's another Hamill performance. You may be familiar with Hamill with a long voice after he made the original Star Wars movie, but he makes Muska full of evil. His voice sounds like his usual voice and joker mix he played for many animated Batman series episodes. Rounding the story is the voice player Jim Cummings, who is doing excellent and general work, Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin Dola as gang members. <br /> <br /> Now let me tell you what really makes this special, Joe Hisaishi's newly organized music! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi's music and all Miyazaki's films are very memorable. Each of his scores has his own personality that is perfect for a particular film. Now, these new arrangements are more "American-like", which I think was the purpose of the new recordings. Don't worry that the Japanese version of the classic stories is still in great shape. For me, this score is like the Hollywood band. It has more power, more emphasis, it is clearer and deeper. The film's prologue, in the first few seconds when we are introduced to airships, has some new music (I'm not sure, but I believe when we first saw ships where there was no music at all). But most music has new backgrounds and background music. Things seem very enhanced. In a powerful scene, music is stronger than in the original versions. In a peaceful scene, it's more peaceful. In general, I think many of you are happy with the new order and the mix, I myself did and personally think it helps to improve the film. I prefer a new score in the old one, and I hope Disney will release or license music rights to a fully blown soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another plus side of the dubile is that the story remains loyal and many original Japanese lines are intact. I am sure that a couple of lines have changed and that is the same, the lines have changed. But most are close or exactly the original lines, and Miyazaki has written. I was afraid that some excellent lines would be polished, but they were healthy there. Also, some new lines have been added to help. But I'm not sure if it would be considered good or bad, Disney DOES NOT DISCONTINUE the ending song, it was in Japanese. I was tempted when they made completely new songs for Kiki dub, but with this version it is the original song ... in Japanese. So I think it's good that it's still original, but bad, because most people who see this dub speak English. character lips. Of course, any dub is not perfect, but I think that for Kiki and Mononoke, copying the right lines was much better (and Disney had a little more time ...). Sometimes it is perfect, some of the time it doesn't, and in rare cases someone says something and lips don't move at all (there's a scene where Sheeta laughs and the mouth can't. Move one bit). <br /> <br /> As for the film's own stuff, these are my thoughts. I thought Laputa's most amazing part was animation. From opening to end, animation is so lush and detailed that you just have to wait. You see the true nature of each character, the true detail of their faces with extreme close-ups and action. You have to give a ton of credits to the efforts of these animators on this movie. Everything is so well done and beautifully hand-drawn, it's like a moving work of art. And I think it was done in the mid-1980s. Animation is completely different from Disney, Ghibl has a special flare that is very different but very good. And after all these years, colors are as viable as ever. Laputa also has many operating sequences, lots of racing competitions and some on the ground. These sequences are so well made and intriguing, it's scary that they are comparable to a big budget movie. And the finals are just something others see. The sound effects are clean and classic and are suitable for explosions, firearms and everything else. And like all Miyazaki films, everyone is focusing on another topic (i. Kiki: Trust). It has a great lesson of greed and power. People do not understand how greed can take you over and how too much power is not good. People are under power and are greedy, and the main wool, Muska, shows it so much. <br /> <br /> All in all, Laputa: the castle sky was a great movie that started and now healed. I'm glad that now more mainstream viewers have the opportunity to see this classic animated film in all its glory. With a great voice overwhelmingly putting Joe Hisaishi's great musical score on the film, Disney has done a good job on this dub and is quite worth it. Although I think that Kiki and Princess Mononoke's Disney dubbing were better suited to the mouth, Castle In The Sky is still a great dub and it's worth a long delay, because now you can enjoy a fantastic movie.
