Regardless of what personal opinion might be the grotesque but beautiful pearl of "La bête" of the 1973 Walterian Borowczyk, it must be admitted that this strange pearl is a completely unique film experience. The Borowczyk erotic fairy tale has been banned in many countries for a long time and it is quite clear why this controversial pearl sacrificed for amazing film sensors. "La bête" is an exciting blend of intense and beautiful fairy-tale atmosphere, quite explicit eroticism and a real strange refusal to compromise. The fact that the beast's nature is one of the central themes of the film certainly did not help it with the censors, but it made it very controversial and thus known to a wider audience. Pierre de l 'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), leader of the French aristocratic family, has organized his somewhat demented son, Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti), to marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), a young and beautiful British family. daughter. Because of the old curse, Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) is strictly against the wedding. When Lucy and her mother arrive in French heritage, Lucy immediately enchants the portrait of an 18th century ancestor Romilda (Sirpa Lane) and an old book that depicts strange drawings. The story will soon fall into a strange dream of sexual fever ... By giving too much, I can say that fans of extraordinary cinema should not lose sight of this movie. Like the odd one, "La bête" is undoubtedly also a stylishly beautiful style, settings and cinematography. The fever-dream atmosphere is inside and outside the dream sequences. The forest property and the wonderful family house are great places, and the beautiful score and incredible cinematography create this grotesque story into the prevailing atmosphere. Very explicit sexuality ranges from erotic (elegant female nudity, poor actors) to severely demented and even somewhat disgusting (close relationships during equine intercourse, ...); in both cases it is unlikely to be forgotten. The whole "La bête" cast is awesome and all involved provide great performances in eccentric characters (some of them are seriously demented). The film has an extraordinarily beautiful casting, be it the leading Lisbeth Hummel, Finnish actor Sirpa Lane (who died in 1999 against AIDS), as a descendant of dreams or a relatively unknown but particularly delightful actor Pascale Rivault, who plays an aristocratic daughter who will ever have the opportunity to have sex in a black servant cabinet. <br /> <br /> I have not deliberately provided a full description of the most important parts of a plot because they just have to be seen to believe. Some scenes are one of the most bizarre caught movies, scenarios with a beast that is definitely among them. Definitely not everyone's cup of tea, but highly recommended for fans of controversial and unusual cinema. A real cult seed!
