Polish filmmaker Walerian Borowczyk La Bête (French, 1975, aka Beast) is one of the most controversial and bold films ever made and very good. This film talks about everything that is generally hidden and forbidden from our nature and sexual nature, especially its symbolism and silence. Images can be wild, perverted, "sick" or exciting, but everything is related to the latter. Gender, desire, and death are very strong and primary things and dominate the entire muscle that has the human soul. They are so interested (and because of their nature) that they are being bullied, they are considered scary, unacceptable and too wild to be true. <br /> <br /> An experienced young woman will travel with her mother to the French countryside to meet her soon-to-be-married husband with whom she has some kind of letter. Everything is very exciting and each other's parents and relatives are eager to see new people coming to their families. The innocence of the young bride shines through and nobody knows what can happen and wake up to the walls of the great and beautiful French mansion, to all humans and animals, and the mysterious "la bête" that turns out to be something that characters and most of the film's viewers would never have anticipated imagine they were real and (in front of them). <br /> <br /> The film is the same as the Canadian David Cronenberg's debut feature Shivers (1975), which takes place inside a large luxury building where destructive and gory parasites spread from person to person through sexual contact and make people entertain and instinct in acting sensually and violently. People have instincts that can and are stronger than their will, and therefore these instincts can be as dangerous and powerful as the instincts of another animal, the beast, be it with blood lust, vengeance or sex and carnal joy. People are only animals that have the intelligence and the means to transmit it, but since we are also animals, intelligence is not always used too much, as can be seen anywhere around us. The film opens up a great and very shocking attitude to most hypocritical attitudes, showing the rage of a man's fear when he waits for the mare to enter and continues to compete, but the rage and visible lust we see in his eyes and violent movements are the basic elements of its beginning and why it exists, not close-ups of organs, which would be so easy to claim. A horse is a beast who fights unbearably in heat, heat that is much stronger than his will, as he no longer has any control at this point. The power of the plant makes the beast a beast. <br /> <br /> After a memorable start, cartoon characters are introduced and the film has fantastically all the age groups of the little innocent children waiting to grow and develop for their prosperity, adults and parents, all of whom represent their lives, creating a human face on the screen . The film may not have more signs in this way, because all the essentials already exist and represent the whole competition, including the inhabitants of urban and rural areas and both sexes. The manor makes the winner's sexual awakening for girls when he saw the horses hook and act as he probably never thought. For the first time, he sees something unique and something that is very lively for him and his body, feeling like getting water when you are very thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film because she is not aware of this with her mother and camera and with the letter-boyfriend, although things have been waiting for a moment. Meat wants meat and it is human, but still these things are not so easily accepted everywhere and such films try to ban it for decades? Man's stupidity and unwillingness to interpret images must not be an argument that the film is forbidden or otherwise violated. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the movie are also as important as the beginning and again show how powerful the cinema is without unnecessary words and not to mention. As the girl and the audience understand what her body is going to feel and wants, she will begin to dream of a mysterious beast who is someone other than a dressed form, living in the woods without other people / wildlife. The sequence of dreams is what causes and causes most of the contradiction to the general straight and honest attitude of the film, and the pictures are as easy to understand as "perverted" and "pornographic" without having the courage to go deeper. character reactions and thoughts we see. The images are exciting in their dream, and finally the dream (more) within the character of the person, and Borowczyk forces us to admit it with pictures that are so close to the "normal" sexual act between a man and a woman, a beautiful thing and an expression of love, another human need. Numerous and cleverly black humorous loves that make housing between a young mother and a black servant are broken several times when someone screams for a servant and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two young people in co-operative bodies, at least interrupted, will not change it is more pleasing. Borowczyk has managed to paint his pictures so beautiful and "sensitive" that his message is almost impossible to misunderstand, but nothing seems impossible to our culture and thoughts that criticize art. She will only use the dialogue if it is necessary, otherwise the pictures will work and make the film powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is there too, because meat dies sooner or later, after years of life and instincts, it dies. The end is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence could have been just as powerful without a dramatic and "revealing" ending. Another blackish humorous element comes when we see the shocked women of the city running from where they saw a little more than they were looking for! They visited the flesh, the mansion of us and the truth about them. The film reminds me of the story of the French writer Georges Bataille, which has the same themes of eroticism, death, and how they both are always related to the nature of our flesh. The book is well written and fantastic as well as this film, and of course both are accused of their "too explicit" content and other equally remarkable low commentary. <br /> <br /> The Borowczyk film is also very beautiful visually. raw honesty and nature and the forest have rarely seen as bright and bright as they do. The sun shines through the trees and wherever people live, and its beauty is always there, but it is also ugly from the world's inhabitants. All innocent white sheep have a selfish, evil and terrible beast in our world, so it seems that the intelligence given to us will never transcend the power of our bad instincts and the other half of the sheep that is in every human soul. . This is how much the passive and not the active can be kept to the blind. Fulfilling some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and with the intelligence and vision of which instincts are good and bad, they can be met without exploitation, violence and a deadly and destructive circle created by it. Man is no more than an animal with intelligence, intelligence that is so easy to forget and eat in the background with things that feel better and more satisfactorily at every moment. Borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, an unforgettable and wisely part of a magical cinema that has an eternal theme, and an example of how much can be achieved, expressed and given by a filmmaker who is only human.
