OK ... it's weird .... Frankly, I can't tell you all the BEAST internal features, cuz I started to lose interest if nothing happened in the first 45 or more minutes - just wait, it will definitely "pick up". .. <br /> <br /> The plot includes something from a forest monster that some French aristocratic chicks turn back to the day. Ultimately, you see a "COUNTRY" that looks like a boy dressed in a giant rat-bear costume with a horse cock attached. The scene takes place with an aristocratic woman running around the forest and looking for a lost sheep. Sheep die and the woman is afraid. BEAST opens, rape the chick and shoot 400 gallons. Finally, the chick begins to enjoy the "attention" of the beast, which brings some pretty new simulated sex scenes, including a nervously erotic foot masturbation scene, where the woman pulls the beast with her legs, while the monster loads enormous loads everywhere (yes, I have a twisted legfetish - so dig me ....) ... The whole movie is talked about in setbacks and long-term dialogue scenes that tend to be a little annoying. This shocking but predictable ending ends with this extremely strange film ... <br /> <br /> BEAST is a movie that I find difficult to judge. Cinematic art itself is quite eye-catching and kits, costumes and places have been developed. The plot is a little tricky and it seems to take it terribly seriously, which comes to such an unintentionally fun movie about the rat's bear's boneless chick. A good bit of tits, ass and hairy French shrubs from the 70s, which help to make the film's first-to-life replacement offset. I must honestly say that if it wasn't for BEAST's graphical scenes that tend to have a girl who wants all over, this movie would have been a real drill - that's when you don't like boring dialogue and some graphic horse sex (the start is very good) a close and personal scene of biting two horses, including a pulsating and dirty covered female horse vagina ... YUM !!!). But BEAST sex sex is so strange and such a refreshing change from the rest of the movie that I have to say that these scenes alone make up what would otherwise have been a true snoozer. I have to recommend it to anyone who thinks they have all seen - BEAST rape is really out there and something to be witnessed. Also recommended for fans of 70s / 80s sleaze movies - it's quite high with them. You should look for lovers of the sick rat-bear beast (like me) ... 8/10
