If I like your movies to be unique and unlike most other movies, I suggest you fully control the beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic, fantasy fairy tale that focuses on the mythological "beast" that proclaims the roots of French mansion and lust for women. The film is very brave with this material and it is something it provides. The theme of love is a taboo and for good reason I could add; but the movie transmits it; directly and to the point. Like other films that deal with a taboo subject in their midst, Beast could have been around it and made us use our imagination to fill the gaps, but Borowczyk didn't do it, and he is brave in this regard, especially if making such a film leaves him open to any criticism , but the fact that he moved on with it means to my big thumb. <br /> <br /> The film starts with a sequence that looks like a female randy horse. This opener puts an exclamation mark on the film and in some way prepares the audience for the incredible, erotic power they see. Scenes that see a beast companion with a woman are free and shocking and forced to offend many people (so the reason she was banned for over 20 years), but these scenes are not just an excuse for Borowczyk to shock the viewer; this film has a decisive point. As stated during the movie; the only difference between man and beast is intelligence. Both man and forest have instincts, only a man knows how to manage them. Beast examines this difference between man and beast through sexuality; The sequence of fantasy in which the beast appears seems to be the control of a person's desire, and only when the central female figure gets under control that she sees the beast. The film has strong themes of the obsolete story of "beauty and the beast" that has been beaten with it, and in general it is shockingly ill, but not moral. <br /> <br /> Many of the critically acclaimed scenes around the film's shocking genres are boring, but these scenes are important for the story of the movie. Without these scenes, we wouldn't know the signs and story of the beast, and most importantly; The story of "beauty and the beast" cannot handle this terrible conclusion to the public and is one of the main elements of the film; it would be a real shame. In addition, Borowczyk keeps his audience entertained through these scenes, not with a hit, but no dialogue and family upper class personality with beautiful mansion squares are observed and therefore the events of this and the film would not exist later. <br /> <br /> Generally, the beast is a shocking film. This is a depiction of a taboo subject and a shocking way of not showing this movie. However, when you get over the movie from shock and embrace the beast; What awaits is a skilful and beautiful work of art that should not be left to anyone who is ready to give this film a chance.
