Most people, when they think of expressionist cinema, watch the silent and early-sounding b & w German films - films that emphasized incline, extreme contrasts of light and dark, exaggerated performance, and the occasional use of surrealism to dream into the atmosphere to deviate from conventional, naturalistic cinema representations . If we are willing to agree that the Germans were not the only filmmakers to create an expressive cinema (and that these characteristics are not prerequisites for an expressionist film), I would say that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is an example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> Like Dreams, DKD is a bit of a miserable movie that is unrealistic. But DKD, unlike dreams, is a great movie and probably my favorite Kurosawa picture. Why? For the most part, I think it's colors. I think it was Kurosawa's first color film and the man saturates the film with the living basic colors, creating a totally unrealistic contemporary Japanese. We are accustomed to neon lights and shiny Tokyo skyscrapers; we are not used to a city that seems to be painted with crayons. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, a special movie because many of his characters live in spam that seems to be alive in the alternative universe. This is, I think, a point - these are the outsiders of Tokyo, the people who were left behind after World War II in the next big steps. The film also represents one of Kurosawa's most cordial films; here is a real sentiment and a true sin (for example, when the boy's father describes his home of dreams). It's an amazingly moving movie, better known for stunning, John Ford's similar chicken and samurai. Everyone should have felt that Kurosawa had a touch and a mindset on this film because Ikiru sees the emotional resonance of this film in many ways. I also argue that this is Kurosawa's greatest achievement. His samurai films, although capable of images, are pale with Kobayashi's works (Hara's is the largest and most intelligent samurai film dedicated to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all good films, but they are just good (and frankly I think this word is too generous for the hidden fortress and Kagemusha). DKD is a great movie like Ikiru. They are crown jewels that show that Akira was not a one-time samurai pony. They reveal the mastery of their art and cinema.
