When there was something wrong with Akira Kurosawa in making Dodes'ka-den, she was engaged in a partnership with "four knights" (the other three were Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a big partner strike to strike their partnership, and instead Kurosawa, though the group's headache, made an abstract humanistic film, whose characters lived on a disappointed slum with many of his characters faced with dark tragedies. If he had done it more independently or went to another studio who knows it, but because of some other financial and creative trouble in 1971, he was suicidal. day when artist Kurosawa did not stop giving her notorious drama: the strengths of the human spirit before contradictions. The fact that its background is somewhat unusual than most should not be ignored, but it is not at all Kurosawa's fault. <br /> <br /> Dodes'ka-den's material absorbs, but not the way it usually finds it from the director and mostly because it is driven by a plot instead of a character. Things happen to these people and Kurosawa's challenge is to unite them into a single whole. The character that begins in the picture is strange (although luckily there is not much room for him to grow up), Rokkuchan, a brain-damaged man-child who goes all day, makes the train sounds (so-called click-to-click) title, but sometimes stops his mother for prayer. But then we branch out: there is a father and a son, the last one who eats food and restaurants, and a former who continues to have specific descriptions of his dream house; an older man sees him dead, and we learn later that he has lost much more than he says to most people, including a woman who has a past with him; a shy, silent woman who works in slavery against her adoptive (or uncle, I'm not sure) who rapes her; and a buggy man in a suit with a constant face cross and a big middle spouse - for those who are social. <br /> <br /> There are also a few characters among these characters, like two drunks holding each night like a watch mechanism, placing great demands on their spouses, sometimes exchanging them (involuntarily)! And a bicycle is a kind seller who has a cute but strange relationship with a shy silent woman. And, of course, there is a group of rumors who squat around the watering hole in the middle of the bitch, who has nothing too nice to say about someone unless it is erotic men. The first thing to note is how Kurosawa sets the picture; it is a bit post-apocalyptic, looking at no specific time or place (that is, until we see a few shots of modern cars and streets). It is a marginalized society, but the troubles of these people are tragically deconstructed through dramatic force. Like Bergman, Kurosawa has broken people's broken emotions, especially in a single scene, when a deadly-looking man with hollow, sad eyes sits quietly with a cloth when a woman goes with it. <br /> <Br /> Sometimes these people have a charm and even some laugh. I even rejoiced, even ironically, for Rokkuchan's small moments (specifically Kurosawa's focal point as a painter) or the uncomfortable resins with a face-tipped man. But while Kurosawa gives her actors room for improvisation, her camera movements still remain as they have always been patient, but deterrent, with broad compositions and claustrophobic shots, scenic visions, and sometimes with smart drama styling. . Between them sometimes odd and touching stories, some of them (i.e., father and son car) especially sad, Kurosawa come to your movie and shapes the color scheme of your first first Eastmancolor as it is one of his paintings. This place is not necessarily "lighter", lush, sprawling, stitch over time, but always under control. it is like being abstract in a full-time scene, where things look alive, but are much darker. It is a brilliant, complicated double-edged sword that allows for such heavy drama using dreamy intonations. <br /> <br /> Lovely movie result Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Rani) and some great performances from actors and some indelible scenes in a fantastic career, Dodes'ka-den is a small director in itself, but still almost perfect in his own terms, as with many Kurosawa dramas such as Ikiru, the Red Beard keeps the hard truths in the human situation without excessive sentimentality.
