Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon made two films in two years. One is considered to be one of the great romantic films of all time and the film that made Olivier a great filmmaker (and gave Oberon his best result): SOUTHERN PEOPLE. The second is the film made in England a year earlier. LADY DIVORCE X is a romantic comedy (because the South Pomeranian is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, who is a dynamic barrister but is also completely insecure. One night he checks the hotel directly in front of the crowd. This is a very foggy evening (the type of pea soups known to London until the infamous "killer" mist in the 1950s), and the crowd (who was at the hotel party) needs beds. Management is trying to let Logan sleep on one couch and in the bedside bed in one or two public women, but he refuses. But he didn't think Merle Oberon is Leslie Steele. Granddaughter of a high court judge, she succeeds in accessing and manipulating Logan's rooms so that she not only agrees that she is sleeping there, but assigns her bed (she goes to the couch - a lot of discomfort). <br /> <br The next day, they share breakfast, and in small places it is obvious that, despite his lack of confidence in women, Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But he refuses to tell him his name. She has decided to learn more about her and her attitude towards women is frustrating. Meanwhile, as a potential customer, Logan turns to a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere). The sea suspects the affairs of his wife, Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes). In fact, he says that Logan had his Ladyship with his lover in a hotel where Logan knew he was foggy. Logan (of course) jumps to the conclusion that Lady Mere was her mysterious roommate that night. I'm not going to go to the plot anymore, except by saying that Leslie finally understands what's wrong with Logan and decides to use it to teach her a story about women. <br /> <br /> The script is familiar with the Wodehouse novel, but it is smaller. However, Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (like Oberon's grandfather) are excellent. This shows what good casting can do with even the smallest materials. Look at some of the less important scenes to see what I mean: Selden's first scene, complaining about her weak coffee to her butcher who speaks to her correctly (they have been accustomed to each other for years). Or Olivier, who is a young secretary to his office, two minutes earlier at the office of two Lady Meres (there were, but Oberon and Barnes left together), and comes to think that the poor secretary is easy. Or a waiter in a hotel who does not understand why the tenant of Olivier's space has constantly changed from man to man. As I said, this is a delightful comedy, but it is very charming.
