Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three Nine). Made in 1979. Director Rintaro. Based on original work by Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> The little I learn about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, it was published in the 1970s as a popular manga and created by Leiji Matsumoto. The GE999 is placed in the same Star Wars-type space as Matsumoto's second famous space space manga: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact, the space pirate Harlock and other characters of this manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) are present in GE999. GE999 was a successful manga and was soon followed by a popular anime series with over 100 episodes. A year later, this anime movie was not a sequel to the series, but a summary of the main points of the story in a two-hour movie. <br /> <br /> The story is set for an unidentified Star Wars-type future where traveling to different planets has become possible. Future people can have mechanical bodies where they can live for hundreds of years, maybe even forever. The character Tetsurô Hoshino is a young boy who knows how cruel Count Mecha, whose whole body is made of mechanical parts, kills Tetsur's mother. Tetsurô swears revenge and is convinced that he can only achieve it with a mechanical body. To do this, he must travel to a distant planet with the Galaxy Express 999 spacecraft. Since Tetsurô comes from poverty, he has no money to get a more expensive ticket. With a coincidence, she meets a beautiful young woman with Maetel, who resembles her dead mother. In Maetel, Tetsurôle offers a ticket, provided he is with him. And so does the trip start early ?? <br /> <br /> For the first time in October, I saw this movie about six months later and again yesterday. I feel I have to first talk about what most disturbed me in this film: it seems very hurry. What are you waiting for in a 2-hour movie that is trying to tell you the main points of the long series of over 100 episodes? In any case, the situations change fast and Tetsurô meets the story with other important characters, mainly because of the pure chance. I feel the makers should have left something out or added 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, there is no claim that GE999 has served as an anime classic. A very loyal animation of Matsumoto's manga style is detailed and beautiful. Even after almost 30 years of release, animation has not become "outdated", but many later anime movies are shameful. It is pleasant to listen to music through the film even if it is somewhat "old" (it was the 70s) today. I have not heard English in this movie, so I can only comment on the Japanese sound that is good. Voice actors give life to their characters, most memorable are Masako Nozawa (mostly known as Goku's voice through the Dragon Ball saga) as exciting and young Tetsurô and Masako Ikeda as the calm and mysterious Maetel. Supporting characters do not leave a shadow, but they also have a life that is most memorable than Claire. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable for those who are looking for entertainment for a few hours, as well as for those who are looking for deeper messages. GE999 is a fun adventure movie, but it can also be seen as a Tetsurô journey from boyhood to manhood. The whole movie is talked about from his point of view, so we are forced to feel what he knows. I think many people may associate with Tetsurô because, despite the elements of fantasy, he is very realistic: young, hot, uncomfortable and naive. We follow him when he starts seeing the differences between people and machines and concluding whether he wants a mechanical body or not. On the other hand, Maetel remains a mystery in the film, and even eventually, when it reveals who and what it really is, it does not match. The mael can be seen as a dreaming young man who is always close but simply inaccessible. <br /> <br /> This is a strange but beautiful relationship between Tetsurô and Maethel, who is still talking and waking up and fascinated for decades. People have argued if their relationship is between two friends, mother and son or two potential lovers (which raises a lot of criticism because Maetel's age is unknown and Tetsurô has not even reached its puberty). Without any deep sound, I think the best term for describing them is "soul mates". There is no doubt that the two will know each other's commitment, care and love, but it goes beyond friendship, family and lovers. I think if their relationship is filled in some of these categories, it would take something from the movie and the characters. The end scene, even if you already know what is happening, is still very touching and memorable. as an anime classic film, such as Katsuhiro Otomo AKIRA (1988) and Mamoru Oshii GHOST IN THE SHELL (1995). The film is directed by Rintaro, who previously had experience with Leiji Matsumoto's works, as he had worked in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later, Rinatro headed for a wonderful look at METROPOLIS (2001), which also doubts the difference between people and machines. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that every anime fan should see at least once.
