I ran over it several years ago when I was surfing the channel on Sunday afternoon. Although it was obviously a TV film of the 70's cheese, the direction and score was well enough to catch my attention, and indeed I was hooked and had to review it. Recently, I got the chance to buy a foreign DVD for this movie (oops, didn't notice that the domestic one had finally come out a few months earlier), and I was very pleased to see it again (and as a whole) <br /> <br /> Ma does not fully understand this phenomenon, but in the 1970s it seems that they have a really scary film. In the decades preceding the decades of the 70s, some beautiful films and much of our lasting horror icons were brought, but are they really intimidating? No, not very. Similarly, over the years since the 1970s, which are more horrible, exciting, much better product values ​​and sophisticated special effects, the most amazing movies are more fun, funny, have effective jumping moments and some very creative gore uses. , but again ... they're not really scary! There is something about the atmosphere of the 70's fiction films. Granular film quality. Slightly dark scenes with some high-tech lighting. "Dreamland's Edge" silenced the quality of the dialogue and the strange and firm EQ score. Strange discomfort and ugliness go through everything. Everything that works to undermine the films of the 1970s, in the event of horror, works for its own benefit. <br /> <br /> Specifically, in this movie, there are quiet, intense shots of real dogs who looked down at people, quite nervous. So much more effective than if they had gone a clearer way, how the dog is anxious, slave and openly hostile ("Cujo"?). Filmmakers wisely keep that dog appearing in a supernatural form. The consequences, which are more complex than today's standards, literally gave me the chills. The strange, vague definition, "I'm not really sure what I'm looking at", looks intuitively like more than a real supernatural vision, rather than a hyper-realistic crystal-clear optical printer / digital component for past-day horror movies. Although the human characters of this film are not as dissatisfied as their gender or the world in which they live, all the actors do a decent job. Pairing a veil and a sister with "Witch Mountain" movies, like yes, brother and sister, is quite exciting a little stunt, but they do well. Yvette Mimieuxil can always be fun if it is remarkable. Richard Crenna earns more and more empathy from the audience than film progresses. His self-expression as to whether his family's alienation is indeed due to a supernatural plot or whether he has just succumbed to paranoid schizophrenia is pretty well handled, although his idea that routine physical can explain what he has experienced is absurd <br /> <br /> The end of the "End-of-question-character" movie is one of the only ones I saw that don't feel like a cheap trick, and actually made me think about the choices that these characters follow, and what they're likely to do and how they know it. <br /> <br /> The detectors of this movie may say it's just the glowing retina shots of a long car, but hey, you could say the same about "Blade Runner." :-)
