This movie is a spicy little cinematic from Sam Fuller, giving Richard Widmark the chance to show some of his best, most nervous action with Skip McCoy, a small-time asset that stumbles upon a military secret by picking a beautiful Candy (Jean Peters) pocket on a crowded bus. It turns out that Candy made her (ex?) Boy who works for "commies" in favor. <br /> <br /> Superficially, here's the mystery of Candy's motifs and Skip leaves much of her movie's motifs? In fact, it seems that he initially assumes he is a "candy" that goes so far as to pour a brutal gesture on his face. But the real question is ?? What's going on with Skip? What are her motives and why does Candy like her so much? Why do we (audience) want him so much? Basically, what the filmmakers have done here creates the character of Widmark and the very "man fatale" in the performance. Just as the male audience tends to think through the length of the movie, such as "The Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key" with the main characters, whether a female character is trustworthy or just a beautiful face, filmmakers here have created a similar weakness for female viewers. Widmark is beautiful and is her adorable attitude charming? but for the first two times we meet our leading lady, she kidnaps her and hits her face. Finally the question ??? would have jumped so low to sell his country to the bush (his comments to the police, like "I shout in me?", make us suspect he would be) or would he just be his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter) for revenge for murder? I'm not sure if the film will give us the final answer. <br /> <br /> Does Thelma Ritter's character work deserve special attention? he has created a truly indelible mark. Fuller is not afraid to give him much "business"? in the form of physical objects that it uses for the public to make its own world, especially the links it uses. An additional example of Fuller's "business" would be a scene with Victor Perry (an actor I saw elsewhere less used) using chopsticks to scare Candy. one of the cinema's most revealing prizes for thieves. Indeed, Skip has the same kind of casual relationship with the police, except for the notable exception of Captain Tiger (Murvyn Vye), who has been intimidated by him. I loved the scene where he called police officers by name, and offered them a beer when they came up to his chariot. These are the details that make this movie real? Whether it is actually "realistic" or whether it is important, there are completely different questions. <br /> <br /> I said I would say that this is an important criminal film with the best and most durable attributes of "movie noir" in making a film at school. Predicted plot is compensated by a number of colorful signs (evenly executed), cheap sets are hidden at uneven pace of the film, and the final product seems much more important than likely. This is the best movie I've seen so far by Sam Fuller and what makes me better see why he's the head of the game? here he did some things I think he tried, but in the end he couldn't do it in other movies like "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor" as far as it is very empathic and stylish. This is one of my favorite shows from Widmark I've seen so far? Widmark was a talent that I was tempted to say (based on some of the extraordinary films he had seen) was comparable to that of Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although he allegedly didn't make so many classic films.
