'Shock Corridor (1963)' was my first film about Samuel Fuller and I had an impressive mix of B-film and high-budget aesthetics, even if that story was pure. "Pickup on South Street (1953)" appeared ten years earlier in Fuller's quarry, apparently produced from a large budget in the big-name studio Twentieth Century-Fox. Nevertheless, the visuals are still remarkable in that there is a somewhat raw, naturalistic element for photography, unlike Dassini's "The Night and the City (1950)" and Kazan's "Panic in the Streets (1950)" (last shot by Joe McDonald). In some scenes, Fuller draws the camera so close to the faces of its actors that they are out of focus, directly recording intimate thoughts, emotions and short manifestations that are transmitted through its most revealing face, the eye. Although (unexpectedly) inclined to melodrama, and only to anti-communist propaganda, is Pickup on South Street a strong film noir that is most successful in summoning? New York Metro. <br /> <br /> When Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) captures the wallet of the subway (Jean Peters), he pays more than he originally wanted. Female Candy and her coworkers Joey (Richard Kiley) were secretly secretive smugglers of communism and McKoy has unexpectedly acquired a major microfilm roll. Does he turn to MacGuffin in the right institution or sell it to the highest bidder? When "Pickup on South Street" is a mistake, the story seems to be meant only to support the Communist Action Plan, a propaganda other than World War II {Dwight Taylor, who gave this story, especially wrote Thin Man Goes Home (1944), "the only series of propagandistic films}. For no apparent reason, is every identifiable character? even terribly self-serving Skip McCoy ?? finally, it becomes a self-sacrificing patriot that is predictable from the beginning. In the traditional film noir, the unapologetic criminal always gets its result, a rational punishment for its sins, but probably not when they have earned their country; patriotism sweeps the slate clean. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, an actress I really like, plays with a surprised handkerchief, though always with this discomfort, suggesting that he bites more than he can chew. The train's opening square is the best of the film, as McCoy breathes and quietly fishes around his victim's handbag, recalling Bresson's "Pickpocket (1959)". Thelma Ritter is fantastic as a tired street-woman who provides information to anyone who is willing to pay for it (although of course she draws a line to Commies). Jean Peters is a disgrace when the trashy dame transmits information to another, playing a role almost completely without glamor; It was reported by Fuller to the actress's observation that she had a thin belt on the prostitute. Nonetheless, Peters has to suffer for Widmark's beloved love, which really makes the film's attempts a reality. Following the release, the FBI immediately condemned the "Pickup on South Street" as a communist propaganda, and the Communist Party did exactly the opposite. Get your finger off.
