Samuel Fuller is hardly one of America's greatest directors. I'm not sure he will qualify as a Hollywood craftsman. But he's definitely there with Hollywood's real professionals ready to march with his music. At the time he worked at a Hollywood studio, he knew how to do the task, design the material delivered to him, and turn it quickly and efficiently into something usually better than its parts ... on time and on budget. Pickup on South Street is an example. On the surface, it's one of Hollywood's early Fifties anti-Commie films, plus patriotism, a hard-boiled hero and a slender (and sweating) bad guy. Fuller turns this pouch from Hollywood clichés into a tough, exciting drama with lots of shutdowns. The hero, Skip McCoy, is a triple loser, a small bunch of soft fingers that won't change their stripes until the end. Capricious, Candy, is a girl whose level of virtue would be easy if you are so inclined. One of the most appealing signs, Moe Williams, is the stoolie. And with an unusual approach to the Hollywood fight against Commies, patriotism falls on deaf ears; the hero is not motivated by something that proves himself. He wants profitability only for personal reasons, and he's gonna change ... at least for now ... good man. Plus, all the actors were mostly assigned to Fuller in the studio. He had to do it. Richard Widmark has now created his presence as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. She gives a good woman a sexy and stupid, and no better than her boyfriend ... or her customers ... want her to be. And Richard Kiley, who later got twice Tony's award winning Broadway, is convincingly slippery and crazy. It's hard to remember that he was an actor who caused us, I thought it was "Man's Impossible Dream" by La Mancha, <br /> <br /> More than anything else - the story of a handkerchief who chooses a purse in the subway And finding the microfiche secret cash that the Fed and Commies are applying for is moving directly to the big economy. The entire company with its classic look takes just 80 minutes. The dialogue, where Fuller is a screenwriter, has such a party, partly a sharp, boiled cellulose fiction style. "That muffin you went ... he's okay," says one character skipping Candy. Fuller just moves us from scene to scene to keep us hanging on what follows. Then, Fuller throws the character of Moe Williams. Maybe the story ratchets up to a whole new interest, part of the comedy relief and part of the sad inevitability. <br /> <br /> What I like best is how opening is an example of Fuller's talents and strengths. After 2 minutes and 15 seconds, right after the credit, Fuller can immediately turn on the movie, create a story for us, and show us what signs - Skip and Candy - we 're going to be involved with. And he does it with such an appealing curiosity in this hot, packed subway that we almost know of Fuller, who puts us hooked. <br /> <br /> Says Glenn Erickson, one of the best filmmakers in my opinion, "Sam Fuller defines his special view of Americanism from the bottom up: what should be an irrelevant story, stiff-necked, aggressive self-interest that is fully expressed, admits what is wrong and what is right and not afraid to fight for it. As always in your work, it is the hardest to fight for individuals who are struggling hardest for their country. "She's right, and it makes the movie still alive after 55 years.
