"Pickup On South Street" is a high-speed drama for a small time criminal who unexpectedly finds himself in the Communist group. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style and the momentum is maintained by some brilliant editing. Using a wide variety of camera angles and efficient close-ups also contributes to continuous motion and vitality. Samuel Fuller's leadership style and Joseph MacDonald's cinematic art are excellent and there are many scenes that give a strong mood and atmosphere through their composition and light. <br /> <br /> Ace pickpocket and recidivist Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark gets into deep water when he steals a young woman named Candy (Jean Peters) in a New York subway. His former boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) used him communist organization sent to one contact person and unknown to the US government secrets to microfilm. Two FBI agents had watched Candy and seen theft. One of the agents continues Joey's apartment and the other Zara (Willis Bouchey), police captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye). explains that the FBI has been following Candy for several months in the pursuit of communist leader. <br /> <br /> To identify pocket money, Tiger calls a "stoolie" called Moe (Thelma Ritter), who has been ranked eight out of the cannons When Tiger sees the name of Skip in the list, he is immediately convinced that he is the man they need to track down and sends two detectives to t If you jump into Tiger's office, Zara tells her about microfilm and Tiger wants to cancel the charge when she collaborates with the investigation. Skip is flippant and arrogant. He does not clearly trust Tiger and denies any knowledge of theft in the subway. <br /> <br /> Joey tells Candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then download it. Candy pays Moe Skipi's address and when Skip returns to Tiger, she finds Candy looking for her home and hitting her unconscious before stealing money. When he recovers, Skip requires $ 25,000 for microfilm. He says Joeyle Skip's insistence and Joey's boss gives him a weapon and orders him to restore the microfilm the next night. <br /> <br /> Skip and the candies are against each other and this is due to their inconvenience, the relationship this tool evolves, which they can prevent police attitudes. It soon becomes clear that solving issues with communist power will only be achieved through more direct action. <br /> <br /> Skip, Candy, and Moe images like characters that live in a saturated world where they are forced to face significant risks on a daily basis are powerful and convincing. The work of fashion as a police informant depends on his knowledge of the people in his community, but they also know what he is doing and someone else can look for his revenge at any time. He seems to be insidious and on the street, but he also has a vulnerable side when he describes himself as an "old clock" and saves money to be able to bury in the Exclusive Cemetery in Long Island. His conviction that "every bit has its own meaning" leads him to sell any information, regardless of threat, friendship or principles, but still once he refuses and becomes deadly. The result of Thelma Ritter was definitely the winner of the Oskar candidate. <br /> <br /> Skip is a violent offender who has no worries about his victims and who has already been convicted three times, is living under constant threat of imprisonment once convicted again. Nevertheless, he continues his criminal activity and is strange, is just philosophical when Moe places his position and then later ensures that Moe gets the burial he appreciated so much. Candy is a former whore and someone whose activities put her at constant risk, but hardened outside, gradually becomes clearer. Widmark and Peters are so perfect for their roles as well as Ritter's different facets of personalities with great style and conviction.
