Pickup South Street is one of the best films ever made. Example of Leadership: When Candy (Jean Peters) starts to go through her purse and notices that her purse is missing, the building warns against a disorder as if it were a disorder that goes down her head. It's not a comic - it's finely woven into the background in a way that captures you to the subconscious level until you've seen the film a couple of times and it just "clicks" that the alarm clock goes when it starts frantically Richard Widmark is on his game like a smart alec She's really great - but the movie's highlight was the first Moe scene. street player / informant played by Thelma Ritter. Later, in your apartment you can't see a movie - you see a real person. I've never seen anyone who is "real" so real I felt I was looking at Ritter's performance in the real space - just as his hair threw a bit. <br /> <br /> About a million other things just * worked * how Lightning Louie picks up money with his chop as Candy jewelery clicks as he pulls his hand away as Moe gets dollars and changed from police captain to FBI boy chest - and even as the captain opens his cabinets, as he has been doing in such a room for years. "Pickup On South Street" has detailed moves (directing) with perfect performances (acting) and excellent now-nostalgic visions of the day, such as the panel truck, the boards that lead to the water, the dumbwaiter, and the unforgettable place Skip jumps into his pocket. Wonderful stuff. <br /> <br /> "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few movies where, although the characters are not perfect, you care about them - maybe because they are somewhat branded in their past difficult ways to escape: jump as " triple loser "and Candy as a youthful woman who has a lot of" knocked ". If these people behave a little worse than you expect, this is a sort of novel way that makes you look like people you wouldn't otherwise imagine - and yet you know they're possible because the actors are making them so humanly recognizable.
