After "The Crusades" attack at the ticket office, Cecil stopped making DeMille non-American films. The films of the next thirteen years were from our history from Jean Lafitte to World War II (Dr. Wassell). The first production was the film starring Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickok, with Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not a villain as usual) was General George A. Custer and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought in Little Big Horn. The bastard was led by Charles Bickford (selling Indian weapons) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). <br /> <br /> The film basically takes US history after the Civil War. . Lincoln was first talked about what is the next step Lee has given up. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the west (more from this point later). Then he announces that he has to go to the theater. The fact that April 14 must be very busy for Abe - in Virginia City's, he will be grateful to Errol Flynn on the same day at the request of Miriam Hopkins. <br /> <br /> In fact, while Lincoln was concerned about this, West, his direct thoughts on the last day of his presidency were related to the reunification of former Confederate states and its citizens as soon as possible. It was a reconstruction that took its attention, not the West (except Maximillian and his French-controlled force against Juarez in Mexico). But he had been involved with real problems with the West. In 1862, he sent a disgrace to General John Pope, another loser of Manassas, to Minnesota for Sioux (McKinley Kantor's novel "Sprit Lake" in India) to suppress a serious Indian war. But the fact that all of Lincoln's real attention to western issues is doubtful that he says (as Cooper repeats at least once), "There should be a border" There is nothing to say that he would not have said it, but the leading statesman is not very deep As he said, Teddy Roosevelt said, "Eat health every morning for a good breakfast. "this is at best an understanding of a recognizable fact, Cooper making it a smaller mantra, like the Lincoln version of the Monroe doctrine, is ridiculous ... typical of how DeMille scripts really have bad mistakes in common sense in them. <br /> But this is not a destructive mourn. "Plainsman" is an adventure film that, in turn, offers the full benefit of DeMille, the creator of the spectacle, as it is worth watching, but not as a textbook of Lincoln's political ideas or his quoted legacy.
