Kim Basinger stands for Della, a housewife with twin children (Terri and Tammi, played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and her husband (Kenneth) abusive jerk, played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> The movie will open on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is home, driving a beautiful car that I could add. She is on her mobile phone, arguing with a business partner I expect. When he arrives home, he sees that the floor is footwear and toys are common. It frustrates her further and she takes her wife against Della, asking why the house is always confused. He strikes him against the wall. The twin looks down the stairs. He strikes the wall, leaving it in and walking. He tends to have children trying to comfort them. Since then, everything has been said, she has to go to the mall to make the last-minute shops and she's out of packing paper. She gets there and the car park is full because there are many last minute buyers. Although he is looking for a parking space, he notices a car that takes up two spaces and crushes him. Finally, he finds the park where he can park, goes over to the hogs and leaves the windscreen wiping down, calling the owner a "selfish jerk". Then he goes to the mall to make the last stores. <br /> <br /> When he finally leaves the mall, it is closed and many people have already left. Not the car owner who left the note and noticed it on his vehicle. He also notes that the sign he left under the windscreen wiper no longer exists. Strange. When he reaches his vehicle, he can start it. He observes the car behind the car and prevents him from backing up. He gets out of the car only with the car owner (Chuckie-Lukas Haas), he left a note and his friends of friends. Yelling is present and a shopping center cop (no, not Paul Blart) is going to see what the problem is, but to get Chuckie out of her head. Although this happens, Della jumps into her vehicle, launches and drives the median in front of her. Chuckie and her posse hop in your car and give chase. Della crashes his vehicle in housing development, but he is unharmed. He can open it on the back of his vehicle, open the hatchback and grab the toolbox before the handles get there. <br /> <br /> That's why Della spends the rest of the evening trying to break and hit. The first killing is, in my opinion, the best. The first killing that Della does in any case. The latter was probably the weakest and it should have been the best, given that it was the main bad guy he was attacking. I admit that there are some that will be surrendered to buy the end, and I was a little down. All in all, although it was a fun flick and moving nicely it is 1 hour and 20 minutes of time.
