ATTENTION, SPOILER! Many people told me that "Apeside Planet" was the worst film by Tim Burton and beyond what was much weaker than the original film. So I decided not to see it. My other friend, who didn't see the movie yet, nevertheless suggested that I watch it because "Tim-Burton's movie is still Tim-Burton's movie." I decided to do it, and I found that he was right. <br /> <br /> It is clear that the reprocessing of a famous film such as "Platforms for Monkeys" is automatically affected by commercial thinking. Still, Tim Burton managed to represent his movie with his strange playfulness like "Beetlejuice" or "Batman". If you already have Burton movies, it's hard not to like one of his films, even if he has some bugs: nerve-banging apes, superfluous monkeys, and a leading actor who could easily replace what the film first gives us, is the answer to the question : What is the result of giving Tim Burton the task of creating a remake? First, Burton wouldn't be Burton if he didn't refuse it from scratch for transcription; it's transformation. On the other hand, Burton knows that almost every viewer of his movie has seen the first film starring Charlton Heston (human), and he knows that the transformation does not exist without this model and that the two films do not end up being compared. So all he does is play this comparison at every moment of his movie, eg. g. with reference to quotation marks. As far as the story is concerned, Burton is doing an excellent job, first answering the original original questions and driving the audience into despair, destroying this great clarity and ending with the movie? AND HERE IS SPOILER? Leo comes back to earth and found himself in a world that seems to have been with the monkeys forever. <br /> <br /> Now, this is the answer to the people's expectations that they hold on the amazing, shocking end of the first monkey planet. End, even more unexpected, more amazing and: totally confusing because ?? and here I disagree with the different "planets of Apes websites and platforms"? it is not logical. It cannot have any meaning or just that complex that it becomes ineffective. Tim Burton plays his cruel games, does it with a smile and does it well. Burton fans will definitely like it, others may feel friday and complain about some kind of mannerism. Well, and I don't think the manufacturers would ask Burton to redirect the remake again?
