Gordon Parks, a fruitful Black Life magazine photographer, made a real stamping here - one that doesn't mess! Based on the real story of two NYC police - later under the name of Batman and Robin - who used eleven radical tactics to clean up their drug area, this is a journalist's film before this term recurs. Lightning Stamp, here is not one of the most important jumping scenes here. <br /> <br /> The man, in the early 1970s, must be a terrible place for a police officer, such films and "Serpic". These two police are starting a security department rookie, breaking the leisure time mediators. But instead of getting the city police applause, they don't get anything but resistance and contradiction from their peers. They alone have to navigate the police and the legal field of corruption, with assigned tasks designed to keep them from working in the streets, the ruthless drugs and the unpleasant ghetto. <br /> <br /> Both David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic in the lead; some of the entertainment is looking at Leibman's eyes, who are longing for every scene that is flawless comic, and Selby's behavior is low key and nervous. These two make all the comedy aspects of the work of the story - a striking disappointment that is mixed with gutsy's determination. The directories, which were already known for their controversial coverage in their photography, are not ashamed of the striking story. Rather, the film is uncompromising, depicting the strength of the police and street criminals that these two men live. This realism is accompanied by the fact that true Hantz and Greenberg acted as technical advisors to the film and even appeared in the role of surreal shields as two colleagues who ridiculed the protagonist. This is a true respect for the efficiency of the Parks direction, which he succeeds in perfectly balance between this balancing mile and the light comedy. <br /> <br /> Why is MGM / UA sitting on the shelf for 30 years - hardly any home video or DVD in the US? This is a small masterpiece of the 1970s.
