First I saw it half a year ago on a black-and-white TV in a small Samoan village and thought it was fun. Now, having seen it for the second time, so much later I can't find it fun. I can't find anything fun anymore. But this is a witty and frivolous comedy that moves quickly without tripping, and I enjoyed it thoroughly. <br /> <br /> It's 1945 and Fred MacMurray is the 4F who dies to get into one of the armed forces. He rubs in a demolition facility he manages, and the genie seems to want some of it. (Ho hum, right? But while the introduction is nothing but okay, the fantasies are quite lively.) MacMurray tells the gene that he wants to be an army. Poof and he travel with Washington soldiers as a particularly warm and inviting universal service provider, where in June Haver and Joan Leslie wear a lot of lace boards or whatever they are and lavender wigs. Washington sends MacMurray an enemy - red cover, German speaking Hessian, not British. Hessians are stuck in the Bierstube and sing a very entertaining drink song that violates the Waterland virtues, "where white wine is winier / and Rhine water Rhinier / and bratwurst is softer / and yellow hair is yellow / Frauleins is jucier / and goose steps are "Something like that. Characterization is fabulous, as good as Sig Rumann. Otto Preminger is a suspicious and sinful general of Hessen. "You know, Heidelberg, the water is 241 to 1 against you - but the water is not afraid." <br /> <br /> I can't go on with these fantasies for too long, but they're all pretty funny and so are the lyrics. If he wants him to be in the Navy, MacMurray moves to Columbus and the fantasy is presented as an opera opera. "Don't you know that western sailing meant an awfully expensive investment?" And who do you think it means, but Isabella, Queen of the Queen. "When they see a new world, someone says it looks good." I don't care about what it looks like, "Columbus breaks," but this place is called Columbusland. "Anyway, everything is finally stretched out, though the genie is quite drunk by that time, and MacMurray breaks into the Marine Corps with the right girl. <br /> <br /> I have made it too cute, but it is cute. Kids can enjoy smoke and magic and dirty the story of love: adults hit the story of more complex elements (who are hessian?), if they are not college graduates, in which case they may want to capture and say, "Wow! Awesome! "
