Before Crash, it was an interesting movie called the Grand Canyon. The Grand Canyon was a film about 14 years ago, a film about two people from different backgrounds who come together as friends during their lifetime. For me, Crash was still a bit better, but the Grand Canyon wasn't a slouch. <br /> <br /> Mack (Kevin Kline), a senior class lawyer in Los Angeles, takes a short description of the city just to break his car at worst. He calls the tow truck and wait a while to threaten a group of dangerous people who want their car soon. Soon the truck driver will arrive at the ideal moment and exit Simon (Danny Glover) to take off the truck. Both men are threatened, but Simon manages to get himself, Mack and the car terribly. From there on, the friendship between the two men develops over the lifetime with the help of Mack, as Simon had helped him out of a dangerous situation before. You see that Simon's sister Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children and is afraid of her oldest son who steals at night with some bad people on the streets. Mack offers them a better place to live, as does Simon erect his secretary with friend Jane (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main plot of the movie, but there are other smaller parcels that are the same as the aforementioned secretary (Mary Louise Parker) and Mack's (Mary McDonnel) who discover the abandoned child not long after their son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto's first film role), has gone to camp in the summer and is likely to move on with her life soon. The details of all these parcels are grouped into one complex film that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and a bridge to unite all the different scenes. This simple plot device works very well and greatly helps the story flow. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest film on this date was The Big Chill, has created a great movie. The cast is great and most of the ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately it remains great because some of the points that made the film even stronger are glossed. The secretary's story is second and second, which includes Simon's nephew. These scenes should have been more than the whole story, and then, perhaps, the life view of Lawrence Kasdan between the upper and lower classes would have been better than just good. Still the Grand Canyon exceeded expectations and yes, you can see the view of the canyon that this movie got its name. Steve Martin also plays a small role in Davis, a producer of violent films, who offers his views on life and has a small role to play in the ideas of this film.
