If you really want to know how most of the Hollywood scene participants and directors "did" about where they are, the big majority will tell you (assuming they say) that there was a strange coincidence. They met the right people at the right time and got into the right project that led to other associations and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino took over the acting class, which was supervised by Harvey Keiteli. Kevin Spacey went to bed with an old woman in a lecture by a famous playwright who helped her to paint an important role. And Robin Williams gives his career to Gary Marshall's son, who, after seeing Star Wars, suggested to his father that an alien should visit "Happy Days" at Cunninghams. These coincidences, which many times are considered to be fortunate, are shaped by many Hollywood quarries today. Or is it pure happiness? Is there anything else you can do? The Grand Canyon, written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, presents a completely different explanation of the unexplained coincidence, namely the strange coincidence. The film touches on a number of different signs, the life of which is broken by a positive and yet unexplained event. <br /> <br /> Kevin Kline, a medieval father, is experiencing a breakdown in one of the most dangerous areas. After he pulled the tow truck, he puts a young gang. They threaten violence if they do not leave their car. Immediately before the confrontation increases, Danny Glover appears as a truck driver and suppresses the gang's intentions. Although Glover denies it later, he probably saved Kline's life. The producer of cheap violent films (Steve Martin) is on foot and has a spiritual experience after the church. He then announces retirement from blood and gore entertainment. And Claire's wife Clair (Mary McDonnell), while running in the morning, finds a child hidden in some foliage. He claims that the child cried to him and that his "rescue of the child" had been prescribed in advance. <br /> <br /> The film further explores the results of those strange connections that lead to further relationships, relationships, and new beginnings. And all the time the strange homeless man appears in the film, as if he was somehow related to what was going on. <br /> <br /> It is very rare in Hollywood or in the film in general to explore such a purely esoteric topic. There are some moments that seem somewhat unbelievable, but maybe that's. What makes the film work is acting as an excellent show. While miracles and coincidences may seem far removed, the actors believe they will experience these new realities. Perhaps this is the topic that we should study more often.
