I was reviewing the Grand Canyon at the beginning of this year when I tried to develop the top ten list for the 1990s. I first saw the movie at the age of 17. How did I hear about it? Siskel and Ebert reviewed it and suggested it in 1991, and finally I got a video after that year. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie, a powerful movie, a healing film about listening to power, listening to each other. I've seen it six times already, and it attracts and inspires me with every next look. But why this movie bad reviews? Maltin's film guide gives him two out of four. Too melodramatic, too big a coincidence, too gentle, the words I read the most. Yes, there is melodrama in this story, and yes, there are many coincidences. But it gives the intensity and strength that seems supple. For the whole "plot" that exists in Grand Canyon, such as driving, police chasing, earthquake, love relationship, female discovery of shrubs, second shoot, head of a new accident and advice from a homeless man, this film wins thanks to Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell , Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sisto for smart performances. It also succeeds with Lawrence Kasdan's skilful leadership and writing. You know that this is not just another movie if you think of the sequence at the beginning of the film, in which Kevin Kline harasses four black youths. Danny Glover plays a tow truck driver who helps Kline's character, but not before he gets harassed. Listen to the dialogue if the boy suggests to Glover, "Are you afraid of me, or because I have a gun?" <br /> <br /> The Grand Canyon is filled with one perception. Steve Martin should have been nominated as the best actor in filmmaking with a change of heart and then a later mood. I think his character is a warning that "good" can lead us forward, that idealism is a round, but what we must constantly fight rather than depend. <br /> <br /> I am afraid that the Grand Canyon may lose forever non-new versions of the wilderness video store. However, for transactions in older publications that are as low as 99 cents, please all those who have read it far from reviewing the reviewer that you are thanking for renting, the Grand Canyon is something special. If you love Magnolia, another film with a great ensemble on deep humanistic issues, you will also love the Grand Canyon.
