This production was made in the mid-1980s and seems to be the first serious attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. No novel movie has ever been tried (it is remarkably rich in sub-blocks that actually work in contrast to each other so it would have been very difficult to crop). The novel was the only Dickens attempt to make a central narrator (one of two works) a woman, Esther Summerson. Esther is raised by her aunt and uncle who (in a typical Dickens style) treated her badly. He's illegal, but they don't tell him anything about his parents. Later, we'll be with a gentleman, Sir Leicester Dedlock and his wife. Lady Honoria at Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) is becoming more and more difficult because of her private life and the interference of a family lawyer, Mr Vinghn. We are also involved in Richard Carstone's activities (Esther's boyfriend), trying to win a long-drawn legacy office, Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, what all (even Richard's cousin John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) warns. Dickens had been a journalist and then a parliamentary reporter before he wrote fiction. Starting with a breach of promise in PICKWICK PAPERS, Dickens carefully looked at the law. Mr. Bumble said the OLIVER TWIST was "ass" and Dickens would support this position consistently. He looks at the slum as a breeding breed of breeding in TWIST that the law is hardly trying to cure. He is attacking Chancery and obsolete real estate laws, as well as BLEAK HOUSE's overly robust lawyers and greedy lawyers (interpreting horses, Ving). In LITTLE DORRIT he is attacking debtors' prisons (he was also hit by David COPPERFIELD). In our MUTUAL FRIEND, he looks at testers and wills. In EDWIN DROOD MYSTERY he apparently went to a murder trial. Dickens was much more critical to legal institutions than most of his associates, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the novel also looks at other problems (such as charity and religious hypocrisy; industrial revolution). He also uses the novel to satirize various people: Leigh Hunt writer, Inspector Fields of Scotland Yard and even infamous Maria Manning. Most of these points were kept in this fine mini-series. If this is shown again on the cable station, try to catch it.
