Two-thirds of the approximately 2,000 IMDb users who voted on this movie have rated it for 8, 9, or 10, and one user reports the recording of six video tapes (was it a record or just a vector screen?) Although the film is primarily for a period, it is obviously quite unusual. But for some reason, I imagined that it was terribly terrible and had never felt the desire to see it. My idea was changed by Elizabeth Von Arnim's original book. My wife loves reading, but her sight does not let her read anymore because she lent it in the form of a poem. Such books are usually irritating to a companion who is busy with other things, but I gradually realized that it was a seductive soothing, though in no way a syrup, and was also very well written. I realized that my wife enjoys watching a movie and decided to buy a video tape. I'm very happy now that I did it and I would definitely want to buy it for someone who appreciates quiet reflective work without fireworks, but with a well-designed character and a very successful pre-Mussolini Italian atmosphere. The story is set right after World War II and starts with two married London women who decide to save their savings and enjoy a vacation with their family, in a rented villa in Italy. Because of the force of the facts, this couple of two others who have very different signs and backgrounds. His theme is not more than the advancement of their holidays, not only between the four very different mature ladies, but also the random male visitor. If you want to act, excitement, dramatic sexual scenes, natural disasters or man-made disasters or Harlequin style romances, this movie wouldn't be for you. However, IMDb users have shared and very emphatically demonstrated that none of them is necessary to make the film truly worthwhile, and if you care to try it, you can, as I did, come to the rank of your very loved movies > <br /> It is quite rare for me to watch a movie from a book I am familiar with. In many cases, I find it part of watching a movie, but here is such a strong visual attraction that I really found the joy that I saw in the next segment of the book, effectively removed from my eyes. (Maybe Italy has that part of it, the last time I had this experience when I was watching the Boccaccio Decameron on TV.) In general, book films tend to increase the dramatic level of initial work to ensure that the filmed version has a wider appeal, but here if something is reduced to keep viewers focused on progressive character development rather than backend programs. This works very well, although the changes in the book are scarce and the film remains in the original story. The big credit is due to director Mike Newell and all the cast members, especially those famous British actors who play four major ladies.
