Three girls, the youngest descendant of the Gaylord family, one of America's most royal families, have been orphaned. Just before he fights in France during World War I, their father, Fiona, tells me that I will never sell the land. By the time their nurses become adults, they will have to destroy most of their money to pay lawyers for protecting their property. With certain gaps in the will of the father, a man named Charles Barclay will acquire the land of Gaylord, on which he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who bought the land and buildings of wealthy families in New York to build a Rockefeller Center. . Fiona, well played by Barbara Stanwyck, though not definitely one of her best roles, seems to be a cold, dominant woman, and it turns out her skeleton has some skeletons. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a little ditsy and in love with a young contemporary artist Gig Young. Coleman was in my favorite movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is quite a pretentious seductress with a monocle who married England's superpower, but it doesn't stop her from trying to steal Gigi's assets. The three sisters have developed quite well, but like the great number of The Gay Sisters, they are never good enough. Charles Barclayi is played by George Brent. He's not very good. Well, it would be satisfactory if the story had been played as it should be, but it always looks like a scam in the movie. If we are asked in the film for later compassion, it is impossible. Gig Young plays huh, Gig Young. No, he doesn't play himself. What happened was that Warner Brothers forced Byron Barr to act as an actor who had acted in several films before, to make his name more memorable. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but eventually he changed his name to Gig Young after playing The Gay Sisters. Weird, right? The young is pretty good through most of the film, but the script makes the film a regrettable thing later in the film, which ultimately damages the audience. In two other supporting roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are pretty good. <br /> <br /> Gay Wives had great potential to be one of the great cinematic family saga. The characters are all interesting, as are their situations. Unfortunately, the script never tries anything more than the simplest melodrama. If it had made the relationship between all the major characters more complicated, for example, clarifying the competition between Evelyn and Susanna or making it more modest, the film would have been fantastic. You could also have developed a prologue more, let us know more about the Gaylord family. We need to pay more attention to the characters and we have more sympathy with them. And the end ended with some important confirmation. In principle, it will eventually give up. Fiona's problems are solved so badly that it is painful. Regardless of his compassion for his character, when the film develops, it breaks down. It's also too happy. This story seems to be moving towards a tragedy, or perhaps just a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gigi has never been solved. As bad as Fiona's story ends, Susanna, Gigi and Evelyn are even worse. <br /> <br /> I still liked the movie. It can be watched closely, even if it does not bring us to other big movies like the era. 7/10, mainly for its potential. It should have been redesigned, or the novel should have been adapted at some point during the studio time. It's too out of date to do it again. The 1950s would have been the best time for films like Giant.
