I first saw Rob Roy twelve years ago. A little money for entertainment, I rented it for my groom and myself to watch the cooler night in the winter. The movie I wanted was gone, so I rented it instead of waiting much, and I was very surprised how good it was. I looked at it recently and loved it every time as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those who don't know this story, this is a story of Scottish outlaw Robert Roy MacGregor, a camp and folk hero. Little of what I know of a man and his story are freedoms of facts, but it is a film, not a textbook, and so filmmakers can excuse me. Basically, the film's graph shows that Rob Roy is borrowing money from the Montrose brand to buy the bovine animals he is going to sell and make big profits. But his plan has been broken when a money-trusted friend has been kidnapped and murdered in the forest. Our hero finds himself rolling after he has not solved the case with Marquis, and Mary, his wife, suffers from sadistic rape Archibald Cunningham, a stinking Englishman, without a soul. The resulting outrages until Rob is very pleased with the conclusion that he is developing Archibaldi as Christmas. <br /> <br /> There are many great performances in this movie, but let me specifically touch on some. Liam Neeson, as usual, is a fantastic, sexy beast that you can't take your eyes off. Honestly, this guy is like ice cream: even if he's bad, he's good. His Rob Roy is a respectable man who is trying to offer those who depend on him in the best possible way. Jessica Lange, like Mary, gives this woman a rage that is a nice change from a simper, a woman in a boring movie is usually forced to endure. You just know that he doesn't take Rob or anyone else on this issue b. Tim Roth is absolutely upright when he is a bad Archibald, but somehow works. The whole post and preening with some evil dialogue will bring one of the most memorable films in the memory of the villain in the recent past. Combine all of this with the work of other supportive players with the lush landscapes of Scotland, and you have one that equals one really cool movie. If you haven't seen it, I suggest you do it.
