In 1995, when so many people talked about the great premiere of Mel Gibson's BRAVEHEART, another very good but undervalued film about the Scottish history, ROB ROY, was also seen. Although this is a very different film, especially due to the historical period, ROB ROY has much in common with not only the wonderful BRAVEHEART, but also the spirit of epic films. <br /> <br /> is a movie about similar topics like dignity, courage, honor, revenge, family, the key to happiness. It also brings us to the supreme bliss of the Scottish Highlands, where the human soul finds the rest surrounded by the magnificence of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is a true hero (both a universal epic), a kind of "Scottish Robin Hood" who fights for the leadership of his people from the oppression of the cold-hearted masters. Though he worsens his situation through deeds, he has to suffer a lot, two things remain in his mind indisputably: HONOR, that he has given his love to his wife, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). It takes him to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> Except for the interesting content and quite lively action, the movie is full of stunning. This factor has to be done with movie sets as well as locations and wardrobe. Many memorable moments remain in the minds of every viewer who can get to know artistic images. For me, it was a great place in the mountains when Rob Roy tells his boys what au really means. Then he sends them away and loves his wife beautifully. The style she escapes from the waterfall of Margrose Montrose (John Hurt) is also worthy of visual visual. Of course, there is some graphic violence, such as in the duel, but I do not think this violence would be as harmful as in many other modern films. The rationale behind it is just like every other epic: bloodshed and the cruelty of those times was really serious and it doesn't make sense to hide it. The most disturbing scene for me was the attack made by Rob Roy's wife, as a story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's really disgusting and kids should definitely stay away. All the rest are O.K. Yet, one aspect that really made me love this movie is performances. <br /> <br /> All casts make perfect jobs for the leading Lian Neeson, who fits very well with the high-brave, brave, strong Scottish man Brian Cox, depicting the wicked Killearn, the silent witnesses of terrible deeds who feel war-evil. Jessica Lange is very good as Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments of the film. In many of his scenes, there is chemistry between Lange and Mr. Neeson. John Hurt, one of the best British actresses, is doing terrible work like the Margrose of Montrose, a corrupted man, for whom money is a goal in itself in any way. I like the peace of portraying it. But the real scraper is played by Tim Roth, who really represents his character's evil party, Archibaldi, a man who captures a love who loves war and finds a real craving for rape and killing. But as with any good epic, this extraordinary evil must find its end ... <br /> <br /> And another aspect: the musical result: such memorable and sentimental music that sounds in your ears for a long time. The last moment I touched upon tears was not only because of this beauty, but because I deeply blended these blessed stories with the size of the places. Scotland remains in the heart of its visitors and this film reminded me of such a lasting effect. It was like my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very nice movie that is well run, photographed and acted. Perhaps it is not equal to BRAVEHEART in the fight for its amazing sets and crowds, but it is a rather long film that has a great deal of attention to one very important feature. Cinema should be: stunning entertainment with heartfelt education. I really enjoyed this movie, don't be afraid to call this metaphorically "entertainment country" and appreciate it 9/10
