Worse for this fine movie that it had to be released in the same year as Braveheart. Although it is a very different film, there is a frontal and central conflict between Scottish ordinary citizens and the English nobleman. About 400 years had passed since Braveheart took place and Rob Roy was appointed, but some things did not change. Scotland is still dominated by English nobles and the highlands can never cope with them. Rob Roy is a beautifully made, but not a big epic, that Braveheart was. There are no large-scale battles and the conflict here is more between individuals. And so helpful that not all English languages ​​are shown as evil this time. Rob Roy is just a film of respect and of those who are truly evil. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays the title character of Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan and his main task is to tilt and protect the local glory, known as the Montrose Marquis (John Hurt). For the MacGregor clan, things seem pretty tough, because winter is approaching, and there seems to be no food for everyone. Rob Roy is preparing a plan to borrow 1000 pounds and buy some of his livestock. He then sold them at a higher price and used the money to improve the overall well-being of his community. Is that fair enough, isn't it? Problems arise when two Mark's crowns steal money themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is probably the most evil of the film. Tim Roth's well-played man is an uneven noble who has been sent by his mother to live with Marquis. This man is terribly feminine, rude, heartless and with a sword very dangerous. His father's baby child's hand maid and refuses to hold up to liability. She raped Macgregor's wife and burns her out of her home. This man is really as rotten as the movie characters are coming. Along with another awning (Brian Cox), Cunningham steals money and uses it to settle his debts. While most people are painfully obvious about what happened, Marquis still has MacGregor in debt. It creates a conflict that takes many lives and challenges the strengths of a man who simply struggles to maintain his dignity. <br /> <br /> Front Spoilers !!!!! Fortunately, MacGregor, the Duke, who is not Marquis's friend, creates a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to solve the conflict one and all. Many find this sword fight one of the best ever filmed. For many, Cunningham is a sure winner with his speed and grace. And for most struggles, these attributes seem to win. Just when Rob Roy seems to have finished, he turns the tables gracefully grotesque. When you see for the first time what happens, you're probably as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy is a beautifully filmed, wonderfully acted and perfect pace. The score is also quite memorable. The election choices seem to have been developed because Jessica Lange, who may seem to be out of her elements, actually becomes one of the strongest performances like Mary MacGregor. The film is violent but not too much gore. This is a terrifying picture full of deviant behavior. The nobility is largely played amoral and foolish. The film has no obvious flaws, so it gets 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> The Hound.
