It is Scotland's legendary hero Rob Roy and his battles with feudal landowners. Like Braveheart, to which it is often compared, it is not very historic. Despite their fictional character at first glance, I appreciate both movies very much and it would be difficult to choose between the two. 13th-century William Wallace is, as others have pointed out, a larger than national national figure, while at the beginning of the 18th century, Rob Roy appeared as a respectable but ordinary Scotsman. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around the clan master Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in the Scottish Highland House with his wife Mary and their two young sons. When the film begins, some thieves who have stolen the local master's cattle hunted with his companions. Rob Roy wants to improve the living conditions of his people, so he arranges nearly 1,000 Scottish pounds from the local, superb, Montrose brand to buy herds for the market. He temporarily trusts this money with his friend Alan McDonald. If both McDonald and the money are gone, Rob Roy finds himself in conflict with Montrose and his despicable defense, Archibald Cunningham and his sliding factor, Killearn. Rob Roy's honor has also been tested when Montrose tries to get him into the wrong testimony against his rival, the Duke of Argyle, whom he wants to blame for being Jacobite. <br /> <br /> Charismatic Liam Leeson is great as a mountainous Robland, an intelligent, virile and noble hero and a man whose respect is central to this story. Personally, I feel that this is Neeson's best result, his brogue (although Irish) adds the authenticity of the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, bold and honest man whose word can be trusted. She is loving her husband and father, and also her friend McDonald, who is accused of robbing her, loyally. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth masters his main opponent and certainly one of the most terrifying and sadistic cinematic villains, Archibald Cunningham, an egoistic, merciless peacock. She is very feminine for someone who does her main business for local women, whether she's ready or not. The regrettable Cunningham himself constantly refers to the fact that he is a deceptive person who does not know his father's identity, even though it does not justify his terrifying murder, rape and theft. He also ruthlessly sets aside the young maid Betty after getting pregnant with her child, which results in her suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and dirty Montrose, who is ultimately expected to be Cunningham's father. <br /> <br /> The film is essentially a very unbelievable love story between an ordinary person and his wife, who beautifully represents Robi's passionate relationship with Roy and Mary. Those who doubt the existence of passion in marriage should look at this man and woman! I think the phrase used by this couple, "How good are you for me ..." is certainly one of the most beautiful expressions of love in the cinema. <br /> <br /> The most powerful force is Jessica Lange's Robi wife, Mary McGregor. In the absence of composition, she has a beautiful but natural look for a strong peasant's wife and mother. The actor brings great courage and dignity to his role as the despicable Cunningham rapes while the nasty Killearn looks. His dialogue is clear, but full of pride and grace. I'll give Hollywood a time when they showed enough of the rape scene to expose both cruelty and Mary's pain and humiliation, but she wasn't going to be sensational. Their relative, Alastair McGregor, shows emotional anxiety when he learns of rape by Mary, and even more tormented when she swears to her secret that she will never show her husband a violation of Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film has beautiful landscapes of the Scottish Highlands, as well as a rich periodic costume and appropriate musical evaluation. Braveheart is not a big scenes of battle, but the constant gripping action and the particularly gripping sword are fighting the final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is an exciting film that has both tense action and a beautiful love story.
