With the Wheel The Devil has something rich and special when you can slowly develop. The film deals with a dark, sharp subject, a brutal immigration war in the West of America during the Civil War (which in turn created the laws of the western parts of the 1870s), but the film has a strangely satisfying and non-manipulated atmosphere. What I refer to is the tendency of the music and lighting of films to feel you. But instead, RWTD has a relatively amazing soundtrack and allows words and deeds to speak rather than manipulate the viewer's mind. <br /> <br /> As an enthusiast of this particular area of ​​CW history, m greatly impresses the accuracy of the movie. The diologist has been written (sometimes with subtle humor) with reference to bushwhackers and previous battle struggles (eg independence ... far from Oregon trail!). The small events that occur in the Jake band are similar to the real events that took place ... Especially when they were assembled in the house, and the destruction of the store / cab. Fighting scenes, though rare, are pretty well done. He even has the first CW cavalry battle that has recently been filmed. <br /> <br /> Leadership shows talents that everyone is waiting for in a subtle way from Ang Lee. Example: The character of Black John was shown in the battle by the inhabitant of Lawrence: "Where is your army? Who are we fighting!? Who are we?" (Then take pictures of the Confederate Regular Trinity Standing, doing nothing to stop the carnage if the voice continues) You are all cowards! "Who is the coward, really? The little thing really touches on the quality of the movie. <br /> <br /> There are no great prominent areas in history that can't be said about the Glory masterpiece, which was basically fictional in the context of the film. Some minor issues include the fact that years of represented events are not reflected, but you never know. ”The greater curiosity is that the only African-American person in the film is a quasi-slave who fights against Jake and his Confederate bushwhacker. It is true that some of the blacks fought there for the Confederacy, including one who had investigated Lawrence before Quantrill (who would suspect him?) Although this black rebel is a fascating character (no matter what the African-Americans could think of him), there is no black Union infantry in the film that would have been the most representative black experience in western CW. smashed (murderer Senator Jim Lane and before 54th Mass.) Celebrities reg. And black troops in battles like Baxter Springs, KS played a critical role. <br /> <br /> There are no outstanding historical errors. Good, realistic action that is rarely and not grateful. Good governance. This film may not be another recent civil war, but it is the cleanest job.
