Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose previous films include "Sense and Sensibility" and "The Ice Storm", turned to their last feature of the American Civil War. Based on Daniel Woodrell's novel, it follows a group of South immigrants, known as bushwhackers, when they fight with their northern equivalent, jayhawker, in Missouri waters. <br /> <br /> As you might expect, many visceral actions are focused on the tension the war fought against the young men, many of whom fought against their former neighbors and even the family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is such a man or rather a boy, because he is only seventeen when the war reaches Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his compatriots and becoming a member of the Union, he joins his lifelong friend Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and rides with the bushwhackers. Despite not accepting his ancestors and not wanting to take part in the murder of unarmed men, he continues to be causal. So is his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave who is freed from another bushhacker and fights for lunch. <br /> <br /> Lee is dealing with the subject terribly, never rushing to the deep introspection that the plot requires for action, and gives the film a sense of war reality - long periods of boredom and expectations that are awaiting an intense intimidating struggle. The activity is fascinated and admirable, recognizing that both sides made a great deal of cruelty. The performances are great, Maguire and Wright are both bold and dignified. Future Irish actors Jonathan Rhys Meyers are especially cool as a cold bloody killer, while Skeet Ulrich is enjoyable and arrogant. Lee will never let the reality of war, but his actors will do amazing work, showing the good of it - the growth of friendship, the demonstration of courage, and the emancipation of oppressed peoples in the broader sense. Driving with Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film that regularly shocks, but always moves the audience.
