<br /> <br /> I look forward to Ang Lee's new "Tiger, Hidden Dragon", I saw it burst and thought I'd give it a try. The Civil War movie is not a typical film I look at. Luckily I had a good feel for this director. This movie was wonderfully written. The dialogue is in the old southern style, but it does not sound smooth and outdated. This aspect of the film helped impressively act. Toby Maguire was awesome. I thought he was good in Pleasantville (but nothing special), but here he looks. I've always thought that Skeet Ulrich is a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is also great. For me, the big shock was Jewel. He was amazingly good. Jeffrey Wright, whom I've never heard before, is also great in this movie. It seems to me that great action and great writing and leadership go hand in hand. Writing a bad film makes the actors bad and against the visa. This movie was the perfect combination. The actors look brilliant and character development is remarkable. This film will keep you in good spirits and hope for some and bad things for others. It really allows you to feel the signs that are all very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complicated and keeps you at your seat, thinks and is ready at any time. In the literal sense, I was sure someone would kill the movie in quiet parts that were "too quiet" (brilliant leadership). It was also a beautiful film. The landscape was not breathless (that is Missouri and the Kansas goodness sakez), but obviously great attention was paid to the settings of the great nature. She has a tough and harsh feeling but keeps an eye on elegance. The film was deep. He talked about the story and, in doing so, you thought. The story of this external civil war was under it. More specifically, the two characters focused on what they were not sure about. This film dealt with much deeper questions, too much to choose. It was like a beautifully written story full of symbolism and artistic additions that leave you with thought during and after the story. If you like a great actor, writing, lots of activities and some of the best guidelines, watch this movie! Take your chance.
