I watched this movie twice on DVD and both times couldn't impress me with a unique impartial attitude. It seems to be a picture of reality rather than most of the other Hollywood fares, especially on a topic that is still hot. Even if it is closely related to the southern point of view, it cannot be called into question, and finally the only sentence passed is that the war is lost, not anything, and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> <br /> What really makes this movie incredible is refusal to over-dramatize. Today, really good movies are (shortly) small and far away, because the mainstream prices are enjoyable (if you don't have great expectations), but they are terribly commercially minded. I think this film comes as a really good movie (without being a masterpiece) because it sticks to itself and gives the viewer the opportunity to view and analyze it instead of wanting to bombard it with action and emotion. reconnaissance. This movie is cool, attentive and generally light in its decision, which is good. <br /> <br /> The story has its own flaws, especially the Jewel's Character will undoubtedly come out, but then it was. so chaotic that the young widow might have been only logical to somehow return to normal life, even if every next boy was free to take. He's still not weak, I really think he's one of the strongest characters, he's always in control of relationships, men are just marking. And I am very grateful that he is not a crying widow. I believe that in the 19th century, the death of a loved one was more normal than it is today. You can even die so easily with even minor illnesses and injuries, so the prospect of someone dying, though definitely causing sadness, has not traumatized people like this now. People did not see that they would build sanctuaries of their lost people, as they do now, and I like that attitude. <br /> <br /> My recommendation is for intelligent people to watch this movie when they are in the mood for a normal Hollywood price. Don't look at whether you want to stop or rent a heart.
