One of the less widely-praised recent activities of the Asian period, Gojoe is first a slow and often curious, but generally a pretty awful offer, exciting, layered and beautiful. I am sad to say that I know practically anything about Buddhist philosophy or the history and legend of Japan that surrounds this film, so its deeper meanings have disappeared from me, but even without contextual knowledge, it is still a rich price, having a traditional fantasy structure, a powerful higher plane. The story is Benkei, a warrior monk, and perhaps a demon looking for enlightenment, destroying the Gojoe bridge demon: Prince Shanao, himself a mortal seeker after his higher plane, but this time the forces of demons. Thus, the film becomes an illusion and a Benkei incident, an indecisive, conflict, where the real purpose is self-realization, that Benkei understands his true nature and that Prince Shanao faces what he is trying to gain. Benkei is even more hindered here by the fact that his darkness makes him fundamentally inconsistent with the world, even if he is not in open conflict, he is never relaxed. Director Sogo Ishii deals with this epic, measured at a pace, the camera always works stylishly and often puzzled, ignoring the need for more seductive moments for the location to sink, and light and fog are very useful to give an essential atmosphere, a lot of movie is fantasy air, but Beyond supernatural moments, it is down and dirty fantasy that has more time to fall than fancy flights. Makoto Watanbe's cinematic art is here an important, lively and detailed, richly recognizable thing. On the contrary, Daisuke Ryu is dignified and powerful with mysterious wildness like Benkei, while Tadanobu Asanol is honest, cold arrogance like Prince Shanao. Masatoshi Nagase pulls things out of the ordinary man, smart and cynical, but is not yet aware of exactly what the stakes are. The film fits well, it is sometimes incomplete, starts slowly, some shots are slightly pulled out and the epic struggle scenes are occasionally longer than strictly necessary. Concerning the fight, it is filmed unevenly than the actual moves, it is an artistic effect, but it can be disappointed by regular fans, often hidden by objects, flashing knives and fast-moving individuals who die with deadly force through their opponents. This is inspiring to look at, but eventually I could have done a little more traditionalism. There is also some unfortunate bloodshed, it works somewhat in the context, but is still disturbing. In general, although I found this to be a big movie, it is not one of the usual acts of fans or sword contestants looking for another Azum, rather a deeper and more mysterious beast, especially the end of this gender will no longer disappear with the more common wing fans of such a price. But for myself, it hit on the ground and for those who are adventurous to do it. Well recommended.
