For anyone who hasn't seen this movie yet, I have a friendly warning: don't look at "La Casa dell'Orcot" who's waiting for any demon because you can't find them here. This film is not the third part of the "Demons" series, and has nothing to do with it except for the fact that Lamberto Bava led them. In fact, Michele Soavi's "Church" is also known as an informal "Demonite 3", and it is also a misleading title, so go too. It is obvious that thanks to the success of "Demons" films; they tried to mislead the spectators with misleading titles, although it is clear that this is a divorced story. In saying this, I think it's unfair to say that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth it. To be honest, the film is quite atmospheric and, although there are some unintentionally fun situations, I thought it was really scary. Nonetheless, I think it is fair to say that the story tries to mimic Lucio Fulci's "House of the Cemetery". Of course, this is just speculation, but I think I have my real evidence. For example, in both films, Paolo Marco's family man, in both movies, has a tiny little boy named Bobby, in both movies the wife of the house is a beautiful thirty, who seems to be the only one to see that there is something really wrong in the new house and something really wrong in both movies in the basement . I'm sorry, but I can easily associate both movies and I'm not saying this as a charge. On the contrary, my idea is that those who enjoyed the "House by the Cemetery" probably enjoy this movie, remembering of course that "La Casa dell'Orco" is much less pretentious, less frightening, not just the same atmosphere, but the formula still exists. <br /> <br /> La Casa dell'Orco, Charel, his wife Tom and their little son Bobby go on a holiday on an old abandoned castle in the heart of the Italian villa Trifir. Leaving aside the beauty of the place, soon after they arrive, Charel will feel that she has been there before, which is impossible, since she has never been to Trifir before. Unfortunately, Charel cannot get over her déjà vu and the worst part is that her vision comes with a terrifying creature who goes after her. Tom, who is not a very patient man, advises him to leave absurd hallucinations and enjoy the vacation. But the woman's visions are becoming more and more real, and the peace and quiet they were supposed to enjoy suddenly become a living nightmare. The old nightmare of Charel's childhood will become real and this time he will not be able to escape without this threatening ogre. <br /> <br /> As expected, the plot will be somewhat simplified and, as a result, it is difficult to complete one and a half hours. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a couple of sequences that have nothing more than complete silence and a headgear image, walking around the castle for several minutes, reviving your childhood pictures and nothing else. It gets quite annoying from time to time, but in general it's not serious. Like many Italian horror films that appeared in the late eighties, this film is quite stylish and effective, but it also offers a nice variety of inadvertently funny moments that make the movie so unforgettable. For example, the part that Charel has brutally beaten by his wife and instead of going to his bedroom, as I had been waiting for, hitting him back, striking his face really hard and running in the woods like a maniac. The most fun thing, however, is that two minutes later they are happy couples, as if each other had been the most natural thing in the world. I know it's stupid, but I myself found it to be completely fun. At the same time, Ogre (which is clearly the story of the offender) sees the horrible and funny, and let's face it: a villain who can somewhat joke us and laugh at us a little, it's twice welcome. It reminded me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller", but of course much more natural and human. But if you focus on the really good aspects I mentioned earlier: the music produced by Simon Boswell is one of the highest points, and even if it is pretty much the same, it fits perfectly and creates tension in moments in a dark atmosphere. So when I have to make a final statement about this movie, I have to say that I can't love it, including the small bugs and most people who enjoy these typical Italian horror films in the late eighties won it not to be disappointed. It has all the typical and well-received clichés, such as the crazy old man who actually speaks the truth, the terrible local woman who is the witch, the horrible castle, the big dark cellar with the dreadful secret and the local people. who are trying to avoid the hostility of tourism, stay away from the notorious land. I would say "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two fingers and strokes his wife's face to pay tribute to the story of the heroine. Take this movie what it is and enjoy it.
