"Anchors Aweigh" is a product of the classical MGM music factory unit and the movie is all about enjoyment? good music by Jule Styne and others, great dancing by Gene Kelly (and even satisfactory work by Frank Sinatra) and a funny, very fast-paced script. The only important element I would criticize would be the casting of Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in the film always means that the audience is subjected to endless pseudo-operative ambush from the petite miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays a naval soldier named Joseph Brady, a man with a mysterious reputation around the ship as a lover, but whose Valentino charms are constantly being hampered by his less folding friend with an unlikely Central American name Clarence (Sinatra) . After a 3-day vacation to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find a girl based on a suspicious assumption that she owes her something to save her life. They are made by a policeman (Rags Ragland) who needs them to help attract an early young boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to return to the navy at home "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). First of all Clarence is interested in searching for "aunt Susan", but eventually Kelly's character is more likely to appear as a candidate. <br /> <br /> There are a number of standout music scenes, but nothing like Kelly's more famous work, such as Singin in the Rain and American in Paris. The closest we get is a tricky sequence with a Kelly-like fantasy sequence dancing with Jerry, the mouse "Tom and Jerry" (although he seems to be closer to the dog or cat than the mouse). It is an amazing sequence for your time, but it does not have enough complexity or emotion to really prove the time. I really enjoyed the sequential parts that took place before the animation, where Kelly used half-caliber moves to emphasize the transition to a fantasy world and where we see him dancing into a tunnel that looks like something out of Alice. In Wonderland ". <br /> <br /> Finally, the characters find Susan's favorite bar, which has been somewhat disinfected in the Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana, where patrons allow Mrs Grayson to abandon her arias and management is very excited that Clarence and Joe have expanded her singing "with a friend" Jose Iturbi (playing with a slight humorous touch.) Of course, they never met their "friend" Iturb and they spend a great deal of the length of the film trying to reach him (with a fun scene, Sinatra meets Iturb but injures him with a piano tuner and calls to abandon her piano tuning and try her professional career), in the studio and in the Hollywood Bowl, where Iturb is practicing a surreal symphony composed of tens of young piano players? Iturbi himself is a divine story? It represents an opportunity to escape the redundant work and opportunity for the heroine to fame and artistic achievement. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturb's Mrs. Grayson hears, his operative career is a reality. The three main characters are desperate to reach him and they think of him as some distant and distant mythological figure: a lot of the charm and humor of the film comes from the contrast of maestro with the very "real" motives of the earth. And speaking of Iturb's contribution to the film, he also offers a very stimulating musical moments with his orchestral "Donkey Serenade" interpretation. <br /> <br /> When all is said and done, this movie is something nobody likes to keep in. Most of the music is written for this movie, it's a nice contrast other Kelly opuses such as "Rain" and "American" recycled soundtracks. early in excellence, adventurous and brisk in their dancing as well as in their character interpretation. Sinatra's voice was never in better shape and rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a charming add-on to the clan and the character of Grayson is loving when he's not in production. Iturb adds this well-grounded, yet sophisticated, tone that fits perfectly with the atmosphere and style of classical MGM music. This is one of the best.
