Although, in my opinion, it is one of the smallest musicals of the stars, Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson, and director George Sidney, there is nothing like this musical music plan to sneeze in and along with it. Despite their mistakes, the anchors weigh a pretty good movie. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are two naval men Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady respectively. When the film begins, they simply pull into the Los Angeles area to get the much needed vacation. Brady plans to visit a girlfriend named Lola. Doolittle is still wet enough behind his ears and wants advice from Brady's women privately (publicly, the screenwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney get all the navy men out of each other to exaggerate their wife). Brady promises to help Doolittle hit, but mainly because Doolittle doesn't leave him alone. Their plans are put on a gift when the local police force them to help a young boy under the guise of a navy obsession. He does not provide the police with information about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps and he and Doolittle take the boy back home. When the boy's guardian Susan Abbott (Grayson) finally appears, Doolittle goes to him. Brady tries to convince him to forget; Brady just wants to come back to Lola. But they keep themselves back to Abbott's home and finally love the triangle. Things become more complicated when Brady lies from Doolittle, listening to the famous musician Jose Iturb, who lives in the film studio, and claims that Doolittle has created a listener for Abbott, a singer and actor, in front of Iturb. Because of this story, the music is a strange combination of militaristic music - thanks to the Navy's assumption, apparently, Broadway pop - what stars tend to sing in more informal conditions, opera - what Abbott describes as a popular classic like Liberace - what Iturb did and Mexican music - because Abbott repeats Mexican restaurant in the Mexican section of LA. The combination does not work as well as possible. Many songs are good and all involved are definitely talented as a singer or musician, but jumping in the genre tends to lose coherence. Worse, for Iturb, there are a couple of showcases that probably were a big star at the time, which brought the plot to a halt and seems more than a bit at the moment. I just watched another movie with outstanding music, Robert Altmani Kansas City (1996), but it mistakenly stopped the plot regularly for a concert movie. Anchors Aweigh takes a similar tactic. Yes, it is musical, but there is a difference between pieces that promote and are inseparable from parcels and concert presentations, which appear to be the material of the contractual obligations. <br /> <br /> There are also some plot problems. It is not very well known why Brady has tried to Doolittle for Abbott. We may think that Brady thinks Doolittle should not be involved with someone who has to care for the child and who seems relatively "right" and traditional, but on the other hand Brady can say that Doolittle does not have the same woman who Brady himself admits . Abbott feels like Doolittle, and moreover, Lennart is working hard to make sure that Brady wants to get Doolittle out of his hair and meet Lola - the Brady character seems to stop Doolittle quickly. whether it is good fit or not. It may seem like a small detail, but it is indeed about a third to a half of the plot hinge. The story also seems to be a little pulled out. Length is a problem. Anchors larger than about two hours and twenty minutes should have been reduced by at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> The above sounds like a movie too much to justify 8. I just wanted to emphasize what I see as errors because the usual wisdom in Anchor weight is much closer to the idea of ​​having no mistakes. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are definitely charismatic, alone and together. They turn to good and interesting performances. Sinatra looks and acts much younger than her real age 29? 30 during shooting. He plays an unusually naïve, virgin character that is completely different from most of the roles he would later take and is different from his public image. For Kelly, it was his breakthrough film and rightly so. His choreography is varied and impressive, as is his action. Grayson is charming, his performance is underestimated and he is just great. All this helps to overcome the shortcomings of the script and the printed stamp. <br /> <br /> And even a very interesting element that probably only arises because Sidney was able to break down on many different moods - the infamous Kelly dances with Jerry's mouse ("Tom and Jerry's celebrity") in the extended fantasy series. This is one of the first examples of combining live action and animation, and it is extremely well done and enjoyable as long as you are a fantasy fan. Fantasy sequences tend to be the best in the movie. An exceptionally matched Jerry dancing mouse has a long song and dance number, with Kelly and Grayson, where Brady represents Abbott's timing on the film when he's nervous, and he has to use acrobatic tricks to reach his physical position. he stands high on the balcony. <br /> <br /> As the film is uneven and flawed, it is very successful and fun to watch. The fans of classical musicals should definitely not miss Anchors Aweigh, nor should fans of Sinatra who get out of their character.
