This film (like Astaire's ROYAL WEDDING - which was shown last night in Turner's classic network) is famous for one of the musical sequences that has reached a place in Gene Kelly's record: as Fred Astaire dances with a shelf and later dances around the walls and ceiling of the room, this film was Gene Kelly danced in the comic series Jerry Mouse. The order is well done. It is unforgettable that Kelly speaks behind the slogan for Dean Stockwell and his peers at school pause and sets the stage for a sequence when Stockwell and others close their eyes and represent a pastoral background. Kelly is even changing the navy blue she actually carries to a white "Pomeranian" navy with blue stripes. Jerry Mouse does more than dancing with the gene. He actually talks - the first thing he did not repeat for several decades. Finally, he puts Tom Cat in his right place - Tom appears briefly as King Jerry's butcher, trying to cheer him on a plate of cheese. movie. Kelly's story of Hollywood's disappeared four days and how Kelly meets Katherine Grayson and (along with Frank Sinatra) Jose Josef's leadership at MGM's film studio, Hollywood Bowl and Iturb at home is much more involved in this unique film. Except that the two sailors do not mean any harm, this film could have been quite disturbing. <br /> <br /> Kelly has saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific and has resulted in a medal. They are both California crew members on Thursday. But script writers (for a short movie - Kelly plans to spend four days having sex with one "Lola", not seeing a good time girl in Hollywood) saddle with Gene Frank. <br /> <br /> Frank seems to be one of those idiots that appear in the film after film factories (especially music comedies) who are socially underdeveloped and need "instruction" for girls (or boys when characters are women). Frank insists that the gene help him teach how to get a girl. It is then that the policeman takes them to the headquarters to help the police with a little boy (Stockwell) who calls for the navy to join (and does not give the police their real name and address). When protesting Kelly gets this information through Stockwell, asking him some straightforward questions (which the police could not ask), they require Kelly to take the boy home to his aunt (Grayson). Kelly is still protesting with ever more complicated issues (mainly thanks to Sinatra's simple mindset of things). He doesn't see Lola's vision the next day as he sleeps late - Sinatra felt that he was sleeping so quiet that he didn't wake him. She goes back to Grayson's house because Sinatra feels she is the right woman but needs Kelly to train her for love. <br /> <br /> I think that the plot presentation may annoy the fans of ANCHORS to AWEIGH, but I find this story annoying. While Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturb singing and dancing and concert music are first-class, it is annoying that you must take ideas similar to that of Sinatra seriously. In the real world, Kelly would have beaten him at the beginning of hell to follow him at the beginning of four days - what law does he require (as Sinatra does) that somebody who saves his life should learn him so far? Such a mess always destroys me with a musical effect - if the musical number is not so good that I would forget about that mess. <br /> <br /> Iturb's pursuit is also annoying. Kelly tries to get Grayson to Sinatra when she says that Sinatra will have her meeting with Jose Iturb to listen to her singing ability. Most of the rest of the picture is done by Sinatra and Kelly to do it and keep slipping (at one point - without good reason - Grayson himself kills Kelly's attempt to get an interview with MGM with Iturb). It's just luck (that Iturb regrets for the embarrassing Grayson) that he is giving him his talent to listen. <br /> <br /> Kelly, by the way, gets to Grayson. The conscience of Sinatra that she can't help her sees Iturb is ashamed of her upset (but doesn't pull Kelly into it, strangely), and in the meantime she has accidentally come to Pamela Britton from her home in Brooklyn. And of course, without Kelly's help, Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Ah, "consistency"! Your name is not necessarily a "manuscript"!
