ANCHORS AWEIGH sees two keen young men, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), receiving a special Thursday holiday. For girls, especially Joe Lola, Joe and Brooklyn will not be able to catch up with a little interruption of the navy's mad Donald (Dean Stockwell) and his aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). Brooklyn is quickly publishing a wife to help her beat Aunt Susie. Along the way, Joe finds that he falls to his best friend. How does Brooklyn take this betrayal? And does Joe end up with Susie who loves her? <br /> <br /> For the first and second time I saw ANCHORS AWEIGH, I saw it at the same time as TOWN, Kelly / Sinatra Collaboration in 1949. Both times I felt that ANCHORS AWEIGH was a better film in terms of drawing and structure - all the dances and songs fit in the spot in an instant and they develop characters and story, not hinder them. But both times came off, feeling ON ONWN is a better film. Now that I've seen both movies for the third time, I'm still on that verdict. In some way, like film and entertainment, it's just lighter, gayer, cleaner and just * happier *. The numbers are more horrible and less inseparable, but somehow it works better than all the ANCHORS AWEIGH dances and songs. I'm not sure why this is the case. A typical argument is that the last movie is too long: almost two and a half hours is definitely the right criticism. I certainly felt that the length I saw the first two times! But it is also a film that grows for you - the more you see it, the shorter it looks and the more you appreciate the technical mastery that has been involved in doing it. And yet, nothing just hangs quite right. It would seem almost the same if the script was blotted and * every * single moment Kelly could break the dance or Sinatra dance, and it happened exactly. Nothing gave me a chance to give a musical number ... and this is probably the biggest weakness of the movie. It has 16 numbers (give or take a couple), and no matter how big the fan you are from Kelly or Sinatra, it will change one in a while. (Contrast this with, for example, ten numbers.) Maybe you feel that every song, every dance, can't be taken out of the movie without leaving it ... and that's true. But it is also because the writers had not added them first. <br /> <br /> This long preamble does not mean that there is nothing good about ANCHORS AWEIGH. Musical * is * splashy, with great songs ranging all over the world, such as duets between Kelly and Sinatra ("We hate to leave", "I asked him" and "When you knew Susie"), Sinatra's song. Makes the sunset, your charm and the best, "I love too easily") and undoubtedly Kelly is always an inventive, always breathtaking dance. It's also hard to stay with this caliber. Grayson is sweet and seems to heal every time he watches (his voice becomes stunning, not scary); Jose Iturb's role is compassionate and he does a good job; even Clarence's own Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, is cute and charming ... as close as Betty Garrett would have been without Garrett himself! Sinatra is admirable for their blue eyes and her curls and plays a suckling innocent bachelor (a role she repeats in TOWN). His singing is, as usual, simply a call to timing and formulation. His solo numbers may seem like a bit of a drag, but once you get the voice of the century, it's probably just as good to slow down the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> Geen Kelly's genius in this movie is worth its own paragraph. Third, in the billing behind Sinatra and Grayson, ANCHORS AWEIGH is really a Kelly movie. His Joe Brady is a plausible, realistic character - he is tough, the outside and ready to lie when he needs victory, but he is actually the biggest soft. Kelly does this charming, not amazing, but also gives Joe the real edge you see on the scene when Joe runs around Brooklyn in a room where her face and her breakfast room are really murderous in her hand. And * dancing * - again, the movie "too good thing breaks the effect" syndrome, as does Sinatra's song. But again, if it is Gene Kelly, who makes softshoe or knocks on the sailor's outfit or dresses up as the bandit's chief ... it may be a mistake too! All Kelly's dances are breathtaking, be it Sinatra and her 'Men Hat' dance with the syntax dance '' I Begged Her ''. La Cumparsita ”. Of course, the classic image that remained in the mind of the audience at all times would be Kelly's red, white and blue sailor dancing with Jerry Mouse's "Tom & Jerry" fame. Well-earned gold-eyed memory - it's not often that it can be said that the 1945 film has been impressed with special effects, given the saturation of today's CGI market. But Gene and Jerry still look good, Kelly always hits her places and looks exactly where she needs to look. This * would be * out that almost all the people who would be really familiar with Gene Kelly would be Kelly (COVER GIRL) and animation. This is undoubtedly the fact that this first bold, ingenious Kelly dance with Jerry has reserved a place for ANCHORS AWEIGH in film history and in the hearts of classical film blocks. But it is also remarkable as it is the first of three Kelly / Sinatra film co-productions, though quite drawn, for a few more hours of entertainment. Look at it first, then again and maybe again - it will grow for you before that! 7.5 / 10
