D.W. Griffith could have made any film he wanted after the birth of the nation with tremendous financial success; he decided to make the most technically ambitious movie "intolerance" on that date. He took risks with such innovations in film editing and form and resulted in a well-known financial train wreck. Buster Keaton doesn't take such a threat with a "three year", "intolerance" parody. This is Keaton's first full-length film (he only acted as "Saphead"). He had a back-up plan that divided the three episodes of this movie into three separate trousers that Griffith did with "intolerance". Keaton didn't have to do that. Chaplin had already had successful comedy-length comedies, so when Keaton risked it, it was completely calculated. <br /> <br /> Chaplin had already made another movie parody with "Burlesque Carmen" (1915). Keaton also seems to refer to this film. The wrestling episode of the Ancient Rome episode refers to a sword fight that becomes a wrestling game in Chaplin's movie. Also, the comic distance from the plot of both scenes is the same. What's more, Chaplin's film imitated DeMille's 'Carmen' shiny style, and Chaplin's film seemed to respect this film. Keaton does not seek radical editing, narrative structure, or monumental character in his parody, but it does seem to respect "intolerance". At least the stories do not speak in the strictest sense as in other post-'Intensity' films, such as Dreyer's "Satan's Book Pages" (Blade af Satans, 1921) and Fritz Lang's "Destiny" (Der Müde Tod, 1921)). There are jumps back and forth between episodes. <br /> <br /> When Keaton took risks, he is still in his physical, tough comedy. This is Keaton, who inadvertently does not jump in a modern episode of buildings. He was known to be convinced that the scene would not want to jump again. And not only Keaton took risks; For example, an anachronistic baseball game was quite dangerous. So, otherwise, Keaton, like Griffith, took risks with his big movie. And I think they both succeeded.
