The cinematic phenomenon observed at the end of the eighties and early nineties was the number of Oscars that physically or mentally disabled players. The first was Marlee Matlin's "Lesser God's Gods Children" in 1986, and the next ten years saw another "Best Actor" (Holly Hunter for The Piano 1994) and no less than five "Best Actresses" Awards (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for "Rain Man", Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for "My Left Foot", Al Pacino in 1992 "Woman's Fragrance", Tom Hanks in 1994 for Forrest Gump and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 "Shine" for depicting people with disabilities Matlin, a Kurt woman, is deaf, but everyone else is capable. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon made some negative comments at the time, suggesting that these prizes were given more political correctness When Jodie Foster was unable to win the "Best Actor" for "Nelli" in 1994, some people saw it as a proof of rebound against such depiction, but I think most of these awards are good. I thought that the 1992 prize should have gone to Pacino instead of Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey, but besides, I would have been with Hanks, and that was because I favored Nigel Hawthorne's performance The Madness of King George. Of course, Hawthorne played a mental illness in this film. <br /> <br /> My left leg was based on the autobiography of the Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of the thirteen children of the Dublin family. He was born with cerebral paralysis and was thought to be wrong with mental disability. He had long been capable of deliberate movement or speech, but eventually discovered that he could control one part of his body, his left leg movement (hence the title). He learned to write and draw, keeping his toe between his toes and becoming a painter and published as a writer and poet. <br /> <br /> Living in the thirties and forties, living in Dublin can be difficult and the city Jim Sheridan (Dublin itself) shows us here that it is a grim, gray, cheerful place in many ways, very different from our usual "Emerald Isle" idea . (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later collaborated with another film on Irish "Father's Name"). However, the joy and joy of their people, especially the Brown family, must be opposed. Much of Christy's success was due to support from his parents who refused to allow him to be institutionalized and always believed in the hiding of a stranded look and his siblings. We see how his brothers used him around a specially made trolley and how they helped their bricklayers build Christy in their backyard. <br /> <br /> The film can easily get into sentimentality and just ended up with another warm-hearted "triumph over the accident" movie. Because it does not come from a number of factors, mainly from excellent activity. During his career, Day-Lewis has given a number of subtle performances, but with his recent "there with blood" his best. He is never less than 100% convincing than Christie; his tortured, jerky movement and tense attempts to talk convince us that we are really looking at a disabled person, although intellectually we are aware that Day-Lewis is capable. Other exhibitions that stand out are Fiona Shaw as her mentor for Dr. Eileen Cole, Hugh O'Conor as young Christyst and Brenda Fricker for Christy (who won her "Best Supporting Actress" award). Another reason why the film escapes from sentimentality is that it does not try to make its main character more sentimental. Christy Brown had a difficult life, but she was also hard to live with and the movie gives us a "warts and all" portrait. He was a heavy drinker, gave him an unpleasant tongue and a tendency to fury. He can also be selfish and manipulate around him, and the film shows us all aspects of his character. Of course, this also shows us the positive aspects - its courage, determination and sense of humor. The behavior of Day-Lewis is not only physically convincing, because it persuades us to believe in the character of the tree, but also emotionally and intellectually convincing, because it brings out all these different facets of Christy's character. His Oscar won Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh in a very strong opposition to teeth, but it was well deserved. 8/10
