Jackie Chani's classic directional feature POLICE STORY (1985) is one of the most influential and top-the-top modern police actors ever coming out of Hong Kong. Jackie just wanted to make a movie that would include the usual kung fu, as well as harsh weapons and other "city" activities that later became very popular and typical of HK leaders like John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY mixes these two action elements and styles, and the result is as wild as it sounds. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays Chan Ka-Ha, the police who protects an important witness (Brigitte Lin) who will soon admit the powerful gangster head and his criminal activities. Jackie's girlfriend is played by young and cute Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild as she would in her later roles, such as the Heroic Trio (and sequel), Johnnie To, Corey Yuen and David Lai and the savior of Seoul. many others. The plot of land in politics is very simple, but just why this film was first made. <br /> <br /> Jackie, of course, did all the stunts of her character and hurt herself a couple of scenes, some of which are still in the movie like the end, where Jackie hits her head (near the eyes) through a very nasty looking sharp glass. The Jackie Stunt Team members also killed almost death while filming this movie. The scene where the bus stops just before Jackie, who robs the robbers through the windscreen, really went bad when the bus stopped too early and the stuntmen didn't fly when they had to. They had to drive in front of the bus with a car parked, but their flight was too short and they hit asphalt at hospital level. At the time of the final credit, these injured participants are behind the pictures and pictures, and it all seems really bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately no one was too seriously killed or injured. <br /> <br /> Action is more than abundant and imaginative, which (acting) director Chan can expect. By now, the legendary bus scene and the shopping center scene are most likely among the most forested scenes that every action film has been able to offer. Jackie always says the importance of editing (which is true) and it really shows her action scenes and their timing, which is perfect and makes movies so amazing, for example, in Hollywood's efforts. There are hardly any slower moments here, and these moments are also interesting and the movie can never be boring or hard to watch. <br /> <br /> But again, there is one negative point that I can't stand in HK's comedies, which is the comedy itself. Comedy is not particularly funny when mistakes and amateur elements in the script are not random, but because the writer wanted to add them there, without having to realize that it was a bad script and foolish dialogues. I mean those scenes like the murder attempts, when the murderer just screams and screams and makes a face and acts like a drunken clown a little nightmare, and he's murdering this girl. Such behavior is stupid and intuitive and I wouldn't want to see it in a movie that is otherwise very big in my genre. The characters also tell their thoughts, which is also a bad script sign, because these "white thoughts" are just to make things clear even for a stupid viewer and making things too simple and "white". Even if the film is comic and not so serious, such fools should not be there and cannot be forgiven too easily. <br /> <br /> POLITICAL NATURE is fast speed, full effect, balls on the walls of the adventure miracle of Hong Kong and from the moment Jackie was very sad because she was getting a bad result with the USA by producing The Protector because she didn't have the same thoughts about the film as director James Glickenhaus and therefore did not give the result Please look at the audience and Jackie and he returned to Hong Kong to make more personal and inventive films. That he certainly did and the result is as wild as it was in the 80s. This is one of the craziest action films, and it would be somewhat perfect without the mistakes mentioned. 7/10
