Jackie Chan's police story is both a genre of Honk Kong's activities and a film that focuses on Jackie Chan's career. <br /> <br /> The police story has directed a movie written / written by Chan, like all films and genres of this era, and like most of the Storys movies by the police, there is nothing to rob the script. But the film's plot is Jackie Chan, who plays a nice bachelor who is trying to blame the local gang lord. <br /> <br /> The direction of the film is nothing special and it is by no means the best guiding effort that Jackie Chan has given us that responsibility falls on the undervalued masterpiece "Wonder". But the job Jackie manages is sufficient and respectable. The highlighting of the film is accompanied by a fight against scenes. <br /> <br /> The performances of this film will also vary for Jackie, giving a very strong typical Chani guy against it, but it is not his best actor role, as seen in Sammo Hung's movie "Dragon's Heart". The other participants in the film also give the same good result as Jackie, along with Bridgete Lin, who plays his unwanted witness reasonably well, but does not show full operational capability. An extraordinary actor is Maggie Cheung as Jackies' suffering from his girlfriend and Bill Tung as a sympathetic and funny police commander. No play of this film is low enough to affect the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> The action in the movie is what really separates this movie from others with stunning contemporary choreography to suit the urbanized, contemporary situation. Action is some of the biggest fighting scenes ever put on the camera. First of all, there is a blast on the slum, where Koo (ganglord) is dealing with drugs, but not John Woo's style sequence, it works as a nice beginner to the movie. Then follows the famous car that runs on the hill and through the slum of the heart that destroys everything in sight. This is a breathtaking sequence that has been shamelessly copied since then in Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the movie, there is another standout, as Jackie tries to transport Bridgete Lin from her house. This is really the first scene where we can see the awesome fast pace of manual combat, which has since become the norm for all modern martial arts films. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, timed and evenly edited to increase the brutality of the scene. But as tradition says, there is a standout fight at the end of the movie. This sequence shows some of Chans' best choreographies, tricks and camera / editing works. This sequence is now famous for two things, the number of people sending high-density glass to be said about the phenomenal amount of people, and the stunt at the end where Jackie jumps from the fifth-floor balcony grabs the mast and slips through the glass roof (to be believed). Although these two factors are uniquely brilliant, I think the most impressive part of this fighting event is the ability of Chans to incorporate something into the sequence of chores and choreography into the originality that has never improved for me. I also believe that the police story is one of the best filmed and edited Chans career activities that will help to separate the action from others. <br /> <br /> Generally speaking, the police story, despite its remarkable story and script and overcrowding in the middle of the plot, is one of the best action films of all time, showing Chans' best choreography, best filmed activities and allegedly his most remarkable stunt , which makes it a major viewing for everyone. After that, we look at Chani's movie!
