Despite its content, Shakespeare Behind Bars was a stunningly uplifting documentary. Kill Luther Lucket in a correctional complex in LaGrange, Kentucky, who has raped, murdered, etc.? In a potentially depressing environment surrounded by bad people, they find something they truly enjoy and can become important, popular and marked by action. Shawshank Redemption has parallel themes with their institutionalized nature and the search for forgiveness and redemption for their earlier lives. If we follow a generous director who gives up every year to direct certain prisoners every year to William Shakespeare's chosen game (this time, "The Tempest", which was cleverly depicted with prisoners who might be involved) so much that it focuses on forgiveness and to the redemption they trust and associate with) we introduce each participant in formal interviews that are nicely complained about when they are printed. Every actor has their own story and talks about their regret and the reasons why they are emotionally engaged in melancholic music in the traditional documentary sense. A stronger and respectful detainee (seems) is Sammie. It seems that the director immediately realizes who the most interesting prisoners were Sammie (and later Hal) and allow a longer, deeper look at the man and his personality. His presence is felt on the screen and his personal revelations come to the public as a shock, but give him such a complaint in his emotional personality and seems to him some empathy. Hal is the same at the beginning of the movie. He has other things he does to deliver the time shown as a comfortable hobby, as was the case with the on-site news program. Again, through personal interviews and revelations that Hal himself admitted (and nicely photographing Hali's body language, not the close-ups of his unsteady hand movement not only with him but also by others), especially his heart felt the uncertainty and fear of his true sexuality in a society that does not accept him as homosexual only in a later film, where he has shown that it is rather slippery and rude to other inmates involved in the game, as if he were himself, especially Ron, who is already frustrating in his behavior. Relationships between all inmates involved in the game have been shown to be respectful and united to achieve something great. Nice (if not cliché) with time to move, etc. it all seems to go right in the first law, and then in building up the public, things are predictably wrong. Replacing one transferred participant and his character with a younger, younger prisoner gives the narrative a nice sub-block of someone who promises great, but eventually disappears and doesn't meet their expectations. Particularly one inmate (Big-G) welcomes the new imprisoned actor (Rick), who has the obvious will to cultivate him in his beloved practice and hopefully set a good example. The film seems to catch every imprisonment so well that the audience can communicate especially when Rick is put in a "Hole" to get a new tattoo (something pleasantly referred to earlier by the film when the manager stops a random detainee yard) and asks him if he got a tattoo that is in his hand and we learn that this is a punishable offense in the facility) and Big-G's disappointment is deeply understood. Happy End? Everything seems to be good if they are successful (even if they are invited to perform elsewhere) and there is real unity around them, but in the end the movie brings everything back to earth, that it is short and all they ever had. or wanted to be and always taken away from them. It is back to prison to pay for their crimes, and no matter what salvation they are trying to make in their games, they are not free men, their pride and recognition are undermined by the fact that they are the lowest criminals and a nice stay in the uplifting music that plays the long corridor in the picture, that coincides with turning off the lights and closing the doors is a powerful picture of their oppression. The director seemed to be aware that he was watching the people in the documentary, giving more information to each participant at the end of the film about the end of the film about where they are and what is happening with them.
