Such films and C.R. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are some other notable American films with depth and sincerity like this film, The Bubble. This film focuses on two men: Noam and Ashwar, Israeli and Palestine. Their relationship is aggravated by the tension between the Jews and the Arabs of Israel. Couples, at an early stage of their relationship, are fighting for someone who calls the next person or who first say "I Love You". Noam and Ashwar's early love is complicated by suicide attacks, armed security checkpoints, and racism. Although Noah's friends accept, and as Arabic, an Arabic language, it is clear that most of Tel Aviv's citizens may not. <br /> <br /> One of the most touching moments in this movie is much as Noam and Ashwar are involved in "Bent" production. We, the film's visitors, see them watching this game and their influence on the two is deeply caught in their eyes. Ultimately, this moving moment in the final of the movie is very sad. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are outstanding as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is great to create Shakespeare's classic Romeo and Julia for sure and interesting retelling. And while most movies today have sex (almost like sports), it goes back to old tried and true sex with love and passion. It's so refreshing. Also refreshing sees that two gay men are portrayed as people and not cartoons. There are cartoons in this movie. It just doesn't happen that these are two gay boys. Somewhere on this site I think I read the comparison between this movie and friends. Well, not really. Yes, they are youthful characters who stumble upon their first turbulent step in adulthood and relationships. But I can't remember being able to "break" fools in the "Friends" background. <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. It has a heart and a heartache. And like all good love stories, love also wins. But not in the full glory of complete flowering. However, this is a very satisfying film.
