This film is a complete picture of Rome and Julia in Tel Aviv and Nablus. Lovers are one of Tel Aviv and other Nablus. There is a border between them and there is a constant warfare between the Israeli army and Palestinian soldiers everywhere else with bombs. The situation is grim enough. We can imagine love in this tremendous unbelievable trap. But the film goes several years beyond the light, imagining that two lovers are gay, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf Nablus. Gay is approved in Tel Aviv. It is out of bounds in Nablus. The conflicts between the two peoples, the two communities, doubles with the conflict between two cultures, two ethics. But it can even be viable if war does not lead to any extra dimension. Ashraf's sister is going to marry a military activist in Nablus. Finally, Ashraf tells his sister that he is gay. He can't accept it, but he agrees to talk about it later. The wedding itself is sent by a newly married husband to Tel Aviv to create a bomb attack. It takes place in the Tel Aviv café and one of Noam's friends is seriously wounded. Enough bad. The Isareli army sends a command to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for this attack, but it becomes sour and the newly married woman is dead on the street. Funerals follow the wedding. Man and widow volunteers attack suicide bomb. Ashraf optional. The expelled lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill some people to get his sister. He arrives at the canteen, led by some Noam friends. But Noam sees him and comes out to talk to him. Ashraf has moved to the middle of the street and explodes his bomb when Noam reaches him on the street. Revenge combines two lovers of death. So we have a double conflict, but we don't have the Prince of Verona, the neutral character that can put peace, or worse, the prince has chosen parties and on the side of Israel. The game is completely wrong and death is on both sides. The dimension of impossible love is, however, the stronger that it is doubled in the film game, a game showing love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one with a yellow star and the other with a pink triangle. It's so amazingly strong and amazingly shocking: gay love in Auschwitz. The film shows that love is impossible in Tel Aviv or Nablus. The film is therefore a denunciation of the Palestinian conflict, which cannot only be continued, although it has no reason to even exist, although it has thousands of reasons to continue. We should never let Britain deal with this area long ago. Today we have to find a solution where no one is humiliated. It will only succeed if everyone comes together to find a lasting solution. But so far, everyone is trying to avoid this general confrontation and debate that prefers bilateral manipulation. So suffering goes on and love is forbidden, of course not sex, because children are needed to continue the war: so we are getting more and more little soldiers. But love is simply a terrestrial concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
