It is difficult for Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films to describe the Middle East life and the difficulties that homosexuals have in these areas. He also gave voice to the younger generations and to their prominent part who really need PEACE and who no longer want to know about war, which for too long marked the existence of people in both Israel and Palestine. . These reasons are, in my opinion, sufficient to consider Fox's remarkable director, even if his feeling of melodrama is out of control. But the fans of his films (which he understood with the team, Gal Uchovsky, his producer, co-screenwriter and his partner) seem to be not disturbed because his new feature, BUBBLE (HA-BUAH), owns the previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK THE THE WATER SUCCESSFUL. Announced as a modern version of gayo "Romeo and Juliet", which was placed today instead of Verona in Tel Aviv and instead of two young love of two Shakespeare (one Israeli and another Palestinian), the film actually differs from it, or better, it is also something else. In fact, the headline is a world where the leading man Noam, played by Fox regularly with Ohad Knoller (Yossi YOSSI and JAGGER, but I have to admit I miss Jagger, surprising Yehuda Levi!) And his two co-owners, man and girl, decided to live. About thirty years old, restless, witty and confident (despite the fact that the protagonist spent only one time as a state service at a control station on the Palestinian border) to live a life that is not just military. Two men are gay and together with the girl they have created a trio where they love and support each other. Their lives are supposed to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (the TV star Yousef 'Joe' Sweides) who came to live in Tel Aviv. The laws that have been in place between the groups have been neglected, but not one friend. Nevertheless, Noam and his friends are not easy, because Ashraf is secret in Israel and in the meantime a Palestinian family who does not know he is gay is very beautiful with his wedding. a girl who is a relative of Ashraf's beloved brother-in-law who is also a terrorist and has a strong responsibility for plot development, the consequences of which are not just for two men. Because prejudices against homosexuality and peace (interesting dualism, if not automatic) are stubborn and so the tragedy is inevitable. Even if the film focuses on obstacles, the relationship between Noam and Ashraf does not match, it does not neglect the other signs that are well-written (for example, Golan, Yell's boyfriend, Noam's co-owner) smelled and disclosed as sweeter and more open) and aptly (in addition to the two leaders not we should not neglect the funny Zohar Liba and the lovely girl Daniela Virtzer; LATE MARRIAGE's star Lior Ashkenazi will appear herself in a squirrel). It also wonders gloomy shades with brighter shades, even if the director does not get a melodramatic conclusion. I watched this movie more than a month ago and in the meantime I thought about it, proving that Fox and his palm have the chance to get home.
