Since the creation of literature, the accounts of unhappy love have been fascinated and easily touched by people of all nationalities. Even more exciting has always been the stories of love, the love that cannot be. The latest movie by The Israeli filmmaker Eytan Fox is The Bubble. And then it is not. The title of the film refers to a bubble that is Tel Aviv, which is Israel in the background of political reality. The state's cosmopolitan and unofficial capital has a lot in common with the city of Palestine on the Nablus, which is also in the film. It does not have much to do with the tense and hateful atmosphere of the Palestinian checkpoints. In fact, it doesn't seem to have anything in common with it. The Tel-Aviv bubble gives people a lifestyle that is no different from what you can expect in a Western city. Teenage girls looking for Britney Spears documents, a lifestyle magazine editor who is looking for a sexy cover for her next edition, trendy people sitting in trendy cafes, talking about trendy things about cappuccino cups and other trendy drinks while home-based people watch Pop Idol Local Edition. mind is a false sense of reality. <br /> <br /> The film evolves around the lives of three young Israelis sharing the apartment and mostly trying to get out of politics. Yelli, Orna & Ella camp owner and manager, the hip cafe rarely leaves the city and prefers not to think about the mess around them. Noam, the son of a soft and easily avant-garde shop, seems to be the same unwanted long political debate and reflection. On the other hand, Lulu, the only woman in the lot, is associated with the left of Israel, although her political activity seems to be limited to the occupation. “Yell and Noam are, of course, not against their participation. his political friends make t-shirts with the rave logo, post the banners and give adverts in the neighborhood whose main concern seems to be that there are never real Palestinians and that the police can come and ruin everything the closest they go to real confrontation is then when they find themselves with some non-Palestinian friendly locals who are trying to prevent their prescribing, in other words, the predicted products of the bubbles. "The scenes that open the film lead us to the checkpoint Nabus, where we find Noam's mandatory duty Before the entry of Israel, the Palestinian group, including a pregnant woman who suddenly goes to work and gives birth to an unborn child, is thoroughly checked, despite the best efforts of Noam and the doctor who finally arrives at the ambulance. with the latter, which probably fell at the border during the interruption. His name is Ashraf, he is Palestinian and he's gay. And he hasn't just come back to ID, he's come to see Noah. Without permission to live in Israel and despite the initial hesitation of Noah's firm associates, he remains. Soon he will get the Jewish name and work in Yell's cafe. Since he has grown up in Hebrew in Jerusalem, he has no Arab accent that allows him and his newly found friends to hide their identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But it can't last. Because he has become part of an equation that was never intended. <br /> <br /> At one point, Noam and Ashraf in the Nazi concentration camp are watching two prisoners with a love relationship that can never become physical or visible to the surrounding guards. They find how to be with another level, metaphysical, at a level where no one else can escape. This is also where our couple arrives eventually. And it wouldn't have been much different for them, not in today's Israel. <br /> <br />? Bubble is a political statement of a bubble that breaks when faced with the present-day Israeli political reality of a beautiful and uncomfortable love story that encompasses Israel and the Palestinian, an impossible love gap in a divided world that lacks things like compromise or other colors than black and white. "Bubble" is also a beautiful film of people, gay and straight, living in this strange city of Tel Aviv, shown to the people who really care about them. The film's premise may have its drawbacks and a deadly chain of events may seem somewhat interpreted, but its strong message and emotional impact will not leave you intact.
