The Israeli / Palestinian conflict persists, and the world may be aware of the division between the two nations, but few have a clue as to what the other aspect of division is - a group of people who want peace and work to eliminate separation. Eytan Fox, THE BUBBLE ("Ha-Buah"), has created a much needed alternative from the point of view of choosing a story that includes some subtle humor, a lot of love and a taste of brutal reality. This is the window of the situation that creates understanding. <br /> <br /> Tel Aviv has three close friends: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very "out-of-the-box" young man working in a popular café; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a nice, somewhat shy companion who, in addition to his day at the music store, is a member of the national army and therefore spends his free time at the city's watch points. It's one of those watchful weekends that he meets with a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) and there is a mutual attraction. Three friends decide to "stop" the illegally staying Ashraf (whom they called with the name of Israel) and Ashraf and Noam are in love, Yali hires at Ashraf in his cafe, and both Yali and Lulu continue to find the love interests, too. Everything goes well until Ashraf returns home to his sister's wedding. Although Ashraf has been able to openly talk to Noam in Tel Aviv, life in Jerusalem is very different: Ashraf is told that he must marry his sister's groom-sister. In an attempt to save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu hide themselves as French journalists to gain access to Ashraf. Probably from the point of isolation, Noam and Ashraf were discovered that the groom was able to kiss, and this law causes blackmail so that Ashraf remains in the "closet". <br /> <br /> While Tel Aviv's youngsters dance at an event to draw attention to peaceful coexistence, the attack is taking place in Jerusalem - one that has serious consequences not only right now, but Ashraf must now assume a revenge mission. The end is tragic at many levels and it highlights the seriousness of the problem of these two countries. <br /> <br /> The actor is so natural that both the comic and the tragic aspects of the audience believe in the most beautiful young people. The story strikes the right balance between a serious and easy face, and that is the balance that makes Eytan Fox such a beautiful writer / director. More and more people should watch this important and very good movie. Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Grady Harp
