I am on vacation in Israel this summer and saw this incredible movie. A little warning before I start writing: I'm fluent in Hebrew and hebrew is not a problem; but about a quarter (a little less) of the movie is in Arabic, and I couldn't understand some of the subtitles. It didn't diminish my understanding of the movie, but made me miss some jokes that made some strong laughs in the theater. <br /> <br /> One year after the American cinema, which many considered to be one of the biggest years of homosexual cinema and relationships, it takes something really special to head and shoulders over; Yet, "The Bubble" surpasses all others with an excellent exhibition, spiritual dialogue and an appropriate political climate. <br /> <br /> The film opens at the Israeli-Palestinian border checkpoint; The first moments are not sure what kind of movie we've been in. But this is an important element of the strength of this film. The political situation and extreme tensions in the air are constantly in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv is a feature of its film. This is constantly referred to. Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged. Skyline and the development of the city are critically tough and eventually the city is developing with the film. The film focuses on the love of Noam (Ohad Knoller) and Palestinian migrant Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) in Tel Aviv and Palestine as a continuous foil. We always know that their relationship is forbidden and it rarely causes the cinema to be hurried. Love is incredibly strong and stands at the heart of the film. Secondary relationships and friendships are equally strong: the amazing restaurant owner Yelli (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) 's relationship with ultra - meat and grapefruit Golan (Zohar Liba) is a particular source of entertainment. In this movie, the much-loved scenes are all fine, fine works of art and cinematography are amazing: in the first scene of the movie, the camera puts a male character, giving oral sex to Lule (Daniela Virtzer) and dissolves into a shock to Noam and Ashraf. The hitting that many others have done will make the viewer realize that all these relationships are expressions of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> To give it more, it would be a tragedy, but I know there is a lot of political tension and tragedy about the current political climate in the world, so I will focus on dialogue with the spirit. Even if I watch this movie in my second language, I couldn't laugh. Particularly fun lines include the question of whether gay suicide attacks by gay men or men in the sky, and Sampson's analogy with the Bible as the world's first suicide bomber. This dialogue shows a sense of purity and reality that is rarely seen in the cinema. The music used in the film is also extremely powerful. The music is only used when the characters can be legally heard or should be heard, and in one scene the music is weakened if the character removes one headset and stops when the other removes. Such small elements really raise the film. <br /> <br /> I could no longer recommend the film; it is a great cinema that is both catharic and extremely well designed.
