This first part of Crispin Glover's personal magnum opulence asks you to think a bit and so you can't recommend it to any viewer who doesn't want to sit or puzzle over Glover shapes or follow a surprisingly simple one? his narrative thread. For a more casual viewer, yes, it has probably come out as a confusing, surprising and disturbing imagination for the sake of image. <br /> <br /> You feel that Glover does not mind this, and he listens almost as well to hate the movie, why they enjoyed it. Glover's innate eagerness for and about his work, and how the audience interprets it, is well known not only through the film, but also through unusual questions and response sessions that he often shows; he clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has presented. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and unleash a movie is to mark this Dada or Nihi, a youth attack on the modern film industry from an actor who has worked both inside and outside. But there is a reason why Glover performs his slideshow before showing his movie, and it's not just selling books; his books equalize and create a narrative of the images and texts that Glover gathered and what is it? similar to Western culture images. <br /> <br /> What is it? is a pleasant and delightful film that is hardly expected during the viewing. Much has already been done about the use of Glover by participants in Downs Syndrome, and this is indeed one of the most striking aspects of the film. So it seems that many seem to interpret it as a far-reaching crusade to see a more realistic and / or dignified image of people with disabilities in film and television? people with disabilities. But this is not the case, and perhaps it is part of what makes this film uncomfortable for many: the underlying agenda is not political or anger, but one that looks beyond the mainstream culture. This is not a Down syndrome, but it is a film that belongs to Down syndrome participants. <br /> <br /> I am such a person who is completely gung-ho to be the ugliness and strangeness depicted so harshly that it is beautiful; happily for me, it's pretty much exactly how it is? presents viewers. Glover partly uses snail, death, and disability images because he wants his audience to feel uncomfortable in either the strange part of the images or the visceral reaction associated with the anthropomorphised snail's deadly shepherds. Somehow, what are the wonderfully convincing (and sometimes totally grotesque) elements, what is it? remind me of the work of painter Francis Bacon? he's notorious popes, yes, and strange distortions of the human phenomenon, which inevitably make the viewers shame and want to look. Like Bacon's paintings, does Glover's film succeed in being rich and humble, grainy, polished, chaotic and well-realized? and the contradictions will make it even more troublesome. But it is still not a very serious film, which largely succeeds in deviating from the most obvious pitfalls of using humor, which is largely due to the use (and juxtaposition) of familiar objects, pictures and names. popular culture. And when is it? is funny, it's very funny. <br /> <br /> What is it? is an impressive first film about Glover as a director and writer, and her performance as an actor in the film does not prove to be almost disturbing, which can be expected. It's like an observer in a dream that's not really good or bad, but just weird? and it leaves you a little bit awake. If this is the art you enjoy, what is it? is likely to exceed your expectations and it is worth the effort in the theater with Big Slide Show and Glover. All in all, this is an experience you will probably not forget soon.
