The origin of this film is a mystery to me because I only know as much as IMDB did before I rented it. I assume that before "Starship Troopers", "Killshot" was one of the countless failed pilots who never did it on the net, cable or any other way. The new title "Kill Shot" is comically cast into the opening queue, which is the first of many quick hints it was never intended for the cinema. Quick cut, Melrose Place music and short 2-second close-up main players will let you know what you are. <br /> <br /> And I don't mind everything. I rented this movie, looking at repackaging, which puts Casper Van Dien and Denise Richards on the volleyball cover to make it funny to see them in a movie after the Starship Troopers SciFi travesty (a great book, in my opinion, not that hot movie - but it's still one review). After you searched for it in IMDB, I thought my roommate and I, that the pilot was pulled after the obvious success of the Troop and Richards career (see Bond-Girl and Wild Things). They threw a sex game that contained a juvenile character to reach the enviable R-Class, coveted in the Video Rental sections. In any case, they would have had to ignore it when you try to sell it in the partition / softcore porn section. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's fun. I hate you letting you lure it to be a TV pilot. It was the biggest draw during watching it - if you expect movie and TV shows, the differences between them become clearer than usual. No. Do I watch this TV show? Why not - it's better than Baywatch. And their small attempts to capture all demographics would have been good by the mid-1990s. Token black guy (who is gay to avoid inter-racial TV TV taboo), token Asian (Japanese, I assume the name Koji) is more conscious and computer sensitive than women, beautiful, intelligent Latina pre-med student who has everything what goes for him, except for his family bank account - this exhibition would probably have been ok. <br /> <br /> But when the movie just breaks. 10 of what it was and what it was forced to change. It made a very enjoyable evening and that's all I ask for rent.
