What more can be said? The Americans hated it completely, because the US cut was so bad, though it could detect its good will. <br /> <br /> Talking about the US theater release (with the recently released Blu-ray Disc version) it's faster and denser than HK cut, background music changed from dark, gloomy HK music to Hip-hop music; and there were many terrible scenes. Although dubbing was a significant work, they tried to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. The problem, however, is the Hak Hap (black mask), which was designed and designed to be dark, gloomy, extremely disturbing and completely harsh. Unfortunately, the US press just created the desired shell that completely changed the movie's undertones (HK release year was 18+) to be even more comical and amateur. <br /> <br /> We are now talking about releasing the original HK. This film is like a hidden pearl, a prototype for the whole "matrix" tide and era. Fighting scenes are absolutely awesome even the camera works were a bit of "old school" among HK movies. But the film's style was a unique mix of Kungfu and pop culture. With all the skin, black costumes and decorations, this film has a black mask masking superhero who works from international super-soldiers led by a punk heavy metal rock boss. Yes, it seems to have slowed the child's imagination, but it works. It is so impressive that the whole movie will give you nightmares that are aliens who fight bleeding from the skin cover. In 2002, they made a ranking with a rating of PG-13, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was because Li and Liu were the main characters of the film and had strong personalities and interesting friendship. And did I happen to Francois Yip? His round house hit was completely cool, even colder than the villain boss, because he didn't use stuntman for all the struggles. Did I mention he was hot too? Anyway, there are many nice things about the movie. <br /> <br /> But the film had many problems. First of all, this is a mediocre script that has been made at its best potential, which means that this team deserves a better screensaver. There are many tops in the entire 100 minutes, but they often felt that they were drawn far and did not fully understand the audience (the US version was even worse because all character developments were cut). Anyway, you can't ask too much for a cartoon inspired action film. This film is also totally inappropriate for children. I do not recommend it to you if you are under 20 years old. It is saturated with disturbing content, including blood, gore, sado-maso costumes, extreme brutal violence and so on. With the style of the film, it can be called a wet dream for fans of heavy metals and fans of rock music. (The US section was softer, but if you want to see it, see HK's release of what it is.) 7/10. Status: inspirational, hidden, underestimated, adult.
