In 1999, Straight Story was praised for being David Lynch's first film ignoring his usual themes and surreal themes. Based on the true story of one person and his journey to visit his stranger brother on the John Deere '66 mower, it was a strange story for Lynch at first glance. But as the story evolves, you'll see some of the Lynch trademark motifs that come through. but the most remarkable difference is that strangeness is limited. The restrictions imposed mean that the film has a remarkable recognition to be one of the few live movies I think is G-rating. This film is incredibly important, showing that it is possible to make beautiful and important family films. The Straight Story was the first feature that Lynch led, where he didn't write. For many Lynch devotees, this was a big negative point. Almost universally recognized, the only too negative review of James Brundage's filmcritic.com focused on this very criticism that it was not a typical Lynch film. "Lynch fights for a G-Rated story that is not his own." Brundage argues that his main character, Alvin Straight, "quotes directly from Confucious." He says the story is weak and the dialogue is even worse. However, this is the only criticism many read on the film. Although it is true that it is not Lynch Eraserhead, the lost road or Mulholland Drive - all the films I adore, Straight Story has a different side to Lynch, which is not terrible. If you are a Lynch fan, it is most important to separate this Lynch side with this feature. <br /> <br /> Talking is slow and thoughtful, giving you a real idea of ​​the main character's thoughts when traveling to his destination. Alvin is constantly reminded of his past and relations with his wife, children and his brother. It is particularly important that there are no setbacks that only add to the effect that reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion comes as watching a boat being transported from a slow-sloping river, and it is beautiful to look at. US natural landscapes are emphasized and Angelo Badalament's beautiful soundtrack makes me want to go to America. The performances are excellent as well as every actor believing in their role and Richard Farnsworth is especially good. His Oscar candidate was very deserved and it was a shame he didn't win. Regardless, this is probably the best swan song for every actor. <br /> <br /> Although Straight Story does not include any of Lynch's sophisticated narrative or trademark dialogue, the film is an exciting way of learning about aging and is highly recommended!
