Who would have thought that a movie about a man driving a few hundred miles to his lawn mower to see his brother could be a good cinema? I certainly didn't. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences in my life. Well, I was so wrong, as I have not been too often mistaken, because it is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood movies I've ever seen ... <br /> <br /> Short not very difficult. It is about an old and stubborn man who moves to his lawn mower and goes to another country to pay for his brother's visit when he hears the man has been difficult. It is special in itself, but what makes it even more special is that it hasn't seen its brother for ten years because of some foolish arguments. In the meantime, she has a role in bad accidents and problems, but she also meets many people whose lives in one way or another affect her philosophical approach to life. Notwithstanding all the difficulties he is going to have for a week, he doesn't know if he will achieve his goal: see your brother again before it's too late ... <br /> <br /> I just understand why there are people who don't do like this movie and this is why I don't say that these people have no such heart or such things ... This movie hasn't got any glowing action, it's as slow as the lawnmower drives and no, you don't you have to watch it for a nice soundtrack too, because there is none. But why should you look at it? Well, the simple answer is the story. I have not seen such a powerful film about this very often, and the fact that it really comes from Hollywood and - to make things even better - Disney Studio (that's right, the same studios that kill us with the sweetness of sugar). nonsense) makes it even more special. I am not ashamed to admit that I had tears a few times while looking at the eyes, probably because the whole situation that nobody had seen for some years because of foolish arguments is too realistic for me. Some people say the story is very low, but I really disagree. Perhaps this is because they only see the old man who drives his lawnmower and doesn't want to think any more. If you look close enough when you realize that this man does all this, because he knows he has ever done wrong, only his pride stood in the way of seeing his brother again and he wants others to see it, they don't make the same mistake. If it's not deep enough, how much deeper should the story go to you? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that this movie was really all. Some beautiful landscapes (finally an American film that shows something other than the silhouette of New York, Chicago or some other big city), some very fine ways of acting Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek ... and a very straightforward way of speaking nevertheless. this is David Lynch's movie. I know now that I was completely wrong, assuming that this movie is not my taste. This is one of the best films I've seen for a long time. This movie was in my heart and hit the bull's eye. I'll give her the complete 10/10.
