Just when it was easy to assume that the royalties costume drama can't go anywhere, we are given a petting, moving and intelligent drama, confirmed by Emily Blunt's strong and charismatic performances, the wonderful leadership role of Paul Bettany, Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong as an immediate force that helps shape the development of one of England's most powerful monarchs. "Young Victoria" dramatizes the young woman's angry transition to power. Emily plays a king who has a good combination of raw material and innocence, someone who admits the complexity of this task. but have enough progress to move forward. She is capable of depicting Victoria because she is a smart young woman who knows she needs support from some key people and must be able to stand up against those who may now have their interests. <br /> <br /> Victoria must repel the intrusion of the invasion into the crown, and even if she leads her new position, she discovers that the path to independence depends on making very important decisions and, of course, on the right support. Fortunately for Victoria, Albert, the man who seems to be pleasing to him and his soul mate. There are amazing chemistry between the two performers, and there is little doubt about the outcome, but there is Bettany's prime minister, a man who gives Victoria some wise help and has loved him. <br /> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supportive roles as two parties that can be questionable in nature and exert considerable power on a young man. Any supportive character can use a little more development, but what we see on the screen can be enough to keep us focused on Blunt, an actor who has shown enough fire and passion for previous performances. Here he has been given his career attack, a real historical figure of life, who violated the rules and managed for a very long time. He shows the strength and character that the monarch might have needed in his later years. He also has the sweetness and innocence that underlies his charity work and in the future to intervene in social change. <br /> <br /> "Young Victoria" is not a royal epic image of England's ruling class. It is an intimate story of how people grow and what special circumstances surround and shape them. Finally, the film is a beautiful entry in a year that has shown great emphasis on war and destruction. Here is the message that good writing and good mediation can lead us very far and, of course, a good old-fashioned love story.
