Who knew? Dowdy Queen Victoria, a hero monarch who, 40 years after her husband's death, was a virtual party in her younger days, actually bringing life to drama and intrigue. "Young Victoria" not only crowns the young queen's romance with her husband, but also does a good job of clarifying the political machinations of her throne. <br /> <br /> Law I 'will put you right now. After the death of Victoria's father, Duke of Kent, in 1820, less than a year after the birth of Victoria, the Duchy of Kent finally merged with former military officer John Conroy, who offered his services to the widow and queen of her infant. to be. Conroy emphasized that Victoria should be raised under the formidable "Kensington system", rules designed to prevent future queen exposure of other children during their growth. Moreover, Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's bedroom every day until she was a queen. <br /> <br /> The film explains that in 1830 the European Parliament adopted a regulatory law that showed that Victoria's mother would become a regent (and therefore a Guardian) when Victoria joined the throne, but still a minor. During this time, the Duchy and Conroy tried to scare the unhappy princess and demanded that she sign the papers that Conroy had her private secretary and treasurer. Strongly wanted Victoria would not be one of them and refused Conroy and his mother with unpleasant plans. The Queen did not like King William when he regarded him as a philanthropist who brought disrespect to Monarchy; The king felt that the Duchy had considered his wife to be bad. As a result, the Duchy tried to limit Victoria's contact with the King. In the upper scene, which seemed to have really happened in history, the king blamed his birthday for the Duchy, noting that his goal was to survive until Victoria reached his 18th birthday so his mother would not become a regent. <br /> <br /> King William kept his word and died shortly after Victoria was able to join the throne. Victoria took Conroy's support for her mother, whom she blamed for her childhood. They were both excluded from the separated apartment in Buckingham Palace and Victoria had been very unhappy with her mother for several years. <br /> <br /> Young Victoria is thrilling and thrilling and surrounds Victoria's crowning queen. A good part of the film is about Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, the prime minister of the Whig Party, who, unfortunately, is as young as he actually was in the film. At first, Melbourne's young queen gets trust and they become good friends. In the early years of his reign he sees Melbourne as progressive, but later he loses some respect because he has shown that he is a typical politician, hiding his contempt for the masses he should win. In fact, Melbourne was the father of Victoria, but the film suggests some kind of sexual tension between Prime Minister and Prince Albert as if they were romantic rivals. <br /> <br /> The plot will thicken when Melbourne is forced out and the queen will be commissioned by the commission's prime minister to conservative tory party Sir Robert Peel. The film crowns "The Bedchamber Crisis", where Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her Bedchamber women with Tory politicians. The film omits one more scandal involving one of the Lady-in-Lady Hastings of the Duchy, accused and conceived by John Conroy. Thanks to his hatred of Conroy, Victoria helped spread the unpleasant rumors about Hastings' alleged pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings only appeared to be a pregnant woman she was actually a stomach tumor. Victoria's inexperience shows the Bedchamber during the crisis, but movie scenarios ignore some of the more unpleasant aspects of their character, as evidenced by the Hastings Affair. <br /> <br /> The rest of The Young Victoria is engaged - of course - between the Queen of Romance and Prince Albert. Victoria was expecting Albert to wait, as the film explains, because he wanted himself to be a new sovereign. They spent a lot of time with each other until Albert returned to England and gave Victoria support during the Bedchamber crisis. <br /> <br /> I think Prince Albert and Prince Philip have many parallels. , the current Queen's wife. When Philip is mainly Danish, he went to school in Germany and had laws with a German background. Both Albert and Philip were in court to reform their business etiquette (there is a great scene where Albert discovers that the servants are still setting the table for King George III, even though he was dead for years!). Albert's struggle was the same as that of Philips as monarchs, they had to find something to do. Both Albert and Philip participated in various civic projects and proved that they do not have to live in the shadow of their increasingly popular women. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, there is a great scene at the end of the movie. where Albert embodies Victoria with what he perceives as his "intervention" in his affairs. Albert doesn't want another "Bedchamber Crisis", so he goes over his wife's head and organizes a compromise with Victoria's bedroom furniture. Victoria hardly talks to Albert when the killer balls almost cut both (Albert is in the hand, but it never happened!). <br /> <br /> The film's performances are evenly excellent, especially by directors, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. Young Victoria ends quite sharply, and the closing credits go too much towards hagraphy (not mentioning Victoria's death after Albert's death). But Victoria is still an interesting drama and fascinating history.
