Queen Victoria's misfortune is to be defined as a historical indicator of her relationship with men. In short, after he got to the throne, he received his prime minister, Lord Melbourne, so he became known as "Mrs. Melbourne". After the death of his beloved husband Albert, he was named "Widow in Windsor" and years later he became a long friend of his Scottish ghillie John Brown with the nickname "Mr Brown". in patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different, and "Young Victoria" is in some way straightening the record, depicting the king as an intelligent and independent young woman who is aware of inequality in her society and in court. Courts have always been warm to warm jealousy, drawing and repelling, naked ambitions and sometimes full murder. As an 18-year-old innocent, Victoria rose to her uncle's throne, starting with a positive orgy and a struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and her rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne, like the Man of the Old Public School, cuts his fine silver cynicism and his well polished gems. It is hardly surprising that the young queen finds herself frightening, and maybe somewhat in love, with the reverence she uses mercilessly in pulling a fine line between interrupting the line and seductive attempts by forcing her policy against Victoria's better decision. Prince Albert, the king of Belgium's Leopold mission, who wants a political approach from Britain and the rest of Europe, will take to the arena. First of all, he reluctantly loves the defendant, he falls in love with the Queen of English and rejects the influence of politicians and judges. "Noor Victoria" is a beautifully captured, brilliantly scanned and very rich film. I note that in some quarters this sumptuousness has been criticized as if the 19th century English spectacle film had shown to India and its emperor. a family who lives in a dirty dirty office ........ I don't think so. I have to stand out for the remarkable Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminded me of the young princess Margaret. He has a clear central role and has no problem dominating the film, despite the strong performance of Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet, Walter, all immeasurably experienced. The music is suitably regal and forms an integral part of the whole film without being in any way intrusive. The fact that Britann flourished more with his two great queen Elizabeth First and Victoria than at any other time is that feminists could do more, but I suspect, like Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, really powerful women who feel uncomfortable. You can find out why there may be a doctorate. in it.
