What more can be said? I'm not fascinated by this young actor, because Cate Blanchett burst over a decade ago. And while both Blanchett and Blunt have now played Queens (it seems to be actors and upcoming actors), the roles are full polar opposites. <br /> <br /> Simply put, if you're looking for high passion, compelling drama, and Machiavellia intrigue, it's not your movie. This does not mean that the script or direction would have been bad, but that the theme of the film did not lead to too dramatic life compared to other remarkable kings such as Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II and Elainor of Acquitane. These are people whose lives were such things as good soap operas, whose policies and decisions changed the course of British and, most of all, world history. Victoria, on the other hand, rose to the throne without incident, almost ruled by a nation that quickly became a global force due to the rise of industry and navy, its country had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and he married young people with a harmonious family life. The facts of his life are not Sturm und Drag, as powerful dramas have been made. <br /> <br /> The heart of the movie, with the exception of the attempt to dramatize his stulphizing upbringing and the machinations surrounding his throne, is a story of one thing that was truly shocking and surprising during his reign - the story of love. Marriage, made for economic or political reasons, may not necessarily be the place to look for the trembling passion of the world, but Victoria is always remembered in history as being a kind of marital status, happiness and an ideal family life of Patron Saint. So the love of Victoria and his Prince Albert is at the heart of the film. I was very fond of Rupert's testimonial of Albert, whom he imagined as a kind, patient, somewhat serious and perhaps naive young man who wants to "do good in the world and help". In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic indicator based on drama, but because it is not a story, it doesn't matter. The heart of the character seems to be appreciated by the friend's undervalued but serious result. <br /> <br /> What is a queen, well .. Slightly blunt is sublime. Her beauty cannot be denied, but she is more than anything to look at; his face is similar because of his expressiveness. The smallest arc of the eyebrows, the eyes look or the light smile gives so much. Again, this is not a bombardment of heavy speech and embarrassing claims, not the film. But what Mrs Blunt does in this role shows the simple humanity of the character very finely. For example, we see that Victoria's mother (Miranda Richardson) has checked joie de vivre and her idea teacher Conroy, expressed in simple things, as Victoria tries to outline her dog. We see her joy and admiration when Albert met her with her eyes constantly. We see him nervous and puzzled when he turns to the resurrection of Parliament. And my favorite scene in every movie - we see him as nervous, happy and hopeful because he sharpens himself to do what most women never have to do in their lives - ask the man he loves to marry, the recommendation is so ridiculous at these times (and some would say now) that Victoria crushes nervous laughs before she can even say "marry". Again, this is not a film that is more than life-like expressions, but more of a character's character in small details and little things to say so much. <br /> <br /> So I generally meet a film about what it is and what it was trying to do and as such I give it to 7. I felt that some policies could be better explained and that some very subtle actors wasted little and little character , namely Miranda Richardson, like the Duchy of Kent and Conroy and Lord On. Again, the film does not have to spend much time on these characters, but a little more exposure would have been helped to explain the political environment. I would also have liked to see more adjustment of my marriage life between Victoria and Albert, but that may be just more of my scenes between my friend and Blunt in my greed. All in all, do not look at this film in terms of historical drama, but for what it really is, the story of love between the two characters that happen to be historical figures. I give this film a strong 7 great drivers, great costumes and landscapes, and Emily Blunt for great Victoria. And anyone who has the romance left to them is touched at the end of the movie. God keeps the queen.
