Should anyone hold their hands when you step up or down the stairs? The taste of others tastes their food before you eat? Are you faced with a superfluous mother? These are just some of the obstacles Victoria has to deal with in this film (there are also different struggles of power, as well as attempts to live with it). Needless to say, it makes for a very exciting and informative look. <br /> <br /> I had seen Emily Blunt fucking Pragas (and little) before. As he was on this film, he is here again. I was very impressed that he was a young Victoria, and he thought he was doing this role very well. He's making a transition from a young Victoria we meet at the beginning of the movie with Queen Victoria. The blunt is in full role, showing all the different sides (from the vulnerable, the strong, the young Victoria who makes the queen who takes control). In this role, Emily Blunt can't say enough. He is - just - subtle, drawing your attention every second on the screen. He will keep you in the final picture of the movie. <br /> <br /> Rupert Friend proves that he is also very good at Victoria's love interest (and finally his wife), Prince Albert. The actor has a nice chemistry and you absolutely believe in their developmental relationships. They have their own differences, but you can say they are in love. Blunt and Friend are great in all the scenes they share and keep you interested in what's going on between Victoria and Albert. The other participants in the film are also very good. Paul Bettany as Lord Melbourne, Miranda Richardson as Duke of Kent, Mark Strong as Sir John Conroy and Jim Broadbent King William. There is no bad result in this movie. Less focused people are also well represented, given that they have little time. Even the Victoria dog (Cavalier King Charles Spaniel, called Dash) is memorable and influences the film. <br /> <br /> Though the film does not bother more than some aspects of Victoria's life, especially at the end - and instead * tells us * what happened (with him and Albert) on the screen, the most important thing is what we actually see * *. After all, this is the movie "Young Victoria" (not "Medieval Victoria" or "Old Victoria"). Although this film has made some ornaments in history, it has focused on what it is going to do - it is a story of how a young princess came to power. <br /> <br /> The film looks amazing, the costumes Emily Blunt are visually stunning and the music only adds to the movie, never damaging it. It is exceptionally photographed, and unlike many movies, this movie is actually long, because it doesn't work so long that you lose interest or feel it has been drawn out unnecessarily. It goes without saying that what makes this movie so big is Emily Blunt. He's in a good shape here, turning another great performance and raising this movie to what it might have been, in this quite important / historical role, another actor. It is one of the finest made films with excellent performances that will definitely be seen. If you appreciate the fascinating look of a woman who was extremely important in history, it's a must-have.
