The British monarchy's cinematic interests continue with young Victoria (1837-1901), having seen efforts in recent years by Keira Knightley's Duchess, Cate Blanchetti's Elizabeth films, and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman's Boleyn sisters. Another Boleyn Girl. Modern stories should include Helen Mirren's award-winning image of Queen Elizabeth II's current rule after Princess Diana's death. <br /> <br /> All of these films offered great actresses with the actor's gravity (ok so some may challenge Johansson) or had their current taste, and every film had a historical character for a sure moment that doesn't change to highlight those events, and in fact, Elizabeth had enough two movies. However, The Young Victoria, as the title already suggests, is the lite version of the young queen's life, and if you are looking for this ultimate event or the main political intrigue that interrupts all royal households and their relationships with shady, self-serving politicians, unfortunately there is nothing deep here. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that young Victoria is without. Director Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (known as CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film in a very simple sense, Victoria's life and era (Emily Blunt, soon becoming a new girl) when she was a child, worrying about her before crowning stood like his mother's duke, Queen Duke (Miranda Richardson) and his adviser Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong), to call himself a throne for his throne, as the King has already planned. William (Jim Broadbent). As if it were not enough, the political power enters the picture with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), the prime minister, who is looking forward to the new Queen's confidence and willfully to his credible allies in such places. palace. On the one hand, you would understand that there is a need for a young and a new king to be in key positions, but on the other hand, do they really act in their own interest or in the interest of others? <br /> <br Even this intriguing angle penetrates into its romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where their relationship accounts for most of the second part of the movie, and pretty much everything that has already been added to trailers. For both, they have grown up under the influence of others and have announced exactly what to do for each step. Even their union may seem like a definite registration of the Alliance, if not both lovers who recognize their common need to create their own landing, and do it with each other's help. Instead of Pawn, it is a constant search and exploration of opportunities to displace and sometimes absurdly break rules and rules. Trust also becomes a valuable asset, and loyalty can also be traded to make the slate clean. <br /> <br /> But all these things change only from narrative, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. In fact, there is such a fast forwarding, especially the last few minutes, filled with headlines that it leaves an audience that wants more, and of course, for another movie that I suspect will probably not see the day, but maybe the TV series can respond to the film and out to become a mini-series or such. Unfortunately, all the efforts made here to ensure gorgeous costumes, kits and artistic direction would be limited to the subject with a fairly light film and a brief mention of the shortcomings that they really do not challenge the protagonists to overcome some of the character-defining opponents. <br /> <br /> You might expect more with your star studs, but one would leave more instead. Recommended for those who are always curious about kings and queens in the British monarch, but complement other interesting stories available in the films already mentioned.
