Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is England's throne. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not good and may not live long. However, Vicky's spooky mother, Duke of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and his assistant John (Mark Strong) want to force Victoria to sign documents that they are "regents" until she is older because she is only 20 years old. The young lady refuses, despite being beaten by John. This is another indication that Victoria has a strong will and deep love for its country. But when William goes away, soon after his 21st birthday, Victoria knows she has a hard job in front of her. First, he must surround himself with the right counselors to lead wisely. He chooses a beautiful Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), who, although an older man, is mentioned as Vicky's defendant. That brings us to the young Queen's second big decision. Earlier than the young, the young queen should choose her future companion as it will bring stability to her life and the vitality of the kingdom, as the heir must appear in the coming years. Meanwhile, in Germany some of the British royal family's distant relatives are hugging some plans. Prince Albert (Rupert's Friend) from the Saxon-Coburg Dynasty is prodded by his father to a young English king. When he arrives at the palace, he is beaten and the feeling seems to be reciprocal. But because he is a small player on the royal card game, can he win his heart? This is a lovely movie that is even better when Emily Blunt is a Victorian winner. Yes, he is beautiful, but his intelligent reading of the competition is powerful. A friend is doing well, just like other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (which is a reluctant role!) And the rest. Also, the film is very decorative, costume and set, making it visual. If something is missing, it is a dazzling added value, as the film sometimes seems a bit too easy and proactive with some unimaginable editing. But this is just a small and small statement in a very successful and proud overall movie. In short, young and old should take time for young Victoria. This is the most valuable film among the 2009 cinematographic offerings.
