Queen Victoria's 63-year reign is probably one of the most documented and popular historical governments in British history. On the one hand, his story of the former kings' theater is lacking due to the change of social climate and attitudes, and on the other hand his story is permanent because it is especially human. Taking into account the life of his earlier years, where the romance leading himself and the German Prince Albert was at the forefront, director Jean-Marc Vallée, who has only recently stayed in the industry's prominent shadows, the story of Victoria and hits this human element so important to his heritage. This is a story that seems extremely humble in terms of its surprising background, and it is partly what gives it a clear edge that separates it from the usual price. <br /> <br /> Having a very direct and targeted approach that focuses on a short five or more years of his resurrection and marriage with Albert, Young Victoria does what is so little time. Instead of trying to encapsulate the whole life of such an indicator, Vallée chooses instead of showing one of the lesser-known complexities of the early years of Victoria, which is easily ignored for the benefit of publicly recognized accolades. The result is a feature that can bring the historian down due to his relatively weak facts and similar, but never let the document get a convincing story of retrieval, writer Julian Fellowes sticks to his arms and gives a somewhat romantic but convincing portrayal. Vallée takes it and runs, making sure to fully utilize the elements that are sufficiently limited to preserve the integrity of both history and viewer viewing. <br /> <br /> Much of the joy of watching young people, however, is simply that the values ​​produced here bring about the life of the 1800's Regal Britain with a powerful realism that is so rarely achieved by genre films. Everything from costume art, kits, hair styles, lighting and photography brings out the story of Victoria, which is inherent in the grandiose background without ever being a burden. Indeed, if you look at Vallée's interpretation here, it is very difficult not to suck through the aesthetics of the visual element alone; and then there's a movie score that works enormously to promote very elegant but personal tones that dominate the Fellowese script. The invasion of Schubert and Strauss's works The story of Victoria and Albert not only serves as a benchmark for characters, but also for some work that is as elegant and frustrating as it repeats the original work of composer Ilan Esher. br /> <br /> For all the amazing compositions, lush backgrounds and immature costumes that cut every scene, is the most important factor here and indeed most of the timepieces? bring the world they have in life. Luckily, Young Victoria has been blessed with an equally insecure band of young and older people who do a fantastic job just like that. Between Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Sõber) Sweet, Foolish Romans and His Counselors and Similar (Pleasant Mark Strong and Paul Bettany) Controversial Struggles, Conflicts and Heat are As Common as the Fellowe Scenario for All Relevant People Being plastic "nice to look at, but below the dusk" perfectly conveys things that are so common with these events. <br /> <br /> Finally, it's hard to work like Young Victoria. It is a completely untouched and humane affection for the romance of its perfect pace, accompanied by a historical meaning that plays an interesting interest in people who want such details. Of course, this cinematic world may not take the storm and its overall presence is of no importance, preventing it from ever becoming more than just a severely delimited romantic periodic drama; but in some ways it makes it enjoyable. Vallée never seems to be striving for greatness, nor does she seem to be happy when she makes the amusement park amusing. Nowhere in this gray center is The Young Victoria, who will take care of genres and those who are somewhat disappointed with traditional productions; beautiful, memorable, but most importantly, human. <br /> <br /> Jamie Robert Ward Review (http://www.invocus.net)
