In addition to the longest rule in the history of Britain (63 years), Queen Victoria also has two other features. In addition to our current king, the oldest British monarch, he lived at the age of 81. And he was also the youngest ever British (not English or Scottish) monarch who stepped on the throne as an eighteen-year-old girl. And if a TV or cinema makes her a program or a movie, it looks like they're more interested in older Victoria than a young girl; The Victoria version, with which contemporary audiences are most familiar, is Judi Dench's "Mrs. Brown". "Young Victoria" strives to balance, showing us the events associated with her accession and the early years of her reign. This is a rare distinction produced by the former King Sarah Duke of York, whose daughter Princess Beatrice makes a short look extra. <br /> <br /> The plot has three main directions. The first concerns the intrigue of the very unpopular figure of Victoria's mother, the Duchy of Kent, even with her daughter, mainly thanks to the influence of her counselor, Sir John Conroy, widely proclaimed as her lover. (One unreasonable rumor said he, not the late Duke of Kent, was Victoria's natural father). The second strand concerns the increasing romance between Victoria and his German cousin Prince Albert, and attempts by the King of Belgium, Leopold, who was both uncle, to influence this romance. (Leopold's hope was to increase the reputation of Saxe-Coburg's house, to which he and Albert belonged). The third concerns one of the strangest episodes of British political history, the 1839 Bedchamber crisis, when supporters of the Tory Party (who had traditionally supported a strong monarchy) attacked, because the young queen was favored by Whig parties and their leader Lord Melbourne, although the breeds had historically supported quasi-republican government systems The monarch was reduced to the figure head. <br /> <br /> Scenic Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views and sometimes wondered if it might have painted his political affairs because he seems to rely on the side of Tories, the predecessors of the modern Conservative Party. Their leader, Robert Peel, has been shown to be a statesman and dignity, while Melbourne, his whole dash and charm, is terrible and uninteresting in social reform. Probably these are characteristic features, but Fellowes commends the fact that only a few years ago Tories were in conflict with the Reform Law, which ended the corrupt electoral system of foolish districts, and that they benefited from the unconstitutional dismissal of William IV by the Whig administration. <br /> <br /> The lessons of dynamic and constitutional history do not always go to the cinema screen and contain some of the inaccuracies. For example, Prince Albert was not injured in the Edward Oxford event at Victoria, and Melbourne (at the time of Victoria's accession in the late fifties) was not as youthful as Paul Bettany represents here. King William IV certainly did not like the Duchy of Kent (who was his sister), but I doubt he would have gone so far as to abuse him during the national party, as he has shown here. I could not understand the importance of the scene where the Duchy and Conroy try to sign Victoria for the "Regency Order"; The constitutional position of the Duchy was revealed by the Regency Actis of 1830, which provided that he would become a Regent when his daughter was eighteen years old at the time of her accession. No piece of paper signed by Victoria could have changed the law. <br /> <br /> There are also occasional infelites. In an early scene, we see Victoria and Albert playing chess when comparing themselves to pawns moving with chessboard, so the metaphor was so harsh that the whole scene would come with "Danger!" warning. But despite these scenes, I came to enjoy the movie. There were some good presentations, especially Miranda Richardson, a disgraceful Duchy and Mark Strong as a reluctant Conroy. It is very attractive visually, having shot with a rich style, we have come to associate British historical drama. Jim Broadbent gives amusement to King William, though he occasionally gives up the temptation to switch over. (Although Moulin Rouge was not as redundant as it was), the main reason for the film's success is Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend performances as two young lovers. Victoria and Albert. The unknown is probably more attractive than Victoria was in real life, but in her admirable imagination the queen is no longer an old lady of imaginative imagination, a black-clad Windsor widow who was not always amusing but a confident and confident young woman. His love for Albert and their happy family life was one of the main reasons why the monarchy succeeded in restoring itself to the British people. (Except for George III, the ancestors of Victoria Hanover were very infamous for matrimonial matters). Girl and friend make The Young Victoria an intact romantic and engaging human drama and explore the key period of British history. 8/10
