Andrei Konchalovski's poetic 4-and-a-half-hour poem in Siberia will not start immediately, as it has to hold back the space, as it takes time to study the childhood memories of traffic. A tens of backwoods in the village, but the film goes on to pick up steam building emotional resonance as if it were even sounds and images that make up it snags a thin link to their subject that quality fierce tireless silence that characterizes the Soviet labor spirit. Konchalovsky celebrates Soviet collectiveity, but in a nearly revolutionary way, such as Soy Cuba and Invincible, the mood seems slightly and reflective. The news of the revolution comes from the Siberian village separated through the vineyard. The fruits of this work will only come when the world war calls for the recruitment of young men. Throughout this, Konchalovksy individually, carefully and fondly resolved to study the bitter longing and regret of the woman who waited 6 years after the war, who never came back, long enough to go out and get a velvet couch on the bar land she For years, he refused to return to his village to take care of an aging uncle who killed his fiancé father with an ax, an irreversible fool of the warrior who came back from the war to a hero for 20 years. late, did not come back for the girl who left her, but drilled the oil to her homeland, the despair and resignation of the medieval regional party Leader, who returns to her small village in Siberia and whose sole purpose is to bring it out to build a power plant. In the mix of the film, from the tenth decade to the 80s, there is an amazing newspaper film that stays in Soviet history since the revolution in the Titanic technological achievements of the war famine and empire (here is a great visual vision! Crowds and faces), but the actual film focuses on the individual, the small and the big triumphs and folliesele. The other half despises bitter fatalism; a broken life that never reached regret and longing for suffocation. "It doesn't matter," it seems, as the world says, to which Konchalovksy meets "it must be important" because the protagonists continue to redeem. <br /> <br /> Behind this "man against the landscape". "Something seems hover, shady, almost non-existent, as the eternal old man excites who appears in every segment to lead or reject the main characters, sometimes just a spectator, sometimes a mysterious sage; a little behind and all the other simple and logical incomprehensible challenges of ultimatum and the affirmations of human characters seem to be invisible. The gums of fathers appearing in sepia dreams, repeating pictures of a star glowing at night, a curious bear, indeed an eternal old man; Konchalovksy demands honesty and respect in another order of mysterious land. The small backbone of treating the community that struggles with the development and time of nature, and how it handles them at the same time, is often funny and tragic, and how the director does not allow cynicism to cancel his humanism. I the deep wishes of the gods of Shohei Imamura. When in a dream Alexei tears through the door tile plastered with Stalin's propaganda stick to reach her (dead) father when the fog disappears, the film hints at the betrayal of the Soviet dream, or even better, in all the things lost in the revolution, this treachery is clearer in the film's fiery expression . Amazing visuality, elegance and rugged raw natural edge help to seal. At the end, the oil cutter breaks down and the film collides with pure cinema in nature.
