This film seems to have been designed as a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers film - plot sketch, dance numbers, zippy music and the whole formula ... except ginger! Whether it was really intended to re-bind the team, it is uncertain, but it is definitely the look of one such movie. Instead of the usual side effects of conventional Fred (such as Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used - probably because they are known as a comedy group, they can sing and dance quite well. It was shocked to me, but the team was welcome and some of the traditional Fred and Ginger numbers were made by Fred and Gracie or their two with George. Only once, to the end, does Mrs Fontaine with Fred, but it's a very short and distant camera. <br /> <br /> And when I talk about Burns and Allen, I think I owe this team a talk about them in the movie. I'm never a fan of my show or their films. In general, I find Gracie's idiot acting very annoying and I have given some bad comments on my movie's short and full length films. But in this movie I have to admit they were great - not only dancing competently, but I thought they were funny and filled the hole left by Edward Everett Horton. They were on top of their game and the writers did a great job in this department. <br /> <br /> As with the rest of the movie, it's all fun and fun. For me, however, the problem was that Joan Fontaine was not a very good choice for the film - not only because he was out of his choice (after all, he was not a singer or a dancer), but because he had a tape ball on the screen. That's why there was no normal balance and no big boy-girl dialogue. Harry Watson was also very charming as a devilish little boy who did all he could to play Amor - all because he wanted to bet! And finally, I loved the fun house and love tunnel - it's too hard to describe, but it's so fun to watch! All in all, I made a lot of film - it was a lot of charm and great writing. Unfortunately, this was also the case with Mrs Fontaine's endless performance that strikes the point by bringing my score to the film 7.
