Soon the Americans spat in the dark, damaged England to prepare for the invasion of Europe, but in 1937, in the sunny, slightly ridiculous English landscape, the image of the hip-Americans was attractive, idyllic. American dancing star and heartbeat Jerry Halliday (Astaire), a European tournament and tired female crowd of serious propaganda from his leader (Burns), has been involuntarily involved in the prospects of a married legacy of Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). The story is complicated by the Marshmorton staff betting team headed by chief Keggs (Gardiner), who contributes to Alice's cousin Reggie (Noble), a fierce, dominant Aire (Collier) of Alice. The story would have been much better than a half-hour TV episode. The usual Wodehouse plot equipment, which has the wrong identity and jumps to the wrong conclusions, is thin in a full-length movie. Both Alice & Jerry seem to have failed (and annoyingly) on the other side of the film. The exchange of the amusement park and the climax of the castle are too long and will start to drag. Fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified and too quiet to be a fun blonde, no matter how aristocratic, while the young Albert Albert (Watson) is painfully terrible. But while "Damsel" is a pretty unlikely vehicle with so much talent, talent won't let us down. Astaire's romantic comedy skills are not as pleasant here as her films Ginger Rogers and her dance image, both solo and Burns & Allen, but her single dance with a beginner Joan is definitely in that. Gracie almost steals the entire exhibition as George's effervescent secretary, who is at once airy, accompanied and coolly confident. His scene with a character-like actor, Gardiner, a scary snob of Keggs, is one of the classic classes. This & Astaire's priceless scene with madrigal singers gives "Damsel" an amazing color from naïve but superb Americans who mix with noble but boring moods. Gershwin is at the top of his game "Nice Work When You Get It" and "Stiff Upper Lip", which carry the film through weak spots. And is there another movie where madrigals will receive Gershwin's emergency treatment? "Damsel" is more than an empty trivia for those who could see that Astaire is without Rogers or Fontaine before he was a real star. It is a good entertainment as an entertaining, any vaudevillian musical comedy that prevailed in the 1930s, but never performed.
