The famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens notes George Orwell that many readers have always regretted that Dickens never left in writing, as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS: that means he did not stay as fun episodic novels throughout his career. That wouldn't be too difficult for Dickens. His modern Robert Surtees did exactly that, focusing only on the malformation of fox hunting equipment (MR FANCY ROMFORD HOUNDS is the title of one of his novels). Among hunters and horse lovers, Surtees is still following, but most people find their novels unreadable. Dickens decided to show he was more than a funny man (and don't forget that his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, was also a funny book). So Dickens' third book is OLIVER TWIST (which got quite grim at points). Orwell says that they must change the style of their books to grow every author. Dickens would certainly (and successfully) agree with it. <br /> <br /> But Orwell ignored the genre writer who crosses his companions. As I said, Surtees is a genre writer who focuses on hunting, but not everyone is interested in hunting. However, P.Godehouse saw himself as an entertainer, trying happily at the top of the British social system. His Emsworth Earl is proud to have raised the best pigs in England as ... Emsworth Earl! His Psmith is always ready for a counterattack if he is submissive to an unfair superior. His Stanley Uckridge always has a "perfect" scheme that should make a huge profit (but always succeed at the end). And best of all, his Jeeves always put his brilliant brain to work to save Bertie Wooster, his boss. As Wodehouse had a limited view as a writer for his mission, he was fun for comic art for world entertainment - his books did not lose their shine. They served (and still served) their goals. In fact, Wodehouse compared his much more serious contemporary Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote funny books, but an intellectual type. Best Waugh remains among the high points of the 20th century British literature: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED, DECLINE AND FALL and the rest. But when he decided to score his points, if his points didn't interest the reader, that book often collapsed. Every VILE BODIES had their career delayed, like GILBERT PINFOLD ORDEAL. Though the Wodehouse could also do a smaller craft, his fall did not go as far as Waugh did. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also a talented speaker (when you hear "Bill" in the SHOWBOAT score, it is not Kern and Hammerstein's voice, but Kern and Wodehouse took "Oh Lady, Lady" ten years earlier. So it's nice to see that she took her novel A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and turned it into a scenario. <br /> <br /> This is the usual touch of Wodehouse, the perfect butler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a great performance) is stupid , which hampers the "friendly" gambling game of chance among the grandiose home workers, and sometimes fails to sing Italian opera - despite Constance Collier's efforts to control his impulse - this is a typical Wodehouse characterization, so how is the love relationship between Lady Alyce and Jerry goes well and walks down because of the worship of Keggs and the young Albert, both of whom want to win money in this way. Wodehouse always does this type of plot switch, with antagonists exchanging their views depending on their current state of interest. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also happy to have Burns and Allan. In general, it is believed that all of the films they made as supporting actors (such as SIX OF A KIND and WE'E NOT DRESSING) made George and Gracie Fred the best of Astaire. The Fun House queue containing the song "Stiff Upper Lip" is wonderful, as well as the previous queue, where three paths "whisk broom" (that Astaire learned from Burns). But Gracie uses strange logical logic in Wodehouse Gardiner's scenes (see how she can confuse her to give her more money than her change deserves - only Albert notices Keggs / Gardiner's mistake and looks at Gardiner as if she is either stupid or crazy). His dialogue with Lady Caroline (Collier) son, Reggie (British band leader Ray Noble), led him to imagine marrying but saying goodbye to Gracie when he leaves for George. film /> <br /> The film allegedly failed at the cashier because it lacked Ginger Rogers, and Joan Fontaine's weakness. Fontaine does not do significant work in this area, but the mistake is really Wodehouse - he didn't make this character very interesting. However, the film can be held without it, considering other performers and their characters, Gershwin's music and the wonderful fun of Wodehouse.
