Before "Zavet", Tim Burton and Kusturica had similar artistic visions. They find their poetic style and then they become cowards. Burton has (and is still) Depp, Kusturica is Miki Manojlovic, and somehow they got the same formula of critical praise repeatedly and again. However, there are people like me who only find fun when they first heard it. This is the main reason why Kusturica's worst films are "Black Cat White Cat" and "Life is Miracle". Zavet is something completely different. You may like it, you can hate it, but it's not just another Kusturica poetic? Balkan dream things. Of course, if you want to praise, you have to play safely. It was very easy for Kusturica to do just one flying gypsy film and get a prize. Luckily, he decides to make a movie that is ironic for his earlier works. "Zaveti" can be described as a strong and very harsh parody of Kusturica's former films led by Kusturica himself. It is beautiful to see that one big film director doesn't take himself too seriously. This is the quality that Kusturica owns and even the biggest, such as Bergman or Kubrick. This film is so pointless that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it becomes deep and so uncomfortable that it becomes fun. The same things that change "9. Space Space Culture, "gave this masterpiece to people who know how to look at it. The western average viewer does not get any reference. The most noticeable is the owner of the tire shop Srbljanovic, which refers to the famous Serbian dramatic writer Biljana Srbljanovic. Politically, he is very active as a left-wing liberal, and he despises Kusturica's political views and anarchism. Kusturica 'all but not subtle' in her work was to immerse Miki Manojlovic in Srbljanovic shop. Another reference is Goran Bregovic? previous Kusturica composer. He formed the "Fun and Wedding Orchestra" and started working in Europe. Although he is recognized as a great composer, Bregovic is just a performer and most of his songs (if not all) are poor coverings of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica accepted Bregovic with a wedding and a funeral, a funeral. The music also includes Western classics as the "London Bridge Down" or French Lullaby. Do you find it unforgettable? Now you can see how we feel in Serbia when we listen to the horrible cover of Bregovic. I liked this movie because it doesn't pretend to be deep, it's so full of symbols that it turns into a parody, and it's beautifully directed, just like all his work. If you like the previous Kusturica movies, there is a great chance that you will hate it. If you don't like the last few movies, it might be a pleasant surprise because it's like Fellini, who heads Pink Pink. On purpose. After "Zaveti" I am very respectful of this man. The next Tim Burton movie definitely has the main character with a pale face. The next Kusturica movie can easily be alien invaders on Earth. This is why he is the most interesting director of Earth, whether you like it or not.
