Kabei: Our mother (2008) is a Japanese poetic and sublime beauty. Real cry! I had heard great comments on the film and rented it from Netflix. I'm glad I did! In many ways, this film reminded me of the old style of Japanese classical filmmaking of the 1940s and 1950s, which I have loved so much, like Yasujiro Ozu's pictures - the title credit even begins in the same way, the Japanese letters (characters) against the red-neutral colored boat material. I was thinking right now: this director loves Oz. The same style was used mainly indoors, where there are only a few outdoor conditions. Even a couple of pillow frames, as Roger Ebert calls them. The strength of the film is based on the love of each other's symbols. <br /> <br /> The story follows the life of a Japanese family before and after World War II. The mother takes care of her growing girls she gets after arresting her father (university professor) for anti-war sympathies. He has never been released and has only a few short meetings with his wife in prison before he dies of hunger and illness. In the meantime, a former student of a professor is often helpful in caring for her mother and two girls. She starts to fall in love with her mother and is the father of two girls. But the war begins and has been prepared and they have to say goodbye. Do they express their love for each other? Will he ever go back to war? There is so much heart and gentle spirit to fill the leading actor Sayuri Yoshinaga. He's almost the type of Madonna, he's so beautiful! Big eyes and flawless skin. The actor who plays the student is also phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What is sensitive performance. There is no machot in him; she is gentle and kind. I certainly love to see these two movies from other movies. I think I'll check what's available to them. Also, two small child actors are great. <br /> <br /> The movie is being released on NTSC DVD to an American audience, very easy to read English subtitles. I gave it to 10 in 10 in IMDb. I cried almost as much as in the Japanese film class Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Don't miss this movie!
