My introduction to Yoji Yamada's film world is through his famous and recent Samurai trilogy with the Twilight samurai, the hidden blade and love and respect. I had enjoyed all three movies and watching the fruitful, veteran film director, I think it will take me a long time to watch all his films, especially the Tora-san series. Needless to say, Kabei Our mother has finally reached our shore, I jumped to see what would be for mothers, celebrating their innate love for their children. <br /> <br /> Teruyo Nogami, Kabei - Our mother speaks to four close knitting families? Mother Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and youngest child Teru (Miku Sato). From their turn, their lives will change forever if Shigeru is arrested under the Peacebuilding Act for his morally contradictory writings against the nation, which was placed in the late 1930s, when Japan had begun its "crusade" in China and then participate in WWII. <br /> <br /> This is how Kabei begins to fight for jobs to feed her family, and frequent, difficult meetings with her husband behind bars. Help comes from relatives, especially on the Shigeru side, because Kabei's father had adopted the "I told you" attitude when choosing his wife. Shiger's one-time student Yama (arthouse buffs should admit Tadanobu Asano here) offers laughter as a worshiping man who slowly turns into a child's trust and substitute, and Kabei's sister, Hiroshima, Hisako (Rei Dan), which I think would have heard some retrospective clocks concerning his unfortunate fate when the film moves on its timeline. <br /> <br /> Although the film mainly focuses on how children grow up in the presence of their mother and in the distant relationship with their father, which I enjoyed, how microscopic family events emerge under macroscopic global events that have affected Japan's common people. This contradicts the regional dominance of Japan with a historical background, and there are signs that do not conceal these ambitions, even when discussing what the state should ultimately do if it succeeds on the conquered lands. This is something I rarely see in Japanese films, being honest in this debate, and also a glimpse of how a common man must fight internal aspects that have become even more difficult with resources for warfare. <br /> <br /> The actors here are perfect for their delivery and roles, be they veterans or child actors. Actress Sayuri Yoshinaga pays special attention to her role as a mother who must dig deep and find that the inner strength of the house is through diligent circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are loving as understanding children who have to learn and compromise. Every three-scene scene turns it into a heart when it gets tough, or fill your heart with joy as they celebrate. Before long, you must lure yourself to want to be in this family, thanks to the first cast of powerful performances, Yoji Yamada training the children with truly natural performances. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our Mother is stunningly beautiful in the direction of art and is stylish in delivering her happy and sad moments without moving over or relying on cheap melodramas to reduce the audience's emotions. There are many small things that do it right, which makes it perfect, every scene is not wasted, and every nuance is very important to convey your message, whether it is compassion or love. <br /> <br /> A very steep end (I had hoped it could have gone a lot more, despite more than 2 hours of working time), Kabei Our mother is highly recommended and it's hard to keep your tears back mother and her victims, which she does on a daily basis. It is these sacrifices that should receive another reminder, but the scene in the final credit roll reminds you of things you have obviously taken for granted.
