"I hate the funeral that begins at the funeral, but I'm afraid it will start on the day we flocked to George. Not that we buried him. In the interests of the environment we burned him." That's how Elizabeth (Judi Dench), George's widow, speaks. He led George with a comfortable, predictable life. She has two grown-up children and a 12-year-old granddaughter. But when he was 15 years old and at school, he played a scissor in the middle of World War II at all girls (almost all girls) called The Blonde Bombshells. "Almost" was because the drummer was Patrick, a charming scammer with no desire to fight and maybe kill. Yellow wig, long red dress and makeup, Patrick seemed almost as good as the others. <br /> <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth finds herself in the attic of her home, where she played a scissor that she practiced, but only when George was out of the golf course. Her granddaughter, surprised at how good Elizabeth is, talks about how Blond Bombshells could rejoin her school dance and then play, then Elizabeth will meet Patrick (Ian Holm), now as old as Elizabeth, and just as much as she attracted her was more than 50 years ago. (He was also interested in all the other Bombshell members. The roses that appeared on his bass drum had a special meaning that affirmed his affection.) Well, why don't you see if the other members of the band are located and why isn't it the show of his grandchild at school? <br /> <br /> Why not? One band member is gaga. One is dead. One is in prison. One has found the salvation of the Salvation Army. One of them does not find traces. One is the last known country. One is a professional singer and has no intention of even going to school. Elizabeth and Patrick, however, bring together the surviving members of Bombshells one by one. We don't know if there are enough of them. Samples become more frequent than non-key. When they do, we share Elizabeth's feedback on what life was like when she and Patrick were young at war in London, playing in the band when the bombs fell. As terrible as it was, it was the most exciting time of their lives. When Elizabeth's granddaughter arrives at a dance night, the youngsters will be filled with the young and renewed friendship of Blond Bombshells. Later Elizabeth tells us that Bombshells continues to play concerts and that she and Patrick are not going to marry ... but can't see anything wrong. <br /> <br /> This is a sentimental hogwash that has been expertly made and not at all bad. It does the skills and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term "warm-hearted comedy," I usually chuckle when the actors are not first-rate. Dench and Holm are wondering to see if they take something as light and predictable as this script and turn it into something that amazes us. Then there is the "old wide" gambit that is nice when you remember the old ones. Blonde bombs include Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Wave sings three numbers and almost balances production. He is such a strong and unique jazz talent that when he sings, it becomes almost a Cleo Laine show. Another attractive feature is the number of large WWW songs that are played in a strong swing.
