A lot of his adult chagrine and almost immediately after the death of Elizabeth's (Dame Judy Dench) husband, the widow, attic tenor saxophone player returns to his musical hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth no longer has to play scissors in the attic. When she is more satisfied with her opening, Elizabeth will walk around the memory, remembering she was a 15-year-old member of the jazz rock band "The Blonde Bombshells": she was allegedly a gifted jazz swing musician on the girls' web group. One of the members of the "Blonde Bombshells" band was Feminine, Crusader, Patrick (Ian Holm) with whom Elizabeth remained friends. <br /> <br /> Both Patrick and Elizabeth's 12-year-old grandfather, Joanna (Millie Findlay), press Elizabeth to round up and resume former band members; this time a bunch of sex educators. She thinks there are (still foxy!) Bands Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dinah (Olympia Dukakis), trumpet playing, alcoholic and spoken, grubbing up money and widows who live abundantly in their many (former) marriages at the Craigievari Scottish Palace; Gwen, (US real-life jazz singer, Clio Laine), who has a lead vocal; Annie, (June Whitfield) as Salmon Army Trombone; Betty (late piano player Joan Sims), who is in the ivory keys at Hastings Pub. <br /> <br /> Like Elizabeth, Patrick & Joanna looked at the world members of the 1940s and trying to convince them to continue playing together, Elizabeth is often next to her when she learns more than she wants to know about her adult life, including in his own life, while he plays terrible music with the last lively "Blond Bombshells". <br /> <br /> Fun, nostalgic, historical, sentimental, versatile entertainment that is fun. The actors give great performances. Regardless of their age, they are still Bombshell entertainers who put a fairly large show. (The DVD is now out & valuable because it is due to bonus features and Dolby Digital sound). Certainly the fan of these amazing participants is the object of the VHS collection.
