One of America's most brilliant film directors was undoubtedly Elia Kazan. His director's genius was not particularly suited to thrill thrillers, as Kazan needed more space to breathe and be slower and thinner. But Panic in the Streets is a first-class social thriller and is more important today than it was when it was released in 1950. The issues of illegal immigrants, smuggling of people, imminent plagues, rapid spread of disease in the world (worried Richard Widmark says: "I could be in any American city in ten hours and in Africa tomorrow.") Ethnic isolation and ghetto are more of today's troubles than ever. In this film, Jack Palance's outstanding film debut and Barbara Bel Geddes's excellent presentation. Richard Widmark is not allowed to be a psychopath once and is a deeply caring, warm-loving and intense hero of the nation. He basically manages a one-man campaign to stop the pneumonia epidemic in New Orleans, trying to convince sluggish politicians and peaceful policemen that there is a problem. It's time to compete to find the fears of a small time that have died with an illegal immigrant within 48 hours of the whole city, and as they always remind us, the whole country is the worst of the worst since the 1919 flu. One amazing scene where Jack Palance, who is infected, is stuck in climbing a ship is extremely ironic, reminding us of the most terrible conditions that people can be the worst bearers and pests of all. Very dramatic chase scenes, which they call "coffee factory" in ports, compete with Hitchcock's most clever culmination pictures and the same spectacular device. In the film, many non-professionals appear, with so-called real reality. I actually bring cameras to places where even people rarely went and where even rats would have thought twice. This film was the main representation of social realism. If it does not have the power of the most charged thrillers, it is because Kazan took it so seriously that it could not build it, because after all, the risk of breakage is serious enough to scare anyone without extra pistols and moles. The only unfortunate thing about the film is the title that makes the wrong proposition about superficiality. But Kazan was nothing but superficial. He considered this project a public task, warning us of real opportunities. If only these opportunities have diminished today, but unfortunately they worsen every day. One day, after a global fever, this film can be shown to some survivors as an example of how the outbreak was on the film, but its lessons were forgotten.
