With the current blow made by director Elia Kazan in New Orleans, plague has replaced femme fatale. The companion always gets great performances from his actors, but also shows a visual affection for claustrophobic effort with tight compositions and a stunning one-off style. <br /> <br /> A man who enters a country illegally is killed after a card game. It turns out that he has some poisonous plague, so it's important not only to kill the killers, but to inoculate all those who are in contact. Urban and health officials are implementing a plan of secrecy rather than warning the community of the fears that the culprits escape from the city and spread the disease. The detective and the epidemiologist who is against the clock form uneasy joints because they comb the waterline using their contrasting research patterns. Streets raise an enormous ethical question regarding the right of the public to know when a medical professional claims that the media is interrupting, which may result in a higher risk for the community. Regardless of the outcome, you can still count on the action of the film's protagonist. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark as drClint Reed and Paul Douglas as Detective Warren show short temples and each other's respect for their killer searches. Barbera Bel Geddi as Reed's husband has some good moments with Widmark in some home scenes that bring the right (peaceful more than comic) relief from the tensions of desperate search around New Orleans shore. McDonald. Zero Mostel as a small-time criminal is slender and deplorable, but sometimes compassionate. Walter Jack Palance as a Skeleton Blackie (Black Death?) Is Just Outstanding. With intense intensity, Palance dominates in every scene where she is not only in danger but also in distressing victory. In addition, he shows a terrifying sport that allows even more intense continuity, especially the powerful allegorical moments of the film. <br /> <br /> The panic streets are probably Kazan's best non-Brando movie. It is tense, paused and tempo edited. It is an environment around the surrounding environment that gives the feeling of an elevated reality that allows Kazan the flexibility to display his visual style outside the film stage and to succeed with panic.
