"Panic on the Streets (1950)" is more of a debt to the British dignity than its American counterparts. Like Reed's "Third Person" (1949) and Dassini's Night and City (1950), director Elia Kazan decided to film a lot on the spot, capturing the fresh and vibrant decadence of the New Orleans slums. In a decision borrowed by Italian neo-realism masters, he also hired a number of non-professional actors for small roles, giving the air of the authenticity of the urban space. But any additional comparisons with neorealism would be erroneous because "Panic on the Streets" is a pure melodrama, the best. The murdered murdered illegal immigrant is infected with pneumonia, a lethal air-borne egg-fever mutation that is transmitted from person to person and untreated is a mortality approaching 100. %. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), a US public health officer, persuades the suspect police officer (Paul Douglas) to make men who are responsible for murder murders, even if they are not infected with the disease. In my younger years, I found that Wolfgang Petersen's "Outbreak (1995)" is one of the most terrible movies I've ever seen. This thriller, which owes much to "Paanika streets" (the title of the work: "Outbreak"), scared me so effectively, because it represented an ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer? how can you protect yourself against such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (which I know) to approach the subject of biological epidemics, although it has difficulty in attributing visual recognition to an enemy who is fundamentally unnoticeable to the human eye; Instead, Jack Palance is used as a plague to be human. Regardless of the dirty dregs of their human society, you never get the idea that Clinton Reed puts his life in danger {some viewers have pointed out that Reed has never been infected with the plague, although I think it's safe to assume he did it at the same time as dead body workers}. Nonetheless, infected human killers, underground streets in rats that pollute the sewers with their misdemeanors, are still in urgent need of urgency. <br /> <br /> In the Middle Ages, when black death (now widely believed) that it has been a poisonous plague), wiped out a civilized world, killing a third of Europe's population, many found destroying the devil's work. Jack Palance's character, Blackie, serves effectively in Satan's human form: the angular jaw cutter can sometimes be charming and charismatic, but is always capable of exploding into violence; His two hoodlums (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel), more than anything else with terror, are constantly biased on their feet. When one of the deficits becomes feverish, Blackie concludes that the man's immigrant cousin must "bring something with him" (his irony does not go unnoticed) and thus tries to determine what this presumably valuable object must be. He rejects the dying Pold, a grotesque faux affection that is both pathetic and amazing. Blackie / Satan has finally stopped? not the authorities, but its own infection / evil burden? when it catches cargo, which is the main ship through which the plague spread throughout Europe.
