"Panic on the Streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller where director Elia Kazan achieved a great reality by filming a movie in New Orleans using a number of local people to perform various roles and make improvisation for intelligent use. As a result, both characters and dialogue seem so natural and plausible. The important timeframe that needs to be met to prevent a disaster is that it is a story of great urgency and pace, and problems that delay the adoption of the necessary measures, and then increase the tension at a high level. <Br /> <br /> In the case of a dispute between players in a card game, a man called Kochak (Lewis Charles) is released and his body is dumped into a docking area. When the body is found and the coronary detects the presence of the virus, US public health officer Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) is invited and his study confirms the existence of pneumonia. Reed emphasizes that all known dead human contacts must be inoculated immediately, because the highly infectious nature of the disease means that without such action, any infected person may die within a few days. <br /> <br /> For a person who died as an identity, it is not known that finding his contacts is difficult and this situation will not be helped if the city officials and the police chief are not fully convinced by Reed's report. They doubt that the danger to the public is potentially as serious as it claims to be and that their initial lack is just one of the first obstacles to taking action quickly. The following investigation is hampered by the lack of cooperation between the immigrant community, the seafarers' group, the restaurant owner and some illegal immigrants before the person's identity and contacts are finally found. <br /> <br /> Illegal immigrant Kochak had been a member of Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Pold (Tommy Cook) and when gangmaster Blackie learns about an ongoing police investigation, she expects Kochak to be smuggled something very valuable country. Since Kochak and Pold were interconnected, Blackie assumes that Pold must know and learn more about it. But the bolt is very sick and cannot provide any information. Blackie brings her doctor and starts to move Pold with her in the room and some of the stairs, and that is when they meet Reed and follow an exciting chase. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark is a solid, underpaid, civil servant who effectively handles the hard responsibilities of his work while also serving as a family member for his domestic concerns. In his unusual role, he also represents Dr Reed's decisive and serious thinking very convincingly. The debut of Jack Palance's film sees him as an impressive job, such as a ruthless thug who misleads the reason for leaving Kochak's card game, as well as the reason for the intense police investigation. Its special look helps to make your screen presence even more convincing. <br /> <br /> The typical docu-noir style uses expressive cinematography and neo-realistic effects to effectively capture the atmosphere of the locations. where the action takes place. Elia Kazan is directing all over the world, but she also looks in the stock and port in a memorable chase order.
