In the panic streets, with a high noir view, a view of the dark street, followed by tilting the camera upwards into the window behind the sliding card game, flourishing, which, together with some location photography, requires some of the atmosphere that Welles brought to Touch Of Evil ten years later. One of the players opens the window; it is an appropriate action that is an introduction to events both inside and literally, opening your first view of the sub-world. <br /> <br /> High contrast black and white, panic attacks on the streets bring tremendous benefits to New Orleans with its strong cast and fine position shooting. Scenes placed in places such as a graveyard, crowded shipping facility, or 'Frank's Place' in the middle of peeling paint, offer a unique and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere that cannot be re-created in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the impact of Dassini's groundbreaking Naked City two years earlier, which highlighted the brilliant, almost documentary style of Noir's cycle. In fact, Widmark's previous role had been even more subtle in Dassin's Night and The City, a film where the growing panic feeling was even more common. Joe MacDonald, director's favorite, photographed panic on the streets. MacDonald also worked for Kazan's Pinky and Viva Zapata! ' S and released Widmark again three years later on Fuller's masterpiece Pick Up South Street. <br /> <br /> As others have noticed, movies, Kazan's work contrast with the confusion of the streets, sickness and immorality, which is modest and calm. But even though (for example) Lang's The Big Heat (1953) destroys the hero's home life with elements of an expert central character - he is finally sent back to work where there is more vigilance and revenge - Panic In The Streets place Reed in the growing anxiety that is just another Working day. Despite all the dangers, he returns to his family's body, which is legitimate and satisfied. This suggests that the social balance has been restored, at least at the moment, with its professionalism and therapeutic ability. <br /> <br /> This imbalance is naturally created by crime and disease. These two are closely related to this film. It resembles a single label Cobra (1986) - where "Crime is a disease. Answer the treatment," is in the context of analogy, as if it were too uncomfortable with social reduction. At its peak, when Blackie tries to escape the ship, the visual rats specifically refer to lines similar to criminals, both of which endanger the health of society. Like (probably infected) Blackie prowls around the cheap rooms and docks, looking for something he suspects is everyone after knowing exactly what it is, "plague" and "blackie" resonate with the audience, adding it related connections. Ironically, Blackie is on Pold's unfortunate cousin that "she brought something" to notice, is right - even if she finally can't sell or steal. Blackie's logical assumption that the police usually have no murder of an anonymous illegal immigrant is the truth, and its confusion is understandable. <br /> <br /> Dr Reed, though loving at home, and on the social side is a real noir hero. Familiar with genre is the main protagonist when a man who walks alone is forced to travel beyond the boundaries of the law. Reed is forced to take the morale on his own behalf in the interests of society - the film's dimension, which is particularly appropriate in view of Kazan's contradictory personal history. The director admitted the notorious HUAC, naming suspected communists and co-passengers. His film depicts suspects being questioned and the handling of the press because of the overriding public good that justified the funds. These activities will probably reflect the director's feelings at once, assuming they accept McCarthyite's witch hunt and the suppression of civil rights in the light of the anticipated communist invasion of the entertainment industry. During these times of terrorist attacks and state response, the film has outstandingly modern problems. <br /> <br /> The scenes in the movie include a remarkable scene where Blackie listens to dead pold over the exact nature of her cousin's supposedly smuggling. The cat likes it, Blackie hides her victim over the room, eventually falling into the dead bed of a dead person, holding Pold's head in her head - striking, evil. It is a gesture that emphasizes the intimacy of moral or physical corruption. Apparently, the actors did a lot or all of their stunts, leading to another very dramatic scene, as the police and health care institutions closed to the villains under the harbors. Half-sleeping, half-shuffling over a slippery wood by the dock in the pool must be a very uncomfortable experience for Palance, but it is a queue that adds to the imperative for everyone. <br /> <br /> Sometimes less convincing elements disturb the viewer. Obviously, Dr Reed will be left with a small government backup of a possible national emergency. Maybe it is just as surprising that he will never inoculate himself - calling for a dramatic move that will never materialize. At the end of the film, the potential epidemic has also stopped, and all opponents have taken a little too well. However, these weaknesses go beyond the film's compliments that still produce compulsive and relevant viewing.
