Knowing when to finish a movie is as important as casting, leadership and acting. And it's nice to see when the director / script is right. In just 82 minutes, 10 POINTS OR LESS less stories are put out, trying to make it incomprehensible. It stays out, funny, sad and well thought out. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) stars like "He", an aging actor who grabs any of the roles given to him. We introduce "He" when he goes to a supermarket when Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK) is out of town. Realizing that he has stars in his car, Kid pushes him to talk about his absence in the cinema in the last few years. He is not very coming, because he has not only come out of this time, but also leads the indie film scene where he can act ("I have not decided if I agree.") Kid is an indie he will soon be in the middle of now. Stuck, he decides to control the local market. He runs into a beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega), who uses 10 or fewer registers. Not only is he astonishingly beautiful but also intelligent, he starts his main as an investigative object to use his future independent role of film. He learns how he thinks of numbers so quickly, and why he knows the fraud of every member of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But he doesn't just use Scarlet, he helps him she could see her deeper in life, they travel together to get her car back from her husband and teach her how to act to get the new job she prepares for her, and how to dress for success even then when it comes to Target as a local clothing image. This is probably one of the most funny moments when we get a glimpse of him, showing his full understanding of the chain store retail world ("These shirts are only $ 12 bucks! How is that possible?" ") As mentioned at the beginning of this review is steep but surprising These two can hardly be friends even when they form a unique bond, they know when to say goodbye and what each other collects - this is a quiet but riveting moment when the Scarlet clunker car sits idle outside of his L. A mansion . <br /> <br /> It's a great independent production and it's going to take a little time.
