Only seventy-two minutes, this tiny, neglected drama of 2006 is really just a two-digit figure, but it works very well within it. This story is almost completely different in southern places in southern Los Angeles, this story itself is irrelevant, but as Sofia Coppola's "Lost in Translation", the movie is still much more than two strangers who meet unexpectedly, find a common victory and go back to their enlightened life an illuminated meeting. It also greatly helps Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega play the signs. Ultimately, the liberated mysteries and works of art that have become his big screen, Freeman is relatively liberated as a somewhat self-conscious film star. His character is guided at Carson's low-rent grocery store, where he can explore the role he is playing on indie film. when he sees the DVDs of his films in a preferential package, but his ego is such that he has no shortage to look at and even emulate the staff of the seized store. It is particularly interesting to him that he is a scarlet, a terrible worker from Spain who has retreated to an expression line where he is an effective model. He has an interview with the construction company secretariat, but his frozen insecurity seems to have already hit his abilities. Still looking like Penelope Cruzi's Amazon sister, the beautiful Vega (one of the few redeemable aspects of James L. Brooks's "Spanglish") is a striking edge and a realistic vulnerability to Scarlet. He and Freeman interact very well with the whole story, which includes stops not only in the grocery store but also in Target, Arby's and full-service car wash. Nothing breaks down to show how two people understand the resonance of random meetings. <br /> <br /> Silberling keeps the procedure simple, but the production also reflects Phedon Papamichael's lively cinematography. Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("The City of God") infectious score. Bobby Cannavale (like Scarlet's soon married wife) and Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as funny bits with Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as helpless leader and Jim Parsons ("knight" in the garden ") worshiping administrator. The 2007 DVD is superfluous with extras, including a 15-day or less documentary directed at film students and running for 103 minutes; six extended scenes; Between Silberling, Freeman and Vega In the middle of Target, a light but incomprehensible trilateral conversation; and a few fragments that promote DVD.
