I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. The Shawshank Redemption is on the front of my all-time favorite movies. But I have to admit that I have often thought about choosing my roles. So many of his headlines were big budgets without heart. For me, "10 products or less" means Freeman's return to a role that really shows his remarkable talent. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays an unnamed, formerly major Hollywood actor who hasn't worked for many years. He has been offered a part of an unspecified indi picture about which he is doing some research on the diet in the poor neighborhood of LA. After Freeman slipped there, Freeman's daughter, Scarlet (Paz Vega), is half-friendly. Before she can take her home, Scarlet has a great job interview she needs and Freeman agrees to drive behind. <br /> <br /> The movie is watched by Scarlet and Freeman in several places, but the movie is really only a sign of the interaction between the two. Freeman is the main unlocked Hollywood type who has not heard of Target and does not know his phone number or even the day of the week. He casts the wisdom of the Dalai Lama all over the world, is just a way of thinking and invokes the Scarlet job interview repeatedly "audible". And yet he has a way with people, it affects those that go beyond his fame. He is a fan of humanity. He examines them, asks them questions that are incessant, and rejoices in their wagons, where others simply get angry. In Scarlet he sees a stubborn, proud lonely that he was; he sees the man he used to be. <br /> <br /> Scarlet, for its part, shows a fierce pride and tongue that hides its own insecurity. Vega plays a role in Freeman, which skates almost between the love of a girl and the physical attraction, although she plays it beautifully and is not as horrible as it sounds. But even if he knows his connection to Freeman, Scarlet's eyes are sharp on the reality of his different worlds and cut through Freeman's Hollywood bull *, who hit a sharp pragmatism that refuses to accept anything but truth. <br /> <br Film is smart, funny and well written, and the dialogue is simple but effective. I read one IMDb review that said the lines were "stylish", which I think is a false interpretation of a realistic human speech. There are no great soliloquies, deep souls looking for moments. So this trick is to show how people can connect with each other in normal everyday life. And I think Freeman and Vega are pulling it out beautifully, painting a picture of a bond between two people that shines like the sun on the ocean, ethereal and hard to understand. Long after it has gone, it lives in your memories, tantalizing with you what might have been. OK, it was a little floral, but I really liked the shows and the movie. I definitely recommend it.
