The special debut of Barbra Streisand is still special in entertainment history - in any media. Intelligently divided into three separate works (to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks), Streisand made a brave but masterly decision to make a typical variety event time (which is why guest stars are neither forced nor forced) and bear the whole exhibition alone on his shoulders. The risky movement paid off enormously because MY NAME IS BARBRA set a new standard for musical programming on television. <br /> <br /> Filmed in brilliant black and white (which actually adds to the effectiveness of the show), MY NAME IS BARBRA is flawlessly designed and impressively captured. But what makes the exhibition truly transcendental is Streisand himself. Watching the seventy-year-old performer navigates through a 55-minute show that is nothing more than exciting. He has a fantastic voice (and even performs the first and third act) and gives the first evidence of the immense power that will soon follow him on the big screen. <br /> <br /> The greatest asset of this is the courage to let Streisand just stand on stage and sing some great songs. After a vigorous "Much More" opening (with a short opening, Leonard Bernstein's "My name is Barbara"), Barbra continues to exhibit in a multi-level studio that fills the frenzied classic version of Disney. Late. "I am late" Streisand stops at different levels to sing some terrible numbers, such as the haunting "Make Believe" and the thunder "How is the taste of wine?" In the first half of the law, Barbra enters her childhood "A Kid Again" and then gives very energetic "Five Five" and "Sweet Zoo" performances, while they move over the size, the illusion is finally broken because Streisand finds himself in fantasy and back in the real world, then he sings this lost childhood innocence in cute "Where is the miracle?" then pulls the platform surrounded by the entire musicians' full space, and makes a live studio audience in front of the acute applause "People." </p> <p> </p> <p> </p> grabs "Camp Gust the Blues" before sending the comedy monologue "Pearl from Istanbul." Streisand then leads Bergdorf Goodman to the department store, which allows him to sing the songs of poverty, while some shops o n Elegant: This segment is a much brighter highlight for many fans and critics. Some of the high points of Act II include Streisand, who sings a crowded version of "Second Hand Rose" for the audience, which appears as a Latin bullfighter "Nobody knows you when you're down and out" and represents a disappointed paperboy, while "Brother, Can You Spare a Dime. " The third law of special law is a straight concert with no equipment or concepts. Streisand is a performer who really succeeds at the concert stage and this segment is the most exciting moment. Streisand enters the lap belt with a "gravitational-inhibiting" edition "When the sun comes out" and continues to amaze the viewer with the beautiful version of THE YEARLING ballad "Why I chose you," Lover Come Back Me, "and a shameful attack of three songs FUNNY GIRL. goes beyond the phenomenal transfer of Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday's "My Man", which immediately got into the singer's best beloved signature songs. <br /> <br /> Streisand Fills Her Immortal Ballad "Happy Days Are Here Again" The iconic finishing of the number confirms to the viewer that he has really seen something really special ... MY NAME IS BARBRA was a big rating triumph when he was first presented, and finally he won two more Emmy awards in addition to two Top Five, the Gold sales soundtrack album.
