Streisand's fans only know their work from FUNNY GIRL's film after they have to see this show to see what a brilliant performer Streisand WAS - BEFORE reaching his goal of becoming a movie star. He had never ever been a female singer and would never have been (sorry, Celine - only in his dreams!), But never would Streisand sing with vitality, energy and especially ENTHUSIASM. and VULNERABILITY, which he deals with here - when he arrives at this Central Park concert only 2 or 3 years later, he had filmed FUNNY GIRL in Hollywood and his style has become less spontaneous and reserved, more practiced (and, let's be more angry) - there is a wall between him and the audience. The lively performance was never what he really enjoyed - he did it because he knew it was his ticket to Hollywood, and if he hadn't done it anymore, he did it as little as possible (and oh that legendary the production is such a good excuse!). <br /> <br /> His vowel here and his earlier appearance, Judy Garland, is incredible: Streisand was able to make a really new song and composers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen loved him for that. But in the 1970s, Streisand tried to be a "rock" singer, his albums were catching on to younger audiences, doing too much work that was worthy of his effort or voice. In the 1980s, he returned to this brilliant "Broadway album" but went on and talked about what the struggle to achieve was "how" they told him he wasn't doing it, and so on. Oh, please - when has anyone told Streisand what to do? He could have done all this by bringing his level to the audience, rather than being inclined to what he thought the young people wanted. (The sequel to "Backway Broadway" was not nearly as good as Streisand seems to be necessary to improve the work of other composers: if he were alive at that time, Richard Rodgers would even have recognized his "pleasant evening"? "Rodgers, who has heard with his singers to play with his melody , it would have been after Streisand's singing, which he wrote! He also blows Michael Crawford's CD into his "Night of the Night" duet, apparently reminding him of the CD he wants to take duets and sing them himself , and songs that are not duets and singing them as duets by someone else with whom he or she is then diminishing? Suppose Judy Garland took Streisand aside and advised him: "Don't let them do what they did to me," advice from Streisand was not time to rub - despite his opposing protests, it certainly seems to have always been his way or road. Imagine - SHE told CBS brass how his first TV would be special - No guests, just her HER. <br /> <br /> But no one can challenge the obvious results in this respect. Pamper yourself with this great musical phenomenon BEFORE he was a legend - you'll be amazed at the difference! <br /> <br /> PS - I watched it last night (12/01) after not seeing it for years - it was even better than I remembered! The first law begins with the word "I'm late" and includes "faith" and "how wine tastes" and Barbra's respect for childhood: "I'm five" - ​​this is the top when Streisand appears full (and I mean FULL) orchestra sings " People "- he was not boring with the song yet, and although it is a bit shorter transfer, it really rises - compare it to some of his later" auto-pilot "versions. The second act (after Streisand's "kooky" schtick battery that hasn't changed much over the years) is the famous series of depression songs placed between Bergdorf-Goodman's extravagance. <br /> <br /> The third law is a stunner - call it "Strike, Orchestra, and Audience" (though we never see this historical event as a witness). His fear of the audience and such an appearance do not like it, it may be the hardest part for him, but if so, for his credit he does not show. He tears through "Lover Come Back to Me" and torchy "When the sun comes out" (although I don't remember the order!), Poignant "Why did I pick you up?" (One of my favorite of all time) Strike performances) and offers FUNNY GIRL songs, including (of course) "Don't Rain on My Parade" and my favorite song from "Music That Makes Me Dance". Explaining that "Fanny Brice sang such a song in 1922, and it made him a Broadway toast, Streisand then sings" My Man "and it is almost a dress-up for his later screen shot of FUNNY GIRL (the main difference is that black dress here is a sleeveless - her dress had long sleeves and on the black background everything we saw, her hands and face), but the vocals here are faster and loaded than her later movie vocals. Do with Streisand and have nothing to do with Fanny Brice, who of course doesn't sang this nner like Streisand here or in the movie - see GREAT ZIEGFIELD to see Brice's undervalued version.) The exhibition ends with Streisand, where the songs "Happy Days Are Here Again" over credit. <br /> <br /> When was it passed when I said a friend whom I look at, "He never, ever did something better!" <br /> And he was twenty-three years old!
