Barbra Streisand 1964 was still curious and apparently brought CBS under a 10-year-old, $ 5 million television contract (zero these days) down to more than an industrial brick. But more important than that, Barbra and her manager demanded creative control - and I got it. He had filmed this special movie on his way and, in most cases, his vision was smart, clever and incredible. Opening I action with a title song (not written specifically for him), Streisand runs through a stylish song related to "Ma Late" ("Alice in Wonderland") - he even keeps a line about fuzzy ears and whiskey and "too much time to shave! "; it is completely charming, if not odd, the choice - and enjoy it because it didn't make the TWO audio track albums free. He slows down "Make Believe" (which may be too slow) but dramatic "How does wine taste?" is amazing. "Kid Again" is cute (with Stissisand who looks at a small chair - is it where Lily Tomlin had an idea?), As well as "Sweet Zoo" ("I'm an alligator - crocodile - no, an alligator!"). "Where is the miracle" is very cool and elegant, and the number of "People" surrounded by an orchestra touching him near the song is stunning. Law II is in New York, Bergdof Goodman, where Streisand works in a fashionable fashion (when he plays gently a mink, the audience actually looks at the tape). Law III, before the audience of the studio (which consists of lucky fan club devotees), starts with a powerful version of "When the sun comes out" (Streisand actually watches dramatically near the breath), followed by "Why did I choose you?" (Probably his best early song), too fast "Lover, Come back to me" (where he finally dropped out of the orchestra) and a funny girl. Finale, "Happy Days are Here Again", which allegedly took 12 times, closes the hour in an amazing way. Chemstrand (Fiber Production Company!) Sponsored by this black and white pearl moves quickly through jazz settings, terrific cinema, kicky sets and costumes. They really don't do it anymore - and that is special about La Streisand.
