I couldn't feel that it could have been a bigger movie than it was. The scenario is very intelligent and it just seemed that it could have opened up in a way that resembles seven. Not changing the story - I think mostly through cinematography. Cinematography was the only thing that kept the film. On the other hand, the pace was an absolute point. Anyone who worked on editing did their job well. And I thought Bill Paxton did great management. Now away from technical things ... <br /> <br /> This movie threw me off. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! Everywhere, I really felt Bill Paxton was crazy and when Adam finally took the FBI agent to Rose Garden to show him where the bodies were buried and revealed who he was, I was thrown out. I suspected the first part of the twist, but what really struck me was when he touched the agent, and he sees the agent murdering his mother and the fact that the agent (without any words, just touching) sees it with Adam and asks him how he knew. My dilemma was not that it was another twist, but an almost indisputable idea that this man and his father were not crazy, but actually so "bad guys" that they already knew their sins and crimes. I do not support the eye that I did not believe the film to do the work of God. Instead, I decided to believe they were both clairvoyants and that the father went one day out of this deep end and through the things that he gave to his sons, they continually disturbed them. It was my interpretation, but the complicated thing about the movie was like a house of cards and an endless circle, and what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events you have been sitting on. This is definitely one of those films where I would like to meet a writer so I can ask her what its true meaning is. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they just telepathic and licensed for that? Or do they have some kind of appearance from God? And if so, was it God or the devil who hid himself as God. My friends and we found that we were talking about it all night, trying to find out what was and what the filmmakers were answering at this movie. <br /> <br /> Definitely an amazing and thoughtful film, some of which were very disturbing, but certainly not sensational. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely your thing. Very good was the play and the child playing Bill Paxton and Fenton. I hope he will not get to the child's actor syndrome because he seems to have many promises. I gave this film a good vote for most of the components that made the film, but I would have voted higher if I didn't feel that something (though I can't specify) was turned off and if it hadn't been, the film would have reached even higher levels. However, a firm recommendation, especially for those who are curious.
