Frailty is actually a psychological thriller rather than a horror film. It has all the traps of horror movies, but that's not the case. "Frailty" is a film about the understanding of religion and the realization of the differences between right and wrong. God's work. It turns out that they are the killers of the notorious serums, called "the hands of God". We look at the father killing "demons" in some rather brutal way, convincing his sons and himself that they are doing God and that they are doing the right thing. He claims that he received a message from the angel that gave him specific instructions to remove the demons living here. God has given him a list of names and in return for his "services"; He and his sons get protection, which basically means the police will never be able to defeat them. We see all this in front of us very disturbingly. But what is really disturbing is the effect it has on two sons, especially the older son Adam. Adam himself seriously doubts the existence of the supreme being, that is, until his father and week in the basement change. He knows that his father has probably lost his mind and is quite sure that he will do the same with his younger brother Fenton. Fenton, the other side of that party, takes everything as if it were his own religion. He seems to be trapped in the father's world and the demons world. I think it's because he's so young and impressive. But everything that happens in these three is actually convincing. Events in the movie can be seen as a vivid hallucination experienced by the three main characters. I say this because they respond to the situation in different ways and at one point in the film they claim to see God. Father sees murder for the first time as his mission. His "mission" eventually consumes him and is quickly becoming obsessed with demons. In fact, his hallucinations are the main thing. His "orders" and the names he receives are all hallucinations. Look at an event where the father finds a crib barn to find out where I'm coming from. Fenton, the younger son, is easily impressed by all the talk of demons and destruction. Because he's so young, he's easy to get into his father's trap. Adam, on the other hand, is very skeptical about his father's actions. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS *** <br /> <br /> Hallucinations end in some way when the father is killed at the end of the movie. (I'm not saying how or under what conditions). But I say it's not pleasant. After his death, it is progressing rapidly to this day. (The story is spoken of as a setback, as seen in Adam's oldest son). In reality, the story of Fenton says, not Adam, as he originally believed. The story is about how he perceived it, through his actions and his brother's actions. Fenton has gone crazy and continues what his father started by attracting the FBI agent to his trap. <br /> <br /> Since religion is the main theme of this film, the film also plays a role in the misinterpretation of religion by those who do not fully understand it. Before his father discovered his new task, he had no clear understanding of religion and did not fully believe in the supreme nature. His sons Fenton and Adam often sang innocent little children's church songs, but apparently they did not get a clear understanding of what these words meant. After the father's renewed mission, they both left in separate directions - Adam remained suspicious of being the ultimate creature while Fenton was gradually sucked into his father's madness. <br /> <br /> A very good thriller that pulls you out of the devil, don't look at it alone.
