Frailty is a non-proprietary horror film that achieves its chills by following the logic and impact of human fraud / obsession in direct affliction. The Father (we never know our name) is a gentle man and a loving father who raises his sons alone after his mother dies, the youngest son is born, Adam. The world of the family slides one evening back when the father penetrates into the boys' room and tells them that God has given him a vision. And what vision? the whole family's task is to destroy the demons that are naturally hidden in a human way. <br /> <br /> Based on this assumption, the movie is not being tracked. Dad kidnaps people / demons whom God has ordered him to destroy, bind them, put their hands on them to see their evil vision, then kill them? doing their young sons. The older boy, Fenton, is scared by seeing only a father who has become a mad murderer. Adam, the younger, is uncomfortable but hopes the father will follow God's will. Finally, the father takes his sons on missions to rob the "demons" that God has put on his father's list, and finally invites them to participate fully in the mission of God in the family. <br /> <br /> It's not, you understand, abusive father. She loves her children. He only follows God's instructions: "This is now our work, son. We have to do it." When Fenton is frightened and convinced that his father is crazy, he says he gives him the police, his father explains, "If you do that, son, I'll die. The angel was clear about that." The pressure that children have is unbearable and tragic and integrates their entire lives. (1) The structure of the film is similar to that of conventional suspects: the story of what the FBI agent was talking about at the police station. Fashionable lighting, stormy weather and peaceful peace of the day add to the danger of the background. I wanted to believe that the opening horror was just a story until I remember the real parallel between Andrea Yates, who believed that he was in Satan's possession and could save his children by killing them. Even then, I wanted to believe that I was looking at the human tragedy rather than the story of divine punishment. <br /> <br /> The film did not give me such convenience, as it finally gave the clues to the truth of the father's vision. And that, like some of the holes in the plot, caused me a problem. Regardless of the accuracy of his father's vision, no matter what his victims are, where does anyone give the right to act as an angel of death? (1) Roger Eber Review, 4/12/02
