A number of Richard Attenborough's films have been directed by the great historians - Young Winston, Gandhi, and Chaplin. "Gray Owl" is also a biography of a historical person, but in this case, the Attenborough theme is much more vague. <br /> <br /> Gray Owl was a Canadian writer from the 1920s and 1930s who advocated ideas for environmental protection and nature conservation when these reasons were less fashionable than they are today. He was widely believed to be an American Indian; The story he was talking about was that he was born in Mexico to his Scottish father and mother of Apache and had emigrated to Canada, where he was a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a cab by the lake at a Canadian desert where he served as a trapper. He visited Britain twice, in 1935 and 1937, to promote his books and to give lectures on nature conservation and achieved great success, even when he was introduced to the royal family. (One of these tours was Attenborough, then a teenager, Gray Owl at the London Palladium Theater). However, after his death in 1938, it turned out that he was not who he claimed to be; his real name was Archibald Belaney and was born in the English seaside town of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The film is somewhat different from Gray Owl's life. In the 1934 scene, he claims to be 41 years old; in fact he was born in 1888, so it would have been 46 years. (46 would have been the age of Pierce Brosnan while making the film, so I'm not sure why this change was made). In the last four years of Gray Owl's life (1934-1938), numerous events have been compressed. In the film, he meets Gertrude Bernard with whom he called Anahareo; in reality he met and married Gertrud already in 1925. The film also excludes the fact that they were divorced in 1936 and Gray Owl soon married before his death. <br /> <br /> The revelation of Gray Owl's true identity undermined his posthumous reputation and was left "deceptive". His alleged fraud was even used to discredit the reasons he had won. However, Richard Attenborough is more reasonable than his achievements. One of the topics studied by the film is the issue of ethnic identity. Although the latter Archibald Belaney was not a Canadian Indian at birth, there is no doubt that he knew the culture and lessons of Ojibway deeply and spoke fluently. Ojibway accepted him as a member of his tribe. Therefore, it seems unfair to describe his claim as a fraudulent identity of North American origin, but because he had chosen an identity rather than the one he was born. <br /> <br /> According to the movie, Gray Owl's wife Gertrude was of Indian origin, but came from a family that was assimilated in white Canadian culture. His marriage can thus be seen as the restoration of his family's original cultural heritage. He had a clear influence on his wife, but he also had his influence in persuading him to give up on his furman because he had moral objections to the killing of animal fur. <br /> <br /> One of the criticisms made in the film is that Pierce Brosnan is a hero who seems to be rooted in the idea that Brosnan can only play heroes in James Bond's hall. However, it seems to me that Brosnan can deliberately take on this role in order to avoid prediction, as the silent back of Gray Owl is about as far away as possible from a sophisticated agent, Bond. The original Bond, Sean Connery, also seems to have deliberately chosen contrasting roles when he appeared in films like "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires". Brosnan is very good in this role, although I agree with those who found that Annie Galipeau is a weak Gertrude. <br /> <br /> Another common criticism I disagree with is that the film is "boring". Certainly this is not a film, such as bonds, nor a great epic biopsy like "Gandhi", and it may indeed seem boring to those who were expecting it to be one or the other. However, it is likely that you would like someone interested in the early days of nature conservation or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity. Canadian forest scenes are also decorated. Richard Attenborough has served us, helping to revive interest in this forgotten, but exciting. 7/10
