Entrepreneurship, the most successful franchise in high-budget spin-off film and television history, will be the 90-minute episode of the Broken Bow episode. First of all, a massive sequel is being wound up where Klingon is led by some Suliban (who are the main enemies of the first season). From there, the television movie sends us on a journey that rarely gets as good as it is, with some of the best character, story and action / visual effects that you will ever see in such a short time. <br /> <br /> Open credits are a controversial topic among a small number of Enterprise fans, some of whom believe the song is inappropriate. What they don't understand is the words themselves. When someone listens to the actual song instead of the theme, they begin to assemble parts of the puzzle. And finally, as the series progresses and continues, and we can learn more about our brave captain and his team, does this song really become meaningful. In general, Diane Warren's theme is beautifully orchestrated, and it is the same as the opera song Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes TV shows watchable and time and time again is its characters and structure and layered. The company is (in my opinion) one of the most successful exhibitions from The Next Generation. Choosing Scott Bakula when Captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision because Gene himself put Patrick Stewart into Jean-Luc Picard. When the captain always leads the show, Bakula adds nuances to his role and brings a huge smile to everyone's faces who have blood pumped into their veins. He is just (both actress's wise and characteristic) a great person as well as his charm, common sense and compassion. For other cast members, my favorite is John Billingsley, who plays Dr Phlox. It is also nice to see the non-human role and the decision to give the captain "Porthos" was a well-accepted idea. The whole exhibition was brilliant, it was fast, well-timed and almost perfect. I say almost because, unfortunately, Travis Mayweather's British Anthony Montgomery is a bit weak at the end of the first season. He has something to say here and there, but remains with the manufacturers to make him more important. Jolene Blalock is excellent as sometimes a harsh but equally lovable sub-command T'Pol. Dominic Keating as Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays a strong role and is convincing as an armed officer. Connor Trinneer plays Commander Charles "Trip" Tucker, who always adds charm and comic style to his character, and finally Linda Park like Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character, but fortunately it becomes interesting. All these characters make up Enterprise and everyone brings quality that Star Trek hasn't seen for a long time. Every person makes this exhibition worthwhile. Smiles and good feelings are guaranteed as soon as we see them all along with the Enterprise NX-01 bridge. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, NX-01, is somewhat questionable in design. The series is set 150 years now and 100 years before Captain Kirki. Why then does the ship seem to be similar in design to the mid-24th century ships, namely the Akira class ship? Consistency has been a problem in business, but fortunately Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] offer everyone and everyone the appropriate explanations. Consistency is only a problem if you have studied the exhibitions forever and you are embedded with the smallest details. If you see the sample and openly, then you have no problems, but there is an urgent need to know why all the time. So what did Berman and Braga offer to the Star Trek fan base on the dignity of the ship? According to them, NX-01 is how it happens due to the first contact case. When Zefram Cochrane saw Enterprise-E via his telescope and talked to the team led by Commander Riker, it changed his idea. This is a good enough explanation for me.lets to move on. Of course, it is not so easy for some fans to answer this answer, some go so far as to refuse the exhibition until they get a reasonable answer. Come on guys to grow up. When George Lucas destroyed Star Wars saga, starting his own profits, making a new trilogy, the fans couldn't do anything, looked and looked at it all. And then they learned about it, maybe it's not that bad. If you can't accept a good example of what it is, then not what it should be in your mind, go elsewhere. Or try to become a producer on the play and then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> Enterprise kits remind me of a very deep space from nine attackers. Often they seem cold and have a modern structure and they call them the army. Perhaps this USS Enterprise (American Fleet Flagship) team likes so much. They are striking sets and represent the exhibition perfectly. <br /> <br /> Rick Berman's "Commander of the Empire", as John Logan did so precisely, and his colleague Brannon Braga has hit his nail in exactly where they should be and in all the right places. Whether it is technical, visual, sound, editing or score. Entrepreneurship is pleased with how good the scientific literature on television is when it comes to geniuses. Late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and a Star Trek fan so you should do it.
