The tourist season has just ended on an island off the coast of Scotland, the winter has started to enter and the inhabitants, both people and sheep, live in a much quieter time. Michael Gaffik (James Warwick) is a British Army's former paratrooper, a local dentist, he is not a native island, so he always looks at the relationship with local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) who has little doubt, not maliciously, but just out of defensive instincts , is a dense community for your relatives. The serenity of the islands breaks down when Gaffikin finds out the halted remains of a cruelly killed woman for a single round. He immediately announces his merciless direct to the Insp Inskip (Maurice Roëves) islands police station, Inskip will arrange for the delivery of the nearest local GPs, Goudry, for further investigation. A quick search for a killer turns out to be infertile, as well as looking for a missing local woman. At evening dinner with Michael Gaffik, Fiona understands that a dead woman may be Sheila Anderson, a woman from a continent living on the island during the winter months. A quick search of his home at Dove Cottage reveals his missing body, his home has proven to be a murder scene, but why did the killer kill his torso over miles in the woods? Undoubtedly, the stranger is left with the doubt that one Colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth), who also happened, was the last person to see him alive when they came together on the last ferry. <br /> <br /> Goudry asks Gaffikin's body of victims for certain dental examinations showing that he had broken someone or a great deal of strength, one of the body's tooth marks appearing to a human killer, the other pointing to an unknown animal. some sort of. The sheep are found spoiled and then found in a Canadian ornithologist. With a strong fog inflow, the island is cut off from the mainland and any help, the radio also does not work, seemingly blocked and the phone lines cut. The UFO reports and the camouflage soldier's vision are complemented by the odd appearance of a craft behind the rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything but facts, and laughs at Gaffikin's idea that foreigners may be involved, but the rise of radioactive levels on the island is doubtful. <br /> <br /> Nightmare Man on David Wiltshire's novel "Vodyano's Child" has adapted to Dr. Who and Blake's 7 screenwriter Robert Holmes and director Douglas Camfield, who also had management experience in Sci / Fi classics as well the film has such an experience. genre experts on board. Although the nightmare is a more complete design, which builds its plot with the development of solid characters, even under small characters, time is given to give them a solid background. The surroundings of the islands are probably a cliché of the genre that has been used over and over again, but what I really enjoy, the distance, the limitation without limitation, always adds to the atmosphere, and here it is given an extra oomph by making an impenetrable mist to prevent any effort. It is very easy to deal with the efforts of many of these genres to get stupid and to use melodrama on the plot, but credit to Camfield keeps it all with an emphasis on plausibility all the time. There is authenticity in the procedure, characters that even sometimes speak to develop this point. If there is one negative to the murderer, we will be given his / her POV killing, which is an acceptable cliche in itself, but if it is seen through the red filter and the lens of the fish, it just screams out of the crowd and the film only comes a little. However, although you find it difficult to understand the result or the identity or the question of the types of killer, taking into account the hints provided, it is a fun and well-functioning piece. The local Scottish cast is the extraordinary, local bobs of Roeves and Cosmo with each other well and see joy. Imrie, who has never done any other work, is also pretty good and shows a ridiculous woman's body like Hammer. An extreme, maybe even superfluous end may let some viewers, it cheated me in some way, but given that it was done, it is an understandable and acceptable addition that if you think about it, it's even more terrible.
