First of all, let me tell you that I'm not lunch, but I'm an American. I don't love country music, but I can manage it in the stomach. I never wear a cowboy hat, but I wear hats. I don't live in a trailer but eats a tuna salad and owns a home. What is it about this comment? Much if you are one of those people who only say that people love this movie. This film is loosely based on the assumption "They loved and lost". James Bridges directs the story of American love as real as it can. During the Jerry Springer era and the "Lets it out there" mentality, this movie really rings like never before. <br /> <br /> Bud is an "aging" and starts his life with a little help from his aunt and uncle, so he moves with them to the big city. Bud finds himself drawn from the local honky tonk world only to escape the blue collar man can afford. He quickly meets Sissy, who has a similar background, and two have a swirling romance full of painful ups and downs. <br /> <br /> (* This plot takes so many turns to just sit a few minutes before trying to catch them. The marriage is often overlooked here. The movie is getting married early and watching the transition from one marriage to another. What a woman has when she marries an old man as well as introduces men's ego between women and competition.) Bud is challenged and excited when Micky puts an electronic bull. Sissy also gets ideas for having fun about it, but is quick to remember that she is married and has to start "doing this". The emotions between these two characters are crude and expressive, and the plot continues there, especially when they are divided into (NOTICE OF BIRTH IN STORYLINE) and Sissy falls into abuses and cruelty. Soon he will realize that grass is not always greener on the other side. <br /> <br /> How can anyone compare Budi and Vinnie Barbirino to me? John Travolta gave an exceptional result worthy of recognition. He was plausible and real. A scene where he rubs his beard and you see him in the bar first. Think of you, I'm not a big Travolta fan, but come on, I see why Sissy shoots his shoe so early. Deb Winger was so real that you found yourself in compassion when he wrote Buddhist emotions after they cleaned their house. <br /> <br /> Supporting casting was incredible. Wes played by Scott Glenn gave a first-rate presentation that made you hate and curse when he abused Sissy. Madolyn Smith-Osborne, when Buds Mistress / girlfriend was so authentic, that big skinned girls all over the United States prayed to wake up in a flat box to wear clothes that had been captured in the film. My biggest gums go to Barry Corbin and Brooke Anderson as a Bud aunt and uncle. They looked like somebody's aunt and uncle somewhere in Texas, and although their role was small, they made the film so much bigger and more viable. The two memorable scenes were the Dolly Parton contest and the unforgettable scene where Bud and his aunt stand out after the death of one character. The dialogue between them is moving. <br /> <br /> If you can watch it, what is the true story of American love. Then I suggest that you do it for what it is ... a movie before you gave us a world of voyeurism that is different from ours, but that is real enough for our enjoyment and entertainment. If this world sounds like yours, you will enjoy it so much. Eventually, however, the music will be sent from time to time when you are over 30 years old.
