There is no greater service in history than to misrepresent it. It takes the simplest and lowest way, simply depicting him as a monster. Only showing your negative sides and exaggerating them. "Those who do not know the past will condemn us to repeat." He was a human. It may be difficult for some people to accept, but a significant part of life is facing what we do not want. Instead of demonizing a man, we should try to understand him. Otherwise, we will have little chance of preventing something far from being comparable in the future, or even in the current situation, when damage and misery go. Hate him and what he did does not make him mysterious, deliberate or otherwise. Frankly, this mini-series could play too much "dumb dick * duuum *!" after or during scenes. The whole thing rises, nudges and eye-catching to the public, with a clear message "whether this man was evil or what", which contained every bad trait (as well as several that go directly against who and what he was), letting them appear more or less away , and their persistence throughout their lives, not something he believed or claimed. It should never be educated. Use Der Untergang (Downfall, English) and perhaps point to a few inaccuracies. It is disrespectful of the actual events that have taken place, and of all and all survivors, not to mention the dead. Film Quality? On the latter. It is well done, through and through, great product values, a solid arc on a well-established plot that is strong and reliable, dialogue and script are great, all acting performances are masterful (Carlyle looks and behaves in role ... because it was written ... perfectly, the music is well drafted, cinematography and editing are flawless and creative, and it is definitely dramatic, fun and curious. They get dates and a lot of events and make them fair. If I had been offered this job and I didn't know, so that I would be objective enough that Hitler would appear as a perfectly established person, I would have been the reason for this. I do not blame anyone for being angry with him. How can you forgive what he did, and are we sure we should do it ? I don't recommend it. Finally, let me point out that when I write it, we have a global economic crisis that has been going on for about two years and is not terribly different from the 1929 stock market accident. t led to a new millennium depression: governments give banks money to keep the market, and most countries are now friendly to each other. Moreover, the lesson was not learned. Hopefully this is now. Back to that ... my proposal? Read a book about the topic, non-fiction. There are many informative, smart. The DVD has a trailer. I recommend it only to those who feel better, and urge everyone who has watched it to seek the truth. 8/10
