The upcoming episode of the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes melancholic, contribution that proves that the exhibition is still studying its characters even during the third season; Although all our daily lives are faulty, they have moments and a general, desperate, convincing feeling. Kirk, Spock, and McCoy rush to the planet, assuming they reach the time to save or at least warn any population, because the planet's sun is exploding within hours. But as it turns out, all people in this planet are aware of the fate of the planet and the use of a certain time regime has escaped the past. Every human being has been able to choose the time and place in the past where he would like to live in a "library" led by a senior man, Mr. Atoz. Atoz expects the three men to look for the past to live and show them different periods from which they can view viewers. At the beginning of the episode there is somewhat forced confusion, such as: <br /> <br /> McCoy- Where did they go? Atoz - wherever they wanted. <br /> <br /> The misunderstanding can be quite easy to solve, but there are no plot targets, and soon Kirk will find himself transported back to a period similar to England in the 18th century. Spock and McCoy are sent to the Ice Age, 5000 years past the planet. Here's the main focus on Spock and his relationship with a woman who has been punished by a tyrant today. Spock begins to become more emotional, showing anger to McCoy and deep affection for Zarabeth, the woman. Finally, he realizes that he returns to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors in Vulcan, 5,000 years ago. Kirk first recovers his library and finally convinces Mr Atos that they are not part of his planet's history. Spock and McCoy return just before it's too late, leaving Zarabeth behind. The company radiates three and accelerates when the sun explodes, destroying the planet. The communication between Spock and Zarabeth gives the most memorable moments of this episode, although Kirki's adventure "English" past is fun. All in all, it's a very decent Star Trek of the last day.
