Star Trek's third season's penultimate episode is a great and highlighted last season. Essentially, Spock, McCoy, and Kirk hurry to Sarpeidon to find the planet's population completely missing, except in the presence of a giant library and librarian Atoz. All 3 Trek characters will soon enter the various periods of the Sarpeidon's past time machine. Spock provides convincing results like the ice age Vulcan, who loves Zarabeth, while Kirk repeats his unfortunate experience of traveling - see 'the city forever' - when accused of witchcraft and imprisoned before escape and imprisonment. to find the doorway back to Sarpeidon's presence. Finally, all 3 Trek characters are saved just a few minutes before Beta Niobe's star around Sarpeidon becomes supernova. The company integrates just as the star explodes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, when William Shatner in his book "Star Trek Memories", this show was the source of some controversy because Leonard Nimoy noticed that no reason was given in the Lisette script because Spock behaved so emotionally. Nimoy gave his doubts directly to Fred Freiberger, the steward of the exhibition, that volcanoes were not to fall in love. (p.272) But Freiberger argued that the ice age setting allowed Spock to feel the feelings, as it was a time when Vulcans were still not fully logical to the present state. It was a great example of improvisation in Freiberger to save a script that was much higher than the average of this episode. Although Shatner notes that the decline in the quality of the script for the third season has spoiled the art, as his character was forced to "become a forerunner", "play in Eden", or sometimes display emotions, in a scenario. here was more plausible. Spock's action here was great when Freiberger really promised Shatner. (p.272) The only obvious hole in the plot is that since both Spock and McCoy traveled thousands of years ago, McCoy would have to return to a more primitive human state, not just to Spock. But this is a forgiving mistake, given the poor quality of many other Season 3 examples, the brilliant Spock / McCoy performance, and the originality of the script. Who could have imagined that Sarpeidon's current inhabitants would flee to their destiny if they traveled to their past? This is definitely what we expected from "Classic Trek" - a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> Shatner, "Memories," named his 3rd best "unusual and high-quality example" as a corporate incident, a dove day, whether there is truth in beauty, Tholian Web, and kids need to lead and Paradise syndrome. (P.273) Although my personal opinion is that "And children have to lead" is a very bad episode, while "Is not beauty is true" is problematic, then "all our everyday" definitely belongs to the top three-star list of Trek TOS movies. I'll give 9 out of 10 "All our everyday".
