Unusual Time Travel: Instead of traveling to the past, the main trio stops in the past of another planet. They are targeting this planet, which the sun is planned to go to within 3 or 4 hours (it will cut near it!). In some futuristic libraries they meet Atoz (A to Z, get it? Ha ha) and his duplicates. It turns out that instead of fleeing the destruction of your planet through space travel, all the inhabitants have fled to the different past times of their planet. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine for people to make their choice when they have made a choice (see the prediction of the second Trek for CDs and DVDs we see here). When Mr. Atoz prepares a machine (Atavachron-mis-sis), Galanth Kirk hears the shouting of a woman and rides the planet Earth's 17th century version, where she gets into sword fight and is arrested for witchcraft. There is an eccentric but good performance that the actor plays with a woman with a bad reputation at the time, using the wording of the time ("... you are a terrible fine cream ... a witch! Witch!.!"). Spock and McCoy follow Kirk but remain in the ice age 5000 years earlier. <br /> <br /> Kirk will be able to return to the library first. The real story here is Spock's return to the barbaric trends of his ancestors, a military Vulcan 5000 years ago. It doesn't really make sense, except that maybe the time machine is responsible for the change (not even made by "Atoz" Spock & McCoy - oh! Almost immediately - he mentions that "millions of light years" are right a mistake for hundreds or thousands instead of a logical volcano). In any case, Spock really shows his disgust - forget "Day of the Day" and remember "this side of Paradise" - McCoy quickly discovers that his Vulcan friend does not stand with any of his usual meals and almost gets his face around. Spock also gets it with Zarabeth, a female female who was punished for this cold past (a couple of Trek's novels were written about Spok's son, the result of that union). All of these scenes are eye openers, a reminder of how much Spock hides or holds. It is also ironic that only a few episodes earlier ("Requiem for Metusalah") told McCoy Spock how he never knows the pain of love - and now it all happens. At the same time, Kirk flies with the old Atoz, who demands that Kirk go back to some past ("you are probably a suicide maniac" - the great things of the actor Wolfe last seen in "Bread and Circuses"). It all ends, but as I mentioned earlier, they cut it very close. A nice little trek adventure with a solid cosmic slope.
