Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, presented ideas and even directed episodes of amazing stories, so of course it should be the greatest anthology ever? Sorry, wrong. Some episodes are just fantastic, but too often it was a mixed bag. In fact, it could have been that it was too confusing. Some episodes were mild comedies, some were dramas, some were horror and one was even animated, making it similar but not as good as the 80s in the Twilight Zone (which was also around). <br /> <br /> Normally, I would like an anthology show to have a story mix, but they just didn't work here completely. Some of the more fantastic dramatic episodes felt it would be better to show them late in the Lifetime network, such as "Ghost Train", led by Spielberg himself. In this episode he gave a message of hope and gave us a fantasy story, but in general it was just a structure up to the end, which in any case did not hit me. Dreadful episodes tended to work better than drama, but they were more dramatic and they grew tired. Reasonably, this anthology got some big stars similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker, Weird Al Yankovich and many others well known have been in episodes. It's fun to see almost all the series episodes known by actors. Major leaders have also participated in episodes such as Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese. I'd like it more for fans of fans and / or 80's than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Amazing stories were sometimes amazing, usually good, sometimes mediocre, and every time a real stinker came out. This exhibition has a nostalgic value for me, and it's kind of fun to sit on the eternal afternoon and watch some episodes. For John Williams's theme music exhibition, there is definitely someone who will look at it. <br /> <br /> My Rating: Good Show. 30 minutes. for each episode. TVPG
