Honestly, I waited for it to hate it, and really checked it just because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I have to say I got EVIL out of BREED. A group of college children and their teacher go to Ireland for a "trip". Their accommodation is located near the forest, where it is said that strange things happen and tourists often disappear. The property manager warns the group of post-teens not to go to the forest - they are the stupid B-movie characters they have - of course they don't pay attention and pay their bills one by one ... First, EVIL has a lot of mistakes with BREED. Action / Dialogue is pretty weak and my main grip is that a movie with Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes should be FAR more free than it was here - and Jenna's role in this production is extremely high jumped, since it has a total of about 2 minutes of screen time. Even less is Chasey and Ginger Lynn has no skin and Ireland has the worst accent. The last scene of the movie also makes no sense and feels it is being thrown to end the film. They grab it - there are also good things. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are both posted early, Greico's naked torso reaches the roasting residue, and Chasey dares, which is broken in half (though how it doesn't, doesn't appear on the screen) ... is not bad in the first 5 minutes. Other kill scenes are quite resourceful, including the removal of Jenna's forced breast implant, a guy who gets his colon through his ass, a knife through his face, and some other memoirs. Implant and colon scenes also have uncut versions that have special features, and it's a disgrace that manufacturers made them so they started. The film also moves along a pretty good clip when it moves so you don't have to get too much time out. "Creature" FX is also done competently, which certainly helps. All in all, EVIL BREED was never as bad as I thought. This, along with SATAN'S LITTLE HELPER, has updated ALMOST's interest in American low-budget direct video. Normally, I drive them away, but the two have been enough to give me the faith. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but it's a decent way to blow 90 minutes - maybe it won't make you a bottle of cheap bourbon sucking when I am - I know I was and I'm sure it's not a painful experience. 7.5 / 10
