Hong Kong leaders who move over to Hollywood to make movies are nothing new, as the temporary emigration of Tsui Hark, John Woo, Ringo Lam in the 1990s. Of the collective productions, only a few films (or perhaps just one?) Were affected by the post office. The partnership between Andrew Lau and Alan Mak has been a success for the recent HK cinematography, especially with their now famous trilogy of Infernal Affairs, which was rebuilt by Martin Scorsese's The Departed, so it's no surprise when Hollywood knocks on the door. But if the collaborator Mak, who usually has a script / story, hasn't Lau rated Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like X-files without X, as the story is created, characters and parallels created with Chris Carter's series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes will unite David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, just as they are not part of any armed forces investigative body, but will be defense personnel who have a key role in ensuring that their sexual predators, who belong to their jurisdiction, are kept safe from society if they released from earning time. Thus, they are shepherds who tend to their flocks, only that their flocks suffer from sexual perversion to violence. <br /> <br /> Parallels in characterization are so obvious that it is just a cosmetic touch outside. Like Fox Mulder, Gere Erroll Babbage is a strange, lonely person consumed by his obsession with his quest to lure the chain. There was no attempt to rescue the lost child, as Mulder tortures for his missing sister, colleagues fleeing to Babbage and provide a hidden march as a retirement plan. He is deeply disgusted by the people he is watching, sick of his crimes, and what they are saying he has no unusual methods without using the handle, flying an illegal, preventive punishment. At the same time, he is also urging that he should fight to not cross the line as he reads. As part of her routine, she also looks at newspapers and tabloids and directs her to the goal of finding closure, salvation for herself, and strong conviction that truth is still there, and she wants to believe. > <br /> Danes' Allison Lowry, on the other hand, has been entered to replace Babbage. But in the meantime, she will be attracted to work over the next 18 days, she will be obliged to give her spy and report on her Shenanigans, as Dana Scully was involved with Fox Mulder. Since he does not believe in injustice and keeps the notion that those who have been thrown back into society have improved their temptations, he will slowly see what Babbage sees, and he realizes that it takes much more than just a desk and administration job if he really want to help people. <br /> <br /> And this is the discovery of the world of fetish and deviant sexual practices that we are opening all our eyes, just like the 8mm film by Nicolas Cage. in the spotlight. This is a decent exploratory drama with ordinary red herring, and my, are they really good, because it made you wonder quite often if you think you are right, and you must find yourself soon if you have been wrong at a disturbing frequency, though I does not credit it to a tight narrative, but rather to the scattering number of characters (watch out for Avril Lavigne's coat) and sub-regions. The scene in the darkened container / shop was similar to David Mills of Se7en and William Somerset when they attacked John Doe's apartment and found a lot of inconvenience inside, though, given the nature of the subject, there wasn't much to be missed. <br /> Probably Flock somehow decided that Enrique Chediaki's filmmaking was good enough, despite its very strange style, using almost all the tricks in print to try again to see another Se7en, just as it was deeply brown, not black and black . It takes a little time to get used to it, and I put that effect on something that actually deviates from the impact. Not a pretty good move, but some recurring repetitions with setbacks. <br /> <br /> But Flock is still doing some fun, even though X-philes would probably have a hard time not taking their favorite actors in leading roles, considering so many similar characters. Gere and the Danes put the chemistry like the old spirit (heh) and his defense force, and although it is not quite big, Andrew Lau managed to pull something down.
