I like Richard Gere ... I always and it seems late that his status as a Hollywood star and money maker has slipped, but it seems to me that the reason is that he takes very mature, intense roles and has been very successful in this not only financially, because I've seen him in some pretty big jewels like Hoax, Hunting Party (both have to watch movies! Look at my comments) and now it's Floki, which probably had to be a big press release given its significant € 35 million + budget. Some other IMDb reviews seem to be very, very harsh, because I thought the film was dealing with a very direct, violent and disturbingly very serious social problem, and Gere brings it all home. It is a drama of an action thriller that kept the story glued to the TV. I think that part of the problem that people seem to have is that this is a very serious problem for Hollywood, but I don't think it does it disrespectfully, but tries to take a different spin so people know it exists. In fact, it is much the same as the Hunting Party was dealing with war. Hong Kong leader Wai-keung Lau did a decent job, keeping it together, but I think that is the one that made it traceable. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere, as you thought in his previous comments, is great as a social worker of the kind Erroll Babbage, who has his own style and laws when it comes to tracking his "Flock", a registered violent sex offender. He has no strikes to follow these people, watching them, and absolutely sure they're not attacking, and if they do, he can identify and stop them. Gere is so intense and sees this work as dry and has become violent and angry by looking at these monsters on the street. He's just awesome. Claire Danes is also terrible when Babbage's new partner and his substitute, to whom he has to work. The character of the Danes is much more typical of a social worker and the style and methods of Babbage are a bit surprised, but he understands slowly what he is trying to achieve and go against. Two of them are excellent and have terrible chemistry with very different signs. KaDee Strickland plays a disturbed registered offender who seems to have been torn from headlines as he plays the very character of Karla Homolka (Paul Bernardo's husband who is out of the box) for those who follow Canada's successive killers. His character goes a little, but he's convincing and terrible at the same time. Russell Sams has a small role in Strickland's new boyfriend and would probably play a bigger role. Ray Wise, an amazing character actress (check her in Dead End, but also an amazing turn as Satan herself in WB Show Reader) and she gets a small but good role as head of the Public Security Department and Babbage's superior <br /> <br /> The film is not perfect, despite the astonishment of this lead. It really takes the liberty of trying to make the movie more entertaining than education, but it's just a different angle, unlike Nicholas Cage's 8MM. The flock takes you to sex trafficking, kidnapping, human trafficking and other downstream and it's just something to look at. Maybe it wasn't directed or written as well as it could have been, but I tell you that Danes and Gere together make this movie a completely traceable and truly big thriller. It's annoying, but also something that is not very complicated, and Gere's character in many ways is complicated by many layers and also opens up a social stigma and makes you a vigilant way of thinking when you see the people with whom Gere deals. I encourage you all to ignore the poor comments and see it for yourself, because it's worth a look! 8.5 / 10
