"What is love? What is it longing for in our hearts together? Isn't that the sweetest flower? Does this love flower have no smell, fine diamonds? Is the wind not dirty? Unlike unlikely is it unlikely? Are you someone?" tonight? Don't put your love in doubt, take your lover's hand. Release power inside yourself. Fight in heaven with one intimate pampering, it's not shy, whip everything you have, and do it in the back. Leon Phelps "When Tim Meadows Created your important SNL playboy, Leon Phelps. Listening to his smell of impurities and cheerful comments, my distant stars changed the resentment of shaking. I used the click function more than once, dear readers. <br /> <br /> So when the "The Ladies Man" movie was cable, I poisoned some of my own comments and clicked again. But there is a day, gray and missing, when "nothing" from any of the 100 channels ... sighs. Yes ?? I was confronted with torture by every cable subscriber? watch it or turn off the TV! There he was, Leon Phelps, smiled and ... laugh at me! What happened? Would I be Hollywood's "fool" of sit-com humor? Were I desperate to avoid abandoning my holy throne? The thing is, I like "Ladies Man" more than I should. The story of a vulgar playboy that crashes into cognac, which is in every female form, is at odds with my feminist sensitivity. through life "helping people" solve their sexual conflicts. "I'm Teresa, the mother of the boning," she solemnly announces to Julie (Karyn Parsons), her friend and long-term producer of "The Ladies Man". And he's not kidding. Leaving broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon succeeds almost all of Chicago's bed and breakfast. The fact that he does this with true benevolence is his calling card through life. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaimed "Love Expert" is able to handle spouses and boys with great effort. One such spoiled spouse, Lance (Will Ferrell), is the victim of a smiling ass in the United States, ready for her lovable Don Juan. "Oh yes, we have our revenge," he croons his cohort, show-stop dance number. <br /> <br /> Plus it is so full of joy to see Billy Dee Williams Lester, a tavern owner and Leon's odyssey smooth narrator to find her "sweet thing" and pile of money. (Where's he hiding?) But would I choose this movie as my Valentine's Day selection? Leon was looking for a simple life changing him in so many deep ways - that I had to give my "ladies". That she can find true happiness with a woman close to the movie while offering her extreme advice, is the dream thing!
