Sometimes they get lucky and hit their hands (Wayne's world, first, not second). But most often they have duds (this is Pat recalls quite quickly). This time it is Tim Meadows as Ladies Man. This film is somewhere between shock and dud. It was very funny in the first 20 minutes, but then, as usual with SNL sketches, it starts to slow down before it finally ends, long after it should be. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, radio DJ with the night show The Ladies Man. He answers all gender and relationship questions, usually in the sharpest way. Everything seems to be down to the end. After pressing the station manager buttons, Leon is fired with his manufacturer Julie (Karyn Parsons) and he has to find another job. An accidental blue comes from one of his former ladies. The letter offers her wealth and luxury throughout her life, the only problem is that the letter is not signed. So Leon has to find all the women with whom he is looking for a woman of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the movie, your dream woman stands before you. There's also a sub-block about boys who are women / girlfriends all sleeping with Leon and they want to first understand who he is (with the tattoo he has on his anatomy), then kill him. This bunch is a surprise! Will Ferrell SNL. First of all, I thought the bottom line was pretty flat. The instruments of singing and dancing were simply worthless. I usually like Will Ferrell, but here he just didn't click for me. And the rest of the boys were just the sclubs who were marking, and finally all decided that their spouses / girlfriends cheat on them was actually their fault. So back to the basic story. The story mainly focuses on Leon and the sex. So, what it is is that if you don't like Leon, you don't like this movie. His voice, his motives, his dialogue is what carries the film. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I didn't think he was a particularly good actor in SNL. The only thing I really liked about her was her female man. The best of them is that they usually took part as guest hosts (remember it with Cameron Diaz) and they were short. For about 5 minutes they were pretty funny. And here, about 20 minutes, it's really funny. I thought it was a good thing about the character of the movie, that it remained under the character. He never left a person just by his will. Until the end of the transformation, and constantly speak to tie things together. Besides, Leon was Leon, and he didn't make him anything less raw than he was. There are not many substances in this film if you don't think so. But as I said before, the movie is the start that I was very funny. Some real laugh out loud, all around the sex and his thickness. Of course, the problem with this movie and most other SNL spin offs is that they are characters that should only be shown for a few minutes at a time. Stretching the concept for 80 minutes is very difficult. This difficulty is obviously the reason why they needed a subset, because without it it would have been a little less than an hour. If it was good, it was good, but if it wasn't good, it was boring. <br /> <br /> So generally, the Ladies Man wasn't as bad as the other SNL movies, but it wasn't as good as the others. It had some funny moments, the first 20 minutes were pretty good, but the rest pulled it forward. There was an unnecessary sub-block with the sole purpose of extending the film. The bottom line is, if you like Tim Meadows and his Leon Phelps character, you can watch the movie. Don't worry if he bothers you. If you just want to see Tiffan Theissen in some beautiful revealing clothing. <br /> <br />
