As low as it may seem, I actually pushed the "Barbarians" view several times simply because the VHS cover (and also the image displayed on this website) is so incredibly gay! Now I wish I had been watching it before, because the film is not so gay? Just Trashy, Cheesy, Campy and Huge Fun! It is almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, the director of "Cannibal Holocaust", was the man responsible for this comical financial contribution in today's popular sword and sandal fantasy clips, especially in the Schwarzenegger Conan films. The film opens with an excellent "once and for all" type of external screen narrator who introduces us to Ragneks. Their founder changed only one magically powerful ruby ​​from a pure gold hill, which allowed them to move freely and to access each country's entertainers. In other words, Ragneks has a number of traveling circuses. Their happiness ends abruptly when Greedy Kadar robs Ragnek's beautiful Queen Canary and constantly tries to discover the ruby's location. Meanwhile, and as a waste of some fun time, two orphaned Gore and Kutchek are trained as muscular warriors and are unwilling to fight each other with death. Instead, they escape and work out a plan to release the queen. In fact, the plot is not half as bad as I initially feared, but the most fun is that the beefcake brothers offer on-screen chemistry, crazy dialogues and, of course, completely cheerful fantasy monsters, such as divine dragon cute eyes, some werewolf creature and zombies, that accidentally come out of the swell. The sound track and makeup effects are great and our all-powerful director, Deodato, is retaining a tremendously fast pace. The Barbarian brother's ability to act is much better than I thought, except for the fact that one of them produces constantly hard-hitting sounds. Supporting cast is also great. Eva La Rue never looked more beautiful than the sharp wild girl Cara, Virginia Bryant is really enchanting as Richard Lynch claims on several occasions and lovely Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only look for a movie like a girlfriend with donut-shaped hair (I'm not doing you!). Last but not least, "Barbarians" celebrate all of the favorite faces in the mountains of Berlin, suitably called Dirtmaster. I know that the image displayed is more homosexual than the advertising campaign for the rise and fall of the villagers, but "Barbarians" is a really visible highlight of Italy's exploitation.
