LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle miracle of the film, a work that is deeper, because his writer / director Ismaël Ferroukhi has his own underrated script that allows the story of this "journey" and the important activities of Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majd carries the emotional influence of the film. Ferroukhi's vision is strongly amplified by Katell Djian's film, a sensitive mixture of horizontal travel descriptions and densely photographed duets, and Fowzi Guerdjou's musical result, which can preserve the beautiful themes of the film, while respecting many local musical variations in many countries in film research. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with her Muslim family in southern France, with a young student's western girlfriend, who does not seem to have followed her religious direction. His older father (Mohamed Majd) has decided that his time is to make his Hadj Mecca and unable to ride, reluctantly reluctant to surrender his personal needs to direct him to his ultimate religious duty. These two were in a fragile car to travel through France, Italy and Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. During her trip, Reda turns to her father to visit some interesting sights, but her father is still focused on the purpose of the trip and Reda is irritated to fight for her father's demands. On their pilgrimage, they experience an older woman (Ghina Ognianova), who gives herself to two men and finally comes to Reda, a Turkish man Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian), who promises to lead a duo of a father / son, but instead brings a sketch of Reda into the bar and disappears as well as countless border guards and customized representatives who postpone progress for various reasons. Tensions between father and son: Reda does not understand the importance of this pilgrimage, which is full of trials and injuries, and her father is unable to understand Reda's unknown father's religious beliefs and needs. Finally, they reach Mecca, where they are surrounded by pilgrimage from all over the world, and Reda feels that the importance of the trip is great. The end of the story touches and enriches meaning. He has taken a religious pilgrimage to restore the gap between youth and old age, between sons and fathers, and between the recognition and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this movie is extraordinary - all the more that the camera just seems to "happen" to catch the beauty of many stops along the way without the need to fix them. with special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is a great actor (be sure to check out his latest and currently featured movie "The Son of a Tree") and his carefully nuanced role brings the magic of this film. Another exquisite film about Film Movement, this is a bold story. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
