If you want to be cynical and pedantic, you may note that the opening where the RAF Lancaster bomber is wounded on May 2, 1945 is somewhat unlikely because German air defense was as lively on the same day as Adolf Hitler, but it is not a movie that should look at the cynical audience and I think that the last hours of war are literally killed. In fact, you should have survived the Second World War to fully understand the intellect, beauty and soul of Powell and the Pressburger masterpiece. Are the scenes of heaven looking painful today? Again, you have to watch the movie in this context when it is done. The RAF Bomber's command lost 58,000 men during the war, the same number that America has lost in Namis, but in a shorter period and in much smaller quantities of active fighters, the children are not atheists and I doubt if you lost a relative during the conflict to see material atheism as a reasonable thing. When Richar Attenborough's young pilot foresaw a spectacular vision, many war heroes must cry openly at this scene because they remembered many missing comrades who did not war on war. Also remember that, despite the loss of several million people from 1939 to 1945, there are very few people from Germany who go through gemstones. it is obvious that the Nazis do not go to heaven <br /> <br /> The Earth itself, where the deliberate young pilot Peter Carter, who claimed his life before the heavenly court, would not have turned to me much if it wasn't for the subtext you see a topic or life and death is a very political and visionary film that discourages the end of the British Empire as it is replaced by American ambitions. There are few things that show the film, as people who are aware of American history and culture. One of them is the American ethnic mix, and nowadays many Britons believe that the US is predominantly white Anglo-German Protestants, when in fact only 51% of Americans are white Europeans. The film rightly contains a scene where several different competitions admit "I am an American" because Peter is appreciated by Abraham Farlan, Anglofoob, who was the first revolutionary killed in the British War of Independence. As for the "special relationship" between Britain and America - what are the special relationships? Powell and Pressburger know their history in the UK and America. Obviously they also know their future <br /> <br /> So remember to watch this movie with some senses in the past and some of your mind in the present. It's strange, beautiful, terrible and smart, but above all it's a movie that would never work if it had been done in the last 40 years. Can you imagine whether the story was created in 2003 and turned around a British soldier killed in Iraq?
