After "Dirty Shame", I've never thought I'd see another John Waters movie. This movie was really so bad that I was convinced that all his films would be such. But when the movie's DVD was viewed in a popular magazine and they said it was a great movie, I decided to try it. Just a few days later it was shown on television. I found it under curiosity and now that I saw it, I can tell you that this "Pecker" is much better than "Dirty Shame". <br /> <br /> In this movie, we see how a young "Baltimore" somebody changes over the New York world of art overnight. She is an employee of a sandwich shop who takes pictures of her strange family or the things she sees on the street as a hobby. When she is in her first show shop, where she works, she is the owner of the gallery who loves pictures full of misery and wonders. Her photos are being sold for huge prices, but when she sees her family, friends and strangers respond to her success, she decides she no longer goes to New York, they have to come to her if they want to see her more. And they do it, but what they see there is a bigger shock than they could ever imagine ... <br /> <br /> It's not hard to see why I loved this movie much more than "Dirty Shame" . The first reason is that the film has a real story. There really is something to say about this movie and it's not just for shocking as many people as possible. The fact that they entertain the art world, who thinks everything is normal as art, because they don't know what reality is, is not just funny, it's not far from the truth. I think there are many people who know contemporary art in this way. Nobody understands why they make such noise, but obviously we should all like it. Another reason I liked this movie was that it had much better exhibitions. I'm not saying that everything you see is great, but at least characters have some meanings thanks to the general performance of different actors like Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... <br /> <br />. is not a great movie, but thanks to its criticism and good jokes - which has never gone too far - it's an enjoyable movie. Certainly it is never the best comedy, but I liked it much more than "Dirty Shame". I'll give it to 6.5 / 10.
