Before that small and whiter, the subject of criminal rape never did on the American screen. There were many of the topics Hollywood and the production code were hiding until the rebels until the 1960s. It is not surprising, therefore, that a small independent company such as East Lupino's filmmakers would be an issue to raise. The result is a good meaning, but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising, as director Lupino had to work with Code to release the film. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, Ann Walton's (Mala Powers) main problem after the attack is not how others see him, but how he sees himself. And this is the heavy load it carries. Can he ever communicate with men again? Do they look at him as "spoiled goods" (after all, it is 1950)? It is a small miracle that he runs at home rather than at work instead of these threats, although the family and friends are generally supportive. Generally, this first part is serious and well done. Chase is hyped to inject some action on the plot, but then this movie has noticed how unpleasant the neighbor is not responding to the horse's horn at the end of the chase. If they had caused disruption instead of Powers, the lack of neighbour's response would have created an interesting problem. <br /> <br /> The other party has pretty much handed over Revision's recognized person's production manual. Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is he (citing the phrase) who "gives his courage again to life". There is some effort to make him humanize - whether it is Ann's or his dilemma he's most interested in. But his delicate and understandable presence comes up a little too wonderful and a little bit of Hollywood. Fortunately, the end of the usual Hollywood collusion avoids emphasizing only Hope's hope for a happy resolution, not for its certainty. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino a lot of credit to deal with this topic. Given the overall results, I hope he has dealt with the subject as honestly as he was promised. I also hope that today's audience will find that treatment is a little interesting, mainly thanks to Powers' excellent performance, which brings out a purely human drama. But the film now works best as a document of its time and what the cultural figures of this day were suitable for viewing adults.
