I love this movie. Director Michael Powell once announced that it was his favorite film, and that is mine. Powell and Pressburger created a seemingly simple, perfectly crafted story - the power of love "against the authorities." But its fraud lies in its "complexity" or "imaginary" premise. In principle, it can be said that it simply represents the impact of war on young, poetically inclined air travel during World War II. Or is it? The question is never answered in one way or another. In fact, it has never been asked. This constant underestimation is part of the film's complaint. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and cinematography even contain some nice touches that represent the interests of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a film version of Richard Strauss's opera, Der Rosenkavalier, a young 18th century Vienna aristocrat. This is evident in a short ratio, where all the 71 conductors dressed in his ornaments keep the rose (which appears in silver in the sky). Music is even a dream quality. <br /> <br /> All actors are first class - David Niven is his most charming and has a great veteran Roger Livesey and relative newcomer Kim Hunter. But in my opinion, the film's charm comes from Marius Goring as conductor 71. He is by far the most interesting role in filling every scene with an innocent light-minded, luminous film. Unfortunately, some of the Conductor 71 scenes remained on the floor of the cutting room. It is also a pity that Goring's comedy talents are rarely seen again in the film, except for the stunning videos from the 1950s by the Scarlet Pimpernel television series. This is by far the most memorable role in your film career. She is the perfect foil for Niven's relaxed style and her virtual overpopulation is so beautiful that the rest of the characters are serious. It is also ironic that, in the mid-1940s, Niven celebrated the bishop's wife against another celestial messenger played by Cary Grant. Their styles were so similar that I found the result boring, unreasonable and disappointing. According to Powell, Goring desperately wanted Peter Carter's role, initially refusing to conduct the conductor 71. It is a good thing he gave and gave us such a pleasant image. <br /> <br /> Film, "commissioned" To streamline the intense relationship between the UK and the US, he is driving his point to the end. But it is disarming to continue with the general needs of its delicate war disasters, both military and civilian, when it comes to death. Heaven is a striking lack of enemies of World War II, but the civilians shown are of indefinite origin. Powell and Pressburger would have been clearer in their imagination, but it was not necessary. The film may not have served its diplomatic purpose as hoped, but its originality still inspires both viewers and viewers on both sides of the Atlantic.
