Some unsuspecting films have a message that resonates within hours and days after viewing. This is also the case with CAROL'S MANAGEMENT (EU VIAJE DE CAROL), a beautifully designed 2002 film from Spain, based on Ángel García Roldan's novel A boca de noche, who also adapted the book as a scenario. The war and its consequences are not a new topic for films, but if this war theme plays a subtle motive in the background to develop letters (especially children) that have to influence adult life by adult games, the result is a different film genre exploring the future age class. <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Spanish-American youngster from New York who, with her critically ill mother Aurora (María Barranco), returns to her Aurora home in 1938 at the height of the Spanish Civil War, home of her father, Don. Amalio (Álvaro de Luna) has left behind after his wife's death. Carol's father Robert (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot with Republicans against Franco and rarely with his family. Aurora has a past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso, in turn, married Aurora's cold sister Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who stays with her grandfather Don Amalo until he meets other age, but not his class: Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and his two friends at the first outrage at Carol, but when events develop at Carol and Tomiche is related to it, what seems like the first awakening of love. When Aurora dies from her illness, Carol has to live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), but turns to her grandfather and mother's best friend and teacher Maruja (always Rosa Maria Sarda) to understand the differences between class and meaningless war between her and her beloved father. Through many incidents, Carol and Tomiche learn to become adults, getting more traumatic with shorter wars than most of us experience in life. The end, though sad, rises when Carol's ride to maturity is over. <br /> <br /> The film is filmed in Galicia and Portugal and contains some extraordinarily beautiful settings, collected by Gonzalo F. Berrid and sensitive lighting. The musical result of Bingen Mendizábal. Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line that separates the sin of the bath, and when deciding to concentrate the story on the children involved, he makes an even stronger statement about the negligence and cruelty of war. Exceptional: the stars are clearly young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by fine veterans of adult roles. It's a visually stunning job with a steady message and should find a much larger audience than it is by that date. Grady Harp
