Opening flourishes, leaving me happy with my invention - the revised version of the Archers logo, introductory disclaimer, and the camera put on space. It's strange to think that in the same year, "It's a wonderful life". Not a big coincidence: the 1940s were loose with films of heaven and earth. but the glowing cotton mist and the angels of the competition look split, something best goes quietly when placed next to Alfred Junge's vision. and we have more striking ideas. I'm not a big fan of mixing color in black and white in general. One of the two visual schemes almost always looks ugly when placed next to another. Not so here. Powell dissolves the color into a monochrome and monochrome color, if it were the most natural thing in the world - just changing palettes. Both color photography and black and white can be independent. <br /> <br /> As for the story ... it may be Pressburger's best script, or at least it would have been the logical result of previous events. Other than that, it's dense, but more ongoing than I can refer to here. Was the celestial stuff real or imaginary? (Or both? Maybe Carter dreamed of the fantasy that was as it happened, true.) Everyone says we don't want to ask or answer this question, but I don't see why. I'm sure we want to ask. The film even gives us some clues as to what the answer is - indeed, the problem is that there are too many clues and they seem first in different directions. The fact that other things should also capture our attention does not mean that we should not take it. As I said earlier, there is a lot going on. <br /> <br /> Think of a scene where Abraham Farlan (Attorney-at-Law of the Sky) plays the cricket radio broadcast and says with disgrace: England's voice, 1945. Farlan listens to being in a lemon in his mouth. Reeves looks mysterious. <br /> <br /> Snobbery? Well, I don't understand why this is a condemnation of horn music - and that's not what Powell and Pressburger are doing. When the song is played, we get American soldiers who listen to it: several of them suffered their rhythm, perfectly at home. They don't find it incomprehensible. There is something valuable about the song and Reeves and Farlan don't know what it is. Reeves probably understands so much. All English audiences (and all Australian, Indian, etc. viewers) know that there is something of value in cricket transfer; and while Reeves realizes that he cannot explain it to Farlan - so in blues-ether, which shows that people can understand each other without sharing an understanding of everything else. It's a smart scene. The last thing. I found David Niven a little cold, without charisma, which he would later acquire during his career; But even so, I don't think the film has grabbed it as fast as it did after the heart started.
