Did Mystic Pizza win the Oscar this year? This film never had a chance for casting, but maybe now people can see why I felt it when I left the theater. Only in "Wargames" did I feel like after leaving the theater, feeling that I had a glimpse of our future. History has shown that it is exactly what happened. <br /> <br /> Casting is the pop culture of the 1980s Cuisinart: you get Arnold as Ben Richards, the framed refugee offered the chance to "free" his freedom in the game, showing the same title as the movie; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian, who treated his role as the host of a family chamber whose rivals used real weapons; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and Co-wrestler Professor Tanaka as "Subzero", both "stalkers" who kill "running men". Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) appear, while "future dancers" are nothing but Laker Girls. This movie SCREAMS "80s." The plot is a good excuse: Ben Richards has decided to prove his innocence, but agrees to be a running man when he is told that his friends are free; Instead, they join him as "competitors". Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is a standard that allows Salma Hayek to be properly evaluated in the 1990s. <br /> <br /> The film's production value was a bit bad, the lines were cheesy and (at that time)), the plot seemed a little far away. I remember thinking when I left the theater, we were definitely in the direction of the movie, but who could have seen how far we were going and how fast? When The Running Man is listed in the TV Guide, most people would expect it to be another reality show that pushes the envelope today. The government's influence on the media has only deteriorated and dumbed-down American publicity for the future, giving up all its freedoms for "national security", is completely chilling. Arnold plays Ben Richard very well as one of the few remaining races against the government tyranny that the rest of America is too willing to accept for the good TV and the audience's distinctive gifts. <br /> <br /> The movie was over the top, maybe even a cliff for its time, but as it returned to III, the "line" that seemed to sink in 1987 was replaced by 2006. This movie will travel to the future of one of us time as prophetic films. It is tragic that, like Wargames, the Academy did not give this brilliant scenario that it deserved. "Serious" actors who are serious about being so careful that you want to throw can win more Oscars, but it doesn't make them better movies than their "ordinary people" like it is. <br /> <br /> Absolute must-see.
