In the 1980s, Arnold once again showed that he was the king of action and that the futuristic film lining of this quiz violent game shows that no competitor lives. But as the set of characters says Arnold still play! The film begins in 2019, when the world economy has collapsed with food and other important materials that are short-lived and created by a totalitarian state that controls all aspects of life through television and police. This is the most popular game show of The Running Man, where criminals are forced to survive against those "Stalkers" who live to kill them. <br /> <br /> The film will be opened by Ben Richards (Arnold), who heads the helicopter mission's ongoing food rebellion. His bosses have commanded them to shoot, refusing to throw him out and throw him in jail, meanwhile they killed people without his help. The government accuses Richards of a massacre called "Butcher of Bakersfield". Eighteen months later, Richards worked with two friends, William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre), where they worked. They take the subway run by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic identifies Richard as "Bakersfield butcher" and refuses to assist him, but his friend would otherwise convince him. They want him to join the resistance, but he'd rather live with his brother and get a job. Soon he finds that his brother has been restored to education and that his wife, Amber Mendez (Alonso), has taken her apartment. Knowing who he is, he doesn't help him, but he persuades him, but the police stop him at the airport when he rolls him out. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, running man has trouble with new good blood to kill stalkers there. Damon Killian's (Dawson) show citizen and one of the country's most powerful men can see Richards' escape material and be able to show him after trying. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of making a contract. You love this part. But he will soon find that they will join him and will make sure Killian knows he is back. Runners will get there through the zones and fight with memorable characters, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many others. Finally, Richards joined Amber, who suspected he was established but was also caught and thrown into the game. Together, they find the underground and return to Killia and give him goodbye. <br /> <br /> The current man is another of Arnold's 80's major films of the 1980s. The film was probably based on the same name, Stephen King's book. Some have said the book is better. I'm sure it's not, and I don't care that I love the movie. As with all Arnold films, the actress is what to expect with Arnold's classic liner and even Ventura's pair. But no doubt Richard Dawson is special in this movie. Being a real game player, he has easily deceived himself and managed to create a character that was truly cold bloody. The whole film itself is lurking in the game and the grandmother watching you. Keep an eye out for them to have fun and some old exhibitions "hate the boat". Also Arnold, Koto was very well cast, and Alonzo does not forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! It's all about the reality TV, but it's for sure that Hollywood liberals would turn this movie into Evil Bush. Most of the new DVDs had bad additions that were the only redeemable ones. Some of the ways in which ACLU managed to get part of Communism there, and that is a ridiculous garbage that shouldn't be all about the Arnold movie. Escape! All in all, it cannot be left to any Arnold fan who grew up in the 80s. One of the first to see it in the 80s and it is still great. The futuristic world and humor are great. Generally 10 of 10 stars, certainly one of his best.
