I'm still a new Crimean genre, and the one I've ever seen before was a somewhat disappointing "The Dead Eyes of London" that didn't inspire the exact hope of the rest of the participants. genre inside me. When I first saw it, this feeling would have been different if the college girls' murders were an odd and rather unpleasant attempt to slip off the crimes; It's a lot of fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a movie that throws so many strange and wonderful ideas into the script and manages to pull it out of style. The film begins in a lab where a crazy scientist has invented a new and very poisonous poison that kills his victim and sees it as they died as a result of a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal who interrupts ordinary criminals from prison to carry out his murders with this poison (and then they are put back in jail). As the title suggests, it is a nearby college full of girls offering most of the victims. There's also a mysterious monk dressed in red clothes that roars the blasting of the neck. <br /> <br /> Of course, like this with a plot; it's not exactly a serious thing, and the director clearly knows that if the film has a very language-in-cheek vibe that proves well with the plot. The fact that there are so many different sides to the plot, unfortunately, means that not everyone runs smoothly; though this is not a big problem, because things are kept well over the film and there is always enough attention to keep the audience interesting. The atmosphere is great and the color scheme of the screen is very good. Of course, the film is based on the novel by Edgar Wallace and apparently the person has great imagination; The places used are also excellent, and although the number of wild animals and exotic animals that have been killed may not have any importance on the plot, it helps to give the film something else. You can't wait for a conclusion that makes sense after everything is going on in this movie; but the cause of the murders makes sense and it is a satisfactory way to reach the climax of the film. Generally, College Girl murders are great small mysteries and those that are highly recommended!
