Prussic gas, a murderer with a red clan game and a hood that keeps the white whip and college murders murdered by paid convicts, a mysterious master who keeps his face inside an embassy with hidden turtles and fish aquariums. The Scotland Yard inspectors, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his chief Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) are definitely in this case. It seems to be focusing on the student Ann Portland (Uschi Glas), who must inherit a lot of wealth when she is 21 years old. The target girls share a room with Ann, but their murders are the mysterious secret of SY. The girls in the dormitory seem to be hiding something and some faculty members are killed in the red monk's masking ghost, talented enough to strangle the necks of the neck that was attacked by whip. Some mystery men have ordered two prisoners to use the newly created poisonous gas created by the murdered scientist, which was supposed to be a financial exchange of his work. This is a smart scheme where the leader, Greaves (Günter Meisner), meets with convicts (who hide the barrels), assisted by a corrupt prison guard. Blindly attached to the secret space of the ancestor, he orders them to kill and how. Opening this operation is of paramount importance to Higgins and Sir John because it leads them to the truth they are trying to kill and why they are taking place. In case of doubt, the head of the girls' dormitory, her brother, sweaty, incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, fun gardener and Bannister. Some of them are red herring until they are destroyed, throwing the viewer into the loop each time a real master is discovered. The end contains several twists. <br /> <br /> The Crimean movies I've seen are COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS with the freshest killer, the central point that gives many surprises and suspected suspects, & varieties shenanigans for adult and college girls in the dormitory. I think you can also see James Bond's influence on this particular Crimean film as a scuffling secret hideout with an alligator (..not used). The face of the scared victims, Greaves' Royles Royce, with latches that cause the valves to darken the windows without detecting the occupant in the back seat, and the peep holes used by the girls in their rooms and during their swimming. Many could consider Sir John's responsibility as his worship, buffering behavior, and how he often undermines Higgins' ability to get to the truth (.. maybe kicks the know-how of all British inspectors who harm the case more than solve it) .. I felt that he was used to relieve comedy, especially his attempts to psychoanalize suspects and potential victims, often incomprehensible to him. Higgins, using his skills as a researcher over the years, instead follows clues / facts, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. Possible direction by reliable Alfred Vohrer who keeps pace at strange speeds and the scenario is full of interesting signs and passionate content .. The fact that so many dormitories around the dormitory are suspects may be one of them carrying a whip or calling behind the executions of these murdered girls. I would say it could be one of the best (.. if not the best) examples of Crimean genre because it keeps you away, always one more ace on your sleeve. opening (.. and you can even pull the real mastermind into a real pull by pulling the strings from top to bottom).
