This is testimony to Gosha's incredible filmmaking ability to perform in Hitachi in 1969, as well as his stunning masterpiece Goyok. And this is a sign of how he is criminally underestimated by the public (compared to the media) like the great Akira Kurosawa) that both Hitokiri and Goyokin have received less than 500 votes. <br /> <br /> Shintaro Katsu is Okada Izo: a mad dog killer, a loyal Tosha clan and their boss Takech, played by another genre of stalwart, Tatsuya Nakada. The Tosha clan was part of a larger ally that supported the emperor against the enchanting Shogunate. The historical background is quite accurate - Japan's growing political instability between the imperialists and Tokugawa, and Western pressure to end the 300-year social and political isolation. There is a lot to know about Japanese history, or what eventually led to the restoration of Meiji and the loss of Tokugawa Shogunate, but it is not important in any way. The film was mainly made for the Japanese audience, so some things are self-evident, but it flows well for the ignorant. <br /> <br /> As one would expect from Hideo Gosha's film in his golden years (late 60s), the visual palette is breathtaking, with the use of external and internal symbolism that hides behind the pictorial beauty. At the same time, the style is never decorative for Gosha - it is always used to make the story. <br /> <br /> Hitokiri dominates the story, literally as well as figuratively tortured protagonist Izo Okada. Like most chambara protagonists, Izo finds a double moral bonding between the giri (commitment) and the ninjo (natural impulse) - although he takes time to understand exactly what his giri is. In the first half of the film, Izo tries to improve socially. Married aspirations of a social rank and an aristocratic daughter - a great advance for a 19th century Japanese rigid social caste farmer from the background. Iso's turning point is when he understands the cost of self-improvement, the loss of identity and the resulting loss of self. At this point, he is going through a very symbolic transformation of the Tosha Clan's famous swordsman to "rename" a newspaper without a past or future, Torazo Vagrant. Although there is no technically unnamed and not genre in the Yojimbo Hall, his former loss of self and the expulsion of the ego, the ambition and self-expression that allows Izol to see things as they really are, and redeem themselves. <br /> <br /> Hitokiri ends (which I will not disclose here) in the best way if any story can end: both positive and negative, with a deeply ironic twist that gives Izole a laugh, the face of the last sardonic note of death.
