Another Pokemon movie has hit theaters and again, I hear the same old, "Pokemon is dead, blah blah blah." Franchise detectors cannot be wrong. Children are still playing a game card, they are still watching TV series, waiting for Game Boy Advance games and they want to see "Pokemon's fourth movie". <br /> <br /> "Pokemon Fourth Film" introduces us to two more "legendary" Pokemon: Suicune, the "North Wind" tradition and Celeb, the guard of the forest (and the note of the show). Celebi transports himself and the boy named Sam 40 years into the future, to the present day where Pokemon coach Ash, his loyal Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty are driving through the Leadership. Sam and Ash become a quick friend when they discover another mutual love for Pokemon (Sam's vintage pokeball with a screwed top is a great moment). Together, they decide to protect Celebit's story from the attacker, Team Rocket's agent, Vicious, who is hitting curved Celeb at his ends. Can Ash and Sam protect Celebit from Vicious' Dark Balls? Where does Suicune fit with the picture? Did Jessi, James and Meowth have bigger parts in this movie than they used to be? And exactly who is Sam, really? <br /> <br /> As with the first 3 movies, when you go to the movie, decide that you automatically hate what's just because it's a Pokemon (or just because your child / niece / nephew / younger brother / Brothers "threw" there, then you hate it because you have decided you want to hate it. It may be, but the dark trash "Pokemon 4th film" just because it is a Pokemon movie and especially without seeing it, is just stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without having to know the details of every last Pokemon. I'm not saying you get a Pokemon fan because of this movie, but you can really enjoy it by letting yourself. <br /> <br /> Unlike the first 3 Pokemon movies, "Pokemon Fourth Movie" is broadcast by Miramax, which I have heard, and works to secure the rights to the fifth Pokemon movie that appeared in Japan last summer. Miramax claims to have a boffo-aggressive marketing strategy called "Pokemon for Film 4", but everything I've seen so far is a weak limited release that doesn't include the usual Pikachu short start that I was really looking for. I hope Miramax sees fit to put Pikachu's short name "Pikachu's exciting hiding and searching" at least to release DVD / VHS, if not with the release of the future wider "Pokemon 4" movie. I hope the current press release is just the tip of this fun iceberg.
