At the end of the 1930s and early 40s, the golden age of adventure films, which has been on the rise with budgets during the economic upturn, was the change in screen entertainment after product codes came into force and the overall worry-free optimism of the times. While most of them were wild, supernatural and, to be honest, poisoning, such as Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, hanging career men, Gunga Din is very different in focus, scope and tone. Gunga Dini's secret is the division of labor in her writing team. The original story is Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of Hollywood's most experienced and celebrated writers. But the real scenario was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, both of whom, especially Guiol, had a comedy background. From these four, there is a plot that is well balanced and interesting, but is also smart with comic touches. Most of the adventure traps of this time were at least partially comedy, usually with one or two comic strippers, but they didn't use a laugh as Gunga Din does. Here are all the main characters of objects or jokers. We see that the threatening threat of the bad sons suddenly diffuses when the scene dissolves into a light-weight blow. The first main scene of the battle is the homogeneous blend of deeds and gaggles in Douglas Fairbanks (Sr.) Pacific Swashbuckler style, which was largely unable to be copied by Flynn and Power vehicles. In the middle of Gunga Dini, the action must be paused and there are many talking scenes in the interest of the plot. But the constant future of comedy? like a spiked routine routine? make this "slow" part tolerable. <br /> <br /> Producer-director George Stevens was natural when he went to a thing that cut his teeth in Hal Roach's studio apartments and drove almost exclusively to comedy to that point. It was his first full-length feature film and he does amazingly good work. Especially the use of his moving points makes the battle scenes extraordinarily inspiring. Does he also bring something that you rarely see in the photos of this era? Feel the real fear and fear. He sets it up with the harsh and predictive mountains that dominate many shots and worship characters. The depiction of the abandoned village and the Thuggee cultists cries "Kali!" is really haunting. This dimension of fear plays in all the other emotions that work here, causing us to be concerned about these pleasant signs and making comedy more stress-relieving. <br /> <br /> True genius is about the way an eponymous hero is introduced to the audience. We are informed visually of Din because he is prominent in many scenes before a person actually touches him or refers to him orally. As a result, we have the impression that Din is not an important figure in the regiment, but that he quickly gets us a significant character and decisively compassionate because we see that he is risking his life and giving death to the people. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors are everything that cannot be done without the pain. Do not be afraid, because Gunga Din is top-notch! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were perfect with the material, as their best roles were usually between drama and comedy. Especially Grant is his best, highly believable, but occasional burst into the gateway that was his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not quite a companion to his companions, but he is not bad at all. And of course, Sam Jaffe, whose curse is cursed, is forever playing these magic, but who else could play with such dignity and humanity? I have not put out the alternating adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and many of their pictures are absolute classics I love absolutely. But Gunga Din does things that even the best laptops could never achieve. Not only does it leave a frightening male leader or a girl who defies clichés, but also successfully combines the genre with comedy and poignancy, so some pictures have been done before or after. And that's amazing.
