I love to give this film to 10/10, but in my existing state I can only go 8/10 cups. Editing this movie's postcode (read: destruction) provides 2-point demerit. <br /> <br /> From my very limited knowledge of film history, Baby Face was probably one of the two films that finally produced a camel and brought out the complete hatred and enforcement of product codes in 1934. (I don't know what the other movie was.) As a result, the movie was not allowed to be re-released in its original incarnation after 1934. It was comminuted and edited as bits, and no original version is known. The best we see today is the version shown by TCM (Turner Classic Movies), but which is obviously edited in many scenes and really disappointing "happy end". <br /> <br /> All of the above, the movie is still pretty darned big and fun to watch. Barbara Stanwyck is, as always, absolutely amazing and wonderful. He is so beautiful and powerful; he just owns the whole movie! She plays a woman who has been used by men all her life, starting with her father, who blinds her to local Erie, PA steel workers and local politicians if you don't shut me down. I'll let you sleep with her daughter. When a father dies near the start of a flick during a hot explosion, Stanwycki is a priceless smile. <br /> <br /> After the fire, Stanwyck Erie leaves with his servant and leads to New York. He sets his sights on the skyscraper and literally starts his way to the top. Starting with HR, he sleeps with him to get the bank's entry-level position. From there, he sleeps with a man after a man (including very young John Wayne), using every new man to help him on the ground for a higher paid work on a higher skyscraper floor, with increasingly powerful male bosses cum sugar. Stanwyck will stop something that will rise up. It is nice to see that he and his servants are increasingly in cheerful clothes and apartments when Stanwyck works upstairs. Stanwyck is the ultimate femme fatale, manipulative, he-vixen in this flick! When you watch this movie, I suggest you stop when you see how George Brent's character (Courtland Trenholm) died in Stanwyck. Leave for the remaining 3 minutes! The "happy ending" that hit the end of the postcode target film offends the audience's intelligence and disbelief: the bank's board members sit at a table introducing the bank and the tragedy of Mr and Mrs Trenholm's million dollar donation, but in poor Erie, where former VP Trenholm is now working in steelworks - Cut exactly the same film material we saw at the beginning of the movie - The End. TEL-LEEZE - HOW LAME! The movie ended up with George Brent's successful suicide attempt. I think the ending ends up much better with the overall mood of the movie than at the end of the postcode. <br /> <br /> I really hope that printing this initial flick version of the flick will be discovered during my lifetime (update: the original is found and it should be on DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). So far, I enjoy the version of TCM and turn it off before the end of the code.
