The pre-release version of "Baby Face" in 1933 would be an ideal introduction to a business seminar on sexual harassment. Lily Powers, led by Professor Nietszchean, rises from the simple virtue of life in his father's jargon to fast climbing into the corps of large banks. Since the ladder of each ladder is an executive whose brain is below the belt and its ethics locked into the treasury, there is no victim of the film except for Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by a malicious exploiting father. The destructive relationship with his father shows that Lily is a hidden motive by which men use their fate. Although Lily is cynical and obvious in her approach, the betraying men they are targeting provide women and grooms to trade sexual benefits. Perhaps the failure of the 1930s banks is less for the economy than the morally corrupt leaders who are disturbed by ambitious women. <br /> <br /> The plot moves quickly and the camera moves from the window to the office building facade window. as Lily is getting higher. Barbara Stanwyck revealed roles with harsh bites and she's up here. Sentiment does not penetrate when it is ready to climb to the next step. Only her african-american trustee Chico gets Lily's affection, trust and loyalty. In more enlightened times, the men who enjoyed the beauty of the fresh nature of Theresa Harris playing Chico would be throwing furs and penthouses. Stanwyck often seems to be too over-rigid and rigidly fixed compared to Harris. Despite Stanwycki's harsh behavior, obvious tactics and artificial vision, he is able to leave a trail of scared and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook and young John Wayne. <br /> <br /> The preferred version of "Baby Face" is a 76-minute restored paragraph. The edited version of the film is struggling with the complex facts that the longer cuts and explains. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under the assumed name, intended to give a lesson by quoting Nietszche, whose opinions about women were controversial. Despite Alphonse Ethier's lectures and advice that life will not let, Lily is likely to owe more to her power and money to her upbringing and her father as her professor's mentor. But philosophy is just distracting attention. The short, fast paced and entertaining "baby face" is as moral as "Wall Street". Substitute Gordon Gecko for Nietszche and Lily could have declared that his leading philosophy is "greed good."
