Is it considered a Pre-Code movie? director, who later made musical biological THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also paranoid sci-fi INVASION U.S.A. (1952)! ? and has one of Barbara Stanwycki's best early roles. <br /> <br /> Has he been supported by a fine pain that includes popular actors and prized character performers? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton, and John Wayne (at one point, Stanwyck addressed a nickname from a popular song that is constantly heard all the time) in the former category and the last Robert Barrat (like Stanwyck's father), Donald Cook (if his most tragic conquest), Alphonse Ethier (more about his older mentors later), Arthur Hohl (central politician), and Henry Kolker (like Cook's boss and father-father) right that Stanwyck seduces). Strangely enough, the movie was erased after Walter Brennan's appearance at his own request, when the film caught up with censors! <br /> <br /> The tilted or typically hard-boiled dialogue and realistic Anton Grot sets, the narrative contains the unexpected nietzsche philosophy of intellectual Ethier, fed by our small town hero (Stanwyck criticizes him for not being a fire ball) "which, of course, contradicts his later comedy led by Howard Hawks and starring Gary Cooper?). Under the auspices of Ethier, he quickly flourishes a virtually heartless character, which confirmed that nothing can move towards its success; a symbolic image of his increased growth in New York, which he eventually used, resembles a sardonic similarly? what is the power of the ambitious state power? Sergey Eisenstein in October (1927)! Sociologically, it is also interesting that Stanwycki is constantly being held up against his neck by his black servant / companion. <br /> <br /> The first two-thirds of the movie is just terrible; at first I found a little disappointment in the last stages? because I waited for Stanwyck to get his fire, falling late on the introductory character of George Brent when he ignores him, but like others, he will soon be under his spell! On the other hand, this aspect seemed less tortured? it is obvious that Stanwycki has been affected by two deaths caused by his selfish behavior, and that his term of office in Paris has softened him (even if he tries to keep his hard-earned wealth as long as possible). <br /> <br /> The DVD ad posted on the DVD as part of your FORBIDDEN Hollywood VOLUME 1 COLLECTION is filmed in two strikingly different editions? recently unexplored version of Pre-Release and Toner Theatrical Release print. The remarkable cut from the last material includes Stanwyck's life-style dialogue on a 14-year-old tramp (although it is heard in the accompanying trailer!), While many other scenes are shortened (ie censored content): a violent fisticus that develops between Stanwyck and Hohl after if he is against his prepayments; seduction at the railway car; a scene where Dumbrille is surprised by Stanwycki by Cook; shooting followed by suicide (shorter versions are only shots); Stanwyck thinks of his conquests when the phonographer plays (again, only Brent appears in the version that appeared in the theater, etc.). Then does he use alternative techniques for some scenes? and includes a town that has no longer version; but we also have an obviously happy ending (the pre-release version stops sharply with a very effective open note) and the same incredible warning letter that Ethier sent to Stanwyck in New York, the essence of which is all references to Nietzsche!
