"Baby Face" is a melodrama of pre-codes that is very young Barbara Stanwycki, almost recognizable by George Brent and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to town to do good ... or I should say that time. For one reason or another, Stanwyc's father has pimped his entire life in the embarrassing, depressed, dirty Erie, Pennsylvania. When his father dies, an older father's type who knows what he has been through and cares about his future, wants to go to a big city and take advantage of the opportunities there, not the light, and live a great life. (Note that I saw the censored version and not cut it - this part of the movie was censored.) He and Chico (Harris) go to New York where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides the way of the low path more smoothly and gets where he wants a lot go faster. In the film's most famous scene, the camera moves to the business ladder, bringing us from floor to floor when Lily sleeps up the road. Finally, he corrects the grandmother himself and is able to finish his day's work. Trouble is followed and she will soon be involved in a big scandal. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck carries a lot of makeup and for most movies, the cucumber is cool because he seduces one man for another without regretting, and he's a great innocent victim. In one scene, he sits on the royal royal jewels, wearing a black dress that looks like it is decorated with diamonds at the top. He then asks Chico for another case full of jewelery and securities. Work all day. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could be played or glamorous and was also a talented singer and dancer. Here he sings or hummab the theme of "St. Louis Woman" all the time. He literally worked for dozens of films and is here as a good friend of Stanwycki, his best work in the pre-code period. As a strange by-product of the code, black films were often given less work after its installation. <br /> <br /> Pre-code movies may be more sexual and therefore, although they are 70 years old, it seems more modern. Although these films did not have to be a moral end, Baby Face learns his lessons - how life is after all. There were several ends of this movie, all with the same message. One of the things I saw was an added scene, but there were probably two more ends that didn't pass the censors. (The code was not, but there were always censors.) In any case, it's a pure surprise. "Baby Face" is an important film in the history of the film that must be seen.
