I look at the two films as a whole because I feel it should be considered and viewed. When I talk about a "movie," I speak one after the other of Parts 1 and 2 as they should be. <br /> <br /> Thank you to Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh and Benicio Del Toro. br /> <br /> This movie is a refreshing, bold, sharp and real movie. And it hears a new style of filmmaking. There's no Faux drama. There is no audio radio. Not a Faux documentary style. Just clean the shots and test the stick. I've read Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: Revolutionary Life" and recently completed the Fidelian biography that helped me soak the film properly. But I have to say that it is Jon Anderson's exhaustive, penultimate and wonderful biography that has given this film the right historical back bone. Anderson was a film consultant (or these two films). What makes this movie real is that it is clean. Music or even more important is not swelling music or slow motion; there is no fake documentary shaking camera. Just square shots and straight line style. Due to the type of camera used, you feel in the jungle. Benicio Del Torot should be fully respected for this, I do not doubt him as a movie in the film ... ever. He did an excellent job and I respect him forever. Some people complain that the film only deals with two slices of their lives, not the whole. But I think it's one of the most beautiful aspects of this movie: it's not trying to be all. It doesn't try to tell the story. Human life is too versatile to try and say 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. It is one of the subtle decorations of this film, it resists the temptation and remains focused on the intention to give us the feeling of its developing MILITARY AND OUR TRANSLATION. It focuses on three newspapers: a battle to throw Batistat, Che's US speech and Gorilla preparations in Bolivia. "Motorcycle Diaries" already spoke to a young man and I thank Mr Soderberg for focusing on other aspects. I am still referring to Jon Anderson's book, and the film remains true. For me, the only weak link is casting Matt Damon (not the performance). In a movie loaded with lively performances, the American (Matt Damon), who plays Bolivians, has a striking stretch - he does it well, but after so much care in casting it was over-the-top. Small and completely forgiven. The reality is that the rest of the casting will give you and especially Benicio Del Toro an amazing job, putting this movie at the top of my list. <br /> <br /> The fact that this movie went almost straight to the video is something like the Cold War ethics that would never allow a "revolutionary Cuban" to get what it would have, still working, keeping that story quiet. If not out of illegal damping, then out of the consequences of the correct propaganda that has damaged this issue. <br /> <br /> This is a movie-seeing and Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: Revolutionary Life" must read if you want to begin with an understanding of the early effects on the global mind associated with the 40s, 50s and 60s the expansion of the international / political financial game, which put our South American neighbors in an unfair pressure and consequences.
