It is possible that Che's most brilliant thing: the second part, when we start to integrate with the first part of our mind, is that there is no explanation why Che chose to escape from Cuba confidentially after the revolution. Congo, did not explain why he chose Bolivia for his later coup, not referring to the political decisions he made in South America when Walter Salles gave a striking young man. Exceptional attention is paid to Che meeting with volunteers who accompany their immigrants. But hardly do they try to identify them as individuals in order to build involved relationships. He is reasonably unreasonable. Che guides the unbreakable doctrine to leave no wounded person behind. But there is no sense that he is directly related to his men. It's a concept. <br /> <br /> Part 1, in Cuba, has been welcomed by villagers whose food and coating is supported by what is growing into a victorious revolution. There is not much understanding here in Bolivia. The villagers offer him. They protect government forces, not their own. When he talks about the government's medical system on the one hand, his audience seems to be in the interest. You can't drive people to revolution if they don't want to do it. Soderbergh shows US military advisers working with Bolivia, but does not blame the United States for Che's collapse. Che seems to be wrong with his power and the place he wanted it to be. <br /> <br /> When both wars are presented, Soderbergh will not build his battle scenes as concrete results. Che men attack and attack. They exchange fire with distant attackers. The fighting attack is usually carved, its deaths are not stopped. It's not a movie. It is about one man to reasonably unreasonably drive a race. No cinematography has been developed. Soderbergh firmly sees Che's inflexible commitment. There are significant random visceral shots, but few are even more powerful, such as Che's POV when he hits his final blow. There is plenty of terrain where these men live for weeks at a time, and all the effects are sad, Guevara himself is a part of malaria. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the film producers, is championship, especially because it is modest. He is not depicted as top level as most epic heroes. In Cuba he gets conquered, in Bolivia, he falls backwards and sometimes it is really difficult to distinguish between beard and hair. Del Toro illustrates not so much identity as attitude. You might think the movie is too long. I think its width is the real reason. Guevara's affairs in Cuba, and in Bolivia in particular, were not a sequence of episodes and sketches, but the survival of an entrepreneur, which can be practically called crazy. Ultimately, Che is, in whole or in part, a commercially widespread film, where its director begins by understanding the limits of the biography of cinematography and gradually working with these tools.
