Part II or earlier known as GUERLA is also a great achievement, but not quite as fun as PART I, because it is the place where we begin to recognize what could have caused the fall and death of Che Guevara. Once again, I am impressed by the cause and effect that both parts are intertwined in the stories. We are reminded again and again that the leader, Char Guevara is an Argentine. Some of the Fijian army men did not decide to take orders from foreigners, and now that Che has decided to leave the revolutionary continuation in Bolivia, he will pay much respect to his new army and natives just because he is an alien. <br /> <br /> As far as technical is concerned, I think that Part II would have been more useful than anything else, just after displaying the card, with some of the highlights of the previous installment just to refresh the memory of his characters and make what he does to understand why his methods in Cuba were successful, but they do not work in Bolivia. In this segment it is clear that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, he is dealing with a bunch of soldiers whose hearts are not entirely there. It has been said that the revolutionary ingredient is love. Well, they don't give as much of their country, so it's hard to sell. Che is extremely painful and hard to get others to buy his vision. <br /> <br /> I like one particular scene that illustrates Che's deteriorating state, a scene where his horse does not go as bad as Che tries to drive it, and then his perception took him better and for a moment, he forgot that he is a doctor, and he gets from this desperate soldier who is his horse. His army is like a horse who doesn't want to be guided. But at the same time, the film drags on it, based on small familiar faces that you can recognize for the sake of short entertainment, and most often you get left and right after one obstacle, but maybe this is the purpose of Part II, if that's the case, it definitely works. A permanent cinematography of cinema that gives us the first person's view of Che's last breathing. This film may not answer the questions why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so sure that he could pull it even when the probability was against him and why he wanted South America to have the same fate as in Cuba. CHE is a story worth talking about.
