It surprises me that I really have the courage to look at the biological flick or the flick "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? Because if my Cuban exiled parents had ever discovered that I saw this film about the despicable massacre of the Cuban revolution, I would be the basis of life. Hey wait? I'm an adult, they can't get me off the ground. Directed by Steven Soderbergh and newbie commie (sorry Steven, but I had to take Soder shots here), the film will be played on two parties by Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara in revolutionary life. "Che: Part 1" introduces how Che joined the team of Fidel Castro in the mid-1950s in their revolutionary attempt to overthrow Cuban President Fulgencio Batista; What we all know was a revolutionary success for them, but a great catastrophe of governors for many cubes when it came to communism. "Che: Part 2" presents to Che, who is trying to revolutionize the T-shirts industry by putting T-shirts on the producers of their terrible shaving t-shirts. OK, I'm talking a lot of ways! I would like to say that "Che: part 2" focuses on Che at the end of the 1960s, trying to bring the revolution back, this time to Bolivia, who suffered from poverty, but with much different results. when the Bolivia army occupied and killed in 1967. Soderbergh does not include the time between these two cases in Che's life when he commanded a despicable La Cabana fortress in Cuba, where he massacred a large number of Cubans who were against Communism. viewers if really was cruel to Guevara. I decided to see "Che" in the hope that Soderbergh would not be a glamor but rather a confusion. Soderbergh did not do the latter and unfortunately decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero he was not. He was a sick man who would probably thank God at the bottom of the devil. Now I have an objective re-viewer and must admit that Benicio Del Toro, like Che, was extremely commanding and worthy. And this Demian Bichir was a haunting deadly ring like Fidel Castro with his care. But the rest of the "Che" cast consisted mainly of the average performances of actors depicting Guerilla soldiers. And as far as I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh cast him into a revolutionary mix of Spanish-language chamber footprints depicting the Bolivia delegates? Soderbergh did not have to give this biological description in 4 hours and 30 minutes, mostly to "talk too much and not do enough". We already have too much Che'd, even posthumously with these ridiculous t-shirts, so why do we get too much of it? But I think if you have Del Toro with horns (as you did here in Steven), I think it's your sustainable arm if you don't fill "Che: Parts 1 & 2". *** Middle
