I came to see Guerrilla, part of Steven Soderbergh's Che Guevara bio-region, without having seen the previous film and without more than the unknown Che's life. At the same time, I was quite frightening that it would be such a difficult lesson in history and a letter of unique love for the iconic revolution. As it turns out, this film exceeded my expectations. <br /> <br /> Breakthrough is a remarkable feature of independent film. The story of Che's unsuccessful attempt to drive the revolution in Bolivia, under the military regime, is a convincing tragedy. The initial impulse that Che was able to enter incognito to lead the guerrilla war has disappeared because misfortune follows the accident. The odds are accumulating against the revolutionary. US support for the Bolivia army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, dubious locals, and Che's unsuccessful health are just some of the difficulties that are creating a rebellion. <br /> <br /> The portrayal of Soderbergh from Che is largely critical, but this film is not a hagiography. The style is refreshing undramatic, with a subtle and effective soundtrack by Alberto Iglesias, adding a quiet drama to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the centerpiece of the film, but her face is very little and we are encouraged to see people fighting for her and sometimes against her. When Soderbergh wants to show Che's virtues, we see it in small episodes, such as a loyal acolyte, who doubts in two guerrillas when they doubt Che's leadership, and emphasizes the sacrifice he has made to Cuba again in the revolution. > <br /> The whole direction is great. The second part, despite its narrow focus, feels tightly edited and is capable of communicating through images without the narrator speaking to the public. At the beginning of the movie, we see a couple of short clips from post-revolutionary Cuba, who immediately give us ideas on why Che would sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country. Later, the portrayal of conspicuous batches of rainforests seems to be a strikingly beautiful scene and helps to create a sense of the enormous size of this task before this tiny revolutionary band. <br /> <br /> If there is a film problem, the distance between the viewer and Che, which, although it allows us to evaluate the context of the rebel and the people around him, makes it harder for us to understand him better. True, Benicio Del Toro is absolutely convincing in leadership? so much that it's hard to remember that you look at the actor and not the man himself. However, looking at Guerrilla as an independent film means that we are given a precious little understanding of what Che is in shaping thoughts, words and deeds. Hopefully this will be in the forefront of the first part of the Soderbergh bio-region (I can not comment on it yet) and certainly the strength of the second part, which makes me unexpectedly wait for the prequel.
