I sat back to Che with both parts last night, with a short break in the bathroom, and I can't remember 4 hours so fast. I had to make myself psychic for a week because I have a real "thing" about directors, manufacturers and editors who are constantly blowing over our long long quasi-weave, and I know it in general, 2 to 2.5 hours is right for the film. So it seemed like 4 hours stretched my limits of tolerance and I was very suspicious about the whole company. But I say it is beautiful? Can I say lovingly? I made a movie and I'm really glad I saw it. The director of Steven Soderbergh must be congratulated for the clarity of his vision. The battle scenes are pulling as if you were merciful. <br /> <br /> If there is a person on the planet who does not know, Ernesto 'Che' was a Guevara Argentinian doctor who helped Fidel Castot Fulgencio overthrow Batista through the 1959 Cuban Revolution. When I was a boy in the 1960s, Che's image was everywhere; bedroom wall tiles, T-shirts, magazine cover. Che's imagination must be one of the most used. When the famous pictures have to be trusted, Che was a very good looking man, a revolutionary romance. If she had been stupid, then I have to think if she would ever be so popular with imagination? Of course, dying young people help. <br /> <br /> Films have been made by Che (especially the excellent motorcycle documents of 2004, which intimidated the lovely Gael Garcia Bernal as a young Che, touring in South America and saw endemic poverty as their Marxist policy), but I don't think anyone has ever dealt with the whole story from start to finish and this two piece is an ambitious project. I hope it will pay for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that in his opinion, a quick commercial success may not be the ultimate. <br /> <br /> The first film (The Agentine) shows Che's meeting with Castro in Mexico and follows their journey to Cuba to start a revolution and then to travel to the UN in New York in 1964. Smart and white pictures look like today's movie, but they are not. The second film (Guerilla) rises again in 1966 when Che arrives in Bolivia to begin a new revolutionary movement. The second film takes place almost entirely in the woods. As far as I can see, it was fired mainly in Spain, but I can still believe it must be quite exhausting for the film. Benicio Del Toro is great as Che, the part he plays playing. <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt that Argentina (ie the first part) was much easier to watch and more entertained in a strictly movie sense because it is lively. They have won; revolution succeeds. Che is an element in his element that drives a diverse group of peasants, workers and intellectuals for revolutionary reasons. The second part is much harder to look at because his defeat is inevitable. Much like the last Valkyrie - being a good movie - was a testimony of heroic failure, so I felt the same for Che (Guerilla) in the second part. We know right now that he's dying, we know he's going to fail. It is frustrating, because the way the story is spoken is quite early on, that the generation of the Bolivian Revolution is doomed; Chei is considered to be an intruder in a foreign country and he cannot communicate with indigenous people as he did with Cubans. He persists in what is embarrassing to look at because I felt he should have known when to give up and move on to other, perhaps more successful, companies. The film does not romanticize her too much. He kills people, he fills, he fights against his asthma and follows the lost cause long after he had to give up and move on. He leaves his wife alone to grow five male children. <br /> <br />, a great exercise in making classic movies. One Note; when I watched the US-trained Bolivian soldiers massively move Che and his small warrior bands one by one, he reminded me of the Butch Cassidy finals. I almost turned to my husband and said this, but I was hesitant, thinking he thought that such thoughts would be triad and in place. When he left the theater, he turned to me and said, "Don't you think the end was like Butch Cassidy ????????????!"
