Many of the figures I have read show that most people tend to like the first part better than the second. I feel exactly the opposite. The first part played a little bit trying to find different ways to show Che Guevara's personality between different types of films, different places and interviews and the Cuban Revolution. In most cases, it was structured as fine but slightly disturbing. In the second part, Che enters Bolivia and, with the change of geographical location, rules and structure change. Giggle jumps and stock exchanges, "documentary reality" and treatises are gone. Instead, we are now literally caught in a desaturated, depopulated landscape where the only existing people are overloaded with their lives, but not just for survival. I assure you that this is the darkness of Che's life, which is the real reason why most people prefer Part 2 of the second part. <br /> <br /> The change in geographic location also means at least that Che: Part One and Che: the second part is actually two acts that have been started by the motor diary of three actions. Motorcycle Diaries are Che's age (or more ideal ideals) in Argentina, Che: The first part is his military command in Cuba and Che: the second part is his fall in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate his life (his experiences in Guatamala and, more importantly, the executions of my Cuban revolution), but they do create a very detailed study of the contradictory aspects of his character and nature. global symbol. Both symbolize the ideal and the need for armed resistance to oppression and the revolutionary shortcomings in post-World War III third countries and their obstruction by activities such as CIA intervention. <br /> <br /> Again, all this is projected on the screen in this case, not through long scenes of dialogue and calls, but through a lot of intimate, suffering portrayal of Che at the end of his thread and his life. Again, the rules have changed and in this case it is difficult to tell if there is any success at all. How many times the camera shows that people are literally skipped between the stone and the hard place and desaturated, trembling for a long time, the audience is involved in the narrative of the people imprisoned in hostile landscapes, the existential hell, where the revolutionary beliefs eventually end in the despair of those who are starved of hunger who are starving to death . Watching a movie isn't just that easy, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
