Directly from where the story was left in the first part, the other side, which talks about the inevitable fall and the man's inheritance in a gloomy aspect, is exactly that. In direct contrast to the first feature, the second part is a change from the pride and glory of the revised state, to Che Che's liberator in a country to which he has no previous ties. Changing the settings is not just aesthetic; In autumn and spring, the gray of the woodland changes with the change of tone and heart, replacing the predecessor's optimism with a cynical, dimmed and bruised reality that is in line with the new struggle. However, as Che would like to say, such a fight is the best way to fight. The first part definitely helped to prove that the revolutionary guerrilla gained the original rise of power, the second part of which takes much of the life and ambitions of Cheerful, Tougher and Finer Segment and gives it a self-evident image that is both toxic and tragic in tangible, easily grasping in mind. <br /> <br /> Although the film's tone did not err in some sense and differs quite drastically from the first part, it still remains the same documented approach that was taken a month ago to avoid melodrama and making as much as possible. This somewhat distant, cold approach, which says Che's story and struggle, will undoubtedly make some viewers out; Indeed, I am still reserved as to whether the attribute should have been under the name of one man, if at all, the whole Che, gives a story that extends just to biography, and instead manages to fight with those who helped him bypass. Under no circumstances will Soderbergh try to paint a humanistic portrait similar to what Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a year ago (excuse the ironic contrast); Che is a slow moving, reserved and meditative approach to the lesson of history that just happens to one person who allegedly led the whole thing. <br /> <br /> But the lush green Cuban landscapes and the return to the second part of Bolivia's dark, disintegrating background, this story will inevitably bring a clear contrast to the contrasting tone that does not feel too well, but it is enough to give it its own reference points. Here, the basic structure of the first part is rejected, there is the original struggle, the battles, the fallen comrades, and their replacement to replace them, while we see some glimpse of the man behind the movement. However, as anyone with a vague idea of ​​the actual history behind this function, the second part is meant to end with a much less troublesome and worrying comment. This difference, along with the similarities with the first part, creates compelling and memorable entities; Either way, they could both have (and the defendants Soderbergh to achieve) and enjoy the way they are, but one statement is Che, which he exactly achieves. <br /> <br /> Indeed, everything that made the first part of treating it one month before is still evident from the subtle but enthralling performances of the central production to the slow building, the realistically structured fighting scenes, the drama of the characters on the screen is just as vague and Obviously, but with another characteristic of this, the second part proves that avoiding such elements does not necessarily damage the film if there are enough plots and reflections on the other elements to make the viewer involved. In fact, at the time of writing this review, I was in contradiction to either add or just add the first or second part to the first first review and name the review as a whole, but I thought it would only be disappointing for those who could sit down to look at both films as a whole. <br /> <br /> That said, I can't rightly decide whether Che has the task of engaging the audience with his four-hour plus, but when I look at both segments, I can at least confirm that every part can do it. With a reflective, complex scenario with endless mesmerizing photography and nuances of performances that make the right movie characters without drawing attention to itself, Che's 2nd is for everyone as convincing and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time a tragic, but arrogant, movie history pages suitable conclusion. . <br /> <br /> Jamie Robert Ward Review (http://www.invocus.net)
