The second part picks up ... not where the last movie came out. As part of Steven Soderbergh's epic 4+ hour event quasi-conventionality, Chei's two readings from the classic "Rise" and "Fall" scenarios are discussed. In the second part, Che Guevara, leaving his post as a Cuban bureaucrat and after an unsuccessful attempt in the Congo (only mentioned in the film), goes to Bolivia to try and launch another jungle-style revolution. Things do not go so well planned, probably because Che is then notorious for his communist and revolutionary reputation, and partly because America participates in the Bolivian government side and, of course, Castro wasn't really backing up Che. <br /> <br /> As it is, Che's second part is sad, but in some ways wiser than the first. This makes sense, because Guevara has to withstand the low morale of his men, the betrayal of the people around him, the constant mistakes of the peasants and nearby peasants, and ultimately greater military strength. But what is more sad is that Guevara does nothing. One can see it as an incredible force or a deadly mistake - maybe both - but it is also clear how no matter how Che, if not completely rounded, is more sympathetic. True, he killed and executed and felt the whole way justified. And still it will work with the viewer so that it is an initial loss; the sequence in which Guevara's health worsens without a drug that leads to a shocking grip on a horse, one of the most memorable and satisfying films this year. <br /> <br /> Again, the Soderbergh narrative command is strong when sometimes a little slow (understandable due to high working hours) and one or two scenes feel completely strange (Matt Damon?), but these are small responsibilities. At this time, with a straight-line color camera approach, it is almost the same as a pure military style war image, a lot of care for men in the group, as well as Guevara as a group, and how things fall under the final scene. And as always, Del-Toro is at the top of every game, every scene, every contestant who knows this man so well and worse - that he comes as close as possible to the realization. All in all, Che's two parts make up an impressive package: a history of drama, a stunning style, a good audience, even if they don't know Che, or better if they don't think so. It's so special. 8.5 / 10
