It is ironic that at the 2008 New York Film Festival, the American film was the most widely spoken in 98% of Spanish languages. Particularly long film controversy began at the Cannes Festival. There were messages of love-hate and considerable doubts about the business prospects. As a consolation, the star of Benicio Del Toro received the Best Actress Award. I'm talking, of course, about Steven Soderberghi 'Che'. This is the name shown in this version, shown in New York as Cannes in two 2-hour plus segments without opening a title or final credit. "Che" is definitely suitable, because Ernesto "Che" Guevara is in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive, reliably hanging through a thick and thin, partly day-to-month downhill defeat on the other side, tempting and simpatico in all its diverse manifestations, even hidden under the Bald flag. . This is a great performance; if you want it to be in the right place. <br /> <br /> If you are patient enough to sit for more than four hours, there will be a fee for a break between the two parts. Everything is authentic - fortunately, Soderbergh made a decision in a Spanish film (although some actors, especially in the English segment, are wood). You will get a good overview of what is a guerrilla war, Che's style, such as teaching, campesinoside recruitment, morality, discipline, hardship and struggle - and Che's gradual morphing from the company's doctor to a full military leader. Using a new 9-pound 35mm quality RED "high-performance digital camera" that has just been available for filming, allowed Peter Andrews and his team to produce a bit of cold pictures, but sometimes still sing, and are always sharp and smooth. <br /> <br /> The film is in two parts - Soderbergh calls them two "films" and plans to release them commercially. First, "Argentina", which depicts Che's leadership in the jungle and the city struggle, which led to the fall of Havana in the late 50s, and the second is "Guerrilla" and concerns Che's unsuccessful effort to lead the revolution in Bolivia almost ten years later, a fruitful mission leading to Guevara capture and execution in 1967. The second part was to be the original film and it was first written and I think it was shot first. The producer, Laura Bickford, says the second part is a thriller, while the first part is an action movie with big battle scenes. Yes, but both sides have much in common - too much - because both spend much of their time after breaking through tough countries. Guerrilla is an unigigated downer because the Bolivian rebellion was doomed from the beginning. The Cuban group, who tried to lead it, did not receive a friendly reception from Bolivian campesinos, who suspected aliens, and thought that Cuban Communists were gods rapists. There is a third part, a sort of festive black-and-white interval that consists of Che's speech at the United Nations in 1964 and interviews with him at that time, but this is the first segment. The first part also includes Fidel, and it is much more cheerful, which also brings the 1959 Santa Clara victory leading to the fall of Fulgencio Batista's dictatorship in Cuba. <br /> <br /> During Guerilla I was wondering how it could really act as a high-quality European-style minist who could start with a shortened version of Walter Sales's "Motorcycle Diaries" and continue to meet Guevara's fate with Fidel in Mexico and on June 26th in July. There could be much more for her extensive trips and diplomatic missions. It is far from a complete picture of man, his childhood chess, his lifelong interest in poetry, written books; even his international fame only concerns. And what's his tough, cruel side? Indeed, what Soderbergh is most interested in is not Che, but a revolution and a guerrilla war. The lasting impression is that the 4+-hour holiday is slipping through the forest and jungle with wounded and sick men and women, and an idealistic commitment to ending the rich tyranny. Someone mentioned that he was reminded of Terrence Malick's "Tina Red Line", and yes, the nervous, episodic battleground is similar; but 'Thin Red Line' has stronger characters (almost no one gets to Che's vigorously) and it's really a good movie. This is an impressive but unfinished and bad effort. <br /> <br /> This eight-year hard-explored work of love (how much more the ocean has to pay for?) is a vanity project that is too long to get regular theater information and too short for ministries. Radical editing - or great expansion - would have made it more successful and because it is a long slogan, especially on the other side. <br /> <br /> It is clear that this slogging could have been cut down, although it is not as clear as what the resulting movie form - but a bit of luck it could have been quite good.
