Jump over everything from the Cuban coup to his secret entrance to Bolivia, part of the second part of the depiction of Soderbergh Che Guevara is a tragic hero. Like Che? The first part, this grieving immigrant through the colorful mountains of Bolivia, is probably meant to disappoint more people than it does, so why did the film (and especially Benicio Del Toro's performance) so praised in Cannes? <br /> <br /> James Rocchi called it, for example, a work of art that is "not just a revolutionary story", but a "revolution and itself". Peter Bradshaw of the Guardian called it "a flaw in masterpiece". Will I return to my first statement? that the value lies especially in the image of the hero. And in an era of bad heroic role model, wouldn't it make sense to be very respectful even if some of the less pleasant episodes of his life were omitted? This is a psychological hero confirmed by the great Scottish essayist Thomas Carly in his book "Heroes and Hero Worship". Heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere in between). But we should really inspire us for higher goals, higher goals. Compare this to the unrealistic "heroes" of Western storytelling: where is a person undergoing trials and tribulations before receiving a hardly credible reward? usually an eternal love or material wealth? like the intervention of a divine studio. Real heroes have a surplus of moral courage? There is no lost Ark Dare-Devilishness or James Bond super-toys. They rise and give others the opportunity to rise to be the best. In the first part, Che succeeds. In the second part he fails. It is not a moral courage, but because a) not all good plans are successful and b) are human, errors are inevitable. <br /> <br /> The intellectual clarity of Guevara is flawed when he equates the conditions justifying an armed struggle with conditions that make this armed struggle a success. This is a serious miscalculation. <br /> <br /> The colors of La Paz are breathtaking. There is the authenticity of the air-en-scene, which was sometimes absent in the first part of Che-I (the US would not allow Soderbergh to film in Cuba). RED cameras. It is a high performance digital camera with 35mm quality and pure digital. Flexibility and functionality are packed in just 9 pounds. "Taking pictures with RED is like listening to the Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. "RED sees how I see so organic, so beautifully adapted to this most natural phenomenon? If Che had completed a successful Cuban revolution, he would have secured him with an almost mysterious invincibility. human constraints, but this is a remembrance of his moral virtues, not a political triumph. Critics say, and with reason, that his armed struggle inspired much less noble signs of achieving a tin-pot dictatorship. since it has been used for both of them). <br /> <br /> But with all its praise, it often seems that the film lacks a dramatic and narrative tension, and we stumble from one extraction to another, knowing that it will eventually die. I watch my watch and thought it might have been shorter. getting all partners and even Guevara's former comrades to train coaches on a special order for Bolivia operations? make the film a commendable achievement. It may not be a top flight entertainment, but it shows the integrity of documenting a significant part of history. <br /> <br /> Here is another very important point in the drawing of Che's hero. It's a failure. If you try your best, even if you can't, your efforts have not been in vain, as it can give others hope and moral courage. It can be cynically called a "martyr" complex, and it is of course found in many religious people. But Che does not "sacrifice himself". He does what he does best to his best ineffective abilities. Success or failure in a particular case becomes a mere detail. <br /> <br /> With the US long-term and illegal Cuban blockade (all called "Freedom"), I am tempted to write that Che Parts 1 & 2 is too good to be wasted in the US. But it would be to call the argument that the film has tried to avoid it so seriously. We must hope that many viewers have the ability to look at politics without politics and inevitably emerging prejudices. Regardless of the errors, he restores the populist senselessness of the oceans of Soderbergh. <br /> <br /> But if you haven't heard of Che Guevara or the first part, or if you don't miss the "murderer Marxist, without chewing your mouth, I might have a hard time imagining what you would get with this movie." The same can be said for many people who are and will be.
