Of course, I'm not a loving student of the genre. In fact, I have always stayed away from the western countries because, despite all my critical newspaper, such as America's main stories (or whatever), it seems to me that they will remain an inexhaustible ground for either Injunid, "great armed forces" or "Hey, let's have a pig!" In other words, it always seemed to me a genre that was so entrenched and bound by the convention that it left little valuable space for surprise or originality. (And yes, I have seen at least some so-called "glorifications" and these are ignored by these negative assessments - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine and of course the infamous [but deeply boring] Clint Eastwood -Sergio Leone competes in the 60s.) < br /> <br /> But when I saw this movie on television - as part of Jimmy Stewart's weekend at death - GOT IT finally: I understood at least the theory that Western myths offer as a serious thematic concern (apart from just action and excitement). It is the driving force between law and order; The West of America represented freedom, but also the prospect of nature without relaxation. An acceptable people can hurt there. Which, of course, meant perhaps maybe it wasn't for a respectable people and that the only inhabitants should be immoral and nervous, those who gave justice to the barrels of their revolvers, and where to kill or kill would ever be the right of the land. In such an environment, of course, the true heroes are those who are ornithic and clerical enough to be there (and thus reject the "society", at least when it appeared on the east coast), and yet there is enough justice to believe that in a society that based on chaos and fear, is NOT right. Seeking and exploring the difference between law and disorder in THE PRINCIPLE OF HIMSELF is, in my view (after seeing this film), the ultimate and true goal of any West. Unfortunately, it is not so often, because white hats are completely white, black is completely black (and not even talking about Indians, ok) and there are small gray tones. <Br /> <br /> There is no. Jimmy Stewart plays a brutal treasure hunter who follows his mining trail in the Alaska desert to see gold. He has joined his lifelong friend, played by Walter Brennan (perhaps the character of a Western cliché to stop them all - but still enjoyable here, as always) - and someone else. They are smart for themselves and Stewart shows his patented charm (come on, we'll never get anyone against us, now could we?), We have little doubt that he is basically a self-interested character: none of his "Gosh" or "Oh golly gee" humanism must not come through. Or rather it comes at the end of the picture EARNED, as I described above. He has to confront his own illegality and consider the need for corruption and justice, which is so obviously imperfect for an unlimited city, which is the starting point for miners on its gold dust track. This city is dominated by his evil sheriff, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best "bad men" performances I've ever seen. He comes with so much charm and humor, and he has such a relaxed and interesting relationship with Stewart that it really takes time to recognize that he is a * bad man - so that when he finally sinks, he does this double power. What's more, when a typical wind gap is created between McIntire and Stewart (if it is necessarily guarded), the concept of the movie is how close the temperament really is - and how far Stewart must sound at the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm not going through all the twists that the plot takes - look at them for yourself (as well as the harsh and proud Alaska landscape - filmed on the spot, remember, not cheap painted photos) that the studio formed). What matters is how much this story focuses on character, the great dialogue and the characteristic interaction that replaces most of the time, though the film simply has enough action and adventure to avoid its static (read "talky"). Certainly, one of the greatest performances I've seen from Stewart, showing that he could play the renegade, "man's man" as convincingly as a decent and fair man next. If anything, in fact, his "eternal" qualities give greater strength to his characterization, making him less mythical or overwhelmed - such as Eastwood or John Wayne - and three-dimensional personality. His relationship with Brennan has been well played: underestimated, but still touching (George and Lenny's weak recommendation "Of Mice and Men" - a completely different type of "western"). <br /> <br /> I definitely have more western seers, but this is now my favorite and yardstick with which I necessarily appreciate everyone else. It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is.
