From the filmmakers who brought the Penguins in March, I think it came with many expectations for Fox and the child. From the harsh winters of the South Pole to the lush wilderness in France, the narrative is now becoming part of a documentary and part of a fairy tale about friendship between two titers, Renard Fox and his friendship with a baptized child. Bertille Noel-Beuneau plays. <br /> <br /> The story is fairly simple and sometimes this film would have looked like many Japanese movies that children of various animals find friendship after developing trust and how they hang around each other, dealing with opponents and the like. Here, the child meets in the mountains the elegant fox near his home, offering many beautiful pictures of postcards that the operator must take over to capture. <br /> <br /> But if we cherish delicious landscapes, the characters cannot be identified from the beginning of this level of trust, and we have to wait a couple of seasons in the past and 45 minutes in the movie before they find the food leveler. The child tries to permanently strike the bond with the aim of making the creature his own entertainment, but fox, well, of course, other concepts. Although I thought the narrative was rather weak, unlike the Penguins March, which has this narrative interpretation of what is happening on the screen, what has been here is the documentary elements of the film that monitored the life and times of the fox as both predator and predator. The latter was given more tension and drama, especially when dealing with traditional enemies, such as wolves, and these sequences were quite intense, especially when the child got into it. that. Otherwise, it was normal sailing and pretty clean, because two of them are going to play with each other, in the pictures you know, some magical editing of the movie has been done. The film had surprisingly dark moments that were not really suitable for children, because the people in the same hall proved when they suddenly stood out, so the parents, you might want to note and not let your toddler be disturbed as a movie, I would prefer it to be complete documentary Penguins March, but I think it was resentful, probably was warning us not to be confused with nature and that some things are not just meant to be and should remain so. A decent film that supported the strength of Bertille Noeli-Bruneau and the many rebards that played Renard.
