FOX AND LAPS is the latest film from the French filmmaker Luc Jacquet of PENGUINS. In a film that boasts only one person from his young actor, Bertille Noël-Bruneau, the story tells a rather rare, though seemingly plausible, relationship between a child and a wild fox. a natural documentary and a partial fairy tale, the film focuses on L'Infant, a child who one day in school is in a scenic environment, perhaps in France, on a natural fox, although the exact location has never been mentioned. In the coming weeks, the child will look again at where he found the hope of his fox that one of these days will see the fox he is about to call Lily again. And so it goes on. Days turn to weeks and then the summer disappears, falls to fall and then to winter, promising some excellent cinematography, which is a white winter landscape. Finally, the spring goes back and the young child finds his fox and indeed strikes the animal with friendship. And so on. <br /> <br /> I had little hope of FOX and CHILD. I had seen the PENGUINS mark and was just frightening when I made the movie in this movie. Luc Jacquet is a very talented and rare filmmaker, and I was expecting great, breathtaking cinematography, sweeping views, and brilliant animals from wild animals. It was a spade. But here's Jacquet's screen writing credit, but before screening before the movie, he doesn't know anything, I was expecting something a little different from what he had seen in March. Fictitious story. <br /> <br /> Child and Fox And the story is simple. A young, seemingly lonely child lives somewhere in the middle of a house and walks into the school, seemingly self, daily, in a seemingly seemingly carelessly seemingly perfect world. Without a visible adult hints. Brilliant. So he strikes a child's friendship. <br /> <br /> With this movie, you must reject your opinion about the movie and wear the target shoes. This is a film that is directed directly at children from the age, I would say, six and up. Or for families wishing to travel to the cinema with their breed one wet Sunday afternoon. Not a 31-year-old man who gets his strokes from movies like the recent, brilliant WANTED and the like. But when I'm a London critic, I put myself into an exciting eight-year-old girl's footwear for 95 minutes FOX and CHILDREN. Now I have some problems with this movie. Like a 31-year-old boy and a loyal lover of all movies, I loved nature and landscape photography. It's visually stunning. The Animal Character Direction is great - as good as you can find in any Attenborough effort. As an impressive, short attention that reaches the age of eight, I loved the first half hour - then I lost interest. It's a bit repetitive and at times quite harassing and bloody scary for a younger child, especially the pretty dark end. 31-year-old man - I was sometimes terrible. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So it's not a child's movie. It's not really an adult movie, and I felt a little down. Is this a good family movie. Depends. It can be educative and the film carries the message. This is definitely not a movie that I would pay for a hard-earned green to go and I have to try my brains and recommend it to some type of film carrier. It's hard, but I know some will see and love this movie. This is a very European feeling, and surely if you are a fan of tearing wildlife, try it. Not sure? Well, I waited for a DVD on a wet Sunday afternoon. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
