I really wanted to like this movie and I don't think I was terribly disappointed. As a teacher of American history, I felt that almost this film was seen and when history went, it wasn't bad. Of course there were a few mistakes here and there (especially with the timeline - the movie only appeared a few months or maybe a year - not over six years of actual combat), but the overall spirit and battle sequences of the film were excellent. Unfortunately, the ALSO movie contained a really pointless sub-block that was hard to believe in a bad patriot and rich loyal. For the most part, it has really shrunk away from the general plot and it just seemed like it was a "piece" - like a plot of a place instead of a true romance. In fact, there was so much romance that was cooked to "love the fear of sight", it was so annoying, the more I think about it. <br /> <br /> Despite this romance, the movie is really interesting and inspiring --- plus, in so many ways, a much later movie, PATRIOT, was copied from this Griffith movie !!! Both of these films followed the exploitation of the British fighting evil leader and used terrible and evil tactics against civilians - and both had a secret goal of using it as a "springboard" to build their country in America! The only big difference is that this film is placed in the North and PATRIOT was in Carolinas. It would certainly have been nice if Mel Gibson and the others had acknowledged their debts to D. Griffith for the lyrics. It just doesn't seem so likely that the two stories were created independently of each other. <br /> <br /> PS - Despite the fact that I like this movie and some other Griffith movies, he deserves to be "burned in hell" again, his white actors portraying all the black servants of the movie! It is a sick and amazing thing Griffith did in so many of his films - especially in the NATU BIRTH. I think of it and how he depicts that the blacks were slave A-OK and he was the apologist of this "wonderful institution" (not angry at me - it is meant for sarcasm).
