In 1930, Europe became quite shocked by the release of Luis Bunuel's L'Age Dor, causing a robbery there in Paris, which resulted in a ban on something that was over forty years old. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe became shocked, it turned to the ear of the Symphony for Love (Extra). The film was played by a young, unknown German actor named Hedwig Kiesler, who later changed his name to Hedy Lamarr when he moved to America to escape from Adolf Hitler's madness, like Eva, a young bride who is just cold, far from married. an unbelieving husband (played by Emil Jerman) to discover that he has made a big mistake. One divorce later, Eva is a walk and fancy free and is one day, skinny watering the lake as she discovers Adam, a beautiful, young engineer (played by Aribert Mog) who takes him to true pride (and she, her, she). Eva's former husband comes back again, hoping to win Eva, after she succeeds in a hopeful evening. I do not break what appears. Czech director Gustav Machaty (who led the "Madame X" original version, the second parable of a romantic obsession) leads Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty's scenario from Robert Horky's novel. Hans Androschin & Jan Stallich is the velvety cinematography of the film (which reminded me of the photographs of Avant Garde photographer, Man Ray, about the timing of impressionist use of some light and shadow). The brilliant editing of the film is the direction of Antonin Zelenka & Films, a lush, almost Art Deco look, at Bohumil Hes. If I have any disruption to this movie, then this is the score of Giuseppe Becce's music that goes up, melodramatic, which is aging fast (certain themes are repeated over and over, it is welcomed, soon --- as some David Leani uses certain musical themes, especially Lawrence Of Arabia and Dr.Zhivago). A few years ago, a completely new restored edition of the best source material, combined with various existing European publications, restored what is probably the closest version of what it originally saw before the Vatican condemned it. decadent "(yes, right ... as the church did nothing wrong) and the Hayes office cut it into strips when it was finally released in the US in 1936, in the" Hayes Office "section (as well) .The minimum dialogue in German with English subtitles (this It was not appreciated but contains the notorious naked skinny watering that Hedy Lamarr did (tasteful, mind) and some sexual suggestions (as well) that barely serve this PG-13 rating today. if you are interested in an early European cinema or an Avant Garde / experimental cinema
