I can't comment on this movie without being personally important to me. Because the poor health of the child never prevented me from going to the cinema. For the first time at the end of the Second World War, I met films by Roger Manvilles' excellent penguin book "Film", which brought me so much pleasure when my health began to heal, that I would like to buy another copy to read again today. My introduction to many classic films, such as Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (Grierson's Great Documentary), Metropolis, Dr. Caligar's Cabinet, and Ecstasy; first came through this book and later in my university Art-house cinema. Ecstasy had suffered the Vatican's anger to condemn Eva Emil, her later divorce and the short swimming she took, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial issues and discussed the film as a triumphant, remarkably beautiful visual belly to love - many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw it, deliberately agreed. There was no way to see Ecstasy before the home video was introduced - since then it became a valuable memory that was not disturbed. Recently, I finally added Ecstasy to my home video library and found this rating superficially. Ecstasy is a much more parable of the continuity of human existence that individual lives are insignificant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw aggressively called "Life Life" in agnostic writings. Ecstasy represents a young bride who marries a medieval man whose sex is no longer strong. Disappointed, he returns home and divorces him. Soon after experiencing a strong mutual appeal to a young man, he will meet during riding. He loves for the first time and it's a vast experience. His ex-husband does not face a rejection and gives a young man a car that intends that a transient train will kill them both flat. But the train stops on time and obviously sick drivers will be taken to a nearby hotel where it will commit suicide. After these exciting climatic sequences, the blissful, predictable, and almost inevitable endings emphasize that while individual human lives exhibit both joy and tragedy, collective life still carries all in its stream and only through this stream can it be truly happy. This story is subtle, functioning is not enough; and usually such a movie would have been lost in garbage, as most of its ages had long ago. Giving Ecstasy classical status is extraordinary cinematography, a constant lyrical score, and a very cautious loving direction, accompanied by something random but cinematically very important - it just appeared after the sound was introduced and was probably designed as a silent film. It is under the heading and its director has used the effect of the short word sequences accompanying some subtitles, and sometimes a broken score that so loves to carry the film forward. This makes it not only almost unique, but extremely satisfactory. The story of the publication is constantly emphasized, but so subtly that only after the viewing it is fully aware of it. For example, names - Eva and Adam; Emil's obsessive behavior on her wedding day, showing that the trivia has become the most important thing in her life and predicted her possible suicide because she doesn't have her to keep her; ongoing beautiful sequences that show erotic images (a bee pollinated by a flower, a key in the lock, a dashed necklace with Adam in a virgin love sequence, etc.); and the ultimate suicide sequences that could have been filmed in many different ways, but which allow individuals to do some kind of work that positively contributes to society, as well as to create a new life to support that society after we ourselves have passed on. As a 1933 film, I would appreciate it with 9 - even if compared to modern works, I wouldn't reduce it below. 8. For me, the film always has to "see", although I think my comments above show some bias in this judgment. Unfortunately, in North America, the modern 1930s' reaction to the very short and relatively insignificant scenes of Hedy Kiesler, which he found difficult to live in Hollywood, has been distorted by some of the critics who have apparently not seen such classic movies as hypocrites, Hula, back to the kingdom of God, The bird of paradise or some of DW Griffith's and CB deMille's early works has mistakenly called it the premiere of a naked actress in a feature film. This scene was probably part of the original novel and the film would have been very different if the director had chosen to rewrite it. <br /> <br /> Two additional ideas; first, it is the Czech film that appeared there in 1933. Its last message about hard work that brings positive benefits to society must be very sketchy to viewers when, a few years later, their homeland became the first victim of Nazi oppression and had almost been destroyed for at least two generations (I don't remember those sequences sifting right after the war when I do it I saw the movie for the first time - were they removed from the copy I saw then?). Secondly, my main message today is that things of real beauty are often very temporary, although their memory may remain one life. We should all be grateful that some of them have been captured with the camera today and have been reviewed at our convenience.
