First of all, we can "hoop" out of the way. Hedy Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful women and the movies were the perfect tools for many to see their beauty on the screen. Here, Hedy is young as a young man - 20 years old talking in his own language. Recently, I bought this 1932/3 classic uncensored version in 1990. Yes, we can see Hedy's bare waistline briefly, but while he's shooting naked in the swim and runaway horse scenes, director Gustav Machaty uses the cover of the branches, the reflections in the mirrors, the middle and long frames to show him in this famous arena ; so do not imagine that there are nice close subsidiaries or boys. His boyfriend, Pierre Nay, always keeps his clothes. Yes, you dare for your day, but how innocent it looks through the 2003 eyes. Since other known reviews have said that this film should be seen in imagination, expressionism, and allegorical statements made with water droplets that make up bad water, agricultural machinery, landscapes, and so on. The sweet-sounding strings last the length of most "Extase", and the film has a "feeling" between silent and sound direction and concept. The script is very minimalistic and economical, if the story is given mainly by a face and body gesture, but a few words of German, which actors speak with English subtitles. Even these few words seem to be almost superlous in the overall lyrical vein of the film. <br /> <br /> Very simply this is a story about a young girl o Marries a much older man (why have we never said it and what Eva ever saw her? Money?) who is trapped in an unused and uninvited marriage. lie to your son by law. After driving on your horse, Eva decides to swim in her horse and loads her clothes on her horse saddle. But her horse gets romantic concepts and prevents her stablemes from welcoming. naked and trying to get him back, but the labor engineer sees and looks for a horse and looks around his owner.And so romance was born. This husband sees his rival must win Eva, later decides to win but I thought it was rather illogical and its main weakness in view of his earlier unloved relationship with Eva. With the background tricks, in line with the films of this age, our beautiful boys seem to be so Eva in love that she depicts her as a baby as a child, so we have to expect them to live happily ever. In the late 1930s. It is a lyrical piece that can be enyoyed for its own sake and not just for this outstanding title. I gave him 7/10.
