I understand how fans of filmmaker Roman Polanski could love this movie - and I realized how some might hate it completely (Ebert was one of the few who didn't understand why people didn't come out of the theater). After the first visit, I am not sure if I could fall into either category, but if someone who does not get enough Kafka and strange dark paranoia comedies, the tenant is effective enough for his working hours. Or maybe not - this is one of those cases where it could have been more masterpieces than it would be a half-hour Twilight Zone episode where Serling gave homes to Terkovski (or who could it be?) On the bed ties. It is very similar to dealing with a dead protagonist because it was a setback, but it can be said that there is more vagueness, more surrealism, which is manifested by the persistent breakdown of character and location (and, frankly, better, the leading force) than the tenant. <br /> <br /> At the moment, the tenant has an intriguing premise, one that nobody is talking to other people: Polanski is a Parisian refugee who takes an apartment, which was acquired by Simone Choule, who jumped out of the window and soon died. However, other tenants are conservative in terms of noise; after Saturday night with some of Terkovsky's friends, there are too many noise complaints. Polanski's kind-hearted but slightly nervous tenant says it won't happen, but there is no peace even when moving the cabinet or chair. Soon complaints against another tenant will be registered, but from him? Can he register complaints? It is not so much a mistaken case of identity, but a lack of spiritual peace with oneself and the surrounding people. If the downward spiral goes on, Polansk will pull (and dare to say, the black comedian laughs), showing Terkovsky in the midst of a terrible dream - one of Polanski's most intense scenes of time and finding his teeth in the wall, not to mention that the bathroom is down the road (which can add, is always a fear and surreal craze for a cinematic slider). <br /> <br /> But somehow, the movie never recognizes this significant side of its over-design as machines where Terkovsky's tenants seem to be just a bit of a time: there is not so much intercourse as to find out that they really aren't doing it paranoia for self-improvement. At least once or twice I also thought "why did Polanski take on his role?" It is not that he is at all a bad actor and has appeared in several films and games that are not his own. But besides being very tempting and tense, like in the church, or in moments when they think they really are to kill her, her transformation is less horrible than tongue-in-cheek try to see her can he pull it out, which he does not do. Despite the fact that Polanski does well to look bright and tortured by Terkovsky, I saw at least some other actors who could pull this little finer and personality-influencing factors. By the time he drags him, it goes between a suitable and a real camp, especially when he goes to a double class (which of course is surprising). <br /> <br /> And yet it is a pleasure for film and Polanski fans to see how supportive the cast is to try and dig much into the more vague characters (Winters and Douglas do the best, even if they have to work through limited characters) and unexpected moments like Polanski. and Adjani get hot and heavy during Bruce Lee's movie, or when he's really drunk, or in an almost random scene where he hits a child near a fountain, it's quite brilliant and himself. This is a very good movie and what you can say is too much coffee after midnight. But the important movie? Not exactly.
