One thing I'm sure everyone who has seen this movie is that it is very horrible. Other films in the informal trilogy of Polanski are also horrible, but they are all different from what makes them horrible, but they all look the same, they all remember. Surely the stunners are very scary, each of them sending my back under the shade, which made me unable to sit. Again, if you have seen other movies mentioned, I'm sure you will find it quite crappy because you will be waiting for the typical Polanski features you think you are captured, he is aware of it and keeps you from bothering with simple things I would personally like every time when Trelkovsky slowly turned around, jump himself, maybe it's just me, but it seemed to be going to be done, though it was pretty fine, although the music isn't in those moments. <br /> <br /> It was pretty good to do this, mostly because Polanski, of course, is not long enough for other film characters to take the lead. Polanski really proves himself as a comprehensive filmmaker, not only can he manage and write great films, but he can actually act. I don't think there is any other better person who could have pulled off Trelkovski's character, Polanski was right. I like to see films where the director is in addition to the main stage, it really brings out their fantastic versatility and talent, which I respect very much. <br /> <br /> One thing I didn't like about this movie is how it was done in English. For those who do not know, it is a French film funded from the United States, and it was mostly in English to make it more commercial. There are parts that are very obvious that they are dubbed, and I don't know why this is, but 3/4 of the time they've got dub, they're getting the wrong one who's doing dub. There are women in the film who say it's obviously dub, but they got the most annoying person to make a voice, it was a serious pain to my ears to hear how he was talking. I've heard for a while, it seemed almost fake, but I don't see what it was, he was quite a little character. I'd be honestly preferred if they just left it as it was filmed, part of it in French and some of it in English, because copying this movie was a pain and was not close (two totally different movies, I know) to a high level of another movie that did the same thing that was good, bad and ugly. I understand that this is not a big problem, just as you understand it becomes annoying, but I'm sure you won't sit there trying to read the lip that they actually speak, regardless of whether you know French language. /> <br /> What's so great about Polanski is that he lets you think you know him, that you know his style, which you do in some cases, but you don't really see that corner. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two films, which in my opinion really strengthen it. Personally, I feel it's the best of the three, I'm not sure what follows, but they're all relatively close to their size. The end is fantastic, it has been so long for a long time to come and go. I don't want to think much about it, just to get my own personal opinion and leave it to it. <br /> <br /> I'm rambed, and I haven't really given any idea what makes this movie so big, I don't think so I'll do it here quickly. If you liked Repulsion and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee you will enjoy this movie at least. For those who are too unfortunate if I have seen, I suggest that you look at this movie if you are looking for something that is a pretty smart movie that is quite intelligent, especially the end, and if you are looking for something to remember, even paranoia, though it is in the right position Repulsion.
