Here is an example of a movie that was not well received at the time of its adoption, but whose status seems to be rising over time. "Tenant" is Polanski, one of the first interesting work of his first exile. It is located in Paris and in so many other refugee films the city, its streets, Seine, and especially the building where the action is taking place, play an important role. It is that Polanski chooses not to be an American (such as "foolish") in his basic education, but in Polish as he himself went to the West. There are actually many personal comments in this film that have been made about what has been the director's life during the crisis, and the fact that he decided to play a leading role (and does it masterfully) can also be considered some sort of exorism. <br /> <br /> This is a round story in turn. Hero Trelkovsky rents an apartment in an old Parisian building that lives in what seems to be the first very confused old or just ridiculous team of neighbors. The previous tenant attempted to commit suicide when leaving the apartment window, and Trelkovsky has just had time for his hospital before his death and his young and beautiful friend Stella (in his first role of hidden Isabelle Adjani) after Truffut 'L'histoire d'Adele H.' meet there. Soon the neighbors do not seem to be what they are, it is a conspiracy to make him crazy or to enter the life and role of a dead girl. He struggles, tries to run, enters the game and ends up entering and slowly with him. The ring is closed. <br /> <br /> This is not the most credible story we've ever seen or heard, but the film's strength does not live in the story, but in the detail of psychology, the slow disintegration of the hero's mental state, the permanent balancing game between reality and mistakes. To a certain extent, it is not important on the screen, but how does it happen, recalling the classic water in the water, made more than ten years earlier, at the end of Polanski Poland. There are many details that will never be explained, but then this is how puzzles have to be, and that's actually how life is sometimes. The feeling of clusterophobia slowly pollutes the viewer. Unfortunately, the graphic details of the last part of the film are not too well executed, and English-speaking dialogues (film made in English) almost neutralize the general atmosphere. However, waiting for the final scene is worth the patience. <br /> <br /> This is not the best film Polanski did, but with many good parts, it shows the director's hand and style and was an important step in building his career.
