When this film was opened back in 1976, the legend was that it met massively and disdain --- it was widely regarded as a failure. I remember Ebert lively, giving him one star, and this was said to be a boost in Cannesis. in a way that still amazes me. When I read many of the reviews here, I find (even after about 7-8 views over the years) many elements of the film that I had previously glossed. But even without understanding the psychological foundations, it is still a splitting guard ... even if you take on the emerging paranoia and persecution that transcends Polanski's title like a tsunami wave in two hours. br /> <br /> Exploring the source material --- Roland Topor, an underrated novelist of an excellent novel --- discovers more intriguing layers. Polanski Trekovski is the milqueto of the highest order. Although he first appears to be another easy daily soul, he gradually realizes that he is one of those people who seems to live through life, allowing him to lead him. He seems to have a few strong feelings for his pleasant and pleasurable. He finds himself gently like this and that, but it never seems to be in shape somewhere. This vague sense of selfishness is more noticeable in the novel than the movie, but there are also clues at the beginning of this film. <br /> <br /> Playing a female apartment at Mademouiselle Choule, who has recently recovered from a suicide attempt at the hospital, seems to be the most daring thing she has been trying to do (even effectively in return for the deposit price). He soon finds, however, that he pays more for his "good" than he cares because he finds himself in the middle of a nervous building created by neurotic, control mechanisms that are even hypersensitive to the smallest sign. human life, such as a walk at night or knock on the door. <br /> <br /> Instead of taking the stand, Trelkovsky is becoming more and more alienated from the situation and has gone through paranoia and persecution. She becomes obsessed with Choule, depicting herself like her, dressing like her, etc. Because her own personality will quickly wipe her own madness. <br /> <br /> If someone has suspected Polanski's fear as an artist, they would like to see this movie. The black humor of his trademark is visible here (and sometimes embarrassing) and --- God blesses him - he makes himself a butt. This is a tour de force performance in one of the richest, most risky, most gothic films. The fact that no more people have seen it is a real crime.
