After his classic film noir honors Chinatown Roman Polanski returned to the topics that gave him the greatest blow of the 60s with this horrible psychological horror, such as Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby, dealing with paranoia and claustrophobia caused by apartment life. The clusterophobic environment is the one that Polanski best creates, and it must be the most fragrant and finer image he ever created. Attention to sidewalls and distant points of disappearance is greater than ever, and even in the case of a small number of external scenes, the sky rarely glows. But the tenant is not limited to spatiality, but also to the intensity with which he focuses on his main character. Trelkovsky, played by Polanski himself, is not only in every scene, but practically every shot. If it is not on the screen more often, the camera becomes Trelkovski's point of view. And, of course, he almost sees everywhere that he sees his reflection that reflects him back. <br /> <br /> I can't think of any movie that is more intrinsic and lonely in one character. Some psychological thrillers, like M or Peeping Tom, manipulate us mentally with the ill-feeling of the head of a sick person. Others, such as Psycho, seek a thorough scientific analysis of their mental state. Does the tenant fall into either of these categories? it just puts us completely in the Trelkovski experience without demanding that we really understand or appreciate what is happening inside his head. We know his paranoia and obsession, although it has been constantly evident to us that they are irrational. <br /> <br /> Polanski was also the captain of the slowly developing horror film. Often, his horrors are vague as to whether there is actually something ominous, but they are one of the most effective scaring audiences. Why? Just because they open so slowly and invest so much time in setting up situations where they put the viewer in paranoia. Much later, Polansk's horror, the Ninth Gate is a bit of a mess plot, but at least you can achieve that terrible idea. <br /> <br /> This is a rare opportunity to see Polanski playing an important role. His talent in front of the camera was as good as he was behind him, and he is absolutely perfect as the flat Trelkovsky. Another remarkable performance is that all too often overlooked Shelley Winters is a concierge. In fact, it is rather a constellation, although many familiar faces look in this strange, Gothic-European film. Unfortunately, many French-speaking supporters are duplicated in the English version. <br /> <br /> The tenant is polished and less pretentious than the repulsion, but has no relationship and character that makes Rosemary's baby so appealing and fun. The tenant is good, without big mistakes, and Polanski was indeed in the form of a director, but it is not his most engaging work.
