Anthony Mann's Westerners with Jimmy Stewart have slowly reached this director with John Ford and Howard Hawks, who is the best film director in this genre. He certainly knows how to give a nice dimension to Stewart - in the movies of Mann, Jimmy's edge is slowly shown to the audience. In WINCHESTER '73, Stewart's relationship with his brother was his revenge. Here is the attitude "I only trust myself", which leads to another complication. Already before the film started correctly, he (like Jeff Webster) kills two of his hired cowboys, who helped in some way in the ride of bovine animals in Seattle (we never got it clear - whether they wanted to leave the livestock, or they tried to steal the herd). <br /> <br /> She will meet her game at Skagway, the harbor she has to reach to take her flock to Dawson. Skagway Boss is a so-called lawyer named Gannon (John McIntyre), who resembles Skagway's real superior, Jefferson's "Soapy" Smith, and Judge Roy Beani's "Gold Rush". The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would have become as slippery as Gannon, making every opportunity to make money. The Stewart herd cut off the public hanging - so (as a penalty) the herd is confiscated (later sold to Gannon's profits). <br /> <br /> Stewart is a partner with Ben (Walter Brennan - who won his last Oscar, who played Judge Roy Bean). They are also joined by Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and also meet two women, an experienced Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and a friendly and helpful Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda works closely with Gannon, but had previously helped Jeff escape from the Seattle authorities. However, he has a similar "I trust myself" attitude to Jeff. He offers him a job to get supplies to Dawson. He, Ben and Rube go, but at night (when others sleep) they go back and steal their cattle. Renee follows and warns that Gannon and her companions are watching. Jeff keeps Gannon long enough for herd cattle to cross the Canadian border, although Gannon points out that as Jeff has to return through Skagway, Gannon can wait until he hangs up. <br /> <br /> Rhonda and Jeff's reunited party shared the runway to take Dawson, Jeff chose a longer and safer way. After being proven, they go on their journey and arrive at Dawson to find that there is an unlawful element that threatens the community because of the gold fields. The herd will be sold to Rhonda and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee will start the investigation. There will soon be two groups in the city of Dawson. One, led by Connie Gilch and Chubby Johnson, want to build a decent city. But the mountains are not in Dawson for several months. The other, who focuses on Rhonda-led "dancehall", is with Gannon, who has a great demand-jumping mechanism using his gunslinger gang (Robert J. Wilke - really scary in one section with Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to drive away and drive both of his new wealth and Ben, who wants his ranch in Utah. But will they get there? And will Jeff remain neutral? <br /> <br /> Performances here are cunning, including Stewart as a man who is ready to face all the newcomers, but otherwise it would be calm enough. Brennan plays one of his patented old codes whose love for good coffee is unexpectedly bad. Flippen is first drunk, but the tragedy and responsibility shake him into a better mood - and have the chance to stabilize Stewart in his own words against him. McIntyre would get a stardom on television at Wagon, replacing Ward Bond, but his work in Mann's films shows his abilities as a messenger (like his commercial postman on WINCHESTER 73). He is, as has been said elsewhere on this subject, really buggy - but he has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mix of opportunist and man whose destiny is determined by his better feelings. And Calvert is both a conscience and a "Gigi" who is aware that he is more than a young girl but a young woman. <br /> <br /> The best of Canada's Rockies background is as wonderful as the way you use John Ford's Monument Valley. Mann certainly made this film the first level of management and the viewer appreciates the results.
