This is mostly the story of a growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). He immediately reminds Jeff of a short contact with the Skagway on the steamer deck and a longer picture when he hides in his cabin while the authorities are looking for him for murder. They find that they have common things besides animal attraction. Neither believes in a member of the opposite sex, probably because both are married to the spouses who cheated on them. Gradually, they learn to trust each other when they fly from Skagway to Dawson. But Rondal has a clear relationship with the corrupt sheriff of Gannon, and is dealing with some shady practices in his castle cabin at Skagway. He must finally decide between Gannon and Jeff. At the same time, Rene, a young naive French woman, likes Jeff right away, but on the contrary, it only gets offensive. However, he is traveling with him from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Together with Ronda, he cares for him back after Jeff's death leaves Gannon's gunslingers on his gold demand. Walter Brennan, like Ben, serves Jeff for a long time. He does not have a muscular role, but helps soften Jeff's harder edges. His death opens a symbolic door to a woman's companion to replace Jeff. <br /> <br /> John McIntire (like Sheriff Gannon) is probably the most charismatic city of evil boss you will ever see on the film, erasing magic and humor with your bullying. Apparently, he sees Jeff himself, reporting repeatedly that he likes him. He has incredibly embodied the infamous Soapy Smith, who spent his last years at Skagway, one of his oldest men. <br /> <br /> Jeff is the main antihero, lonely (except Ben's companion) who doesn't want to hold his neck with others, even if he knows he's the right person for the job. In this regard, for example, he recalls the character of Burt Lancaster, for example, "Vera Cruz". So, not only does Jeff let the Dawson Marshall, he is convinced that he will leave Dawson after Gannon's gang movement with a clear intention to take over all the inadequate legal gold requirements, while destroying some miners and pointing out that the rest will make hurry out of Dawson . Even Ronda recommends that he and Jeff hurry to leave Dawson when they are still alive. Then Jeff has a sudden change of heart, probably still a nursing desire for revenge for Ben and his own shooting. He turns the anti-hero into a hero by deporting Gannon's gang from Dawson. In this regard, he is different from the character of Lancaster who has never reformed (but has Jeff really changed or just revenge his mistakes for his own interests?) <br /> <br /> The main problem I see at the plot is two main women. It is clear that Ronda is considered the right woman to tame Jeff. Although he has been clearly described as a "bad" girl, Jeff himself has a squared square, having at least 5 men taken down in the US or Yukon and stolen by his cattle from Gannon. Ironically, as soon as Jeff became an anti-hero hero, Rhonda makes a similar change to the street to warn Jeff Gannon of the impending outcry. As a result, he dies and Jeff asks why he did not look for himself (he allegedly simply gave up faith!). <br /> <br /> It is clear that Corine Calvert, like Renee, just doesn't make Jeff's mind a dead Ronda substitute. Yet the phenomenon of leaving is that they get together, though Jeff never gives him a kiss or a hug. His image as good as a naive, young woman is in her work in the Rhonda salon, where miners are mining their gold dust, somewhat threatened, pushing the dust off the floor and restoring it later. I'm also very unclear about his relationship with Rube Morris, a medieval miner who follows him and works with him. (He is not his father). <br /> <br /> Another problem is the weapon fighting between Jeff and Gannon Gang. If Gannon had any skill with a pistol, he would have had to kill Jeff or seriously wound his boardwalk before Jeff did the same. And how did Jeff's right hand suddenly change well enough to shoot the gun with obvious ease? I also wonder what Jeff and his friends did to save the victims of avalanche. They were too far away to pull out in the snow. And why didn't most Ronda packed horses and mules by the dug avalanche? <br /> <br /> You will see numerous apparently named but familiar faces among miners and Gannon gangs. The sequences captured in the Canadian Rockies provide an amazing background for action. All-in-all, great fun in the West, where most of the major mistakes are concentrated at the end. There is no doubt that this film takes some great freedoms historically and geographically, especially the part that takes place in Yukon, Canada, which was actually much more hidden than the US Skagway.
