The review is completely due to its existence. We take a weekly TV magazine to see what's coming and decide what we're looking at. There are probably short reviews of most of the films that are planned to be displayed on the five main terrestrial channels. In addition to prose, 1-5 stars are assigned to each film. 5 means not to miss Miss (better than 4 excellent!), Under 1, which stands for bad. We have learned from extensive experience that, with a few exceptions, awards are given to the brand's taste, unpleasant language, offensive content, brilliance, horror, blood and courage, and especially the killing of a hero / heroine just when everyone lives happily ever. after that. (Unless this is done, the film is considered "predictable" - imaginary worst offense!) <br /> <br /> Brave New Girl was given only 1 star, which indicates that it is our valuable candidate for time and attention. This was also confirmed by the description of the film as a "really dreadful story" and "stupid, just stupid" movie reviewer. We watched it and my wife and I were glad we did it. The reviewer of the TV magazine also claimed that the film was "not a war and a reprocessing of peace", with which we must agree. Reading the IMDb reviews of this title a day or two days later was urging that adding my pen (so to speak) to my half-pennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first syllable)) was superfluous. <br /> <br /> Why did we make this movie? Well, it's just a matter of taste. We like attractive characters, their incredible relationships, interesting situations, courtesy and respect, good fighting over evil and so on. We liked the integrity and personalities of Holly (Lindsey Haun), her mother (Virginia Madsen), Ditz (Barbara Mamabolo), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joanne Boland) and two male professors. So, if the story includes a Western evil witch in the form of Angela (Barbara Mamabolo), provided she plays part of the beliefs. We appreciated the friendship depicted between two housewives, one of whom was a financially challenging upbringing of a loving single mother and the other had any material advantage but had little time and affection for parents. Is it a miracle that Ditz felt like he did Holly's mother? Is it surprising that Grant should immediately interest Holly in their initial meeting, Holly's blinding smiles and lively self-control? I think these questions and events are sufficiently plausible, but it is necessary to pretend that the scholarship and other circumstances are realistic to set the story. <br /> <br /> My wife and I are very blessed with the lack of important musical education. This allows us to enjoy the sounds generated by instruments and voices without our critical capabilities being overwhelmed by our hearing and thus by experience being spoiled. We enjoyed both classical objects and pop that went well on television, and we were not hit by lack of talent. It is also irrelevant that someone else should duplicate Holly's classical vowel. <br /> <br /> We enjoyed enough movie to search for a DVD. The average total price we've paid for our collection for our collection movies is currently £ 4.484 (rounded to four decimal places). Brave New Girl was available at the Amazon Marketplace by a reputable supplier of £ 1.3516 (rounded to four decimal places) above this figure. Such a purchase would increase the average. Why should I resent, this is a mystery to me, but it is a testimony to our enjoyment of the film we ordered anyway. I've given this film 7 IMDb stars out of ten, hanging over the overwhelming reception of one of the audience's performances, one of Britney's ads and one other thing I don't remember right now. (If it hasn't fallen, this review is an anthem for using parentheses!)
