This first-class western story of gold rush brings the excitement, romance and James Stewart to the screen. The Far Country is the only five of the five Stewart-Mann Wests that are often overlooked. Stewart, again, puts a new look on the more and more persistent people he had in the fifth Stewart-Mann western. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is insecure, always looking for himself, so he's so surprised when people like it and kind. Ironically, he wears a watch from his saddle, which he doesn't drive without. It shows that he can just take care of one person - his sidekick, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, because Tatum is the one who gave it to him. Mann, again, puts a new look at the ever-present people he took to the west of Stewart-Manni. He shows violence, excitement, twitching, romance and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben finished the series of events at Dawson's rich city and gold partners Calvet and Flippen and are not good but beautiful Roman and his hired men. They can't leave because the curved sheriff Gorn (McIntire) and his "deputies" hang them because the only way out is through Skagway, the city of Gannon. But eventually, McIntire arrives at them, but not to collect Stewart and / or his fine, allegedly owed to the government. What is McIntire there? He's for scammers to sue for their claims and money. People are being killed. Dawson's sheriff is considered necessary and Calvet chooses Stewart because he is good with the gun. But Stewart refuses to work because he is going to get all the gold he can and then pull it out. He also refuses to do so because he doesn't like to help people because law and order can always kill someone. So Flippen is chosen instead. The digger is killed because he tries to stand against one of Gannon's men - a purely evil, black-throated fancy weapon called Madden, who carries two weapons played by Wilke. Flippen tries to arrest Madden and see that it's fair, but she can't stand her, so she gets drunk in the city. Flippen is replaced by a man named Yukon. Stewart and Tatum begin to retreat, but Gannon's men are against it. Tatum is killed and Stewart is wounded. Finally, Stewart understands that he must do something, or Gannon takes over Dawson, sets his rules and becomes his city, such as Skagway. The audience that Stewart has to do is also understood. Another thing that the public understands is that Stewart is the only thing that stands between urban people and Gannon. When Stewart leaves, Gannon takes over the city. If Stewart stays and does nothing, the townspeople will kill one by one mercilessly and uselessly. There's a big scene here. Stewart walks in his cab. He's on his hand. A few seconds, his weapon, gun defense, hanging on the post next to his bed, the gun is close, Stewart is in the background, just inside the door. He looks at it in a few seconds. He throws it out. The button lands on the back of the chair and falls on the floor. It is symbolic because he throws away his old life, that he didn't care for anyone except himself. He comes to his new life, helping people need help. What ends with the film is the burning, fierce example of weapons against good evil and a truly good feeling that everything is fine.
