Definitely spoilers in this review! I ** adore ** American Gothic and I have been doing it because I saw it for the first time late in the evening when she first appeared on Ch4 in the UK in the 14th. The comparisons with Stephen King are almost correct. This is a supernatural superstition of a small town, but fantastic layered characters. Best of all, and the reason I love it very much, is it guts to never be black and white! Although Lucas Buck had no conscience, he often works as he says, giving people enough rope to hang himself. His manipulation only works because of the weak morals of other people. Caleb, though generally thoughtful, a kind and incomprehensible boy, can sometimes show the hidden dark side inherited from his father. No character is even good or bad even with the angel Merlyn, who sees a furious side on his arm. Not only this, but also the closest thing to Gail, Caleb's mother, not just to sleep, but to fall in love with Lucas, despite knowing that this exhibition is going there and not excuse it. I'm a big Buffy fan, but when that show tried to go "blind" in later times, it failed because it lost its sense of humor and was not fully committed to its ideas. AG shows that at the center of the exhibition may be morally bankrupt nature and still laugh. <br /> <br /> I can't even think of why it was canceled as I just hate it for all the ridiculousness. So many garbage on television and in good, original exhibitions strikes and stamps. Thanks to the emergence of the DVD, I see this exhibition as a whole! Yes, some visual images are now dated, but the horrible lines offer a terrible strange atmosphere well enough. The actors also give all the perfect performances that he does more than some strange camera work. <br /> <br /> The only reason I think someone may not be showing it is that it is not like X-files, where it is "solved" or "lost", with a huge unanswered question . It is quite obvious from the approach that Lucas Buck has some kind of evil power and that the exhibition is related to fighting Caleb's soul. So this exhibition can interfere with people searching for a goal or an unknown truth. Yes, there are some mysterious unanswered aspects, some of which are true for Gails' parents, but unlike Lost and X files, this show does not attempt to learn more about what is happening in the IMO. It's all about characters and the way they have to confront the moral choices of the Trinity world. Personally, I would just like to get a hit so that Lucas can see his situation in every situation. <br /> <br /> All the main thing I have to say is CHECK IT OUT. I'm pretty sure most fantasy / horror fans love it. Even when it is canceled, all the characters are arched and there is not enough closing feeling in the final. The only hanging thread I felt was Dr. Matt. If he is not in the last episode, it is weird. <br /> <br /> I would have done something during the second season, but at least 22 episodes exist, and maybe, given some seemingly a few TV shows, I'd be happy that this great show was at all! !
