This time, Blackadder is no longer royal (or even very close to such a thing) ... rather, Mr Prince Regent's gentleman, depicted by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McInnerny, who is very much out of attendance and this hole doesn't never full ... his character had an innocent charm ... although he was a worshiping and perfect moor, we can't help but care for him who is not at all true about his replacement (which he probably was on the Trivia page), not to speak out loud and completely dangerous. Edmund can now do what he wants and does it. Why is he so frustrated and angry (frankly it will become frustrating from time to time)? Yes, his master is a bottle, they are always. he has no money, no danger, no risk, the second was a queen naughty and childish, and she interrupted someone's head - or marries - with a whim. There is never enough danger that some conflict will be exciting and interesting. reviews and even Too often, it seems as if they thought the history was funny enough to just correct it, not actually disturbing the jokes or gags of the facts. And I can't tell you how many of them I thought before they were done, literally more than a minute away. It is usually not positive if you know the punchline before it is delivered. Baldrick does not change last season ... he is still quite pathetic and stupid, leading to "stupid" humor. Frankly, the amount goes through the roof. Don't let me start with gross outputs. However, the sarcastic, verbal spirit can be great, though much less than it used to be. I'd say half of the episodes were fun and funny, while the other three didn't get me at all. I was disappointed when some of the plots and their developments were predictable ... I saw a lot of this coming miles away. Some materials are trying too hard to be funny and the winds come over so incredibly forced. It continues with the tradition that began with "II" to work out plans from time to time. The topic is the worst bunch, the credit sequences are the least creative. All in all, it is the least favorite for me. I recommend it to fans of franchise and British comedy in general. 7/10
