Unfortunately, in such cases there are so many contradictory stories, because everyone is trying to blame others, that it is almost impossible to get a clear picture of what actually happened. This film is the victim of such circumstances. Writers (too many of them) have decided to take all the stories and give them to the audience so they can decide what version of truth they like. As in real life, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and there is a general cut for the audience to be unfulfilled (like coffee without caffeine, or sex without a climax). Whodunns, who don't have anything at all, are usually frustrating and make you wonder why no one did the research before they put it out. At least it was the fiction of your movie, if it was (and does). <br /> <br /> This does not mean that there are no great performances here. Kilmer (like Holmes) plays a prominent role, giving some humanity an otherwise unpleasant character. Kilmer and true lovers and friends who consulted with the film allow the audience to see a selfish, worrying person who, although his mistakes were many and large, was loved and cared for by many people (except himself). Kudrow's Holmes husband gives only the dramatic actor he may have, but it is a very noticeable and unforgettable glow. Bosworth's character was not as emotionally complex as he could have shown more internal conflict to eventually bring Dawn and Holmes to the end (he turned six months after they fled to Florida). Bosworth's apple-burned performance is from time to time annoying, sometimes touching, but shows that there has been no backbone that true Schiller must have. Other signs disappear from the wood, which is a pity. Lucas is a great performer who would have been able to get his teeth into this group if he had been prepared for him. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable of being a drug biker. <br /> <br /> The mistake of this movie is not the pain, but the writing. Too much food breaks the soup and this kettle, filled with so many promises, will end up starving. Story and characters may be less than sympathetic, but in what film is that expression? Other films, such as the 1989 cowboy pharmacy starring Matt Dillon (who was allegedly asked to take on this role and refused to do so), worked on a similar topic and acquired it to such an extent that, at the end of the film, you knew the ending of the film, whatever he had done. Van Sandt could have given James Cox and his team some lessons. If someone had bothered to find the truth, it would have been an interesting story. As it is, you will find more delicious (2 discs on DVD) and more informative with the accompanying WADD documentary. You understand from the DVD that Holmes was not a bad man, but not very good.
