John Holmes is so famous that he is infamous (as the three Amigos would say). This is a story like Rashomon about the events surrounding Wonderland's murders in the early 1980s in Los Angeles. The story is divided into excerpts from some participants. From a friend's point of view, there is a story, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is a part of Eddie Nash's robbery attack (Eddie Nash is a notorious drug dealer - and it's supposed to be the same character Alfred Molina who played in Boogie Nights) and is a strong drug scene. It is John Holmes' viewpoint (played by Val Kilmer) that makes him a pawn pawn between two kings (with cocaine bad). There are also memories of John's wife (Sharon - Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (played by Dawn - Kate Bosworth) that fill the spaces between the two readings. This is basically the same schedule that we look at, but the version of each character. The only thing that is lost is the perspective of dead people. <br /> <br /> Boogie Nights by Paul Thomas Anderson depicts John Holmes as a heroic with tragic but comedic karma. He is a caricature of a real person. He was a less confused child who received his "great" donation. Director James Cox turns off the comedy and turns this episode into John's life into the horror of watching all of us. The details of the real murders make this movie even more frightening. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer took what he had learned from Jim Morrison's doors, increased the activity of the Salton Sea, and then increased it to bring John Holmes's deterioration through cocaine. All participants draw very realistic images of cocaine. Josh Lucas's performance is one of the best films. He plays Ron Launius (I think this character is the same as Boogie Nights Thomas Jane's character). Ron was the leader of the gang, loved that John Holmes was novelty and that cocaine craving like sharks enjoyed blood. The use of cocaine seems so realistic to think. Did they really use Splenda? <br /> <br /> When Boogie Nights has a bubble-like feel (lots of colors and 70's nostalgia), Wonderland is dark. Action is fast and furious, a lot of leaps. It's cumbersome and grainy. There is no comedy, just an endless pace, as if the leader said the director was trying to put us in nervous, fast paced high cocaine to know what the characters were feeling. This is a graphic film. This is one of the most intense violent scenes I've ever seen in the movie. It actually shows the murders themselves (through the eyes of John Holmes at first and then from a third party perspective). It's so graphic, it looks like police evidence of a crime. I had to stop the scene after that and remember that it was just a movie. This movie is definitely not recommended for everyone. I recommend this as a good alternative to Boogie Nights for those interested in other aspects of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
