I recently got used to buying an interesting DVD that the Criterion company publishes. I think even if I do not like the film, the Criterion usually provides enough material to compensate for the shortcomings of the actual film. I read them and I buy the ones that are most interesting to me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my last purchase and I have to say I wasn't disappointed with the movie. It's cheerful, funny and romantic. All this is very good. The songs are wonderful. If I understood French, I would probably cry out and sing them all day. Such a movie is very good. Classical Hollywood American music was based more on song and dance than real characters and stories, but in Le Million the characters are quite well developed and the story, though not very impressive, is not at all absent. I loved the development of relationships, especially the relationship between one-time best friend Michel and Prosper. Romantic moments are also very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, several very memorable moments. Probably the most complete scene of the film right after the lead pair argument. They hide on the stage of the opera theater and the opera singers sing the lines that a couple Michel and Beatrice interpret to their situation. This is definitely one of the highest points in cinema history. The scene managed to laugh at me, win me with a very sweet romance and made me smile when the wise director was. I'll give it to movie 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some data for anyone who has the same criteria I do and intend to buy. Among the Criterion tiles that now own, Le Million has the least features. All this is a photo gallery (not everything that is useful, once it can flip) and a rare television interview with director Rene Clair. This piece is interesting. He was one of the many directors who had started with a silent film, and when the spoken languages ​​first appeared, he said they represented the death of the film. I think most people in the film understand what these directors mean, but it is interesting to hear how it explains it. Also, if you've read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, keep in mind that these were in one important part wrong: not every movie line was sung. In fact, it doesn't contain more songs than a regular musician. It's actually a lot more like Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers. My criticism of the disc is not so important. Heck, Criterion has the right to make these complaints. The fact is that their people probably spent hundreds of hours approving a movie that only 20 (now 21!) People have voted for imdb, and only about a hundred people, if any, would ever see the movie. Heck, if you look at the Criterion website, there is no Le Million. I have no idea why not. This is something they really take pride in (of course, their website is surprisingly awful). They worked on this movie. Bravo! They deserve all the money I can give them!
