Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), a Japanese exchange student who has just started to do some social work, is being sent to help her husband, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after the previous guardian, Yok (Yoko Maki), disappears. Karen will soon say that there is nothing right in Emma's home and she is trying to "see how deep the rabbit hole is." <br /> <br /> Maybe it is a postponement of the success of M. Night Shyamalan's films, but at a slower pace, undervalued horror films are a recent trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), the approach works remarkably well and in others, such as White Noise (2005), this film tends to kill. I didn't like The Grudge as much as Hide and Seek, but it's still a very good movie - it serves me from 9 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Grudge has a few significant differences in other recent examples of this trend. First of all, it is well known that this is a series of Japanese films that started with Ju-On (2000) (especially close to Ju-Oni's first half: The Grudge, aka Ju-On 3). , since 2003). Two, like many Japanese horror films, are not here at a slower pace here, both in realistic drama and surrealism. As with much of Europe's horror, Grudge should be seen more than a filmed nightmare. <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Shimizu, as well as the director of the five Jewish Japanese candidates, the current series (the fifth is currently in production) and the writer Stephen Susco has largely abandoned the linearity and has not been left with logic or limitations when it comes to story. Instead, there is a sequence of dream-like scenes with dream logic that focuses on the atmosphere, fear, crazy and many viewers - scares. How well a film works for you depends largely on how well you can adapt to such a different approach or are accustomed to it (though it is true that some seemingly missing gaps will fill in the previous entries in the Yerra series). Traditionally, the American audience sees the drawbacks that leave the threads of the plot hanging and giving up the "rules" of the "monster". A more poetic, metaphorical, surreal approach to the film is not yet accepted in the US mainstream. But even if you are not used to it, you should try your usual imagination to stop the movies and give the Grudge a hit. It is a well-written, well-managed, well-functioning film full of unusual features, such as a story that intertwines a large number of "main characters" (better than episodic Ju-On 3), good cinematography, fine production design ( look at Gellar's clothes that match the color and texture of the exterior of Emma's house as Gellar's first approaches), and with a beautiful effective horror. <br /> <br /> Although it is a slower pace that your average horror movie from the past, the acceleration usually increases superstition, and spooky fans for entertainment are not strange events. The supernatural assumption of the film is absorbed and based on interviews on the Shimizu DVD, which has paid more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore. Although the most interesting sub-texts would be more likely to produce Japanese culture with more intimate knowledge, it is interesting to think about why so many Japanese horror films offer scary children and adults who look like scary children. <br /> <br /> I divorced a single point in a movie that moves lightly into the cliché's mystery / thriller, "here's really been" a setback, but even that was pretty well done, or else it would have been 10 out of ten. <br /> <br /> Now that I have all said above, let me finish with the mini-rant: it's not that I'm an anti-remake, but it's ridiculous that US distributors and studios feel we need foreign film transformation. suitable for consumption. The original versions of these films should simply be played in US theaters. There is no need to present an almost identical film, but just to replace white American actors with non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a good movie, but in the end I see something original using this talent, and it would be treated with the latest foreign horror movies - not only in Japan, but also in India, Spain, China, and so on. in my multiplex. In the hope that someone who pulls into the studio reads it, it is also more cost-effective, because (1) you can completely prevent production costs and simply make domestic distribution agreements that you can make, and (2) you can make fans who otherwise took you abroad movie DVDs made in or even bootleg versions.
