It's been said that David Lynch's movies and shorts don't like everyone. Not even Dumbland, perhaps more than ever. I have the feeling that Dumbland, when people come into contact with it, is a real sign of "I can get it" or "What the hell". It is not exactly surreal, but it is absurd until it comes back. It's also very, very, very stupid. But in this stupidity it can be a kind of ironic intelligence that the maker knows as well as it is childish and reluctant, and that self-awareness is a plus, not a lack. <br /> <br /> This is just a bunch of short shorts - one that may not even make Hertzfeldt and the judge's animation show (which may add that Lynch has much in common with both directors) working in the middle of a limo with an IQ of 20, who has a constantly trembling and feared woman, and a child who looks like a clover between gingerbread and / or alien. A salesman who can declare the address of Gettysburg by looking at the sick brother's law, ant hallucinations, and just rumbling on the couch everywhere, all the time, Lynch is still testing because he was constantly better or worse The five-year period he did in and out of the inland empire. <br /> <br /> On the one hand, he returns to his first short, six-numbered six-week roots, using repetitions as This sometimes means unevenly and sometimes not. As with the episode of sitting around the house and doing nothing for teeth, bleeding and flying, absurdity is a kind of wax and reduces without good effect. And even if an episode like a boy's friend comes over, Beavis & Butt-head is funny (both laughing like idiots and killed things like fish and sheep). What ends with work is how Lynch foresees ancient abstracts that are the most sharply imagined and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> When "ants" are closest to surrealism, a man mistakenly sprays a mistake (called "Kill", one of Lynch's very cheap but fun pokes in social conventions) and represents ants in the music chorus, including solos. And one of the most frighteningly funny things I've ever seen from a filmmaker is "get a stick", where we just see this boy's joyful man getting in his mouth. Soon the neck will be broken, the eyes will stand out and when the stick is removed, it will not look like traffic to the well. The other moments appear in unexpected cracks as it is on the cheap paper, which gives impetus to the shocked tongue (mostly by both the man and the grandmother, who in one of the Lynch voices) is the deepest) and the trembling quality that resembles the crop cream (early) from Hertzfeldt . <br /> <br /> At the same time, I'm still not sure if Dumbland is something I would like to put on someone if they haven't seen Lynch much, but not to mention anything about him. There are some small points in a society that have been made through complete exaggerations that may or may not be closer to Lynch than we usually think of those who are in real life. In general, however, there is not much to read here, so I would say more than half of those who see it hate hate. Those who dig the bottom and bottom mines of animated comedy are ready.
