Dominick (Nicky) Luciano carries a "Hulk" T-shirt and casts out everyday to perform his tasks as a garbage man. He uses his physical strength to clean other rubbish bins and bring it to the city's dump. He reads the stories of the comic book hero and loves wrestlers and wrestling. As an annual tradition, WrestleMania, along with her twin brother Eugene, is on her birthday. He speaks generously with the many people he's dealing with during his day. He reads the comic books he finds in the trash, with the little boy he often travels along the garbage route. Unfortunately, Dominick has the opportunity to use his mind. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominick's disability came as a result of head injury, where he had traumatic brain injury. This injury left him slower, although it did not change his basic qualities as a strong individual who helps protect others. Dominick is actually able to live independently when he feels at the beginning of the movie. She lives with Eugene who is studying for a doctor. Dominick is the main source of income while Eugene is out of learning. Eugene has to face the fact that she must continue her education in another city and that she must leave Dominick. Eugene also develops a romance that will separate her from her brother. <br /> <br /> The film deals specifically with domestic violence and how it can affect individuals, families, and then society as a whole. The strength that increases between Eugene and Dominick when Eugene realizes that he must finally leave Nick, his birthday night exploded. Eugene screams at Dominick and throws him against the wall. At this point, Eugene must face his fears that he is like his abusive father, a father whom Dominick defended him when he himself became a victim of abuse. This event affirmed the love between the two brothers who became best friends ever since. Although they needed each other, they needed both independence and the ability to grow and develop relationships with others. The fact that they must participate became a very real emotional strain. At the end of the movie, Dominick can still say good to his brother and wish him good luck. Eugene is able to safely leave her brother to start working on a social network of people who care for her and help her independently. <br /> <br /> When Dominick knows his friend's abuse, he is forced to face the cause of his trauma. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick closes almost completely. He then goes to hospital after an ambulance to see what happened to him. After the boy is dead, he is faced with a malicious father who tells his character on the map that he does not see anything, knows nothing and says nothing and that if he kills him. Now that his own life has been threatened, he goes and finds a handgun used by Larry to kill the rats. He goes to the wake of a dead boy and under the attack he kidnaps the grieving family's baby. She runs out of the scene and hides the building. When the police surround him, Eugene goes to the building to talk to his brother. Eugene reveals the cause of Dominick's disability and brings the child back. The father then abuses his weapon, threatening to kill Dominick, but Eugene stops him and Dominick tells the crowd that he saw his father throwing his son down the stairs. <br /> <br /> There is a problem with functional behavior. Although Dominick's instinct for rescuing a child is understandable, we can also see how this response damages it. Dominick put the child's life and life in serious danger. The major social consequences of these events are not directly related, but rather shown through the end of the films. In spite of the more optimistic end result, there is likely to be another sequence of events where Dominick is charged with the abduction and possession of a firearm. It is somewhat difficult to believe that it was completely ignored. In addition, even if Dominick is not accused, there may still be stigmatization in the community, not before there was any such events. Instead, the film shows that we must be able to recognize problematic behavior and act to limit it. <br /> <br /> Dominick and Eugene appeared in 1988, the same year as the second film, Rainman, who won 5 Academy Awards. Although Rainman was an accomplishment and helped to increase the visibility of people with disabilities, it can be said that Dominick and Eugene have more valuable lessons for society. Rainman showed that American society may be able to learn and take care of "bright" when "savant" is a heir to a great heritage. Dominick and Eugene show that a disabled person may be able to take care of and help save members of American society. The message of independent people with disabilities may have been too strong for 1988. Hopefully, society sees the strengths of people with disabilities as a necessity, not as a threat, but as a force for society.
