I collect Horror movies from all over the world and I've seen good and very bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Of course, the operation is bad, the storyline is basically a mix of all the zombie movies that are thrown and the quality is low in some places. The thing you probably miss is that it is still fun and fun. The effects range, as someone here has said, that pastilles facing the zombies, which look like KISS, are really good for amazing latex work. But the reason you buy a movie with this title is gore and this movie is amazing in this area. Impacts are very good for such a small film. Someone called this semi-film and that's it. 100% fun semi-film. I've heard from various websites that this is actually a "rough cut" movie that got a general release, but the actual "director's section" on the DVD is a very nice quality. I buy it and meet for myself. <br /> <br /> The story is basically a nuclear power plant going bad and making zombies. Gov closes it, hides the story of the story to be built and the sanctions. Some of the factory is still underground and these undead come and attack the area. Some actors do a good job, there is a pretty straight social comment that is sensible and true, good music, great lighting, some effective gaps and tons of blood and sick holes. One man can attack and hang from bottom to end when you know what I mean. Then his intestines pull out of his mouth. The other is torn in half as during the dead times and they did a great job. There are millions of gore gage and it's almost all the operations. I say stop bride, enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat Market. Two great Undead epics. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just got a DVD and here's what I thought: <br /> <br /> All the better picture quality and once I saw the real direction of the movie and it's a much better movie. I liked it before, but now I see what Todd Sheets actually tried to do. And the comment also helps by listening to the pages telling the story in detail, he knows it's a tedious zombie movie, but he shows respect for all involved people. The pages also have a great sense of humor and some humble integrity that others could learn in the film field. Behind the scenes of the Zombie Bloodbath is also quite fun. I felt it was almost as entertaining as the movie that was made. There are some great interviews and behind-the-scenes pictures that have been mixed with news reading from some of the great venues like CNN, FOX and MTV. First of all, there is a fun little movie that is extremely tough around the edges, but I still laughed and enjoyed the ride! I've seen many DV movies and some video clips, and many are pretty boring, but it really wasn't. Although the newer DV movies are technically better, they are not that fun! <br /> <br /> PS - I heard they do it in a big budget?
