Just got the two discs on this DVD and, although not perfect, I found a general experience of wasting a good time. I have to say that I am a big fan of Zombie movies and I really think the films that made these movies have to be too big. I also have a soft place for people who sometimes try to dream of living for all opportunities. And again, these people do it. Is it an award-winning amazing movie? Not even close. But for the movies they make with their small budgets, they should be recommended. For me, the bottom line is always whether I had entertainment? Did I have a good time with this movie? And here both answered "Yes". The first series is also the most raw. It opens up to an accident at a nuclear facility and people melt or something. A few years later, a new housing community has been built over the old reactor. Some children who make a video get into the hole and find themselves trapped in the bottom of the facility. They will be rescued, but the hole will not be closed and people will be discovering the opening. Soon the whole city will pass by the dead. And these zombies are fun. They go from cool rotten to the cheapest white face, but they're fun. The culmination of the whole movie is a showdown between the region and the final survivors of Undead, where our heroes enter the lower levels of the reactor to take the meat to eat zombies and shut the hole forever! Pretty cheesy, but I think it was supposed to be. However, it moves very fast, has spider effects and really tries to style. Action is uneven, but some good performances seem to be over and one really should listen to the commentary. I went back and looked at it again and found that it is a good bit of information about the experiments and fun the team has experienced on the film. It seems that Director Todd Sheets is very proud of this first film. She knows it's clumsy zombie movies, but she shows she's connected to people. The pages also have a great sense of humor and some humble integrity that others could learn in the film field. Behind the scenes of the Zombie Bloodbath is also quite fun. I felt it was almost as entertaining as the movie that was made. There are some great interviews and behind-the-scenes pictures that have been mixed with news reading from some of the great venues like CNN, FOX and MTV. First of all, there is a fun little movie that is extremely tough around the edges, but I still laughed and enjoyed the ride! I've seen many DV movies and some video clips, and many are pretty boring, but it really wasn't. Although the newer DV movies are technically better, they are not just fun! In general, this is certain if it is a bit flawed with plenty of accessories and toning and spraying. Although I do not violate any of the major rules of movement, I found this series fun and always laughing so I give this device a definite recommendation. Todd Sheets did not try to make an award-winning art for this people, sometimes trying to set a zero budget for all probabilities, to make a splatter horror, and for that, he has succeeded in spades.
