So, Todd Sheets once announced that he was watching his first feature film in his 1993 video for Z-epic, Zombie Bloodbath. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how wrong this statement is. Does this mean that it will do much better? Well, then again, does the Zombie Rampage contain this mullet, now does it? <br /> <br /> To understand why Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered worthwhile, remember what 90s were like lovers of bad horrors. Ten years to say goodbye to B and Z when we knew it. Technological advancements, inconvenient trends and the Internet would lose s.o.v. the mysterious charms of the great golden years. And something that resembles remote control was too good for self-consciousness, because it's good, basically defeating this goal. Fortunately, everything does not change with time. Enter the Zombie Bloodbath. <br /> <br /> And I think this is the part where I explain the same exact assumption that comes from 500 other zombie valves in the last 40 years. Okay, so an accident in a nuclear power plant infects all the outstanding people, making them fleshy zombies that go rampage, creating some of the most terrifying but humorous scenes of the 90s. The first 20 minutes are full of the most inconvenient conversations you might imagine. Chats that let you know that it's not just a low-budget zombieflipp, it's a Z-Class disaster, Fella. a lot of hysterical, non-existent action to go around and it will triple to Mr Mullet. This man is really highlighted at night. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets seriously considers Zombie Bloodbath to be better than Zombie Rampage amuses me infinitely. I really mean that both are full of celluloid jokes, but then there are Redneck Zombies, so probably Todd Sheets is awsomeness. By 1993, this bad film is undoubtedly a complete blast, but Mr Sheets stands on his ground, giving us some good old fashion, how it was supposed to be, aware, helpless, and pointless. God blesses Todd Sheets. For anyone who wants a surprisingly useful 90's B-Horror, Leif Jonker's darkness should be at the top of your list. As for the Zombie Bloodbath, if you are a gorehound who is bored every day in the 1990s, then '93 would be the perfect time to pick up. 8/10
