One of my all time favorite so ridiculously weak-it-this-totally-lovable el-odo-and-stinko nickel'n'd independent horror creature features, a pleasantly terrific gauze that appeared in formidably fecund use outfit Crown International Pictures so it could play Numerous crappy double bills with countless drive-ins back in the 70's and finally being liquidated again are spoken as crazy for several small-time secondary cable stations throughout the 80's. Of course, I saw this amazingly ghastly foolish late night TV, which was one fateful Saturday night when I was in my early teens and I have had a frozen, albeit completely irrational, lasting peace of mind since then. <br /> <br /> The meteorite comes down from the sky and runs into a calm lake in the water, causing a dinosaur egg that is still standing. Of course, the baby dino is growing into a gigantic nickel, bite, tooth, prehistoric grave with glowing mirrors, an extended neck, and a large mouth full of little sharp, looted, stalagmite-like chompers. Our southern fried male relative, Loch Ness, will immediately drag to various happy local yokel residents who are a quiet and sleepy mountain town in the past. It is up to drippy stalwart sheriff Richard Cardella, assisted by painfully idiotic meadow comic, fraternal fishing guide Duo Glenn Roberts and Mark Seigue, hostile gal pal Kacey Cobb and endlessly joking scientist Bob Hyman to reach the bottom of things before exaggerated brilliant Jurassic setback destroys tourism trade, eating all the campers and fishermen whose hick hamlet is making their money. <br /> <br /> Director / Co-Screenwriter William R. Stromberg displays a wonderfully bad and profoundly inconvenient incompetence when it comes to tempo, the atmosphere, the tight narrative structure, and especially the creation of sound, acting in the spirit of his hopelessly omnipresent amateur community theater level. The performances are equally sad: Cardella is too much fun and wood to cut it into a heroic hero, while Roberts and Seigel's ruthlessly despicable red necklace awakens the beliefs of a lazy jaw - you don't laugh as much as they are laughing at them, especially when when the impatient imbets discover a split head that strikes the lake suddenly up and down. An even better, terribly integrated sub-line of malicious criminals leads to a remarkable tooth-fist supermarket stall that breaks down into a fun-fooled mini-massacre when a young boy-boy interrupts a sticky artist in the middle of robbery! The next chase of the car is also seriously mixed; it is so limitedly staged and impressive that a person feels easier than scaring when a monster jumps unexpectedly to eat an unpleasant refugee. What's more, David Allen's funky herky-jerky stop motion animation dinosaur is authentic gnarly articles that bring out some raw charisma, slippery reptile personality and a general vigorous screen presence that makes all terrifyingly undignified human characters alike pathetically innocent of anyone. And when the distressing conclusion of a sheriff taking our bulldozer with a bulldozer is the operative word of this thrilling confrontation all the time.
