You can't say much more about this movie than all the comments on the page, except - as Jesse says - "it's berries". All the commentators on the page wrote beautifully - as it is in this movie. It can be one of those illusory things that we hear so much, but it is usually done by those who draw the lines: a beautiful script. Perhaps Robert Redford strictly adhered to the actors / actors during the filming of the film, so that the story does not disappear. <br /> <br /> I also attended church when I was very young and into my later teens. The pastor of the Church spoke very beautifully and quietly, as Maclean showed in her church. This is, in itself, a completely different picture of the southern Baptist churches - there is no sacred roll in my church. It was a great church with many different programs to keep its church occupied - perhaps the most inspiring was the music department with a large choir and almost classic anthems. Too much Sunday church is almost younger. Do you know that it was safe to go to church on Sunday evening? How do I wish it would have been! "Running through it" is very similar when you hear beautiful sermons in the church whose members are fully involved in life. As it has been so beautifully written, the sermon of this film is Montana's open space decorations - isn't there rocket silo? A happy blessing is a catch of flight or some other activity that draws family members closer to one another and deeply understands each other. Although you can see some of the shady aspects of life, the simplicity of the story also gives you a lasting impression in your heart when you shoot it. Speakeasies and prostitutes balance off the simple gatherings of old-fashioned, community picnics, because this movie contains - in difficult contrasts with modern families who take their children to Disney Land to relax and call it "one day". It is being misunderstood, but when the "river" shows, some of its silent beauty can do something, but make life richer. This is the third movie I've seen where Tom Skeritt (?) Plays with his father, all the different styles and has worked great. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt, mostly undiscovered talent, with the exception of "Thelma and Louise" and "Meet Joe Black" and all cast members deserved many awards. The little stories that are said to be great are from 10 to 10 against me for all kinds of violence, unpleasant language, ugly and "action". I mean especially "Crash" and most "Arnold" movies. What a peace savior is this movie.
