(There is not a lot of spoilers to do, because there is no revealing plot, but I think I will describe some of the things that happen ...) That's it. This is the most pointless film I've ever seen. There are not just words to describe this movie, although the "bizarre" "ridiculous" and "ego trip" is quite close. opening half an hour is really strange music videos that have absolutely no plot or consistency, except that MJ gets into one of the previous ones. One of the highlights of this part of the "movie" is where MJ rides the merry-round plane through what seems to be the intro strokes of the semi-reversed bond and the sections cut from Yellow Submarine (dear lord you couldn't do) Then, starting a little over an hour, the "movie" begins with a lot of "fear" (some of it really horrible) that determines our "hero" and pursues it by looking for an autograph. It is clear that this still leaves us somewhat worried about the silence of the song (the discrimination of songs) and that it is losing them temporarily. Luckily for him, because it means he can witness a falling star and again, that I don't do it, become a shin. He uses this insidiousness to try to hide them, but for reasons I don't remember now, they see through it (oh no!) And the horrible pursuit begins again. Cue another song (big shock there). <br /> <br /> Soon after the chase ends, MJ will bring the rabbit to life until the policeman (in the middle of the desert) has interrupted it. It is probably illegal to dance there. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is as strange as the MJ cleaning strip to set up Smooth Criminal, including a fingered man, not just to kill a boy, but to burn his shadow on the wall as a nuclear fission weapon. Another good moment is, when MJ, seeing Mr. Big (Joe, what happened in hell in his career?) Peschi) kidnaps one of the children he was with, magically, with a tommy weapon, and at the time of the second violence, this pepper seems to randomly open this movie , opens everything that moves. The last moment I mention is when MJ is surrounded by Mr Big and his private army. Seriously, this man has dozens of people working for him, and they're in a cluster rather than mobiles, which I think are more like commanding units. How's he going out? Why does he become a robot with weapons and a shield. This is the third of the four transformations he makes, almost always at the corner and / or running. <br /> <br /> This movie is quite, quite surreal, with little plot and almost no consistency.
