Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon. His short films, ie music videos, are just the best. I don't care if I get a sci-fi feature from this man, but I care to get my mad dance, bull voices, cool crowd choreography and some CGI and animations. There should also be some uninterrupted videos. Everything I mentioned is here. The stupid plot and overflow "vanity" is not a problem when I testify to Michael Jackson in action. For me, he is always the ultimate king of music videos (not a "pop king" that sounds moral, especially to us Russians, because "pop" sounds like the Russian word "donkeys" and MJ is definitely not "king" donkeys). watch your best music videos (which are artistically beautiful) and I never get tired of them. <br /> <br /> My first impression of this movie was "What's this ...?" (bits of different videos, some drawn pictures, amazing jumps from one subject to another, the lack of uniform schematic lines, some kids fooling, etc.), but when I looked at it to the end, I can say that it was big and really something like something else to show on TV today. never shameful material and kids can just follow them. <br /> <br /> Michael Jackson without the music video universe would be quite poor. Also, the best classical videos from other artists are not capable of musical madness and artistic quality. very close to the ergonomic hyperbole. He knew how to get an audience of different ages, and he knew how to remain a man with moral principles. even if some clips have already appeared in some other previous version. "HIStory I", "HIStory II" and "Moonwalker" are all great, although only "Moonwalker" has more than one movie (solid "Smooth Criminal" theme, "paparazzi" theme and a couple of weird looting and twisting)). <br /> <br /> Since MJ does not have a fan, I can still get this "movie ... like no other" from 9 out of 10 (I have definitely hit "Smooth Criminal." The main complaints are: : The original segments of the movie could have been abandoned, but the main "MJ anti-drug campaign" should have given more "sky-accelerating madness and stress" and of course there should have been more "moonwalking"). Thank you for your attention.
