Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a big Michael Jackson fan, I grew up with my music, Thriller was actually the first music video I could see. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson was for people like God, a time when women didn't see him before seeing him before he saw him, sorry, Michael. But the Moonwalker was what began to respect all of Michael's progress when he released his famous Bad album, a record-breaking album, the first album with 6 top singles. Michael is an incredible artist, no doubt he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to showing the story directly to his audience? not so much. <br /> <br /> We start with a fairly simple one: Jackson Music, Life, Career, Success and Mania, the biggest star of the 80s in the world, Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a 30-year-old gangster who uses his powers as a criminal indicator to protect children. When Jackson was allowed to be near the children, we cut him out playing with the children and their dog. The dog is running away and looking for it, Jackson and the kids will discover a nest of Mr Bigi, Frankie Lideo, a drug addict who wants to get drug-related violence all over the planet world. starting with children. Mr. Big discovers Jackson and the kids, but they flee; Jackson tells the children that they will meet him at the club 30, which will be a haunted nightclub that has been abandoned since the 1930s. The story goes back to the mobile attack on Jackson and here it has become clear that Jackson is actually a magical gangster who pulls his power from taking stars. As one club passes, Jackson becomes a sports car and cuts several Mr Bigi's revenge. The story rises to the 30s of the club, and at first the kids are afraid, but when Jackson appears in the club's scary atmosphere, the children will find themselves back in the 1930s. The club is now filled with zooty suits and swing dancers. Jackson participates with other club members on a dance night, a music video "Smooth Criminal". At the culmination of the song, Mr Big puts the club in the limelight and kidnaps one child Katie. Jackson follows them back to Big's nest and ends up near his hives. Mr. Big appears and mentally tortures Jackson, threatening Katie to inject very addictive drugs. Although Katie manages to grab Joe Pesc's glasses and get rid of the injection, Mr. Big decides that he has enough and tells his men to kill Katie before Jackson finishes, but not before the impact stars. Jackson becomes a giant robot and kills all Mr. Big soldiers. Yeah, ummm, do you want more strange? Watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Moonwalker is fun for the first half hour, seeing Michael's success and all his hard work making his fans reassess. Is it usually the leap of your album? Yes, I love how he spends the first 25 minutes, praising how awesome he is, then we go to his song called "Leave Me Alone", which is sort of hypocritical, not that it is a great song, but a small event. When we miss the despair, the story was incredibly weak: the villain reveals his name aloud, while Michael and Katie laugh at him, lol. high? The offender also has a massive quick gun that would make Marvin blush. But if there is one new thing that is incredible, the movie gives us a new video of Smooth Criminal. This music video is perfect, it's choreography, it's setup, it's a song, it's a smooth style, Michael is always perfect and farther and Smooth Criminal was incredible. I loved Moonwalker as a child, I look at it nowadays, but it's not the best movie in any way, it's pretty stupid, but it's all good if you're a Michael Jackson fan too. <br /> <br /> 7/10
