SAPS AT SEA is obviously Gary Cooper's film SOULS AT SEA. The title describes the head starring well, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who go on an ocean trip to calm Ollie's nerves to get into the escaped killer Nick Grainger. As Rychard Cramer plays, this criminal is both fun and cool, making it a fine foil for boys' comedic characters. Despite his powerful presence, Cramer never boys, respect for Stan and Ollie's despicable charisma. It should be so, because the boys should be the protagonists of this movie. <br /> <br /> This is the magic of Laurel and Hardy staff to raise the average material. SAPS has a slow position on SEA. For example, as the previous commentator has pointed out, a little bit of a doctor (joyfully burned James Finlayson) is trying to catch a balloon called "lung tester" in Ollie, there is no punch. The scenario is very episodic, the first part takes place in the boys' apartment, which is almost completely connected to the other part where they go to the sea. All in all, the film is a very pleasant entertainment with a short enough working time so it is not worn, it is welcome. <br /> <br /> It is certain that Laurel and Hardy and the manufacturer will work together. Hal Roach. I haven't seen all of Laurel and Hardy's post-1940 movies, but what I saw does not even measure the weakest Hal Roach products. In these later films, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in an unfamiliar environment without having colored supporters like Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately and LeRoy Shield's terrifying musical results. Also, they are not well-known and optimistic bumblers we know and love, but in later films there are either amazing blockheads or pathetic malformations. is now inaccessible to the public. Even with a small entry like SAPS SEA, it can be seen that Laurel and Hardy were big comedians. The reason for this was that Hal Roach promised a great deal of artistic freedom to Stan Laurel, who was behind the crew. When Laurel lost his status in other studios, the team lost its uniqueness.
