This is my third comment that tries to combine two legendary film comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The link is here in 1940. This is the date when the former was his last film in his long-time studio in Rome. I will mention this later on. In addition to Stan and Ollie working at Lot of Fun, this is also the last time they appeared with familiar supporters like Charlie Hall and James Finlayson, who appeared in most of their films. This is also the last time Art Lloyd served as his operator and Marvin Hatley, who compiled his song song, known as "Kure's Song". And that would be the last time Stan Laurel was allowed to perform a complete creative control over the film. If this L & H movie has a more heavily loaded structure, it is nice to know that most of these gags are really funny. It includes most of the sound and visual effects, the latter being offered by long-lasting Roach staffer Roy Seawright. In this, Ollie's "hornophobia" is to work in a noisy horn factory, so Dr. Finlayson says he's going to rest on the sea. Ollie doesn't want to go on a boat ride, so Stan recommends that they rent one that is docked, that they shouldn't go. After they find they want, we find that convicted Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just fled ... I'll stop and say that it was just as good for a long-term home as L&H could have hoped for. It's fun for the most part from start to finish and knowing that it would be their last who is partly responsible for their information, is really amazing when they think about it. Oh, and I still have a few more time to mention: this is Harry Bernard's last film appearance, playing a port patrol after years of meeting with Stan as Ollie as a policeman, and Ben Turpin, a cross-eyed comic who was born in New Orleans, is a few hours away from my current hometown of Baton Rouge, whose second L&H appearance was previously "married" to our wife's boys. The last performer has a particularly comical moment. Okay, I mentioned 1940 when Stan and Ollie's last movie was released at Hal Roach's studio. It was also the first year that the New Jersey-born comedy team made their first picture of their home studio, Universal. The director of this movie would be the one who led L & H last year at The Flying Deuces. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. P.S. During this filming, the script supervisor Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident involving rolled up carpet. This incident caused Oliver "Babe" to Hardy to send her roses to the hospital. They fell in love and married on March 7, 1940. It lasted until the death of Babe in 1957.
