Followed by BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD, two movies that are hard to put on. Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - this is the last good comedy (unless someone calls JITTERBUGS or any later movie) made by Laurel & Hardy. It's just that it's a small movie with no crazy destructive BLOCK-HEAD crescend or the stunning vision of Stan's "real" personality in A CHUMP AT OXFORD. 57 minutes it's shorter than the other two movies a bit, but that's not really a bad point. He has enough time to get the right comments. It's not just as special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work in a factory that produces horns. I suspect that there was some Chaplin effect in this order (one resembles a similar assembly case in MODERN TIMES only four years earlier). Ollie's nerves end up and he's going to rampage. She goes home and her husband Stan does not help - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument (you have it - thrombone). After beating a poor professor, Ollie has trouble with an incompetent janitor / engineer (Ben Turpin in a nice short look) and then faces his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his nerve tester (balloon that gets out of the air, Ollie's belly). Finleyson says this is a bad case of hornphobia, and Ollie needs a vacation with lots of silence and goat milk. They get to the ship, but Ollie and Stan don't know anything about the seaman so they're going to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the goat ropes until it breaks and the ship breaks. Unfortunately, Richard Cramer, a fugitive, has also been aboard. It's not a peaceful holiday. <br /> <br /> In SAP, the SEA (like A CHUMP) could have had three shorts, one in the factory, one in the apartment and the other in the boat. Everyone would have been successful short and they all made a funny movie - but sewing some shows together. There are some very fun moments in the film - discoveries about how Turpini's misunderstanding causes a variety of accidents with water taps and stoves in the apartment; Charlie Hall, the manager of the building, accidentally remarks when Stan or Ollie runs for him and asks for instructions ("Can you help me find the basement?" asks Stan - "Certainly it can't be missed - it's downstairs!" what a stupid comment he just did); and Cramer's abuse with her two hostages slave. He calls Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (a hint for the decadent brothers of St. Louis Cardinal's 1930s) - see Dan Dailey 'LADI PRIDE OF ST. Cramer has boys to cook - and they prepare synthetic food (such as spaghetti ribbons) to get him sick. When he understands what they have done, he forces him to eat the food himself. Their reactions are excellent. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not in line with the top line of Laurel & Hardy movies, but it is a good movie in its entirety and a good end to their best years of film career (1927-1940) when they were with Hal Roach. In the couple of years before the release, the boys and Roach had serious production costs (OUR RELATIONSHIPS, where Stan was a film producer), artistic problems (SWISS MISS scenes are meaninglessly cut off) and contractual arguments Ollie appeared with Harry Langdon at ZENOB. Stan and Ollie hit FLYING DEUCES, where production was not Roach but Boris Morros. Finally, the arguments and problems ended with two pictures of CHOUP OXFORD and SAPS with SEA - and the high stars had left the guys from Roach. Unfortunately, they never found the film's relationship with the manufacturer as satisfactory as it had been.
