I enjoyed this movie much more than anything I had anticipated; from reading other comments here, I suspect that it is tremendously useful to see it in a cinema with a full screen, a joyful and enthusiastic audience. I was fortunate enough to embrace this experience, laugh at everywhere, and I had a great time with comedy at that time. <br /> <br /> Because it's like comedy when it looks shining everywhere. Music is nothing special - in fact I didn't know it was * musical and was very surprised when the assembled ancestors broke into the semi-spoken lily - but I have to admit that the half-threat, "Oh, what I do ..." is half-promised that it is much more memorable than it ever seemed, because it is still round and round in my head! <br /> <br /> The plot, as it is, will revolutionize the name of Francesca, a 16th-century portrait that clearly plays an anachronistic hairstyle and coat. His idea of ​​the sanctity of marriage is not quite like that of his distant offspring, Countess Angelina, and almost hears that the hero freely arrives in a hero that has arisen under the strain of the production code. his very late matrimonial bed is the right man ... <br /> <br /> Romance is hardly breakable and actually the first few scenes have played pretty well straight, annoying on the edge. But if the script and movie really are alive, then this sex battle is next. Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Betty Grable's married Angelina career is just about striving for Betty-Grable-as-Francesca, which culminated in a full-fledged fun fantasy sequence where she literally swept her legs. This is probably the plot comic world, although the consequences of the colonnade's confusing confusion are being developed in the two remaining "actions" of the operetta structure, and Fairbanks' blissful, upset awakening spectacle is more or less worthwhile if the price is acceptable at its own expense. dialogue in different oral two-way relationships. In the field of explicit reaction, he is indeed drawn by his male supporters; In particular, Fairbanks has absolute treatment in a number of non-verbal sequences whose structure and humor are worth the value of a silent screen. <br /> <br /> This film is too uneven in style to be classic, alternating with tedium attacked by sparkling wine. At best, it is really very honest very funny and at the end brought round spontaneous applause and laughter when the lights rose. Failure to tune in your times may not have resulted in a modern audience - but it shows that you really don't deserve to be discarded by both Grable and Preminger ((unredited) director). It is not a masterpiece, but a thoroughly entertaining little work, and I one who found myself at home.
