Spider-Man is, in my opinion, never the best superhero and this game is the best superhero game. Although it may be somewhat simple, you have to play it several times to get all the costumes and the comic book that is the simplicity of this game. First, it may seem difficult to control, but once you hang it, you are clinging to the web like Spider-Man itself. <br /> <br /> Bosses, while levels are somewhat simple, are fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is incredibly easy to win, which shouldn't be because fans of comic books know that Scorpion is one of Spider-Man's most deadly villains. Another boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The third boss is Venom, who I think is the easiest boss in the game, which definitely shouldn't be. The fourth boss is again Venom. This time it is a bit harder to win but still easy. The fifth boss is Mysterio, who thinks it's a funnest boss in the fight game. He is also one of the toughest bosses, but again, quite simple. The next boss is Carnage, who is, you guessed it, it's easy to win. But carnage is actually a fight. The 7th boss is Doctor Octopus, who is like all other bosses, but not as easy as others because he has a shield. 8th and last boss is only in the game, never in a comic or comic. I don't break it for you, who hasn't played the game, but the boss is the only boss in the game that's not too easy. Took me 4 or 5 when others beat the first or second attempt. <br /> <br /> Overall, it is a very good game. I gave it to 8 out of 10. The reasons I didn't give it to 9 or 10 is that if you get all the costumes and the comic book covers, it gets boring (all things take time) it's not very accurate for comic books or comic book shows, bosses are too simple and they would have had to use Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as a boss, I think it would be fun to fight the air to fly with! Nor did they use it as a continuation of the game! Well, the green goblin is in the future Spider-Man movie, so hopefully they will make a video-based video game.
