Jacknife is a war movie that is almost as far from war films. It is hardly possible to classify it as a war movie, because the only way any war affects the story or it is in their memories and even in those we hardly see. This raises very interesting questions about life, especially that the film's label says that only one of them is really alive (and by the way, though only Dave (Ed Harris) and Meg (Robert DeNiro) are on the label). it talks about all three characters of the movie). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War and Megs has returned to Dave's fishing trip to plan much longer than he thought. <br /> <br /> DeNiro gives a perfect picture of Megsi's character, which we are not sure if we want or if he really is like nuts, as Martha thinks he is. Dave reminds Martha many times that Megs is not his friend but someone he knows. At the beginning of the movie, there is a big scene where Megs has gone for his car to grab six packs of beer for breakfast and he is just in the corner of the room when Dave says it. Megs stops for a moment and then gets a room with a smile and a big greeting. It is only later that you will understand how Megs should feel when he heard it, the one who remembers what they were going to do that day. It reminds me of the old, "Of course, doing it" facts that people often say to each other who never have a plan to do something like that. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris offers great performance as Dave, who never got over the consequences of war. Even so many years later, he was unable to overcome the death of a friend during the war, accusing himself of this today and drowning his life against alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. He says he wants people to leave him alone. It is not a person who lives his life the way he wants, whether people leave him alone or not, he is a man who tries to forget that he is alive to live as much as possible from the world of life. br /> <br /> His sister Martha reminds me of myself at least with her roommates. I have two roommates who are 21 years old and 24 years old, and both act like they still live with their mothers, waiting for them to leave the room for a while. One particular (older, unfortunately enough), has no idea how to take care of me, I'm surprised that I don't have to wipe my chin when he eats. Martha has to do a lot for her brother, who is waiting for her hand and foot when she stays in life from one pair to another. Martha and Dave are stuck in a constant life, and neither of them gets out of it until something bigger changes, and Dave is the one who has to make the change. <br /> <br /> I tend to complain about romance in movies, where it just doesn't belong as much as Roger Ebert complains about their pathetic little effort, the red digital reading. But in this case, I do not believe that the romance between Megsi and Martha has had a negative impact on the rest of the film. On the contrary, it made it much more interesting because it was not predictable. The problem with the romantic blocks of Bruckheimer's films and the fact that they are so predictable that you are just waiting for the obvious end and hope that something interesting happens on the roads. In this case, however, it is not so obvious that something happens between Megsi and Martha because we don't know enough about Megsi. Martha can understand with her correctly that she is one of Dave's mad warriors and that she is not the kind of guy she should look at. Dave will definitely encourage this idea. <br /> <br /> Spoilers A few years after this movie, DeNiro made Cape Fear, where he plays criminals as an offender responsible for the lawyer who put him in prison. In retrospect, it is quite easy to think that maybe at the end of Jacknife Martha understands her mistake, releases her from Megs, and she and Dave make up because she saved her terrible relationship and then decides to clean her up because she's done something good to her. I was half way through this, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs stopped and even more pleasantly surprised when Megs asked Dave all the questions they had planned to do at the end of the war. Sometimes it is a slow moving drama, but Jacknife is fun to entertain and at the end it is great to be gentle without being a cheese. At the end of the movie, there are almost too many emotions that are almost unsuitable for the rest of the film, but it is so good that it doesn't hit anything the film has achieved. Anyone attending will give a great result and this is one of those rare movies that almost wants you to want to stop and wreck your fists in the air.
