The combination of reading Novella and watching this movie has inspired my wife and I new levels. Recently, I was thinking of an artist Thomas Kinkade's statement to one of his inspirational books; He says: "You and I were not meant to breathe in the air coming out of the night. I don't think God had a banal television program, a media hype, worthless purchases, and pollution of the soul in creating the universe." "but after thinking of Kinkade's statement, I pulled the film with my mental eye. I looked at it and saw the film a whole new world and it inspired me to read the book (read black). I am always disappointed in Southern California, but somehow got it into the material society. The film really looks at how we really experience God's creation. The story of Macleans and my desire to return to the fetus has made me move to Montana. I want my future kids to go down the mountain, drive with me, catch horses not only on open countryside and on the peaceful lakes that lie on the hillside. A place where you rarely worry about a crime. I look around at SoCal, and everything I see is shopping malls, their rude people in Mercedez Bens, miles of vehicle overloaded highways, gangs, racial confusion on the edge of a violent eruption, and all skeptical of each other's intentions. <br /> In any case, the film is very inspiring with an excellent example and a deep story of loved ones. There's a lot of deep thinking in this movie. The landscape is worth it alone and actually helps to relieve tension. You should stop this movie relaxed, but full of your life. To comprehend this meaning, it takes a compassionate, intelligent, and spiritual person. If you do not understand cinema art and how the director achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, landscapes, camera angles / movement, etc. This movie is probably not for the crowd who thinks: Furious is the biggest movie. It was entertaining but low. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: This movie helps you understand that life is not about how much money you have or what things you have. Rather, it is your relationship with family and friends and shared experiences. QUALITY DO NOT OPPORTUNITY
