"Italy" is one of the great or almost amazing films of 1915 that are available today. The year was a turning point for a full-length film, especially in America: Lois Weber's "Hypocrites", Cecil B. DeMille's "The Cheat" and of course D.W. Griffith's "National Birth" set new criteria for art. In addition, Russian filmmaker Yevgeny Bauer made two of his best photos this year: "After Death" and "Daydreams". The French series "Les Vampires" nowadays has its own admirers even though I disagree with them. Full-length films were directed by Europe, mainly in Denmark, France and Italy, but dominated by the market and, to some extent, art went through the Atlantic in 1915. <br /> <br /> The most important artistic achievement of "Italy" is its stunning and often innovative cinematography. There are some picturesque sunsets, mobile frames, including a short top corner where the Italian racetrack can be used to buy a wedding ring and the other one is captured by its moving car, and in general there are clever corners of the camera and expert lighting. A particularly striking blow is the close-up of Italian rage when approaching the camera closer to the extreme, referring to D.W. Griffith Pig Musketeers (1912). She is so upset that her environment is even shaking her anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the operator seems unknown. The director, though originally without a film, is now known to be Reginald Barker. Five or more other films made for Ince are available today, but they are quite unnoticeable. "Civilization" (1916), which he worked on, was a big production, but a deeply defective film. By the way, I think one or more different operators working on civilization also photographed "Italian". <br /> <br /> Moreover, all production is very advanced by then. Venice and New York are well melted, despite the film in Los Angeles (for romantic Venice) and San Francisco (New York's ethnic slums). There are extensive setbacks, though one or two too many. I especially like that the smart design of narrative has been read in a book that is characterized by the same actor, George Beban, who is also the leader of the inner, main story. The story reading also briefly describes the opening of the front and closing end of the curtain drapes, à la theater, which is reflected in the inner story of the child's room for revenge culmination with the opening and closing window curtains. Parallel editing, camera-solving and iris, and such are handled professionally. In addition, Beban and Clara Williams play their parts well as their spouse. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, "Italian" has some drawbacks. The film's earlier comedy moments are quite inconveniently inconsistent with the latest parts of harsh and heavy melodrama, although environmental changes from romantic Italian to naturalistic New York work well, mainly because it is supported by lighting and photography. The harsh separation of the American dream in this film, which is enhanced by harsh photography, must be embarrassing for strange classes, who so far disproportionately share the public with the film. The character of Corrigan should have been predicted more; his brief introductory campaign for another politician seems insufficient for his later centuries of revenge on Italy. In addition, the filmmakers were either medically naïve or negligent in not explaining the lack of breastfeeding and the unreasonable belief in the healing powers of the other child. In addition to the defects in the plot, Italy has been exceptionally well done.
