Have you seen a graduate? It was considered a film of this generation. But this river goes through all generations. Long before Dustin Hoffman's character got into the traps of modern suburbs, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul were faced with the same crushing pressures as they were trying to find their place in the world. But how could WW1 Montana be presented to the American family at a time when Wild West was not completely lost? Just what Maclean strikes in is so deep about who we are and what we have to go to find? When the film opens, Norman is an old man who flies in a hurry by the river, trying to understand how he has taken his own life. The film is literally a stream of consciousness, a flow of time and a return when it was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were sons of a presbyterian minister and dedicated mother. Parents fit closely in their roles. Mother takes care of the house and home. The Father does the work of the Lord. Boys think about what they grow up with. The norm has narrowed the boxer or minister like to his father. Given the choice, there would be little Paulus boxer because he said his first choice of pro flyfisherman didn't even exist. Boys grow up and get into trouble, fight to see who is tougher and do what the brothers are doing while collecting the church and participating in all other spiritual topics like flying. They have similar points in life before college. But when Norm returns to Dartmouth for six years, things are very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master flyfisherman. Grad from a nearby college and newspaper reporter who knows all the competitors and all the judges on the bench. Norman is amazingly well-educated for his day, but he has little idea of ​​what to do with his life, even when his father grills him for what he's going to do. You feel that at least Pops invites you to work for you. But you have to stay open and ready for this all your life. The Father has always taken his boys to reflect on the river and contemplate God's eternal words. "Listen," their father calls. It's both Zen and Quakerly. Pretty radical for a stoic clergyman. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and while Maclean is a truly godly, scriptural household, how is Rev. Paul is a true perfection when he catches the fish of the river, but he knows how to draw gambling and momentum, while his family does not know how to keep him in liquidation where he seems to be leading. Mother, father and brother seem to be the same desperate that they don't know what they should do and why they don't seem to be helpful. Pauly just waves it all as a smile and an irresistible charm. But the younger brother loses his grip. Norman begins to build his life, love and find a career, but Paul continues to slide. The family who loves her monitors helplessly. Mom, dad, brother-in-law, who's trying to help but none very effectively. How can a loving family equip it so badly? How can somebody be so funny and full of mercy as it is in the nature of God, but somehow inappropriate or unwilling to fit into the constructions of society that the peoples of God have made themselves? These are all the questions Norman is thinking about all his life. The eternal words under the smooth rocks of the river will forever haunt him, but retain his secrets. The movie is beautiful to look at. It's definitely God's state and filming won the Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays a story from the book and tease the story a bit to observe the emotional pattern he presents, and it works well. But go back and read the book. You can see that Norman made ties with his old man even deeper than the film might suggest - and you see places where the storyteller's words are exhausting and singing directly from the page, passing through a river that leads through the unknown.
