I read Norman Maclean's story and the film made Norman Maclean writing in writing. My husband tends to read it from time to time, and I've read it myself and the movie scenes are remembered. We have videos of many Redford movies and we've been watching "the river crosses it" several times. Redford is part of "famdamily" because he is always around. We never tired of Redford's understanding of Norman Maclean's writings and Montana's beauty. The script reminds me a lot about my upbringing because my father had the same vocation as Mr Maclean's father. According to "The river runs through", "Methodists are Baptists who can read," a line that by the way is not a short story, but I think it's a funny line! My husband and I have read the Baptists well! <br /> <br /> I have heard that the film critic says that the pace of this movie is too slow. I disagree. As a search for inner peace, this is the type of film that makes you think about the three / four rhythms of the beauty of the natural metronome. Photography Is Outstanding! Operation is great. I love the scene where the Norman and Paul boys talked, and wondered if there could be a flying fisherman or a boxer! Then as an adult Paul, played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven), is a "perfect man" who needs help with his alcoholism but does not accept it. The same goes for Neal Burns, who uses the worms as a feed, but he also needed help but did not agree with the fact that he needed help. Scene where Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and the whole family must wait for eternity to say grace! Finally, after hours, they knelt all around the table to say, "Grace!" and they all leave. But the oatmeal was on the plate! This scene where two love birds and their tattoos on your posterior! It's funny! Sunburn! Get back home where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to go on the train path! A beautiful dialogue when Norman makes a proposal to Jessie because she wants her to come to Chicago! <br /> <br /> Redford himself does a great job as a narrator. I couldn't stop myself from comparing Brad's youngsters with Redford (Barefoot Park). Candidate, director, actor, is a visionary who deserves praise for being promoted not only in the US cinema, but throughout the world. I am happy to live at nineteen hundred since I have seen the beginning of black and white television, movies and all technology and special effects so that I can watch and live in the same century as Redford, because I have had the opportunity to see my work. Redford does not need special effects to show us the beauty of Montana. My river means the line that separates life from death, memories, and reality. Redford shows the creator's hand so wonderfully and the river runs through.
