Coonskin can be my favorite Ralph Baksh movie. Like his work, it has a face and is not ashamed for the second time, but unlike some of his work (even if he is the best before and after Coonski's heavy traffic and wizards), it is not much uneven despite the opposite manifestations . Of course, Bakshi's stereotypes and perceptions of race, but he also does what seems to be a freehand exploitation film; Bakshi doesn't stop there. If it were just a blaxploitation flick with inventive animation it could be a sufficient feature. But Bakshi's goals are greater: in the 70s in Manhattan's city quarters, not only black people, but Italian / mafioso, homosexuals, Jews, New Yorkian types of grotesque and exaggerated images, are not doing anything realistic. The most common look that is sought out in the real world is actually a red, white and blue painted naked woman. <br /> <br /> These terrible forms of stereotypes, conventions, and racism (ie tar - rabbit, baby joke, yes joke, plus black face), we look at abstraction to a great extent. And best of all, Bakshi doesn't take her message too seriously, unlike Spike Lee, like Bamboozled. This is why Coonskin is mostly a fun job where some pictures and things are done and sudden turns and of course uncomfortable behavior (I loved a scene where three animated characters are spoken) is a real life white couple tux and dress looking "colorful" and similar ), it's just not too much to laugh. It is not only images that are, and are incredibly "overwhelmed", but that the scenario is sharp and it is key to Bakshi, given that it has a rather unified narrative that stands for improvisation and madness. <br /> <br /> Using the first live-action animation and then the ultra-smart match between the two (ironically, what Bakshi later did with Cool World in commercial format, here is T with less money and tougher edge), Pappy and Randy are waiting outside the prison wall to escape the girlfriend, and Pappy talks to Brother Rabbit, who, with his brother Bear and preacher Fox, went to Harlem and becomes a great hoodlum with Rabbit in direct opposition to the Jabba-Hut-esquire godfather nature. Obviously, it is the southern song that starts with its deliberately happy happy plot and animation, which is separated here and shows how it is rotten and offensive. <br /> <br /> Bakshi, however, is going to break the forms together; animated characters stand behind and move with live-action backgrounds; when violence and punches and struggles take place, it is as bloody as in 1975; when a dirty policeman is in the bar and is stunned and put on a black face and a dress, he travels so that even Disney doesn't reach Dumbo; a boxing game against Brother Bear and an opponent when the climax is filmed with natural slow motion; Archive materials occasionally come out of old films, some and some of the 20's that are just tasteless. <br /> <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick, or recently in South Park, Bakshi Coonskin is the first to entertain, and then I was thinking of provocation. It is also cruel film making on an independent scale; everything from long to editing and endlessly warped characters (but all based on the theme of the work) will serve as the script's thoughts, where the chart of this B movie opens up much more for interpretation. Calling it a racist, this point was missing; it's like dr. Destruction of the Strangelove atom or Confederate States of the United States. And for me this is one of the best satires ever made.
