Stunning realization occurs when a phenomenon occurs! Okay, the fires that are attacking, the robbery, the hurricane that destroys everything along this path, or any other outstanding performance! But for the Maclean family, something that was more complicated than their daily lives was rotten. His wife was frightened and conscientious about God. Two boys were fine ... BOYS !! .. What do you want to say yet? ... Brad Pitt celebrated this movie before he was really THE !! Brad Pitt and his show in this movie were at least remarkable! .. His brother Norman was a type of brain, touched by real emotions and a set of motivated values ​​that Missoula, Montana agreed !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was unevenly dislocated and lived on the edge ... You think Montana didn't have such a thing in the 1920s, but somehow, gambling, drinking and violent confrontation were just as much Paul, as did his flying fishing rod !! Fly Fishing !! Did I say that? Parenthetically, it was the core of this movie theme !! The fly fishing holiday earned a unified link that homogenized Maclean's brothers and, to a lesser extent, father !! I would describe the behavior of this film incredibly credibly and cinematography would transcend sensational. In this way, anyone who sees this film wants to live in Montana. and the effervescence that the Maclean brothers had kept alive ... Seeing in the film witnesses that feelings immediately lead to hardness in order to achieve whatever may be desired. Maclean's brothers lived a life full and better or worse, Dad knew it was the only way two of them would become a man! ... Robert Redford directs this film and talks about the story of Maclean from the point of view of Elder Brother Norman ... Norman gets a job at the University of Chicago at the age of 26 and marries a woman he always loves ... This film also shows that younger brother Paul has achieved its accomplishment by itself, as it is a remarkable airplane! The existence of a younger brother is dominated by the side of life and surprises the Maclean family. Since most of the human deficiencies go, the Maclean family (literally) illuminated the worrying water bodies and thereby created the unity of the family by placing the necessary blinds !!! <br /> <br /> The end of the movie "River Passes Through It" depicts an epigram of life in the eyes of an older brother. Norman Maclean's stoicism in his emeritus years is a prerequisite for persistence !! This fate is largely due to the fact that the reflection of his life is equivalent to the longing for people who are dead! The memorable memories of his brother, his wife, mother and his father must now be seen philosophically! For Norman, his life has succumbed to stubborn facts that have determined his dubious outlook and insecure solution! Something as simple as "It was your life and how you lived" is a pleasant memory of joy, sadness, regret, and love, as well as !! Best to put the last sermon when he heard his father, his father said, "We can love someone without fully understanding them." Do you agree with what has happened in your life or not, but it happened! Norman Maclean must deal with the misunderstanding of his life! Norman Maclean has become a regrettable twentieth, with virtual conclusions polarizing his life! The dark waters of Montana's picturesque rivers are weak on its earth and desultory termination! Undoubtedly a very fruitful statement "what seems complicated is really very simple", a very sharp message in this film ... Simply put ... The people and places important in Norman's life are just bitter memories .... just the intellectual intellectual memory of events , which is exacerbated by the haunting waters of the beautiful streams and rivers of Montana ... Which "All Things to One and the River Passes Through" to the whole Maclean family
