Batman and Superman. Iconic. Better part of the century. Who doesn't know about these two? There must be countless fans who would die for making a movie about them. Sandy Collora went on and made a trailer for such a movie (which this team does not and does not create, the less). Maybe that's the most for how it is polished. The whole cinema is strong. Editing is on-site. The production values, even if the costumes are more similar to their comic collectives than those that characterize these characters, are quite high. It looks pretty "Hollywood", this trailer. Physical types fit as much as possible with each symbol. These lines are reasonably written. The shots are well thought out, nicely achieved and quite effective. But it has problems, and despite good viewing, it's not quite right with Grayson's energy and skill (which was just a problem that was too far back and forth between the trailer and the trailer) as an unlimited passion leading to too many characters and ideas being added). Action is probably the most obvious. It's ... not good. Even some of those with only one line and / or no display at all can provide good results. Partially cast participants seem to have chosen more than how much they look like they play as their talent. Then there is writing. Indeed, the plot, well, what a small amount (this and that character team up, something about the evil plot) is good. There is a problem with characterization. Although most of the symbols seem to be suitable, the two faces are about as much as the dirty lunatic (which is simply, as far as I have understood, not what this character is) as it was in Batman Forever's work of depicting any element of the Batman universe Compared to Joel Schumacher's efforts, the fan is the biggest offense. Likewise, placing this character in the comparison of this trailer and its film (frankly, Collora is practically * begging * so similar to the initial revelation), and let's face it, it loses to everyone. Michael Antonik certainly does not have Tommy Lee Jones' existing screen presence and make-up (which is important above) is not as strong as the film (whether it was good or not). movie is another thing). The sad thing is that while Fiorella (John who created Grayson) seems to be much more comic and they get them, their depth, better (not to mention that he has more ability to come up with compelling plots.) Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films or more), Collora seems to have access to financial resources and who are more likely to have contacts (because they do not have their own index credit in their filmography) to actually make their trailer a real feature. I'm going to see another Collora job. However, Fiorella is one of the two most definitely interested in my work. I recommend this to fans of characters. 7/10
