Being a fan of the genre, a child of the 80s and a hard rock music fan ... this film has a special place in my heart. It has everything you want in a supernatural film: action, great special effects (1986), and a guitar sounding band. It was definitely a movie for all heavy metal fans. I didn't see it in the cinema because it was never published at the theater ... but it's popularity in the mid-eighties and late weeks of the video securing its cult status and eventually (unfortunately, mediocre) DVD release in 2002. \ t If you are not a creepy movie or rock music fan then this is probably not your cup of tea ... but trust me that there are worse such movies ... and despite the average and some annoyingly ridiculous situations, Trick or Treat is definitely the most common Dreadlocks. You never look at your stereo again in the same way. Or should I say to an MP3 player? After a bit of direct video, including "Little Devils '' Killer Tomates 'eating France' and 'The Rescue', he refused to pursue a career in comedy. Recently, he has been considering the return of television. <br /> <br /> Glen Morgan (Roger) is now a big Hollywood producer / screenwriter. He has written and produced a number of great films and TV series, including: "Space: Above and Beyond", The X-Files 'Final Destination' by Jet Li The One''Willard, and lastly 'Final Destination 3'. br /> <br /> Tony Fields (Sammi) started his career as a dancer in the TV series Solid Gold. He appeared in a number of low-budget films and television shows before he landed as an assailant, like a fucking Sammi Curr in trick or treat. Unfortunately, Tony died on 27 February 1995 for AIDS-related cancer. <br /> <br /> Doug Savant (Tim) is probably best remembered for his homosexual twentysomething Matt Fielding's pioneering role in the popular sitcom "Melrose Place". Since then, he has had a long and diverse acting career in films and TV series: "One''Godzilla''CSI: Crime Scene Survey and Short-Term Joss Whedon's Sci-Fi Series" Firefly ". He can now be seen as Tom Scavo, who has hit the amazing series "Desperate Housewives".
