I heard about this movie when I watched VH1 "100 most metal moment". In the segment, Gene Simmons (who played the camouflage) and several other interviewees discussed how this film is totally terrible. Unlike most people, I am often curious to watch movies that have a reputation because they are ridiculously bad, like a cinema masterpiece. The advantage of this attitude is half the time when I find out that the movies are not nearly as bad as people said, and finally I can enjoy them much more than I originally expected. It was my experience of "Trick or Treat". Now it's hard to make a movie about a teenage boy who gets messages from a dead metal star, playing one of his older movies without firing up space. Of course, this is certainly a strange assumption, but what has never been done before! Give the filmmakers points for Pete! If you want to buy a DVD with no prior knowledge of the movie, don't be fooled into thinking Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons. But even though Simmons has an ungrateful role, Ozzy is a funny beaver as an admirer (that's right, admirer !!) who talks about heavy metals. First, it's funny to see Ozzy's short hair. And the other thing you can't help but laugh irony. Of course it is cheap but effective. Action is pretty good. I found the performances convincing. Teenage characters are terribly clichés. So wait for the usual jocks and nerds. And as in all these films, a beautiful girl is a decent person who has compassion for an alienated main character, but continues with her jock-boy. Why does he go out with such a full prick first? Because the plot needs an obstacle. There is no other reason. But I can't deny that one of my guilty pleasures is watching the evil jockeys of these films because I was called up in high school. The film kept my interest for the most part, but the third act is too usual and made me roll out because there would be one predictable situation after another. All in all, the movie is not at all bad and definitely worth the rainy day. (7 out of 10)
