Undoubtedly, the best heavy metal scary object that has been deliberately made in the Gangang 80s, which does not sound much, considering how many other surprises in this odd little scary movie are like "Hard Rock Zombies", "Blood Tracks". "" Terror on Tour "and especially the godless" Rock'n'Roll Nightmare "stinking on the godless Jon-Mikl Thor's main part, it deserves to be backed up to support excessive spraying and without the need for vivid special f / x razzle-dazzle still need props focusing on adolescent high school figures depicted in the mid-80s with a high degree of sharpness and plausibility. that it's fucking music, it's very clever and funny (famous greedy decade of heavy metal Ozzy Osbourne has a little bit of anti-metal TV evangelist fun!). <br /> <br /> Marc Price (hopelessly despised Skippy) In family relations ") gives a surprisingly strong and winning performance Eddie" Ragman "Weinbauerina, geeky, socially uncomfortable and seriously persecuted. a skeleton enthusiast who has consistently chosen to stop-up jerk preppie bullies, who make up the majority of the Lakeridge high school student organization (the cruelty of high school children and the average wit is painfully reliable). Eddie's life gets worse than her rock star idol Sammi Curr (the impressive image of Tony Fields) dying in the hotel fire. Hip's local disc jockey Nuke (KISS front-man Gene Simmons in a cool chamber) hooks Eddie's step to the final, unpublished album that plays Curr's malicious spirit back from the dead. Samd is encouraged by Eddie to light him up on all the weak who make the poor Eddie's life an old living hell only to see Eddie's most reluctant companions. This is Eddie's task, with the help of the symbolic girl Leslie Graham (probably an essay for cute Lisa Orgolini) to stop Sam before things move too much. <br /> <br /> Relatively remarkable thinking and sensitivity of character actress Charles Martin Smith (who also briefly appears as a nerdy school teacher), written by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Soisson, and Rhet Topham, who acted evenly with snuff, this particular hero even ready for a handful of good "jump" moments (embarrassing attack on the back of the car, which is a definite highlight of the grotesque, long-lived mutant range), a brisk "Carrie" style high school dance killing order, properly used in the Halloween setup, revenge is correctly shown in a really ugly business and confident The central message is that you should not strictly set a certain excessive person on your hero, because the calculated anti-institute posting said that the companion would not qualify for this special status.
