Best movie from the Battle of San Antonio in Texas In March 1836, John Wayne's 1960 epic ALAMO was. In one work, as a director who temporarily calms her, Wayne showed that she was a talented filmmaker outside her iconic abilities that characterize the West. <br /> <br /> I've commented on this movie on the second night, and I noted that Wayne and James Edward Grant (scriptwriter) were dealing with some of the points that were hardly mentioned in the earlier films about the battle. They brought up the question of slavery. Finally, they discussed the contribution of the local Mexican landowner Juan Seguin as an important leader of the War of Independence to Crockett, Bow, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was one weakness in the movie (though well hidden). Wayne did a hard job to think about it properly, thinking many people that he was in the lead. But he didn't deal with the enemy leader, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role was played by the actor Ruben Padilla (on this board, her yarn shows only three credits). Padill had no conversation (even in Spanish). And although he has one of the last shots in the film, he is simply shown as a silent tyrant, watching the burning of the American and their allies. Selecting this television film (ALAMO: THIRD DAYS FOR CLORY) is the best film showing a man who was (1836–1854) a leading bogeyman American policy-maker. Raul Julia was a wonderful stage actor. I was happy to see him in the production of ARMS AND MAN MAN in Manhattan, Sergius (late 1980s). He was never bored and usually for the first time in his behavior. <br /> <br /> Here we see the egotist monster at its worst. Nothing is unacceptable that does not fit Santa Anna's wishes or activities. It may be that the army is not able to get it fast enough, or it may be the peculiarity of those "strangers" (when he saw the Americans), "that Napoleon Santa Anna was the President of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He claimed that he was for the first time dropping the president, because the president did not live according to the constitution of the country, but it was the force that continued him year after year. It is a sad comment that he was the leading historical figure of Mexico for these decades. Benito Juarez did it at the end of the 1850s Initially, he claimed a great liberal ideal, but he once testified that the Mexican people were children who needed guidance within a hundred years before they could rule themselves (and thus sounds like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS, where he talks about people he helped Jose against Ferrer. The amazing thing about him was that he managed to come back. Although we know of his attack on Texas (to force an uprising there), he also tried to expand to Guatamala (and apparently saw himself under control of Central America). He won Alamos, but with great cost of living. The men of his massacre colonel Fannin, Goliadi, were unforgivable (Alamo's defenders who fought against the latter, but Fannin had abandoned) could be destroyed. Then came the San Jacinto disaster, where his army was destroyed (he did not take sufficient precautions to track American forces). He was caught and humiliated and forced to sign a Texas transfer. Houston was kind to him: the troops wanted to pull him up. <br /> <br /> When the leg was defeated in 1838 when fighting France, he was not wounded in most of his wars. He rejected the forced transfer of Texas, but was unable to militarily allow it. Instead, he led the Mexican victory in 1846 - the 48th anniversary of the war against the Americans, which led to the Mexican session. The US was "decent" to pay $ 15,000,000 for Mexico in the southwest, but Mexico lost half of its territory. He would be the last president in 1853 to give Franklin Pierce a terrible bad time, a glory moment - Santa Anna sold the border with Arizona and New Mexico ("Gadsden") to the United States. (not even Porfirio Diaz) ever paid so much for his homeland (Diaz sold for foreign business interests but built the Mexican economic muscles). He was in exile in 1855 and moved to Staten Island. There he managed to do his most creative work: he introduced to the United States and became a chewing gum. Some achievements! <br /> <br /> Julia Santa Anna is younger than practicing cynics and schemes, becoming America's best buying agent in the country. He does not intend to oppose the opposition and he jumps for a moment in angry tantrums. Most of the time, his main sponsor, Colonel Black (David Ogden Stiers, here a British-born officer) keeps his language - he doesn't want to be in front of a shooting group as he could. But Stiers are less secret than his boss fascinated. Finally, Stiers, as the only dead Alamo defenders alone, suggests to the world what Santa Anna really likes. And they did!
