I have to admit that I have always had difficulty viewing the Antonion movie from beginning to end in the first attempt, and even this, I have repeatedly looked at it repeatedly in three. Finally, I realized that it was so better because it forced me to stop thinking under normal parcel conditions and just enjoy scenes one by one. The first part seems much more fragmented, which is not a bad thing, but simply requires more effort. When it reaches the desert, all efforts will be fully returned. Stunning cinematography is only part of what makes it all unforgettable how the landscape has become an overwhelming presence, its silence and size, the feelings of sadness and freedom, the way it blends and contrasts with two young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it seems less distant and unfamiliar than the scenes of the first part of the city. The dance between the plane and the daughter carries a number of great shots. The scenes of love in the desert are just beautiful, such an approach is hard to imagine from our time. Of course, something very stylish and studied about them, but at the same time they succeed in expressing the natural, spontaneous innocence that is very rare these days. It all seems to be loose and unwritten (also due to underestimated action), but it is due to the manic attention to detail and form that eventually ends up in a series of explosions at the extreme end, a truly mesmerizing spectacle. It just leaves you frightening. <br /> <br /> I do not care about some of the usual objections: boring - yes, yes, that is if you want all the movies to follow the classic plot development and be packed with action, but if all the cinema were like that, it would truly boring and sad; pretentious - maybe, but if such an ambitious is related to actual skill, depth and style, pretentious compliment is. "Political" criticism is the least in my mind, I do not see such a film approach with ideological blinds or worse, patriotic claims. It just loses its purpose. Perhaps it is true that, as the previous observer pointed out, these young "hippe" and protest and rebel policies were viewed by the police together with an alien fascination, but I think it adds something rather than to the film. It is not true that there were no hippies in Italy at the time (think of “68 protests, like in France”, although they were obviously different from American colleagues and in some ways even more militant. But his interest in this film was not strictly political. as a pretext for a film whose appeal is universal, timeless quality. <br /> <br /> A special remark for fantastic sound therapy, including the film with Easy Rider, probably one of the foremost predecessors of the modern "artistic" music video, and the concept of a film soundtrack that stands independently but unlike the first one uses music much more subtly, mixing it with the landscape rather than action.
