When this film was made, the hippie thing had become the mainstream. The ideas of counter-culture were well established, so you can make such a big movie. But it has something to say, and it is really beautiful. Apart from those who are just waiting for wanking material, this film will be given the most beautiful scene (which in itself is more than enough reason to watch a movie). The soundtrack of this movie, which actually became more popular than the film itself, is another plus. Pink Floyd's "Cautious Ax of Eugene" fits well with explosions, the lack of music in other scenes gives the film a nice, quiet mood. But. The messages of this film seem to have been most neglected. If you don't understand what seems to be the most, I will give you some hints: a man (a harsh man, whatever his name is? Mark) is part of a "reality group". He leaves this group saying something like "I'm ready to die. But not boredom" Later he went to the stolen plane to rejoice, probably looking for some action. As he is in the air, Grateful Dead's Dark Star (live / Dead album) is played. This song contains the phrase "Do we go there and I until we can", but it has not been heard in the film (perhaps stretching it a little too far, which means that quoting is indispensable?) who rides his car to a conference (for the typical suburban families to live in a desert place where everything is so simple and nice. For the whole family!), diving down, almost hits the car. He lands on the plane and joins the girl in Detroit. They stop at Zabriskie where they enjoy each other as living beings and in nature. Later, a big car (of the type where you sleep) and a speedboat family will appear at Zabriskie Point, where the father says something, "what is the waste that drives all over here," and the boy sitting inside the car, smiling. I felt "it wasn't much better than on TV". Daria takes Mark back to a plane that is now painted with a psychedelic style, an identity number on one side "no war" and on the other hand "no words". "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark takes the plane back to where he stole, saying to Daria before he leaves "I'm not threatening anything" or something that is one of the many hints that he didn't care too much about his destiny. (Because he has the feeling that the surrounding environment does not give him anything - "I don't know what is happening in the real world") At the airport, he is met by police officers who let him down, even though he has just returned the plane. Daria listens to it on the radio, but decides to go to the conference in a fancy mansion. Here he knows the alien after the adventures of his simply killed friend. She enjoys the fresh water running down the stone, more than the pool. Inside the house, the viewer is again given a hint of anti-materialism - he looks through the glass wall, keeping his hands on the glass as he was trapped. Businessmen are said to be alleged, one party wants to do a lot, the other is afraid of losing money. Daria leaves the house and looks back at it, visualizing its blowing. After the house there are several other things, such as television. He smiles, happy that he has destroyed what he saw as something negative after meeting with Mark. <br /> <br /> In summary: Mark apparently experiences a "reality group" because it is not very useful when they just sit and talk without taking any action. He obviously has bad feelings about things as they are, and he seems to feel that there is no use to fight it. He wants to leave. He helps Darial, who is "in mind but does not act", looking at his position. If his feeling that he is wrongly installed gets his death, it can be hoped that Daria will use ideas in a more constructive way. In the film, you can see how the city (LA) is commercially used (too bad to show the commercial environment), you see businessmen who decide what the future is, and you will see that people are unhappy with those and other situations that are part of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I've only seen the movie once, so I haven't gathered all the points, but I certainly felt what this movie was saying and I find it strange that this movie can be called meaningless. When you say the points are too obvious, I understand why this film was apparently meant to "dig" the thoughts of "digging" to hippie radicals. Although it has a lot to say, and this message is still needed today, things are moving in the same direction as it was before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is really a great film that tells the story of quite ordinary youngsters (not far from hippies that hit the tip of the acid, digging everything), looking for what they perceive as normal, dissatisfied. And it is done really beautifully.
