I was told that it was one of those "do you love it or hate it". Well, I loved it. An obvious hippie time, dated and simple symbolism and everything. So, I have no taste at Antonion, but this and La Notte (made exactly ten years earlier) are my favorite films so far. Two years before the birth, Zabriskie Point was supposed to be Michelangelo's great American epic. But apparently it turned out to be a flop. I really don't understand why. Before I saw it, I read that it was quite boring, so I left myself a very slow movie - although I like a slow movie. For me, Zabriskie was not an annoying minute at that moment. Looking at this, I made a spiritual remark about how European was the director's role in making such frequent use of advertising billboards in almost every urban scene, with huge slabs of human form. This repetitive visual element is obviously to emphasize how consumption crushes an individual in American society. But then I looked at L'Ecley right after what was in Rome in the early 1960s, and I noticed that Antonion often accompanied the famous ones. After all, the masterful use of landscapes, architecture and inanimate objects in every frame with people or without Antonion's trademark? it is that it awakens the psychological conditions of its characters with more or less underestimated power and great visual impact. He is virtually insurmountable in this skill. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point celebrated two very attractive leadership positions that would have become larger stars of the 70s, but never. Mark Frechette, whom I already saw in Francesco Rose's superb WWI movie Uomini Contro, had a very tragic life and died only at age 27. According to his biography page, he donated his $ 60,000 profit from Zabrical to the community. Mark's co-star Daria Halprin, probably Dennis Hopper's husband later, is a young Ornella Muti with a stunning, natural beauty and appeal? one of those luminous decorations that you don't have to do. Like Frechette, she's just a couple of dusky movies and she's never become an asterisk, but at least she didn't die tragically. Most importantly, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes that has ever been filmed - the one that brings home the sense of youthful playfulness that few have seen - as well as the powerful cathartic end. It can be the most banal sequence ever symbolized, but I don't see how anyone can feel their beauty and emotional release. The explosion has never been so good and poetic. This seems to be an explosion that will restore order, not chaos.
