The movie doesn't look too many times when you go, "huh, what?", But it was one of them. Maybe after seeing Zabriskie Point, I felt the same amount of Woody Allen after seeing 2001 - he only loved the movie after seeing it twice in two years, realizing that the filmmaker was in front of him. Michelangelo Antonioni, with one of his few movies in the US (after Red Desert, he made Blow-Up, his film, China and The Passenger, all filmed outside their home country of Italy), I felt he was almost trying to learn about the ways of the country your media mastery. The results show that he lacks the means to present images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds and visual performance of this era. "The director's job is to see," Antonion said. Whatever it means, he does not feel disappointed with the work of his fifties as an admirer (I say after fifty years because I haven't seen any of his films before L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> What he has is a point, at least one point he could bring to Blow-Up and The Eclipse. You have the feeling of being around those characters, what are the topics of their consciousness, but in that case, the characters and actors do not bring much conviction or purpose. Antonion, who comes from hard-hit school, neo-realistic filmmaking, does what he does with his mostly non-professional pain (those who see the most similar real actors are subjected to the role of corporate characters), but two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin seem like the subordinates of Antonion. Maybe it was a thing. The story is divided into three themes, fortunately not too confusing, because Mark is escaping his existence around a boiling, dangerous campus in LA at the end of the 1960s, and Daria is sent from LA to Phoenix for a business meeting. They meet randomly with Mark's plane (how can he drive, maybe some background information there?) And Daria's car meets, and they spend time with the existential groove in the desert. Apart from stylistically mesmerizing, as if a strange sex composition, much of this law is not very interesting. <br /> <br /> Both drivers are fair enough to look, but what exactly draws them into curiosity? The ideas that come out (in part from Sam Shepard's scenario) are not too revealing, except for one short moment when drugs vs. reality have grown up. Then the film goes to the third act, because Mark decides to do the right thing, in catastrophic conditions, and Daria arrives to his boss to be completely disappointed (not to count the notorious last five minutes or so). Though the movie took its story, I didn't have as much trouble as I did to make the story work for a particular type of viewer. I understand and feel that feelings and doubts, as well as fears, but also the "anti-agency" self-confidence, but perhaps Antonion himself is not fully aware of this. In some scenes, he is more enlightening and fixative than the people in the foreground as a director and editor (and often the amazing cinematography of Alfio Contini). It is not to say that the technical aspect of Zabriskie Point is in no way related (it may feel a bit drowsy because Antonion is probably a lot of documentary filmmaker because he is a theater director like Francis Ford Coppola). <br /> <br /> Ears, sky, city, and even close-up faces are filmed in the eyes of a filmmaker who is in love to get things in the frame, bring us in. equally convincing, with one minute of sweet Rolling Stones song and then a crushing, surreal Pink Floyd song (titled "Take Care with Ax Eugene, One of Their Best Dark-Side") sequences. If only the performances were not so one-sided, it could be the same as Blow-Up or The Eclipse. On the one hand, it is an uneven genius strike, and on the other hand, it is boring, which was the hippie / radical movement of the late 60s. But hey, what may be boring for Americans born in the twenties may not be outside of the United States, such as Italy. And it doesn't require you to throw away immediately after watching one.
