I know this is an unpopular position for Zabriskie Point, but I loved this movie. I know, I know - I can rightly call the Antonion fanatic. I love L'Avventura, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclis, I love Red Desert, I love Blowup and I love Professione: Reporter (aka Passenger). The only Antonion movie I don't love is the only one I've ever given in less than 8/10 (and one of the three I've given less than 10/10, La Notte and L'Ellis are the other two, though I admit completely that I have to see both of them again, next to the clouds, which can be quite terrible to shoot, however, there is no better terrible movie when you catch your drift. a random fan, and you don't know if this particular movie, the name of which is said, is often followed by the spatula that even Antonion's admirers generally despise is worth noting, the answer is YES. br /> Okay, the reason people hate it, because 99% of the film's watchers take care of the narrative of the movie, well, that's not exactly so. , v morsels film viewers it very well loved. But the film can be the most amazing visual masterpiece that has a flat or illogical story - this is another thing that has destroyed the cinema over the years: logic - then they absolutely hate the film. I agree with it in some way. As much as I do not like it and want to change my position, it is really hard to love a movie whose narrative I feel poor. But other people tend to annoy the nasty narrative. This is definitely what has to take viewers away from Zabriskie Point. I can relate the story to you, but probably it would be useless. In fact, it is just for me that made the whole effort more fantastic and beautiful. I would compare it favorably with 2001, which is my favorite film. But 2001 is completely consistent with the narrative of the film's rhyming. <br /> <br /> What Zabriskie Point has spades is a mood. Music helps a lot; Score includes many daytime activities including Pink Floyd. The mood is similar to the moods of Antonion's other masterpieces, full of loneliness and destruction. Also getting rid of it. The best sequence of the film is when the driver man and woman (his name is Daria, I know, but I don't remember my name) pull the car in the desert next to the historic marker on the highway. In addition to the stone wall built to keep the cars flying, it is an ancient lake line. It's basically a rocky desert, and two go for it. The setting is very beautiful. The woman says, "It's such a beautiful place. What do you think?" Man: "I think it's dead." There is no tendency to have a good or a bad thing. It's like the feelings of Antonion in other films - the characters want to disappear or become invisible. Instead of the journalist's chief protagonist David Locke, we have a young hippie sick about his friends' politics - he thinks they're talking too much and don't do what they know or at least say he's doing. It seems to me that he just wants to get out of the situation. <br /> <br /> The film is also visually amazing. Antonion's films are all identifiable by just a few frames, but his visual style is always built. I like The Passenger more than I Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point may be his ultimate goal in this aspect. Well, it may seem strange - L'Avventura and the Red Desert have an amazing picture. I think this is a particularly amazing camera movement. Obviously he made Blowup a ton of money, which was the biggest arthouse hit of the day, the biggest ever at that moment. She spends it well here, especially in her air snaps. One of the biggest sequences of the film includes a man who has stolen a private plane by diving Daria in his car. <br /> <br /> One thing that can be quite criticized is film policy. They are certainly simple. Not that the hippies were light, but that Antonion's vision of hippies - of course in Italy - was strange and well filtered through alien eyes. Advertising is quite childish criticism, but it is still a criticism. I say, can you just ignore it? What does it do? Are you shopping for things you don't want because of billboards? Or there is criticism of capitalism. Secretary Daria works for a company that steals land in the desert - the land she and her husband enjoyed - to make cheap and suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a very underrated actor whose most famous roles were The Time Machine and The Birds, plays his boss. The end I don't break - you have to see it - is almost offensive cheap. However, I can understand the treatment of police officers. Not that I generally consider them bad, but they were terrible at that time. They can still be terrible. They have always had too much power. <br /> <br /> These arguments against the American American lifestyle still do not affect the film's opinion. I find this filtered American view very interesting. I really don't think Hippie would agree with Antonion. 10/10.
