If Saura hadn't done anything before, Iberia would be a milestone. It still deserves great respect for the great director and the great cinematographers of Spanish culture, but he has done so much earlier, and although we can praise the riches we have given us, we have to choose and choose favorites, and high-quality films like Blood Wedding (1981), Carmen 1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Seville (1992), Salomé (2002) and Tango (1998). I would choose Saura's 1995 Flamenco as his most unique and powerful cultural document, alongside Iberia's pales. Iberia is a series of interpretations of music by Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909). especially his "Iberia" suite for piano. Isaac Albéniz made a major contribution to the exclusion of the Spanish music culture - its transformation into a non-Spanish audience. He moved to France in the early 1930s and was influenced by French composers. Her "Iberia" suite is an imaginative synthesis of Spanish folk music with Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy styles. She traveled through her compositions, a sort of beautiful standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenized as Ravel Bolero, but moving in that direction. Of course, the Spaniards have withdrawn Albéniz and in Iberia the performers interpret their compositions in a number of ethnic and regional dances and styles. However, the source is a tamed and diluted form of the Spanish music and dance culture compared to pure flamenco Spanish. Flamenco, leaving the region of Andalusia, is deeply familiar with the amalgam of the Gitan, Spanish-Arabic and Jewish cultures. Iberia is simply Spain, Portugal, Andorra and the Gibraltar Peninsula; this concept is more diluted. <br /> <br /> Saura Flamenco is an unforgettably intense music, singing, dancing, and the fact that noble spectacles, the essence of Spanish style, are the way man and woman are proud of their arrogance and elegance and panache - even bullfighting and torero with moves - full of it - multiple electrical sequences without introduction or unfinished; they just are. Saura always emphasized her collaboration with choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his 1995 Flamenco, he dropped all kinds of stories, just singers, musicians and dancers moving forward and out with a great sound phase with nice light and screens, flats and mirrors organized by Vittorio Storaro, another Spanish filmmaker. The beginning and the end of the Flamenco sequences are often harsh but atmospheric, marked only by the noise and friction of the mixing legs and the mixture of votes. Sometimes the film keeps feeding when the performance is over and you see the dancer bending, sighing or laughing; or someone just suddenly says something. Flamencos is more than any other Saura musical film, it is dirty, intense communication between singers and dancers and rhythmically played by observers from the participants who are screaming with the impulsive being "story" and creating charm. Because Saura has really done magic and perhaps best of all, she fell off the usual story. Iberia is similar in style to some of Saura's purest musical games: no narration, no dialogue, only short titles that show the type of song or region, starting with Albeniz's pianist playing music, and moving gradually with dance series and a small song. The main element of Flamenco's music is the unaccompanied voice, and this voice is the most unmistakable and unique contribution to world music. It is related to other songs in other ethnic groups, but nothing is equal to its raw furious unique ugly-beautiful cry that prevents you from doing anything but listening to it most attentively. Then comes the clapping and leg stomping and then dancing with other elements. There is only one flamenco song in Iberia. If you love Saura Flamenco, you want to see Iberia, but you're a little disappointed. Style is there; some big voices and dance and music are there. But the source and concept of Iberia do less in power and make it a less rich and intense cultural experience.
