Students often ask me why I choose this Othello version. Shakespeare's text is heavily cropped and the film contains material that earned its "R" rating. <br /> <br /> I have several reasons to use this production: First of all, I didn't really see the depicting Moor image on Othello until I saw Fishburne playing with him. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer on Othello and Iago on Broadway and it was wonderful. The energy of the plummer was particularly noticeable. But despite Jone's incredible presence, both physically and vocally, it seemed that he was simply passive, that it was illegal for me to have an emotional cleansing in the sense of aristoteles. In fact, Jones confirmed what I felt when he said in an interview that he had played Othello as passive - seeing Iagot over him. Unfortunately, this prevented me from destroying the nature of my grief. So I felt sympathy with Jone Moor, but not the horror of his corruption by the evil man. On the contrary, Fishburne's Othello is a strong and robust figure who knows the activities. So Iago's temptation to actively deal with what Othello's wife's unreliability has been presented, the overall positive quality of perversion to be active not passive. Fishburne's image is therefore classically tragic. Second, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in the movie. Both Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins did great movie formats, but they were white men in black face.2 Why is that important? Why should a black actor be a black person on stage? 3 They certainly used black face on Shakespeare's day as they used girls to make girls. Perhaps the reason is the same. The female actors in the Shakespeare stage have a special quality for female roles, because they understand best what the Shakespeare genius was trying to present. A talented black actor should play a bridge because her experience in the white dominant culture is crucial to understanding what Shakespeare's genius has recognized: the pain of marginalization due to race. An important issue for Othello is the isolation caused by racism. Although there is a mistake in adding US racism to Shakespearia, there is no doubt that racism still works amongst the characters. Many, including Desdimona's father, think that UNNATURAL is the union between the white Christian woman of Venice and the black Christian in North Africa. <br /> <br /> Third, Shakespeare was never a G-rating. He has never been. His productions were always characterized by violence and strong language. But the Shakespeare genius uses these elements not as sensationalism, but for artistic honesty.
