I was fortunate to have finally received this movie on Turner Classic movies last night, because it is one of the films that won the Oscar for special effects on his annual Oscar winning films. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is just a sequel to MARY POPPINS's past successes. This film was also a great success and an Oscar winner (Julie Andrews best actor). Like MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS, David Tomlinson has a role to play in parenting. It's a fine blend of lively activity and animation. It's set in the past period of Britain's history (if not the 1912 London-Edward-Georgian world), then the 1940s Dunkirki is England's coastline. It even has an old Reginald Owen, here as a home-guard general, while he was previously Admiral Boom MARY POPPINS. Ironically, this was the final role of Owen. <br /> <br /> Home Guard sequences (not too much in the movie) resemble one of the British series DAD'S ARMY, which deals with local home guard problems in the early years. War. The period has also been highlighted by the appearance of three Rawlins children as orphans of war, coming from the bombings in London at Blitz. And in the (typical Disney fashion) musical number "Portobello Road", different members of the British Army appear (including Indian and Caribbean soldiers (with metal drums!)) With Scottish and local female spouses in costumes. All that is surprisingly is a plus. But the biggest plus is that for Angela Lansbury, her performance is, according to Eglantine Price, her only real musical film. During his remarkable career in acting, Lansbury never got the real career musical role he played in Auntie Mame's musical MAME, which came immediately after BEDKNOBS. She had been in song pieces (GASLIGHT with short UP BALLOON-BOJES and DORIAN GRAY PICTURE YELLOW BIRD and - best of all - HARVEY GIRLS with final reproduction ATCHISON, TOPEKA AND SANTA FE). But only here she plays female. So when you hear his song with David Tomlinson, you can understand what we lost when he didn't play Mame Dennis Burnside. The rest of the majority is pretty good, Tomlinson here studying that he gets after a relative failure of life. These three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weighill) show their characters on more interesting sides than their Edward predecessors in POPPINS (especially Weighill, which is something of a hopeful opportunistic thought to extrude Lansbury after he has known that he is a witch ). The only surprising waste (due to scenes) is Roddy McDowall, a local clergyman, who has only two film sequences. He would have considered most of his possible role as an anti-witch enemy. Also noteworthy is John Ericson, a German officer who, at the end of the film, directs an attack to find that he is facing some more powerful than a British countryside, and Sam Jaffe's magic competitor is the formula that Lansbury and Tomlinson are looking for. <br /> <br /> In terms of animation, the values ​​in the lagoon by the sea, and ever made in the worst football matches, are worth it when Tomlinson was last judged and pretty badly banged with various charges and scratches. As I said, this is a pretty fine sample of Disney's best work.
