It is nice to look at Roshan Seth (the strict father of the Mississippi Masala, 1992), who is once again taking on the role of family father and leader, and more in 1971 in Bombay, India. . In addition to tightly knit family settings, topics include lost and found friendship; The unexpected death of a friend (somehow the calm smiling face of a friend who died in the presence of a friend was calm - as Gustad Noble also noted, Roshani's character;) the chain of walker events - "a wall as a lattice that became a sacred sanctuary for thieves and ashes" was immediately prophetic and philosophical. It's full of life lessons in different relationships: between father and son; mother and son; father and little daughter; little daughter and father and mother; long-term colleagues; long lost dear friends; even a man to a man whose innocent slow-minded "stupid". <br /> <br /> In spite of the film's era, it is a colorful film that is rich in content and has a strong sense of humor and a temporary texture layer. For a non-Indian director (Sturla Gunnarsson is an Icelandic), he has made a political Indian / Pakistani film. He gets into the bone marrow of this parish, represented by Roshan Seth, whose performances are such nuances, fineness and joy. (Also sings.) The rest is equally strong: Om Puril's mysterious friend; Soni Razdan Permanent Woman; Vrajesh Hirjee's eldest son; Sam Dastor is a long-term partner; Ranjit Chowdhry is a walkway artist; the neighbor's superstitious "witch"; man's unlimited "stupid"; and long lost girlfriend - this is the world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson has shown sensitivity to the treatment of this period, and the topic was studied with details. He is fortunate to have Soon Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") Wrote the script. It's a truly worthwhile journey to film to participate. <br /> <br /> Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is a Icelandic resident of a Japanese young man who went all over the world, looking for a specific place to pay his last tribute to his parents, in line with the cultural research (road movie style) indifferent to the memorials of the dead. Such demonstrated respect and intercultural attention to family ties are now warmly warming up and cyber-age.
