Published just before the product code was attacked in July 1934, Mitch Leisen's all adult Paramount music is no hint - some even say they are outrageous and very fun. "Earl Carroll's Vanities" (one on stage!) There are two murders in the evening, but this does not prevent the driver (Jack Oakie) from showing up when police detective (Victor McLaglen) investigates. Everyone hides something, and Gypsy Rose Lee must see the mystery of the murder on the back before he put out the "G-String-murders" because the denouement is similar (though more satisfactory here). Gertrude Michael stops the show (mostly as one) with his exotic "Sweet Marijuana" and Duke Ellington stops the cropped "Rapsody of the Rapsody". This story, "Cocktails For Two," came from this movie. Strange and tempting camp classics are highly recommended! Here's Louella O. Parsons "Los Angeles Examiner" May 17, 1934 <br /> <br /> Earl Carroll's hand-picked ornamental pirouette, located on the Grauman United Artists' Screen on a fig page and not much more. But in September, Morn himself never had a better figure than the magicians who were making eye contact, especially the tired businessman. But do not think for a moment that Mr Carroll's girls, au naturelle, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, MURDER VANITEEL is a musical comedy thriller if you know what I mean - the mystery of murder included in the music program. Everything happens during the open evening in the game and for the murderer is a search. The policeman immediately threatens to stop the exhibition every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is new to the police. All the time he tries to kill the murderer, he keeps an eye on the more beautiful. The murder day is good, except for what is pretty flat. Probably the wrong direction. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the maid, is almost as melodramatic as the heroine with ten, twenty and thirty shows. Without good reason, he evaluates an endless close-up scene on a large dramatic scene. Girls' bands are good, and this is a positive relief to get to the inevitable overhead lines. Costumes are beautiful; In fact, the music that Paramount feels is really for their credit. Like Carl Brisson -well, he would be another show. A good-looking, beautiful song voice and a simple, confident way that she is all her journalists who demand her. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the leading woman in the show. Gertrude Michael gives an eye-catching, rather fancy image, with a deep eye. Jack Oakie is the director of the same old wisecracking Jack, but we didn't change him. Jessie Ralph is a great dressmaker. Others are Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The screen is played by Carey Wilson and Rufus King and Mitchell Leisen. Music has been done by Arthur Johnstone and Sam Coslow. In addition to MURDER AT THE VANITIES, Mickey Mouse is a comic, Paramount Newsreel and two reels, THE WRONG DIRECTION. tip. Why does he blame the director? Was he happy with the ending of the story - or how was it staged? And what are "ten, twenty, or thirty examples"? Notice the wiping done by Busby Berkeley and his "overhead line". As hard as it is today, the public was buzzing with Buzz's schtick in May 1934. the proscenium arc, and does not make Buzz Berkeley a routine step that is large in acres. "Q: Don't you think Berkeley's prominent influence justifies taking this freedom? ML: Apparently they did it because they revive all of his pictures and none of them, but personally I don't like it.
