I have read many comments about the film and how it is so hard for people to believe that this is the sequel to Henry Fool, and although it is technically, I think Fay Grim should be seen as a completely different film. Just because it is a sequel does not mean that it must be a direct continuation of the first, and I enjoyed it so much. The whole point of the movie was to change the direction of the first, which is reasonable, because the film is not called Henry Fool 2, that is Fay Grim. All of this left off, the movie, I thought it was so well done, and I thought it would really surprise me. I had been waiting for another, almost released, direct-video movie rental, and I have to endure 2 hours of bad editing and almost hard-to-follow story (aka the last direct video feature of Oh, Ohio), but it was so surprisingly well focused that it almost doesn't seem that way what I totally loved. There are so many nuances in film making and writing that I see in movies, but never. The film was excellent thanks to its simplicity, and "Grim" seems to be a whole - from the point of view of making the movie. Writing was so well assembled that he said this film was not as sharp as Henry Fool had to look again and actually listen; I almost can't even start getting really fun and relevant. And well, Parker Posey, who could complain? The scene where Fool and Jalal spoke in the dark was so exciting and emotional. And I thought the whole movie spy was just so much fun and on-site (afterwards, because I agree that you occasionally lost your feel). The main thing that struck me so strongly about the film, and I believe that the film's point was Parker's love and naivety that was so cute and turned, yes very quickly, denied to direct passion. The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. Obviously there were things that were not excellent, but nothing was perfect; some of the actions were poor and sometimes I thought that part of the new storyline and dialogue on terrorism is a bit difficult to follow and set aside, but in the end you got it and didn't even think that the time that might fall from your understanding. (This may also be related to Goldblum's extremely quick talks) Overall, I would say that this was probably one of the best films I saw this year; stylistically pleasing, clever and clever writing, so impressive performances I have now received a new respect and a real film for some of the actors, and don't forget that it is a stupid Fool. What was this point.
