In general, it can be said that Fay Grim is a very fun thriller with two of the most incredibly enjoyable names in American films, unshakably beautiful and gently shining Parker Posey and endlessly charismatic and inevitably fun Jeff Goldblum. They have a lot of scenes in the first half of the film, where we see the two unsatisfactory presence that slides from each other, even with the magic that Goldblum rolls out of Hartley's shameless epic dumps. However, if someone wanted to deconstruct Fay Grim, we would see many cases where countless scenes could have benefited much more than they brought along. <br /> <br /> This filmed joke is a sequel to Hal Hartley Henry Fool, made ten years earlier. This is the title character of Posey, which led the CIA agent Goldblum's laptops, which were the valuable property of his lost flying husband, the predecessor of his predecessor. They contain information that can testify to the safety of the United States. Fay first makes Paris to pick them up, but is busy spontaneously celebrating clichés, covering everything from car bombs to ambiguous helpers to the girl's double-crossing triple crosses. This is my primary appeal to being a novel approach to garbageman in the small town and the continuation of the difficult novelist's film. In the original Henry Fool, Posey played a simple woman who led a very simple life. Hartley's talents do not reach the heights of many other independent beginners in the 1990s, but I admire his natural creativity in taking an unintentionally close sister, giving him a frightening situation as he did with his brother. James Urbaniak, Henry Fool, because he is trapped between whether he can still love his overwhelming refugee spouse and Goldblum's problematic but powerful plans. <br /> <br /> Hartley just rides a fragmentary idea. His plot, though complicated and a maze that is in the form of a spy movie, seems to be completely capricious. The reason I was not bored was mainly due to the time when the story occurred, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of Hartley's dismissal is that I don't seem to like the rest of them. It has nothing to do if they are hidden by the relative power of these two charm masters, but how they don't seem to be adjacent to them, though Saffron Burrows is definitely close. Most scenes that do not contain Posey or Goldblum are too light on their feet, walking along with info-rubbish, we have no choice but to listen or completely disappear in the sequence of the next scene. They are hit almost completely by tiled corners, as if Hartley compensates for the lack of this unlikely material. <br /> <br /> Liam Aiken, who is now playing with Fay and Henry's teenage son, is sure to entice him, looks wisely outside his years, certainly a lot smarter than any adult character. Perhaps Hartley intended to do this, or perhaps just Aiken's presence. The problem with Hartley movie is that you never know what was meant and what just happened. As Scorsese said, "Cinema is a question that is in the frame and what is over." One must be sure that what we see is the conscious decision of the filmmaker to stay ready for the film.
