Okay, this movie is a representation of several things. For starters, this film is about a dissatisfied student who brings a gun to school and shoots about 9 students. One student lives in a hospital with a major head injury. The nature of lead is what many people who find "lonely / goth", despite being told about the film, is not. She looks pretty mysterious but was also the only one in the intact classroom. He has been interviewed because he has had a history of knife-knitting, and he was with the phone earlier at night. Anyway, he is a very short and distant person who seems to be disdainful in society. However, because of some unexplained events, he spent about a year out of school leaving no assessment. She has the desire to stop, and the principle practically reduces her to the only possible way she can go to spend time with a surviving, hospitalized girl. <br /> <br /> These two lines are almost the opposite, and they are quite like the social level. Although Alisha is a quiet, internally disoriented, anti-social Gothic girl who spends her time alone (although she seems to be reading quite often, somewhat in the closet / cabinet), another girl is rich - a popular "effervescent" girl, who always seems incredibly optimistic and trapped in his fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and its realism to survive. I feel that both roles are wonderful work to represent MOST 'clicks' in modern high school, but more importantly, how two completely opposite girls who do not know each other finally open up to each other. Although the injured girl is learning deeply, in truth, about her hidden life and the outside world, Alisha learns that total abandonment of society and all its locking is not always the best thing. <br /> <br /> Many people look at the relationship between these two girls and look at one of the two things. Either way, snobby, angry girl who wants her to survive the rest of the world if she does it, bringing her to an innocent girl OR a story about a seemingly trapped, fantasized girl who meets the society frightened and not only learns a judge but she's actually one of the most intelligent people he is known for. In other words, people can see this film as a focus on Alisha, teaching another girl a lesson about life, but that doesn't affect it. <br /> <br /> This movie is SEERAL stuff. Although it is all I have said, it also represents how people deal with a big, changing disaster. Really, this movie is not very symbolic, but incredibly straight forward with your message if you are not afraid to open your mind and heart to some emotion that you may not be so wonderful. br /> <br /> Overall, this movie is one of the best I've ever seen. Acting is brilliant, the story and the representation are deep and meaningful, and the emotion flowing through this film is not only related to someone, but perhaps crying. This movie is far from heart and very powerful, and if I ever believe that every film can change a person's life ... it would be the first one who could have changed my mine. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie if you ever want a movie that is moving and influential, though incredibly fun and REAL, look at it.
