Maybe I would have liked this movie more than with Henry Fool's characters. For those who have never seen Henry Fool, I don't worry. As Hartley jokingly said in the introduction of the TIFF film, the film has many exhibitions and explanations. <br /> <br /> This movie is very hard on pieces that keep the movie moving. There are many humorous moments and the film will definitely have the humor of Hartley and the rhythm of dialogue. First of all, there is a technically well-made film and will definitely satisfy Hartley's new fans who start their work. With regard to older fans who loved their earlier works, such as Trust and Amateur, this film can be so. I have the general feelings of the film and Hartley's later films. What Hartley does best is to set his own stories in small situations, focusing on intimate and peculiar ways his characters interact. Since his late 90s and later, his films have expanded in nature. Mass media in such a case, religion in the book of life, and now in terrorism Fay Grimas. I don't know if Hartley's talents fit into such a big topic or if he can do it fairly. <br /> <br /> Strangely enough, the film can be further reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story with a woman who goes to the man she loves. The only problem is that I've seen Henry Fool and everyone in this movie looks amazingly out of character. You can say that this movie has been written long after Henry Fool's ending without a sequel. Anyway, the plot of terrorists feels comfortable when using Henry's confession books as a macguffin. Fay's motivation to find Henry seemed to be a motivation for the plot alone, not for what was faithful to the fay, Henry Fool. <br /> <br /> I think I'm a little disappointed with the movie because it's not Henry Fool characters and it doesn't work exactly as a straight line thriller. Hartley's approach to such a big topic as terrorism is too much irony and passion. It somehow works and doesn't work at the same time. All I could say is whether you love or hate the movie depending on how you work with Hartley and how well Hartley works. Henry Fool fans must be seriously warned of disappointment. For the rest, wait for the Hal Hartley world and enjoy the ride.
