Fay Grim has his own face of spying and intrigue. Like his extraordinary Henry Fool queue, Hal Hartley creates a surprising blend of movie noir and a hard-boiled spy thriller that starts with a conscious smile and great laughing value and turns as harsh and warm as any movie I saw this year. br /> <br /> Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, an inadvertent Mata Hari who has been hit by the love and charming CIA operative suspicion of his exiled husband Henry Fool. As a representative of Fulbright, Jeff Goldblum is a master of mental and sarcasm, a role adapted to his talents. He has never been better. James Urbaniak is Fay's brother Simon, imprisoned but well-known for his wildly popular books. His love for his work and his sister brings a passionate struggle to contradict the dirty nature of the spies who eventually populate the world of Fay. And Liam Aiken is a superfluous 14-year-old son of Fay. Although it may be redundant. Aikeni's undervalued style is remarkably "old soul" for someone of their age. <br /> <br /> The whole movie is filmed from a Dutch angle, Orton Welles' renowned exterior style, and is mainly used in horror films and psychological thrillers to give way of thinking. Fay Grimis's use of this style when opening credit for closing is intriguing at first, deceptive. Because as the viewer begins to fall for a great-timed comedy and Hartley's brilliant script, something happens. The film takes dark but strangely consolation, because these characters are happy to be sympathetic to our eyes. What started with a dark comedy for a romantic drama and the transition is masterful. The slow pace provides an opportunity for breathtaking action, and we suck the vortex right away. <br /> <br /> Finally, Hartley's sharp dialogue with the amazingly matched ensemble shows amazing cinematic cocktail. Speaking of luxury, which allows music to be written, produced, directed, edited, and even written, Hal Hartley has created a smart, sexy story of a language that is barely planted. Fay Grim is one part of Dashiell Hammett, one part of Raymond Chandler, and one part of Ian Fleming, shook and maybe mixed.
