The plot is never a strong point for Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but the "Follow the Fleet" scenario is exceptionally mediocre. Fred and Ginger are still fine - they play "Bake" Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, their love-hate relationship creates some fun comic strips. But much of the film they take is reversed on the annoying sub-block of Sherry's sister Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for the sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge's reluctance to another woman, and the old shower Connie inherited from her father. Although Hilliard is quite charming, this plot is uninteresting. At the same time, "Follow the Fleet" is blessed with an extraordinary Irving Berlin score, which gives the stars many opportunities to display their talents. Astaire gets two good solos "We saw the sea" and "I'd rather lead the band." She sings explicitly and, of course, dances electrified - and the sailor's suit makes her a little more sibling and sporty. Rogers sings a memorable "Let Yourself Go" and later makes a solo for the same voice. <br /> <br /> Three duets really record the movie, although they are all gold-plated. Fred and Ginger won the dance competition by allowing another "Let Yourself Go" energetic routine. Later they sing and dance "I put all my eggs in one basket" as if it were an early exercise of the number, influencing the choreography comic. Finally, the film finally explains how to get Fred and Ginger to romantic duets in the evening dress - part of the show-in-the-show. The situation is settled, but the song "Let's Face the Music and Dance" is one of the most beautiful things Berlin ever wrote (it resembles Cole Porter) and the dance meets that elegance. Important Astaire and Rogers. <br /> <br /> It would still be a trick to sit through most of the "Follow the Fleet" dialogue sections, and in fact it is not necessary because the plot rarely pulls music numbers. But I could watch the songs over and over again.
