When Hollywood is believed, being in the navy is nothing but noise. Although sailors may complain about the ocean monotony of the choir, it seems that their ocean tasks are completely non-existent, and sometimes Fred Astaire will find enough free time during the day to provide the fleet of future romance in the dance classes. This is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's previous film "Top Hat" (1935) completely ignored the great depression that brought his knees to America, and introduced to the audience the glorious world of rich and famous worlds; it was the optimistic outlook for the film, which may have contributed to its success. Here, too, Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a naval officer is heavy and draining, and instead of replacing the seaman's tasks with memorable light musical numbers. <br /> <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship broke down after the last marriage proposal was rejected. After Bake returns to the navy for many years, he finds Sherry as a dance event in a complex San Francisco dance hall. When two former lovers alternately try to beat and revive one another, Sherry becomes a regular, music-teacher sister (Harriet Hilliard, who really looks pretty beautiful) and tries to fake the superficial sailor Bilgey "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott). There are a lot of conventional screwball comedies, a moment of misguided identity, and even a fun trained monkey that steals every scene where it is. Especially amusing is the scene where Bake sabotages the performance of a performer to create a window for him as a stranger; unhappy to both, it is an unfortunate Sherry who drinks soda bicarbonate and loses his ability to sing. <br /> <br /> "Follow the Fleet (1936)" was the fifth winner between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers and the third (five) where Sandrich was led. Irving Berlin gave the music and lyrics of the film and every musical number is pleasantly light and fun, even if they are not as memorable as the ones "Top Hat (1935)", "Swing Time (1936)" or "Shall We Tants" 1937). Astaire is trying to get rid of her typical rich-man-city-man without much success, but it's hard to imagine that the performer is not a sibling charm that could only be very rich. Connie and Bilge's romantic side line works well with two main letters, and Harriet Hilliard (wearing a brunette wig to avoid Ginger's blonde hair collision) has a couple of emotional solo numbers, including "Get Thee Behind Satan," which was originally written "Top For Hat.
