Follow the fleet, the RKO production in 1936, marks Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in a complex romantic comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have made many similar romantic films together, RKO helped them to re-create a worthwhile style that involves appropriate situations for society at the time it was made. Tracking the fleet's narrative is largely based on the use of layered lines between the two main characters to create a satisfying romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> The overall line of the movie is reversed by Bake Baker, a seaman. The US Navy, played by Fred Astaire and Sherry Martin, Bake's former love and dance partner, who is now a singer and dancer, played by Ginger Rogers. Their story begins when Bake is on the ship and his partner Bilge Smith finds a photo of the two and Bake shows that he saw him asking him to marry so Bilge suggests they try to meet him when they are in the country in the hope that he may have a friend. The next main scene begins with the second plot of the movie, when Sherry's sister, Connie Martin, is not allowed to enter Paradise where her sister works, unless he is accompanied by a gentleman. She turns around to find a bag full of Bilge behind her, so she plays it out as she waited for her and also purchases her entrance into Paradise. Connie then finds Sherry and tells her she is depressed because she doesn't get lucky with Sherry's men, so Sherry suggests she sends her friends around when she performs. Connie goes over and re-enters the ballroom and approaches Bilge again, with her remarkable astonishment. It starts between the second romantic story Bilge and Connie. <br /> <br /> Throughout the rest of the movie, story and ascendant action has changed between two pairs of comedy reliefs that create multiple small and falling activities across the plot. Bake and Sherry hit it together from the first moments when they compete in a dance contest and eventually won it, reminding them of their success and joy when they are together. Similarly, Bilge is capable of Connie's retirement and retirement through her romantic trials. <br /> <br /> This series of happy events will soon be followed by reluctant action that will bring back the rising action. Bake left Sherry last night to retire before midnight and told him he would come to him in the morning. Unfortunately, after the comrades have come back, the ship, of course, sets off Sherry and left him thinking that Bake is still a typical sailor who is looking for the land well. <br /> <br /> The mood will change again when another sub-block enters the movie, as the big-frame party takes the ship's tour. This alternative story is used to create a buffer movie between the two main relationship stories and to help build the trust and affection of Bake's overall good intentions. The party interrupts the unforgettable playing of music from Bake and his companions when they heard to announce to the company on the deck. Ladies are interesting and asking them to play, and Bake will be happy to dance, which will ultimately make the film's mood brighter and bring the seamen a luck. After returning to a couple of interwoven stories after returning, Sherry tries to prove to Bake that he doesn't need his help in managing the work. Unfortunately, Bake does not know that he is listening, and Sherry gets a good word when he listens to a friend of his studio who talks to a remarkable lady. He bakes himself to help Sherry manipulate his water, making it impossible for him to sing correctly and destroy his listening. In addition to Bake's mistake, Connie spent all his money on repairing the ship he hoped to take over as Bilge's captain. She had also planned a date for her to have a nice dinner when she had to go, but Bilge was aware of her intentions and hopes that they would soon marry and no longer be interested, so she stood up. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie continues in the same form as the mini-ascending and falling action, until the two pairs have reached a climatic point, ending with the film with the luck of both pairs. The use of changing stories helps to create pairs of interest and emotion, because they deal with both happiness and pain through each of their struggles. Intertwined stories can also associate and include other interrelated sub-blocks that help narrative to complete the final scene. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, together with countless films that include romance, comedy, singing and dancing, Follow the Fleet is a unique film for two players who successfully use the subblock technique to help between the two main characters.
