With an entertaining film. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the Navy. Astaire must take Ginger back in San Francisco, while Scott must be convinced that Harriet Hilliard is her husband. Everything works well. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it is said, and I see why Scott's romance with Hilliard is unnecessary and slows down the plot. Particularly painful is the singing of Hilliard's happy love songs. I could have sung without, quite rightly, but I found that romance is rather touching. Hilliard enters the film as a music teacher, wearing a pair of glasses, without makeup and dirty clothes known to people or beasts. No wonder Scott avoids him until he is sexually guided by his sister Ginger and the butterfly Lucille Ballis. The problem is that after he has been rebuilt, he looks like the same irreversibly normal woman as before, only with brilliant clothing. It is expensive enough for a home boy. But at least one man can become rich and powerful and popular, he can still gather women, even if he looks like a boy with JoJo's face. But what does an ordinary woman do? The same opportunities for romance are not open to him. Henry Kissinger had groupings. What's Margaret Thatcher? It must be terrible to be a normal woman in culture as cruel as us. As a sort of footnote, I have to mention that Hollywood rumors Randolph Scott was a bisexual who needed some nonsense chewing, and it is some fun that he has the next movie when he has turned off the home Hilliard - - "Women don't care about me, sister. " The film probably gives Ginger Rogers more time than any of his other films with Astaire. And she's wonderful. She is a beautiful, sexy, talented actor and dancer, and the script also provides good comics. "Kiss and fill," suggests Astaire. "Let's just say," he says, "it gives you something to do." It is also the only movie she made with Astaire, which gives her a solo number while listening. (Choreographed by Hermes Pan.) His performance is accidentally sabotaging Astaire, who slips into some Alka Seltzer or something in his water, and he hiccups through his number, blasting is too stiff for a time. <br /> <br /> Like a dancer, I would make an elephant circus so my opinion should be taken as an amateur, but I think their dances are equal to the amount of money they put on the film. Their first, during the dance contest "Let Yourself Go", is whatever I remember. And the only dramatic duet, "Let's have music and dance," must be among the best. The last step they leave is amazing. <br /> <br /> I like the movie for personal resonance reasons. I remember it for the first time in the San Diego downtown theater, called "The Seven Seas", which satisfied seamen. At that time I was uniformly and impressed with the treatment of Astaire and Scott's naval career. I mean here, this is a foaming musical comedy that does not owe to historical reality at any time, and unlike most other team members, it still pays a fee. Jumping on the ship, Astaire calls "water taxi". I just took a water taxi to the land. Uniforms are correct for the period (as opposed to "City"). And they're worn out properly, hats on two finger widths over the eyebrows and not back. And there are two incidents where Astaire gets into the naval authorities and they are both handled with perfect seriousness and thoroughly credible. The officer stops the Astaire jazz during the leadership of the band during the inspection and reports to the captain: "They played when the call sounded, sir. I'm sure you didn't intend to discipline the discipline." What an official - a good officer - would say and no one laughs. <br /> <br /> The series took a bit of a time to "follow the fleet" instead of putting Fred high on the society and the tuxedo, instead turning them into rubbish. It was a good idea. And the dance numbers correspond to the concept.
