Like the fantastic fan of fantasy in general and especially the works of * Gaimani *, I am looking forward to this movie with such a fervent, hungry and frightening and frustrating mix of awe! hardly believe it is finally here. And you know what? I don't have to be afraid, the movie version is bl ** dy awesome. Unlike the book, but in a good sense - less vivid, more comical, still deeply sweet and enchanting. <br /> <br /> Special effects are absolutely accurate and make the magic part of magic a natural and true part of the world without being publicly noticeable and intrusive. <br /> <br /> Attention is focused on storytelling and momentum and the main casting is victory with ghostly princes (whose denomination is almost like "Who's Who" is currently in cool British comedy - Rupert Everett, Little Wall's famous David Wallie , two Green Wing blocks, etc.) that steal most of the best lines and pretty much all the fun moments of the film that exist in numerous ways. In fact, one small general criticism of the film is that sometimes the comedy elements become a small OTT, the nuance goes out of the window to lose the main story. For example, in Ricky Gervais's home, I thought it was just too much "Ricky Gervais, who makes his usual David Brent Office comedy from a person", and I think he created a magical spell of a hopeful and striking break from the magical incantation of a progressive story (though fairly, I believe in memory that in the original book, Ferdy's character WAS was pretty "Ricky Gervais" - asked when I was thinking about it ... ... <br /> <br /> fairly immersed and written fairy tale with good intervention and romance. Charlie Cox, like the protagonist Tristan, the right mix of naivety, subtle comedy and self-realization for such a story, where "the humble young boy starts a changing endeavor in life", Claire Danes, like Yvaine, is a beautiful, weak, and just so strange or ethereal, perfect interpretation of his star role; Robert De Niro, who is every reviewer, has indeed given praise, happy to be happy (he also seems to have a ball) ... and Michelle Pfeiffer is triumphantly cool and disgusting like evil witch Lamia, my favorite movie performance. If you liked her delicious b! Tchy's performance in the recent "Hair Spray", you will enjoy it in this sense. <br /> <br /> So this review will be rounded: you will definitely laugh, smile, and you can even cry - Stardust is a beautiful, heart-warming fairy tale for the whole family, with a golden heart and more hearts than is immediately apparent. One of my all-time favorite films is an absolutely fantastic princess bride, and Stardust is well-founded because it is a very similar film that explores similar themes and territory .... and just like Princess Bride remains fresh, smart for 20 years after her first release and funny, I believe Stardust's delicious tongue-in-chees sweetness appears over many years on our TVs (or in the future!) as a family favorite.
