Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, a Hollywood premiere team, were usually dressed in nine and slid through the exaggerated Art Deco set of the 1930s. But they are going a little bit lower for this 1936 outing, one of their ten musical fifths. This time Astaire waits for her hat, white tie and tail to get the "Bake" Baker shredder; and Rogers plays the entertainer of the dance halls, Sherry Martin, who was a partner of Bake - dancing and otherwise - before he got a color. Consequently, unlike most of the mistaken identity clouds and romantic talks that have emerged from the previous pairs, they are already a couple from the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Director Mark Sandrich (five five pairs), the film has a narrative similarity to the 1935 "Roberta", in which they are just one of two pairs of stories. In fact, Randolph Scott plays both films from another male, this time as Bake's female worker, "Bilge" Smith. He is not a partner with Irene Dunne (who reasonably abandoned this follow-up), but Harriet Hilliard. Just married to Ozzie Nelson in real life, and decades before Ozzie & Harriet, plays Hilliard Sherry's spinster sister, Connie, who falls hard against Bilge. In a dark plot, he gives a young, bleached blonde Lucille Ball a makeover with a classic three-legged Hilliard, a ball and an adorable Betty Grable in front of a mirror. When the story is talked about, it is credited to one under Scott and Dwight to Taylor, and something goes ... Bake and Bilge have left the shore in San Francisco, where they reach the dancing hall with dirty companions. Bakes that Sherry works there while Bilge enters Connie first when he arrives as a terrifying spinster and then appears as a glamor girl. Romantic blooms for both couples. Connie and Sherry inherit their father's evaporator, but they need the money to keep it on the water. There are a number of misunderstandings in both relationships, but it all works when the steamer is turned into a theater and put into the money collection music. It is just as foolish as it sounds, but it gives a good excuse for some memorable stories of Irving Berlin and the Astaire-Rogers Dance Trio. <br /> <br /> The first two are a random tone - a dance contest "Feel yourself", where they show a ruthlessly winning and physical ship comedy from a routine set to knock on the toes "I put all my eggs in one basket". But their last dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece that is beautifully set in the stunning "Let's Face the Music and Dance". Intriguingly, this film not only contains the solo dance of Astaire, but the only time Rogers once had a dance solo in his films, which is again an energetic tap into the routine "Let Yourself Go". Dressed in creamy satin sailor clothes, she sings the same song at the beginning of the most winning movie. <br /> <br /> Astaire and Rogers are traditionally in zesty comics. While Scott plays his role as a brand-eyed-eye virility, Hilliard is an extremely boring presence, and as a former band singer, he presents two Berlin love songs frustratingly in an exceptional way. Regardless of the fact that the magic created by Astaire and Rogers makes this important viewing. The 2005 DVD has a number of good additions, starting with a 13-minute featurette: "Follow the Fleet: The Origins of Their Dances", how Astaire and Rogers worked together. There is also a live-action "soundie" called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and her dance orchestra", a comic book called "Let It Be Me" and an original theatrical trailer.
