Hundstage is a deliberately ugly and nervous life exploration in a particularly tough suburb of Vienna. It comes from the former documentary filter Ulrich Seidel, who uses a very documentary approach to the material. However, the film tends to move away from the usual types and shows us the signs that are best described as "extremes"? some are extremely individual; some very violent; some very weird; some are very upset; some very disappointed and misunderstood; and so on. The movie combines several short episodes of lesser episodes that occasionally intertwine; Very few viewers come away from an entertaining movie? The goal is to bring out many things that are wrong with people because of the many diseases that are disrupting our society in general. It is a thought-provoking film and its conclusions are quite embarrassing. <br /> <br /> A charming old widow fantasies about her elderly cleaner and wants her to fill her striptease with her dead wife's clothes. The nightclub dancer claims that his boy-racing boyfriend is persistently jealous and violent. A couple who exhausts their dead daughter can no longer communicate with each other and comfort others with sex. A violent man breaks his wife, but he forgives her again and again. The security vendor desperately tries to find the culprit in some of the vandalism jobs, but reaches out to the innocent scapegoat. And the mentally ill woman keeps traveling with strangers and insults them until they throw away their car! The life of these different characters approaches several days of intense summer heatwave. <br /> <br /> The film's despair is felt. Many scenes are characterized by a long, uncomfortable silence that is twice as effective as having a whole dialogue. Then there are other scenes, during which the dialogue and on-screen events will leave you rolling. Especially, the scene during which a security guard leaves a female tournament to the grace of the revenge boys - beaten, raped and humiliated (luckily all alongside the screen) for some vandalism that he didn't even do - creates a sour, almost angry taste. In the second scene, the man has an oiled candle in his back that is forced to sing at the hymn of the anthem, which is all part of his punishment because he is disgusting for the woman. Although we would like to be delighted that this thug is coming, we have at the same time been appalled by the nature of his punishment. Indeed, such harsh contrasts could act as a summary of the whole film - every moment of light-heartedness is balanced by the cold moment. The splitting of every hope is won by despair. For every character you want or feel compassion for, there is another one that encourages something but anger and hatred. We could turn away from Hundstage as a practice of misery, but it also points to some inconvenient truth and it is to be commended.
