There is something special about Austrian films, not only by Seidl but also by Spielmann and other directors. This is a pervasive feeling of reality that does not allow the viewer to film. Hundstage is no exception. This effect is achieved not only by the stories shown but also by the actors. In Hundstage, I have never felt like players, but real people. So realistic is the visceral feeling of the viewer ... Almost like a living pensioner or a single lady in the movie lives below your block. <br /> <br /> Any person living in Vienna can undoubtedly feel the people in the movie with their meckern / sudern, their hidden sexual penetration, and the prolo macho boy. This is further reinforced by the Vienna dialect, which, in many people's opinion, is specifically designed to make complaints a lifestyle. The distinctive parochialism and arrogance characteristic of Vienna is also well illustrated. Moreover, they have become the materiality of shopping centers and large department stores. Inbetween are the houses of the people where they feel what they think is a joyful activity, trying to stay in touch with their humanity, but in vain. Examples are the old lady's sexual game with men who were confronted with rape, a loser, and her girlfriend and young woman who is driving and irritating her drivers. <br /> <br /> The film has no soundtrack because it only focuses on the normality / abnormality of your images. Another typical feature of Seidl (and other Austrian directors) is the display of his sexual images. These include removing an older woman from her husband, sexual scenes in the bath, a sexual game with two men at the husband, and so on. <br /> <br /> In Hundstage, Seild represents life. people who may end up with as much Vienna as they could be from Paris, New York or Madrid. Viewers should not despise or regret the Vienna film because they themselves may become victims of alienation and alienation of the same person, although in different situations. Finally, I believe that Seidl's film is a warning to us of such a cruel state of humanity that appeared so cruelly in Hundstage. And if the viewer does not start with the reasons for this evil transformation, Seidl has achieved his goal.
