This movie must be ranked as one of the most annoying and arresting films of the year. This is one of the few films, perhaps the only one that really shades me: not even Pasolini Sálo, to whom this film compares, did not affect me. I saw movies like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others in the movie. I had to ask myself what was it about the movie that made me feel like I did? I think the answer would be that I watched a horror film, but that which violates or even abolishes the conventions of that genre. Usually a horrible and frightening thing happens in the horror film, but on the borders of civilized society: abandoned houses, abandoned hotels, castles, church gardens, moorings, etc. This issue of horror is, in my opinion, a sort of defense mechanism, a principle of darkness and opacity that acts as a kind of projecting space for the viewer's desires and fears. So don't frighten a horror movie from this point of view; it takes place in a perfectly normal society and so the histrionics of horror films do not fear. But what you see is the relocation of a certain key theme from the Horror genre, especially in relation to the body and its violation, the stages of fear and torture. Seidl's goal is to use the settings of everyday, middle-class society as a stage of repeating a game of sexual aggression, loneliness, intimacy, and integrity: just the things you find horrible, but subordinated to the principle of light and transparency, which has no escape . It is this shifting of the power of Seidl's film. Hundstage deals with these issues as a function of everyday life, displays them in quoted repetitions, not as extreme and catarrh places - in the movement you would see in the Horror genre. One important reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had the opportunity to mix political and personal, melodrama tactics in his films that allowed him to deal seriously and even morally with political issues such as racism, domination, desire, ownership, sexual property and issues. control, fascism and capitalism, etc. Seidl's tactics of making the mechanisms of everyday society his object of action puts him close to Fassbinder; Like this German ally, he has a kind of political vision of the society he feels under his responsibility in his films. At the Göteborg Film Festival this year's seminar, where Seidl was a guest, he was asked why he had so many offended, submissive women in Hundstage, but no woman fights back, freeing himself. Seidl replied that some might consider immoral to show violence against women, but she felt that it would be immoral not to show it. I think the artistic statement is so good. Thank you.
