To make it short and not spoil everything this movie is about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief who confused the big delivered stolen cars (a total of 50). He then threatens to kill the man who ordered him. The goal is now to get 50 days of stolen 3 cars, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), pensioners and Kipi's brother and a couple of old Randall friends. As you can see, this is the same old, big bros need the lil 'bro' routine and of course Randall is the best theft. Of course, in all other films, there are some setbacks and surprises that you would never have thought, but sometimes it is predictable, so the story is not fancy. <br /> <br /> You are probably now wondering why it's about 51 times HOT STUFF because there are only 50 beautiful, fast, cool and expensive cars to steal. Well, another hot movie in this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (who's big STAR (trust me))). Not only is he very convincing in the role of car theft, it is also too hot. OK is not hot like real but hot like fucking cool and sexy. He was very credible in this role, probably because he is also a little wild woman in real life (don't believe me, read his biography) and the sexy part just sees himself as a human. I only know that she is playing a girl I like this movie because she is not too mainstream, a bit of an alternative look and she even has a tattoo. watching the movie was that there is not a lot of action, one totally unreal scene, this story is just OK and there are not many jokes. Hey, but after seeing the whole movie, I have to say: WHO CARES. Why should I say that because it was still fun; he had a couple of cooling cars; good music; some Bruckheimer scenes (where music and actress combinations make your eyes wet); good actors who all did their job; beautiful cars; one cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, i mean madam jolie) and last but not least, a very nice and cool tool to boost cars. So some of the sides, but still a pretty good and fun movie. All in all, the best way to describe this movie is that it's a general OK movie cool? feelgood ends. <br /> <br /> Like Nicolas Cage, well? In fact, he is one of my most popular actors in the genre today, after such good films as Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally. In addition to what the actor has had so many good activities / thrillers and such successes in recent years? Well nobody !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he's also one of my favorites. One thing that is true, though, is that Mr Cages Bruckheimer's films are getting worse. Rock, it was clear 9, Con air was nice 8 and it well is 7. It is not that this sign is bad. Does it prove that his films are getting worse from the heart of Bruckheimer and that perhaps Cage should think longer before he takes a role in the film and probably should make some more films? No, it doesn't show us because almost all Cage films have been successful in recent years, except 8 mm and dead. 8 mm was not big, I admit it, but it was never Cage's fault and the story seemed good to me. I can't say anything about the last movie because I haven't seen it yet. One thing, though I know for sure if Bruckheimer had asked me for these three films, I would have all told them YES. I would have told Rock because this story was great and you can play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would have told Con Air yes, because there would be a lot of action because this story was good and you have to act with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. I would have starred in it because I would have played a big salary game, I would have been able to drive with some cool and fast car and because I could have kissed Angelina Jolie (can't wait to see her in Lara Croft clothes). It was a good choice for Mr Cage and it is definitely worth watching in the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
