This is the smart episode of TWILIGHT ZONE, which was more comic than strange or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, an American caretaker of 1890, working in the lab. He constantly grabs his surrounding life problems: the meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb. Unheard of!). She always screams at crazy speeds (bicycles - cars have not yet appeared). Finally, he sees a helmet as a device by a researcher and puts it in and tries. Suddenly he is in modern America. At first it was a seven minute silent movie. Now all the noise, everyone is talking, everybody beeps, everything blows. Keaton is only a few minutes here when he realizes that the world has changed and not better. He runs Stanley Adams, Professor Rollo, who understands that Mulligan is from c. 1890 (he mentions President Cleveland). Rollo has always wanted to live in this charming, quiet age. He helps repair the Mulligan helmet and they go back in time. Rollo forever misses because he can't use scientific equipment. Mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him to the future. But now Woodrow is completely satisfied with the quiet, simple age where he lives. She's been satisfied. <br /> <br /> Over the past fifteen years, Buster Keaton has often been on television (many times at Allan Funt CANDID CAMERA, where he could make public the eyesight tricks). He also made a few films (especially FUNNY THING, which took place in FORUM AND RAILWAY). But he sometimes looked at television and episodes. He is here in his element, probably advising the director (old comedy film director Norman McLeod - he directed Marx Brothers at HORSE FEATHERS) for the tricks he could do. See how Stanley Adams and his time pulled up Adams when he pairs a pair of trousers. In terms of timing, it reminds one of the ghosts he did on 20's films like SHERLOCK JR. This episode shows Keaton a man of the sixties finely. <br /> <br /> Jesse White (here as a repairman) performances are always welcome. But look a little "Professor Rollo". Stanley Adams, from the 1950s onwards, was known for his tragic suicide in films and television in 1977. An expensive look and a hard, blooming voice, his most famous dramatic role was like a wrestling campaign in REQUIEM's film version RECOMMENDATION (he wants Anthony Quinn to be a wrestler wearing an Indian costume). His best-known television appearance was the spacecraft who introduced Starship Enterprise's team at STAR TREK to these furry, fertile little creatures "Tribbles" (such as "The Trouble With"). Adams was always worth seeing (like Jesse White and certainly Keaton), boosting most of the productions she appeared. I've never understood my suicide, but it was a sad ending for a first-rate character.
