Cosimo (Luis Guzman) arrives in jail for a car burglary and there he plans to make a living in prison a perfect robbery; so he has to leave the prison quickly. He tells his girlfriend, Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson), to find a man who makes time in his jail for money. But no one wants to take time for the Cosimo crime, and yet it seems everyone knows the man who does it. Soon the bad boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) found the details of this so-called perfect work. <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was very funny and from my point of view I would recommend it to everyone. This film is a remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I didn't look at the Italian original, so I can't evaluate or compare these two films. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy for yourself, with about four people trying to steal money in one house. Everyone gave the film a shining glow. Really great movie for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (big), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (big), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito, and finally George Clooney made their part of this project. Maybe to say that this movie is just comedy, not fair. It's more than that. Because of one difference. All the thieves in this movie have very little wishes when asked: what do they do with their money? It usually provides its future in a very modest way. This fact goes beyond comedy in the souls of its criminals. And not only those, but also the policeman Babitch, who has been presented as spoiled; so here the leaders Russo give us the fact that the criminals and the cop are the same. In fact, everything is in Collinwood; and not just in Collinwood, to make money, legal or illegal for all people. I don't like that all the movies were finally enjoyable by the audience and thieves early. But this is an exception. You have to love them all. Riley in jail with her little baby and wife. Toto with his pants. Cosimo with his line: "Your mom is a whore!" and everyone else. They are like symbols of my favorite cartoon, Alan Ford. They're all trying to make money, but they're just lucky. But they all did one good thing: they gave money to Riley to get her wife out of prison. They are all heroes of my eyes, causing a lot of "honest" people.
