Having first seen the movie in the 14th century, I remember hearing the word "govno" (including * t) for the first time in Soviet-era television (I bet that it was * for the first time in history Does anyone want to add this trivia section? :) ... With open courage and freedom, I thought! Over the years, I was more impressed with the film and the incredible action, but my feelings turned into a sort of joy of mixing true cinematography and bitter minds diametrically opposed to my 14-year-olds. impression: helplessness. Throughout the film, air is an inevitable disaster, a primitive degenerate tide (worn by Sharikov) that wipes humanity in its regions with the best minds ... This is a great metaphor of the Russian Revolution in general, inspired by intellectuals who are ashamed of their superiority and hopes of sub-classes, but of mediocrity. to release power and to swallow it ... Particularly subtle and talented piece that surrounds a truly sad idea perfectly in satirical and elegant form. Symbolically, the film itself was the end of the era of Soviet film traditions before the Hollywood tsunami broke them down? good, it seems, judging by the most recent Russian films (most of them were labeled "blockers" for preloading !!! trailers and posters :). <br /> <br /> Funny, the "govno" episode is not in contradiction to Efenster's comment, which is the rude language of the current generation ... What I have already said may seem to be the film that saw this path, but it wasn't. The mild word for the current standards was then too rude and just rude to show the true nature of all the Sharikovs ... BTW, again Efenstor, it is so naive to equate intellectual and rude vocabulary, especially for Russian-speaking people, where one key word could be have meanings that take translations of sentences! But I regret that all speeches by today's teenagers can be expressed with soldiers. I feel it is a bigger problem than the choice of the tool that is most effective for the task :) Well, this movie and book are great thinks that can change them, or anyone who may have the luxury to look at it.
