This film (and yes, this is a movie - it was shot in two parts, but the two parts fall just over 2 hours) is one of the world's most forgotten masterpieces. A very good way, but at the same time an absolutely wild denunciation of the Soviet regime and the one who flourished under it, is the faithful adaptation of Mikhail Bulgakov's long-term banned book. The sets are flawless and the director made an excellent decision to film with black and white sepia, adding a sense of authenticity when an 80-year-old blown-up color incarnator would have destroyed the film. I'm not talking much about a plot that deserves to be seen by the viewer, but the performances are real Oscar materials; Especially mentioned by E. Evstigneev, who plays an old professor with such a presence, gravity and kind wisdom, that with a little word or gesture he can steal every scene in which he is. The second, of course, is Creature / Sharikov, who has played Tolokonnikov's terrifying perfection, more frightening than Hannibal Lecter, because he does not only exist in real life - the whole country has been run by similar men throughout history, all with it. <br /> <br /> Although this is a socio-political allegory, it is worth noting that the film is also humorous, although in the dark - there are many direct comedies that are not so laughing as this film. What's more, laughing at this film does not only feel the fun, but the understanding and agreement that is always a plus. <br /> <br /> This movie has hardly any complaints - the only easy mistake is the intellectual / civic snobbery tone I occasionally captured from "lit" characters. But this is a small mistake. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this movie has passed from western licensing companies. It's a cry of shame that one of the best films out there is dirty unrestored and untranslated (which shouldn't be incredibly difficult - although all cultural references and revolutionary terminology are necessarily translated, the film's main topics should be accessible to everyone). While we are waiting with our fingers for the Criterion edition, I will consider creating English subtitles myself. See how it works.
