Ok, after reading a couple of comments about Atlantis: the lost empire, I just want to explain some misunderstandings because it is a direct kidnapping of Nadia: the secret of blue water. The only part that was hanging on Nadia is that Nadia's pendant and Atlantis pendant have so much similarity to how it is used, its origin, and how it's created from a living source, so there's no doubt about copying it. If you want to consider how Kida and Nadia are dressed like this, you might want to resist Disney (for Nadia and Kida it was a joy to wear this bikini-like outfit in the adventure film, not to mention that they both move in a similar style). As an anime fan, I have to agree that copying is to some extent, but it is only with small details and although many ideas are not original (such as encryption solutions on Laputa wall, ancient mask of Princess Mononoke, resemblance to Vehicle on Gariani submarine in Nadia, etc.) .. The plot itself, I believe, is very original and it is quite amazing that Disney can draw it without using the captain Nemo (the main character in Jules Verne 20k leagues below the Sea, which is also Nadia's main character). In relation to Mylo and Jean, who wear the same style ... As shown in the "Lord" novel, glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think Mylo, Jean, Stargate's main character and ten other "INTELLIGENT" characters see this role as inappropriate when they went without glasses. As for submarines and how submarines are fighting (with the broad-based torpedoes that really resemble Nautilius), I want to say that this is the required element for both when Atlantis is tied to the plot (after all, this sunken city is under water). As for a team with a team of Nautilius with Nadia's team, it may be a work of art, but I don't feel any copyright infringement because the personality of the character was completely original to me. As an anime fan who rated Nadia as the # 1 best anime I was still watching today. I have doubts about Atlantis when I saw the preview for the first time. But now that I watched the movie, I rebuilt my trust with Disney and hope for my future movies much after Atlantis. Generally the best Disney movie yet without me shaking the sound of their songs in the middle of the movie and it is a plus that they changed their cheesy scripts to make it even better. It is also amazing that they actually depict bad guys seeing it as usual, making them too bad at first (I was wondering who the bad guys are and only the blonde girl looks like a bad-looking look, how Disney pulls it out or makes bad guys really dangerous.
