"Atlantis: The Lost Empire" is a piece of film recently produced by Disney Studios. Parents who have had to sit through "The Jungle Book 2" or even a Pokemon movie will appreciate it. The earlier feature films were simply about existing stories. Movies like "Toy Story", "Finding Nemo" and "Monsters Inc." everyone does the same, but it should be noted that everything is done by Pixar and only distributed by Disney. Recent movies at the Disney Studio are mostly published directly on the video and have advanced to an existing successful film. The quality of these films is made profitable. The beginning of the new era "Atlantis" was followed by "Mulan", "Lilo & Stitch" and lastly "Open Range". Writers have created all the original story lines instead of past fairy tales. hundreds of years. Including the young Milo Thatch, which was expressed by Michael J. Fox. Milo works at the Washington Museum. His grandfather was a well-known archaeologist who had devoted his life to discovering Atlantis. It was considered by his peers to be waste and they wanted Milo not to follow his footsteps. After Milo was unable to convince the museum's leadership of the expedition, Milo must find a woman in her darkened apartment. He takes him to the employer, Mr Whitmore. Whitmore was a close friend of Milo's grandfather and would like to send Milo to the team to find Atlantis. Mr. Whitmore is very rich and has paid the best. The team that must accompany her is the same as her grandfather. The journey is filled with many great obstacles that need to be overcome and it is very fun to watch. The viewer finds himself shut when they reach Atlantic. The plot takes an unexpected turn from Atlantis after its discovery, not just the discovery of people. It is enough to keep the interests of the parent audience. <br /> <br /> Animators have done a great job in animation depth. The film is very successful in mixing traditional animation and computer-generated images. An object that is not easy to achieve is that most audiences have a quick difference between the two. The characters are believed to be human. There are some nice tracking scenes with lots of action. Some balls are full of jokes that kids just can't. <br /> <br /> Writers' creativity is out. The culture of Atlantis is richly developed, including the whole language. The film uses references to Atlantis from historical sources such as Plato. Explaining the disappearance of Atlantis from the world. When younger audiences believe that magic really exists. The powers of the Atlantis people are not presented exactly as magic, but they can best be described in this way. <br /> <br /> Although used in 1914, the level of technology used is unrealistic. The trip is a submarine that resembles Captain Nemo Navy, which includes a torpedo fire. Huge miners are driven by steam boilers, so they tried the technology of some era. Female characters are capable of having no age women, even if they are in the lead. It's not bad. This is a good example for my daughter, not for all men cast by men. <br /> <br /> One of the reasons why this movie is a favorite of my other favorite movies is that there is no single song ever. The tradition, which began with the first feature film "Snow White" and which started to be "Lion King", almost every Disney movie is full of brisk songs. It's great and all that would be seven dwarfs without "Hi HO!" After a million times it would be almost better, but it leaves the parent. Not every person on the screen suddenly knows songs that no one has heard before and broke the song. I'm quite grateful. <br /> <br /> The story and depth of animation definitely keeps the parent and the baby alive. This is a film I want to watch with my kids over and over again.
