After watching her two quiet short pants, "Elena and her men (1956)" are my first full-length film from French director Jean Renoir and I enjoyed it very much. But I didn't watch the movie for Renoir, but for the star Ingrid Bergman, who? 41 years old? still radiated unsurpassed beauty, elegance and charm. In the early 1950s, after his scandalous marriage to Roberto Rossellini in Italy, Bergman was temporarily in favor of the public. His next five men, led by his wife, were unsuccessful in the United States and I suspect that Renoir's latest edition did not help Bergman's popularity with English-speaking audiences, but he returned to his former success with the Oscar in the same year, "Anastasia (1956)"}. It is celebrated by Polish Princess Elena Sokorowska, who sees herself as a variety protector, bringing success and recognition to promising men everywhere before they give up. While working on his happy charms to help the outstanding political aspirations of the outstanding General Francois Rollan (Jean Marais), he finds himself in love with what he cannot walk on. This vague political film works well as satire or romantic comedy if you don't take it too seriously; it is purely mild romantic fluff. The Bergman Polish princess is dreaming and somewhat self-absorbing, not in the unlikely way, but hardly with the woman's high principles and beliefs. He has convinced the team of government conspirators to convince General Rollan at the coup d'état, knowingly using his love for him to satisfy his own displeasure as a "guardian." Perhaps the only legitimate virtue of the film is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then Audrey Hepburn's husband) who ignores the selfish secondary motives of all others and continues to love Elena and love alone. This, Renoir, is proud to say what the real French do best. "Elena and her men" are also trying, with moderate success, to uncover the superficiality of the upper-class French contacts through the clumsy filming of Eugène (Jacques Jouanneau), who cannot love his servant's lover without his fiances going to them. For these sequences, Renoir apparently sought the humor that can be found in Marx Brothers, but the film itself is so relaxed and modest that energy simply does not exist.
