The famous international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a heart attack on his intense lifelong work and interrupts his successful career early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown of northern Sweden, where his mother left when he was a seven-year-old sensitive boy teased by Conny and other schoolmates to live a low-paced life. He buys an old school and is invited to attend a church choir with a local shepherd stig (Niklas Falk), but the reluctant and shy Daniel refuses the principle. At the same time, she is involved with the community and knows Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local doctor with a local past, a woman's interest. His music opens the hearts of the members of the choir, influencing their daily lives: the slow Tore (André Sjöberg) has the opportunity to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), Stig's wife, releases her repressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) is against her abusive and violent spouse; gossiper and frustrated Siv (Ilva Löf) opens his heart against Lena; fatty Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) cries enough for the joke of businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel); even Daniel will love people and Lena as the love of his life. When they are invited to participate in an important Vienna competition, Daniel finds the opening of his music at the heart of his dreams. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a touching and sensitive film with a very beautiful story. It is impressive how Director Kay Pollak and Scriptwriters have managed to work on a large number of characters in 132 minutes. The performances are top-notch, supported by excellent music points and at least two awesome moments: when Gabrielle is singing her song, and definitely the last concert in Vienna with the audience, the jury and all the concerts participating in the melody, and making Daniel's dream is fulfilled. Like "Theorem", a stranger also changes the life of a conservative community, not just the family. In addition, like many European films, the open conclusion shows that Daniel died at least in my interpretation, achieving peace with the success of my music. In these two scenes my eyes became damp. My voice is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("Paradise Life")
