Kay Pollaki Heart-warmer of 2004 Så som i himmelen / As the sky is, it contains all the stereotypes of humanity and inhumanity in Sweden that can be a crowd. It contains a lot of ammunition for cynical critics, continuity error markers, and saccharin debunkers, but succeeds in depicting the colors of a small community. The film also features a famous messaging game about "finding your voice" and "just being afraid of your fear" without completely removing the cynical throat. <br /> <br /> Its success as a crowd entertainment comes from two facts. First, small movies about strangers who bring a new life to the Christian communities in the countryside offer plenty of room for hypocrisy, while allowing repressed characters to get out of their hairpins. In the same year and with the same wind in Sweden, the Queen of Sheba pearls and the Babette party did it. Secondly, any film about small communities that take the whole world will hit the human order of our increasingly individual / self-centered and impersonal world. The structural similarity of this film with The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and Clear Day shows its debt to formula. But this is the formula that still lives there, and that seems to be because people need positive messages that make the community feel almost self-evident. <br /> <br /> A stranger has been burning maestro Daniel Daréus in search of self-rediscovery. The city it visits, or rather, repeats itself, is a city citizen known for its childhood. The classmates were tempted to be brutally bullied because he was a sensitive musician who did not want to drive a truck. Here he takes the work of the Chancellor / Defendant, despite the usual doubts of artists and outsiders. This place is naturally inhabited by a number of recognizable types whose character arches are predictable: a cordial, fair-haired girl so beautiful that she almost burns; cell phone calling local businessman; a woman whose beauty is being lost under domestic violence; a sharp pastor and his less oyster woman who originally looked out of Ingmar Bergman. Also presented: jealous, potty spinster (Siv) (control); geriatrics whose soul still sings (control); Elderly couples who have wanted to push (control) against one another from kindergarten; an obese person whose task is to note, we should not laugh and say "greasy" (control); a boy with intellectual disability who proves he can sing good "A" (see). <br /> <br /> Pollak's film is not all warm fuzzies. It directs the "show that we look at setbacks and moral opposition" sub-genre. It includes violence and the end, which may be the metaphor of death after reaching a creative nirvana. The film's violence is usually a function of man's anger and repression, but never deepens deeply about why a schoolboy who is beating a woman is like that. Similarly, the small town of Pastor follows the so moral, black-wearing super-protestant stereotype that his secret care in girlie magazines is hardly surprising. His repression and hypocrisy are precisely what is not related to psychological reality. Maybe there is a secret photo of the young boys, a lost son who may have barely seen his shoulder. <br /> <br /> These holes may be editing features such as multiple inconsistencies and continuity errors. observed, like Siv's unexplained recurrence in the chorus (twice) after moral outbreaks. In fact, none of the movie couplings is very long and everything seems to have been resolved in the scene. In addition to some uncomfortable scenes of love, the movie is rarely dragged for 127 minutes, but it feels like things can stay on the floor of the cutting room. <br /> <br /> Despite the three stars, the film remains in the openings that you can choose from. This is simply because in the world of technology-based rails and materialistic self-inquiry, everyone, even the cynical, is welcome to the glimpse of the human community.
