This is a very appealing BBC-TV mini-series, based on the mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but this series is really a research of more than five hours of story marks. So this is a great piece of ensemble where great British actors and actors can show their talents. Actual characters are really "people who are not usually judged", people are so boring and unaware that they are hard to admire. For example, the wizard is a young man (whose spouse disappears) who has no job and no obvious interest. He lives in extracts from his parents. He was once in the army, but it does not seem to be the smallest trembling for any ambition or interest in life, except for a small family commitment. He has played David Oyelowo, who is a great person in this respect, who is a perfectly sympathetic person, although his only activity for five hours is loving and exhausting, which he does great, so one wants to comfort him, as he is so nice a guy . The outstanding strength of the entire series is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, who acts in the circle of all the others. He's just incredible. She depicts a very insecure woman, indeed a unique story that is familiar to everyone, namely irrational, hysterical, self-centered, dense, nervous, blindly loving and blindly hateful, elderly idiot woman. Unfortunately, we know them too well. Wilton is one of Britain's best actors (see my review of "Half Broken Things"). He takes a character who could have been two-dimensional and makes him four-dimensional. He is excellently supported by old professionals, Patrick Malahide, who plays his irritated husband and their pair really sets high standards for all younger players. Janet McTeer, a prominent actor who is younger, has become a much less sympathetic type now that she is older, has in some way tightened and put down, but she redeems her in the final stages of the story, showing how great she is when she he has the opportunity to draw one of the most convincing and original drunk scenes I've ever seen on film. The big surprise is the mysterious character of Sarah, played by great depth and originality of actress Sarah Smart. He takes a character who might have been painstaking and tedious, and the heavenly acting magic makes him a deeply mysterious and intriguing person, of whom we marvel tirelessly throughout the five hours. He's so good that we finally think about Sarah Smart, frankly. I think this happens when you do your job correctly, so people know where the character ends and the actor begins when he knows, it is, and many don't. He is very deeply indignant at his own eyes with tricks that discourage and let us know that he is relaxed, but we are not sure how and why, although in the end we learn that he has an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. The mastery of his vague facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is amazingly convincing as a seemingly hopeless companion who lives with his mother and is not much, but with a hidden depth. (I think most people have hidden depths, but do we want to be inclined, this is a question.) His mother plays very well with Margot Leicester. An excellent result is Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a brilliant, contradictory teenage girl whom we all fear, but who at decisive moments breaks down the helpless tears and proves to be pathetic, all her arrogance is just her. The other three children are also very good, Lucinda's friend and her younger brother and half-sister. Younger siblings can indeed be very dull as the characters of the story (they can't say anything special formulated, missing the lost hopeless witness), little to recommend them, but their sweet qualities, but it's Lee's wonderful influence on Massey as a boy and Tyler Anthony as a girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we can't see him much, which is a disgrace because he is such a beautiful actor that he is wasting here. Could go, but one has to draw somewhere. Sari manages to be strangely excited because all of these are essentially uninteresting people who have been subjected to intense anxiety and interruption.
