Still the final program of World War II, the World War is not only long but also very informative. There are 26 episodes in the series (each episode lasts about 45 minutes) and includes events leading after the war and following. Most episodes are related to war in Europe and there are several episodes of war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information on the civil war in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic and Germany, Britain, the United States, and the Soviet Union. There is one episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with the episode A New Germany (1933-1939) and talks about the rise of the Nazis in Germany and the territorial benefits of Germany before the outbreak of war. Series ends with episode Remember; The impact of war in the post-war world. Remember, this great program ends. Each episode begins with a brief introduction and then opening. Credit comes with a powerful music theme. There are lots of matching music tracks in the whole series. Every episode is like a minifilm. The video is fantastic and so is how it was put together. In addition, some film materials are colorful. The information you add also makes the episodes memorable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> The series was composed by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). It took four years to pay for it in 1969, a thorough study. Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and respected actors of the 20th century) spoke about the series. The series interviewed leading members of Allies and Axis campaigns, including civilian, recognized men, officers and politicians, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney , Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and Historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says "The World of War of War" is that he tried to interview, not necessarily the surviving big names, but their aide and assistants. According to Isaak, the hardest to find and persuade interviewer was Heinrich Himmler Adjutant, Karl Wolff. The latter admitted that Himmler's presence was largely fulfilled. <br /> <br /> The world war is often seen as the final of the Second World War in television history. Some consider this documentary form the best example. In the list of the 100 largest British television programs compiled by the British Film Institute in 2000, which was voted by industry professionals, The World at War ranked 19th. The program has everything the viewer needs to know about war. After watching a few episodes, this series liked so much that I tried to look at the remaining episodes one after the other. I've seen them sometimes several times. There are two other big documentary series that I know can be in the interest of the viewer. The first is the Great War (1964), which is about World War I. You are called the Cold War (1998), which is obviously a Cold War.
