This is Paul F. Ryan's first and only feature film. He hasn't done anything since then. However, he managed to get an amazing ensemble that depicts his story character. I don't know when and why the idea came up with his head, but Ryan wrote a scenario that later became his own directed film, "The Home Room." Alicia, a troubled girl; those we always see on television. Dark hair and black clothes; a cigarette pack in your pocket, a strange look and disturbing eyes (of course, makeup). An event has taken place in his school; shooting. Some students are dead and he saw everything. Now Detective Martin Van Zandt (Victor Garber) is investigating, and as expected, Alicia is a suspect. But shooting is just genesis; the film does not concern taking. <br /> <br /> Staying in a hospital is Deanna Cartwright (Erika Christensen). He's one of the survivors of the hospital. The script creates a link between them, the school director (James Pickens Jr). She helps all students recover from the event, but Alicia doesn't seem to care. He's isolated. In this way the principal determines him; he must visit Dean every day for up to five hours. Then the film begins. <br /> <br /> I can't even describe how wonderfully I think the film is. I can identify the characters and situations they live in; I like reality. These things can happen to anyone. And the things they say are completely understandable. They grow up and try to solve things they haven't experienced; they do their best. Without knowing this, Alicia (when she first visits Dean) and Deanna (when she sees Alice in front of her) begin a journey that defines their personalities and ideas for the next step in life; after high school, the manager is very well led by Christensen and Philipps. See the contrast between them. Deanna seems naive and understandable; there is no complexity inside her mind. When Alicia enters her room and sees tons of flowers, she asks, "Who brought them?". "Many People," Deanna says; though a few days later we learn that they are his parents who come every week. Parental figures are all well represented, but not as important as their sons' characters. Deanna is lonely. Alicia seems mature and violent; cigarette smoking and dirty talking. But after two days of visiting, he finds he returns to the hospital every day; even staying in Deanna's room. If they both have a fight later, I believe Deanna says, "Why are you coming back?" Alicia is also lonely. <br /> <br /> Stopping a movie without destroying it is a bit of a disappointment; this is something I did not expect. This eliminates some of the film's strength. Revelation is completely unnecessary; destroying the logical climax of the film. It was still a great script; and great direction. Fucking fine movie. <br /> <br /> For Erika Christensen, this was a role for higher flights. His role in traffic was impressive, but it was a big step; main role. Maybe many could not see this movie and it is a pity. He has not done any wrong since then. He has even come out with a good display in a terrible movie. On the other hand, Philipps, who proved to be very promising in this film (which is a transformation), has little chance for other roles. <br /> <br /> Same as I say about Paul F. Ryani (redirecting, curse) and I look forward to sitting on his computer, ending his new script; I'm waiting for my next movie. I hope for the best of all of them.
