Music and Laurence Olivier 's amazing delivery made the film a great one. It is still a vision for World War II holidaymakers, descendants of those involved in the conflict, politicians who think that things are always going through the expansion of their foreign policy through the aircraft carrier deck (did you hear George Bush?) And someone else curious or must know who and what aspects of this conflict are. 26 episodes are in chronological order, but they can be seen in the sequence because they are more or less independent. There is definitely a new idea for the new viewer because it is great. The actual film of the battles is mixed with interviews related to the northwest. Many interviews are related to a second set of agencies, ie support staff dealing with key characters, political parties, captains, secretaries, eyewitnesses, etc. You get a true original taste of what war is. <br /> <br /> I am currently watching the DVD version of the original TV documentaries. I strongly recommend it for worn, intermediate VHS offers available on eBay. I was paid $ 120 Cdn for five double-sided DVDs. This new version includes bonus material and is in full screen mode. The menus are easy to follow, first you can choose which episode you want to watch, and then after you have chosen, you can choose the episode for different chapters or the whole episode. With such a comprehensive presentation, it is understandable that the menu has little navigation, but after 30 years, 60 years after the end of the war, what you see will not be reduced in 30 days. <br /> <br I remember watching the first broadcast at the Buffalo PBS station just before moving from London in 1975 and I would like to have a copy right now. Now my wish is finally over. <br /> <br /> Watch this documentary. Tell your friends. Buy a copy of your library. Remember and respect the sacrifices and challenges that those who come from America, Russia, Great Britain, Canada and all other nations and peoples involved in the final victory overcome. What an eye opener.
