This interesting feature is a very subtle story, quite colorful characters and a very steady pace. it also includes the "Reap the Wild Wind" plot device and since Cecil B. Deille led it and his son Anbthony Quinn drove this film out of his preparations, it can't be a coincidence. it works in both cases, i have to report. The unusual design tells the viewer that the Barataria reign of Jean Lafitte was built for piracy, but during the war of 1812 and before, he has always refrained from disturbing US ships. Now, General Andrew Jackson has been accused of defending New Orleans with only 12,000 men in 60,000 British Imperial Coats and 60 ships. Lafitte men want him to be stronger; He wants freedom and grace for his men before handing over such a strategic landing to US forces. There are other factors in the working group; Pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack US ships and ignore it by ignoring Lafitte's orders, leaving the boy alive without knowing that they have missed sight. When his statements finally come out, Jackson cannot give what Lafitte asks; but Lafitte still supports him and the mist, pirates and Jackson are traveling to Britain and sails any fate awaiting a man with a genius and head of state, but no luck. The casting of this colorful and physically cute film has indeed been experienced. Yul Brynner has one of the best roles as the King of Pirates, Inger Stevens is beautiful; if the girl she loves has many advisers to Charles Boyer, the powerful Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Governor Marshall and Claire Bloom are charismatic as Bonnie Brown. Others are cast as Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbr, George Mathews, Henry Hull Jackson, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries, and Leslie Bradley. Elmer Bernstein's music is very memorable, and the 1938 Handbook, which was redesigned here, was just a little refreshed. Glossy cinematography was the work of veteran Loyal Griggs, and its decorations were offered by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, featuring Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester costumes. Nellie Manley made a complicated hairstyle and complicated makeup for Wally Westmore. The film contains quite a lot of good adventure dialogue and very strong climate change. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, is ready to play the general part of the parent and discovered the man was young at the time of the battle; but he is often effective, gray-gray or not, especially in his shift with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. It is an exciting and well-equipped entertainment that looks exactly like C.B. DeMille finished his production; this is a beautiful and almost very fine film.
