I recently read Nancy Drew's book about 20 years ago, so much of my memory of a fictional character is probably wrong. What I gathered was introduced to me in an age when teenage dolls had grown popular with children at this time (for me, in the 80s and early 90s), Hardy Boys, Famous Five and, of course, "Carolyn Keene's Nancy Drew." books that have very dated cover images, usually quite heavy (for a child), and the thickness of the book may be due to the fact that the words are printed in large fonts. <br /> Well, the character has been given some updates because I recall my sister Nancy Drew's books that have become less soft, upgraded and stylish with Nancy. I don't remember whether these stories were the same as the old hardcover, but I think those books that are ghostwritten are a fair part of updating their time. br /> <br /> In this Warner Brothers version of Nancy Drew, this character will undoubtedly be time-consuming, but somehow writers Andrew Fleming and Tiffany Paulsen wrote their 50s you feel the feelings of small towns, thus preserving some charm and taste that erm, like people like me, would appreciate. In her fashion sense, her primacy and cordiality, even some tiny behavioral qualities that do her well, Nancy Drew. (Tate Donovan) who moves her daughter and herself to the city to get a better job and her daughter in the city of Heights. The mother is just a distant memory, and the housewife is making a headache. But what made Nancy Drew work is the leadership of Emma Roberts. Her famous aunt Julia's bitch, she also has this beautiful behavior to make her unmistakable red hair and this megawat smile. His Nancy Drew, though at first it seems that you are rubbing the wrong way, is really growing. And almost what I thought could be a Pretty Woman thrown into the scene, that is, the characters went to a stylish shop with almost the opposite reactions. <br /> <br /> Although his father, Carson Drew, is trying to bring Nancy out of his dream and equate himself with normal teen life, trust Nancy to live in a house where the owner, the Hollywood type, has been found, was murdered in suspicious circumstances. Mystery solving is her comfort when she finds herself killed by a local brotherhood and not before we throw her with her big-screen adventure. <br /> <br /> Nothing is too much a dahlia crime and mystery, and it is a pretty simple piece for Nancy to settle between Corky's (Josh Flitter) friend and schoolboy friend and peaceful jealous friend Ned (Max Thieriot) while hiding his curriculum activities the truth of his father. The story is a gentle and old-fashioned sentimentality that amazes and becomes somewhat scooby-doo. In the case of minimal violence and large bags of weapons or explosions, this is a serious genre that is clearly labeled with a "chick flick" warning. <br /> <br /> I think the film will create a new generation of fans, will restore the memories of the older, and probably perhaps the new fashion trend of sport pennies.
