If my expectations were not exceeded, they were certainly fulfilled. "Nancy Drew" works as a mystery and comedy. It gives tribute to the books that were the basis and at the same time corrupted. The film begins with the book's immediate vicinity and an animated credit sequence similar to the illustrations in the books. Then it will immediately hit books. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to understand the idea that a teenage girl who regularly crushes crime rings in a small town is ridiculous, so she doesn't treat the idea religiously. He amuses Nancy Drew's ability to do something, such as the aces in each class, knowing which baked dinner is perfect for transforming any enemy into him, making a birdhouse with twelve flying pillars and even doing an extraordinary tracheotomy. Nancy is always in perfect style when she lives in a healthy 1950s instead of today's L.A. And he's wearing a sleuth kit with fingerprint dust, flashlight, compass and magnifying glass. Natural, of course, but it seems to me that I remember Hardy Boys accessing CSI devices at any moment, which is also too convenient. And if the perky peppy private eye is a little younger than his literary colleague, it's just more comical exaggeration for the film. <br /> <br /> The film's mystery is being treated more seriously. Nancy and her lawyer father move from their small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy digs into a cold case involving the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new house for decades. Nancy is looking for some practical ways, such as surfing websites like Google, and watching old video tapes from victim movies. If he does something more than usual, you have to admire the girl's ingenuity. Emma Roberts, undoubtedly a lovely boy, plays a beautiful pint-sized amateur tour. She makes the girl too perfect, if not completely realistic. Tate Donovan is also great because it is the perfect girl's father, Carson Drew. He is the perfect father's figure who is not unrealistic, and he shows his daughter that he is in danger. Less enjoyable is taking Max Thierot 'Nancy's boyfriend Ned Nickerson. I preferred the depiction of George O'Hanlon Jr in the 1970s TV series, starring Pamela Sue Martin, like Nancy Drew, where Ned was a naïve, uncomfortable child with a little drunken Nancy. Corky (Josh Flitty), twelve years old with Nancy, is a lot less annoying than Max Thieroti Ned. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem to be suitably cast as Nancy gal pals Bess and George, but they only make the film at first. <br /> <br /> Speakers, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison ("Ocean's 13") and Bruce Willis all make surprises for guest performances that just prove you can never guess what movie Bruce Willis will be next will appear on the day. <br /> <br /> Film does not have any potential. Early on, it is mentioned that Drews' new house is heavily trapped, but Nancy and his father will do a couple of minutes after that. Nancy also describes the cold case she is going to investigate as a murder that takes place in an extravagant party that should provide many potential murderers, but she is confronted with only a few suspects. And while Nancy's adventures have some moments of real tension, the solution comes out of nowhere and eventually all possible plot threads are too comfortable and who cares-who-did. Ralph Sall's result adds to the movie, but today's teenage songs that are woven into the band are flat. However, I really enjoyed this movie and the main target of the movie is girls, any age and sex people can enjoy it.
