"La Maman et la putain" is the most beautiful film of all time. And the most moving, it can be the relationship between reality and art that the film deals with, which is directly inspired by Proust 'A la Recherche du temps perdu. <br /> <br /> Indeed, "La Maman et la putain" and "lost time searching" probably say the same story: a love failure that is repeated indefinitely. The first woman's name is always Gilbert, and the other woman looks like twisted and deformed double Gilberte: Veronica is like "whore Gilberte", as beautiful as night, while Gilberte was pure and "beautiful as day". After the failure of the first love, the second love begins, but as it has been condemned first. Veronika is in Alexandre's life and film instead of Gilbert. He gradually displaces him, occasionally coming to Gilberte when Alexandre waits for Veronica. It shows that it is the same sad story that repeats itself, the same "unfaithful woman" as Alexandre says, who seems endlessly - and infidelity that Prous is a higher love point that makes it existent but also emphasizes its illusions . /> <br /> Art is what causes passage between what is outside - the illusion of love - into the interior that is truth, and that is learning the truth. For example, if Veronika notices that the stranger is Alexandre's bed, he replies that he saw it in the movie, and then that the film, "it is made to learn to live, how to make beds". Alexander wants to live as he was in the movie, he wants his life to be art. <br /> <br /> This art concept comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the rejection of the same political art and artistic realism. "La Maman et la putain" fights the "principled political" concept of art - see, for example, the ironic view of Alexandre's political film. As Proust says, "Art doesn't care about all this proclamation and is only silent." First, art is introspection. And also why realism or naturalism has been rejected: art must change reality. Proust writes: "I discover the illusion of realism that is wrong." That's why "La Maman et la putain" does not hide its artificialness, emphasizes how the actors "say" their text: "The more you artificially see, the higher you go," said Eustache. <br /> <br Eustache and Proust share this idea that the artist is the "translator" of the inner truth. But Alexandre failed when Eustache succeeded. "La Maman et la putain" tells us that the character is not a character. The tragedy can be felt when you go into the movie, which gets the most sad. You see this Alexandre face, who sees more and more dead dead. This can be seen from the fact that the scenes become longer and that after a while nothing happens outside. At the end of the movie, when you see Alexandre writing and Veronika asks if she is writing her life, you may think she is not that even the literature failed. The end of the film shows Alexander's symbolic death, which is bursting because of the gravity of reality. And in this tiny sister's room, Alexandre looks more like Albertine than Marcel. <br /> <br /> To explain this failure, we can say that Alexandre is a Balzac reader. "Forme et signification" explains Jean Rousset that Proust does not have Balzac readers who are Swann and Charlus, capable of some artistic creation because they are actually stuck in what they're wrong with art. They see the reality of art and "are not aware of the changes in the artist's life and his work, reality and art". And that's exactly Alexandre. He claims, for example, that he "loves a woman for parallel reasons because he played for example in Bresson's". She's like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because she looks like Botticelli's wife. <br /> <br /> "Life is not my calling". This idea is indeed suicidal Eustache, even when Alexandre said. However, there is a difference between Alexandre and Eustache: when Eustache is absolutely Alexandre, Alexandre is like an artistic double, terrible vision of an artist that crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, Veronika condemns the illusions of Alexandre. This is a death that reminds me of the latest film footage, both by the endless tapping of Jean-Pierre Léaud and Veronica. Or maybe it is already a hell that describes the end, like Sarte's "Huit-Clot" and absolutely does not like the final release of "Le Temps retrouvé". If Eustache had read Proust, Alexandre would never have finished the book, life and Veronika always bothered to read it in his apartment or cafes. "La Maman et la Putain" is like a double "search for lost times", which says how Alexander is not an artist, while "A la Recherche du temps perdu" says how Marcel becomes a writer (Genette) If, as Baudelaire says, tells the artist "in the light of his dream" the reality, his nightmare that Eustache tells us "La Maman et la putain".
