What could have been seen as a coup in the direction of a sexual "revolution" (purposefully I use the citations in this word), wrote and directed Jean Eustache Mother and Whore for poetic, evil criticism of those who do not seem to have received enough love. If there is a message to this film and I hope that this message will arrive only after that Ben-Huri's length, it is true that there must be some level of happiness, true truth. Is it possible for two lovers? Some may try, but what is the result if nobody really gets what they really want, or they feel they can even express what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth about the relationships that Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) has with his surrounding women? He is twenty something pseudo-intellectual, not seemingly working, and he lives from a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont), a little older than her and is usually, if not always, her lover, her last possible love of her - life left behind and then right now she picks up the woman she sees on the street, Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), who might remind her. Soon this film will be released, which has once been placed on film, where psychological strings are pulled out with the most cruel words and with the slightest gestures. At first we think it can be all that happens to Alexandre, but we're wrong. Women are so important in terms of love and sex that they have to be around and talk to sink. <br /> <br /> We are told that part of the sexual revolution is a theory, if not entirely in practice (maybe it was, I can't say that it wasn't alive in the period to see it for the first time), it was freedom caused the absence of inhibition. But the idea of ​​Eustache, if not a complete message, is that it is virtually impossible to use it in both ways: you can't love people and wait for the ultimate companion to arrive with "f *** ing". The signs refer to time and again. <br /> <br /> The strengths of the mother and the whore regarding the subject, express this fear below the promise, the lack of a monogam, while also stimulating the intellect in the most visible conversations of the film. At the same time, we see a sign like Alexandre, who apparently loves to hear whether he is talking about a movie he saw, or something bad about his past, Eustache does that the film itself is not pretentious - although it may seem But watch out for the reluctance that is under those who cover their internal mistakes they have to use when they end up alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought that films like the sunrise / sunset had a talkative relationship, you didn't. But as Eustache speaks in dialogues, these signs are sometimes trivial or "deep" or sexual or honest, or occasionally emotionally emotional, never ever uninteresting or boring. On the contrary, for those who do not get a good * talky movie, it is exceptional. Though his style does not call up the tensions of his ancestors nouvelle before decades, the new wave of Eustache had to touch the characters and then follow them. <br /> <br /> Realism with attitude, things that are awful and sarcastic at the time, raw and shameless. All three actors are glued to their character so we can never perceive them as emotions or at all melodrama. In a natural / realistic sense, it is almost too good, but in the case of the Eustache material it is no different. Fortunately, Leaud gives a period of chronicle to the career and both ladies, especially Labrun as "whore" Veronika (a statement he refutes at the top of the film with one uninterrupted shot). And like the second touch, every time so often, the director dives into a quiet mindset, a self-sitting sign, listening to himself, pondering or silence. This is probably the biggest impact on Jim Jarmusch, who devoted his film to Broken Flowers Eustache and has one scene that is lifted completely (and lovingly) late in Paris. <br /> <br /> Sad to say, before I saw Broken Flowers, I never heard of Eustache or this movie, and getting it has become quite complicated (not available on US DVD, and VHS) so few months in several different libraries). None of this time was wasted; Mom and whore are really beautiful work, one of the best French words of relationship, maybe even just one of the most amazing things I've ever seen. It's complicated, it's sweet, it's cold, it swallows and it's very long, maybe too long. It is also satisfactory at a level that I compare to marriage scenes; 35 years after the release of each film, real revelations about the human condition arise.
