Unfortunately, today, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) is one of the many leading French filmmakers who are very unknown, whose films are hard to find and which are not published on international DVDs. Since we have a good old-fashioned video shop in Tucson, I had the chance to watch this 3 1/2-hour marathon masterpiece that is not boring in 10 seconds. <br /> <br /> Since we are talking here about one of the most understandable (and most controversial) films of all time, let me say that I have the impression that the endless dialogues that were originally typical of Jacques Rivette or Alain Resnais' In the early "Nouvelle Vague", this film is almost ridiculous. Dialogues are basically monologues, mostly longer, spoken by Jean-Pierre Léaud. The most characteristic is that the intersection of two people is almost zero. The lady or her character Alexandre wants to talk more about herself than about the things she seems to be talking about. That's why you can't talk about communication in this movie. It is quite possible that the director had a sensible satire when he once arrived at such hotly discussed political and sociological ideas, but the type of person Alexandre exists all the time, we already find him in Petron's "Satiricon", which is actually very similar to "mother and whore". <br /> <br /> Alexandre not only does something, but has developed a kind of metaphysics, which concerns the lack of action, at least the responsibility towards the society of which it is a part. He strikes people who work at 7 am in the morning when he's just busy with his last drink before he sleeps in one of his girlfriend's apartment for whose money he lives. He can't speak one sentence without mentioning one of Nietzsche and Bernanos leading thinkers. Especially Sartre, who is quickly shown in the French intellectual "Aux Deux Magots", where Alexandre is sitting all day, must excuse the lifestyle of Alexandre and his colleagues because they suffer from the existential crisis of civic nausea. But Alexandre's intellectual speeches seem to be rather pseudo-intellectual, and the phrases and phrases he quotes seem to be rather a glossary rather than an actual reading of his books. </p> It is true that this film requires an extremely wide range of European knowledge, especially French existentialist philosophy and its consequences for the movement of 68 pupil revolutions, but if you have that knowledge, you will enjoy 215 minutes of your life on TV and shouting as you are probably for a long time did it.
