Jake Speed ​​is a movie that doesn't have one thing? charismatic leader. Unfortunately, this is something that really taints the entire movie and it is a disgrace because in the heart of this enjoyable action film, wisely enough script and interesting as a derivative. Although it is probably the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy? the film actually plays a bit more like "Romancing the Stone", though the opposite. This is not the author of the romantic adventure fiction, guided by an adventure that is very similar to one of his creations, the nature of adventure fiction (who happens in the chronicle of his adventures), leading one of his adventures to an ordinary woman. When a young woman gets lost in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by an attractive Karin Kopins) gets Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford), a hero of the pulp, and Dennis (Dennis Christopher), who both turn out to be real and very bad people in an adventure leading them to a civil war torn off. In the heart of the African country and finally in the bond between two brothers, a delicious bad Sid (John Hurt) and his ridiculously camp nurse Maurice (Roy London). This is a plot? it is not a maze and it is not complicated, but the story he is talking about does not require great depth. <br /> <br /> The sequences are tempting first and it is certainly true that the heroic trio is carried out at their pace (either caught in battles between government and rebel forces, or a lion's full picture and definitely pretty funny lines. However, it seems that the film can't go to the end and unfortunately start running sequences that are quite tempting to get started and eventually become a bit blissful and irritating. It may not be a problem if it was possible to please Jake Speed, but because of Wayne Crawford's performance it becomes more caring Now, I don't know if he stretched himself a little thin because he was also a film producer and writer, or he just isn't a good actor (as I've never seen him much more), but he's never convinced like Doc Savage, Indiana Jones, and Jack Colton's roguish blend. <br /> <br /> Is it a shame because most of the other characters play their role well? akas and convincing and his character shares Jake with a nice seal (unfortunately it is never convincing). Dennis Christopher is perfect because archetypal sidekick and John Hurt play a part in camping pleasure? almost as if he was in Batman's sixties episode. She moves on her few scenes in a ridiculous cockney accent that puts a production that almost belongs to another movie. Sid is not Moriarty (he is presented as Jake's genius from several of his earlier adventures / books), but he is always fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​is trying to guide the same fun B-channel spirit channels. Comet night (a Crawford film that has been made for a couple of years) and almost succeeds, but misses? it is disgraceful because Jake would have been good at some adventures and the television series could have been better served. <br /> <br /> I would like to challenge this curiosity, but in the end it will be a bitter taste, as most of the elements were to really do something good.
