Comedies often have an unfortunate reputation for having little real depth. Weapons and man prove that this concept is wrong. Shaw's game is full of comedy drama that combines a fun plot with a true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> At one level, weapons and people are a successful and somewhat unique romantic comedy. The young, melodramatic and superficial Raina originates from a deeply connected military family in the war; his fiancé and his father are both soldiers. He is shocked, one night on the arrival of an enemy soldier. He will save him, knowing that in the meantime he must keep the secret of his family secret and the soldier finally leaves. Of course, when the war is over, the soldier comes back, forcing all the primary characters to reassess their values ​​and relationships. <br /> <br /> It is quite interesting how the Shaw layers mean a pretty comic book. Shaw can comment on class constructs, the absurdity of war, and even the nature of love. And, of course, he does it with a shavil spirit and a satisfying plot. There's so much to think about that I think a lot can be missed in one view. Weapons and man are a great comic strip strategy and it is definitely one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> "Weapons and Man" is such a fun and thought-provoking film that retains its importance even today more than a century after its first creation. Shaw travels between popular theories of war and love and combines military satire with love and family structure. The game has a flashing mind, bustling humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is Captain Bluntschl's statement to Serguis: "I am a professional soldier: I fight when I have to, and I am very happy to step out of it if I don't. Amateur, you think fighting is amusement". Indeed, the son of Bluntschl's Swiss hotel manager was not the reason for participating in the war, and that is the absurdity that Shaw doubts about patriotic knowledge. Shaw examines the battle between the whole war and the concept of the army on both sides and finally shows that the feelings in both camps are not so different. <br /> <br /> The dialogue and sarcasm that is used for common understanding of life is confused with the gentle insertion of hope movement at the end of the fairy tale. The end where all the characters are happy and lovers change, and the shifts of love are the ones that emphasize the essence of this drama as comedy. This is a film that supports its reputation, which has a universal appeal and is still relevant when the concepts of war and patriotism and love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "weapons and man" should maintain its relevance when it comes to love and war.
