Doyle had never wanted to call Holmes out of his joint death with Professor Moriarty in the FINAL PROBLEM RECOMMENDATION. But financial considerations made him ready (in 1901) to write the MAIN NATURE, which is still considered his best Holmes novel and perhaps his best novel. But it was a "remembrance" of a great detective, written before his death. The only public hit by Doyle brought Holmes to the full in the 1905 EMPTY HOUSE. <br /> <br /> It's not that the new short stories (and the last novel) are really bad. Maybe the three stories are really terrible, but even terrible are very readable. Several of them (like SOLITARY CYCLIST) are really very good. But production inequality (especially after his LAST BOW (1917)) has become increasingly clear. He repeats the past story and shows Holmes' truly negative aspects. THANK YOU FOR THIRD GABLES Holmes shows the characteristic tab of the ancestors of the Afro. <br /> <br /> SPOILER WILL: <br /> <br /> CHARLES AUGUST MILVERTON'S RECOMMENDATION deals with Holmes, who is trying to get back from Milverton, a very successful press. This is an interesting example of how Doyle could make a very readable story with a minimal plot, so that the story is a little real detective. Holmes has been hired to try and negotiate with Milverton to buy letters, but to get them back! Milverton proves that not only does he want to read a smaller amount of paper, but is willing to protect himself from Holmes, who is trying to find his personality. Later, we learn that Holmes has become a romantic at the Milverton household during a smile. Finally, Holmes and Watson go home to Milverton. He and Watson are in the house when they find that Milverton is expecting a new business deal in his study (someone with the information that Milverton can use). Holmes and Watson look at when a woman comes, hiding carefully, who turns out to be the victim of further damage due to Milverton's earlier actions and who kills the death penalty. Holmes and Watson are able to shoot Milverton's compromising documents before escaping from the house and then discover the (identity of) woman's identity. The police (under Lestrade) do not find who has seen two mysterious men in Milverton's home, and Milverton's action is so disgusting (they could never bring anything back to him) that it is obvious that the murder is never <br /> /> The story is not one of the most interesting with real detective work, such as SPECKLED BAND or SILVER BLAZE. This is a story of mood and late action - the question is, are Holmes and Watson getting papers or Milverton trying to get them? It's not one of the best stories, but it's a lot of stories than really well-talked and interesting. <br /> <br /> At the time he wrote to CHARLES AUGUST MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had experience with the police about his sometimes acting as a highly respected amateur detective / crusader. The artist was found in a murder at his studio in London and Conan Doyle began writing his opinions about the killing. Then he stopped - apparently his friends in Scotland Yard warned that the murder did not look. The victim was homosexual, and the police were sure it was a lover's spit. In the interests of the victim's family (that was in 1905), Doyle gave up the case. So he was aware that sometimes the British police behaved indefinitely on issues that did not seem to justify their full probing - like Lestrade's restraint on the side of the killer of the stupid Milverton. a story that could have been talked about in the normal class of the series. But MASTER BLACKMAILER's teleplay spent some time showing the terrible dilemma of the Milverton victims (Victorian / Edwardian England). We see a promising young aristocratic military officer killing homosexual exposure because of the extravagant demands of Milverton, all at the beginning of the TV show. And it's not just homosexuals. Well-off men and women who are in heterosexual marriages can be discovering illegal children or precarious relationships in the past. Indeed, the story, a woman killing Milverton, prevents the destruction of her husband (a prominent nobleman) destroyed by the destroyer. <br /> <br /> Milverton plays well in his most poisonous bliss by this subtle actor Robert Hardy, who, even when faced with unexpected hairs, is completely undisturbed (he looks just like an angry woman out of her home ). Brett and Hardwicke are doing quite well in their role as Holmes and Watson. <br /> <br /> How serious was the loss of the character of rumors or zeal in 1905? In 1898, Sir Hector MacDonald was one of the heroes of the imperial war and the leader of the latest Victims in the Battle of Omdurman, which destroyed the Mahdista army (see FOUR WORDS). He was the governor of Ceylon in 1903, when he suddenly left unexpectedly. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself in front of the hotel, waiting for some hearing. Later it came out that "Fighting Mac", often considered the most popular military commander in Britain, was trying to sleep with the local boys. Milverton would have eaten him very quickly ... or his real life colleagues would.
