The "Renaissance (2006)" was created over six years, co-funded by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom for approximately EUR 14 million. The end result is the amazing achievement of comic book-style animation that is aesthetically similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved with Sin City (2005), but this movie used to capture the movement with live actors to translate their faces and movements in a completely animated format. The film in solid black and white looks like it is built on the pages of the graphic novel on which it is based, and the futuristic city of Paris hugs us surprisingly. The "Renaissance" led by the French filmmaker Christian Volckman pulls out other films in the genre of the research file in his full-length debut, and the tech-noir story is not something we have seen before, but the Technical Viewpoint is flawless. The year is 2054. The city of Paris is a crumbling metropolis that is full of dark alleys and abandoned footpaths, a newly installed modern technology that simply offers a safe mask to the deterioration of dark buildings. The largest city in the city, Avalon, has gained wealth by offering citizens the promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research department is constantly striving to find more tools to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (expressed by Romola Garai in the English version I was looking at), a brilliant young scientist, is abducted from mystery to return to work, so the task of the legendary detective Barthélémy Karase (Daniel Craig) is to reveal his current position. Perhaps the key to the woman's disappearance is Bislane (Catherine McCormack), Ilona's tempered older sister, whose credibility is a matter, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), a dedicated doctor who adored Ilona as her daughter. <br /> Dreadful, dimly lit Paris city resembles Ridley Scott '' Blade Runner '' (1982) 'and some technologies look like they were borrowed from a minority report by Tom Cruise (2002). {which was also random in 2054}. Nevertheless, Volckman has created an exciting world to live with his characters. Mixing the classic film and the scientific literature results in an eye-catching harsh collage of light and dark shadows that warn you that from time to time the viewer becomes difficult for the eyes. Dialogue is sometimes a bit banal, and the story, although it is interesting, does not offer a surprisingly original {except the end I thought it was a normal formula}, but the "Renaissance" is designed to work best for visual treatment and succeeds in this regard, can not be denied.
