Every other movie is great. And that's why he earns 7 because the plot is not particularly sad and I thought back in the last 90 minutes. I never felt any excitement or investment in characters. If anything, luxurious graphics and framing have made certain scenes (such as chasing a car) more pedestrians than they should have been - not that they don't look beautiful and have very original design and occasional camera angles - but they are missing kinetic movements and close-ups that are part of normal activity / thriller. The first lessons explode and the dialogue seems to be very edited and a bit gradual - people are waiting for each other and not always responding naturally to the problem of registering each person's dialogue. In rare cases, the emotions of the voices do not match those on the screen; something that should have been avoided. Futuristic architecture is very attractive (many glass walls / ceiling / screens, lovely smoke / mirage / special effects) and beautiful cars, but again - this is a more graphic design exercise that has no real impact story. I would argue that the use of drawn animation (instead of dots / CGI) aims to truly limit imagination and design; to do what is too difficult / impractical with other means. Although animation in the Renaissance is definitely stunning and incredibly well achievable, I didn't feel like I saw something that wasn't done before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French CGI film, also suffers the unbalanced beauty of the story and the pace. To be honest, some wonderful and involved French films are also empty, and ever-looking eyes or rain on the cobblestones of Paris can cause great emotion - but animators need to realize that although animation brings unique strength, there are also weaknesses in real technology. Perhaps the "noir" rules break the film, but the filmmakers have also left a glaring opportunity to study their future society a little more - social layers, the fascist grip of companies, and so on. <br /> <br /> I have no problem recommending the Renaissance to anyone who enjoys stylistic design and / or animation (especially "Manga fans"), but I don't make my other movie loving friends in between. Take off the rich images and this is barely an average movie.
