I am happy to be able to say almost only positive things about Karas and Tasuiev sisters, RENAISSANCE. Boy's Adventure, RENAISSANCE is the story of a young scientist, Ilona Tasuiev, a geneticist and researcher who has lost her job as a police officer. <br /> <br /> Karas, Ilona, ​​and Bislane are, although much less well-known than SIN CITY, a better film and more appreciated by witnesses. For French comics it's even more meaningful (I've enriched my French comic collection last week, though I'm not so up?). The atmosphere, music, characters, their lines, the plot is all nice and loving. Shown in Paris' top dog Karas to find a young woman who was a growing star in medical genetic research, Ilona Tasuiev, a mild warm blonde whose rebel sister Bislane was erotic preferred, I think. <br /> For me, the oldest aficionado of comics and TV series, which is a wonderfully beautiful cartoon, RENAISSANCE, like the episode of the WILD WILD WEST episode, was replaced by a mythological past with an equally mythological future? and blasé, but in some ways exciting. RENAISSANCE is not doubtful; it doesn't look very good? but it is seductive and hypnotic. What's more, it brings out, albeit briefly, the world, the real world, and think of Avalon, Nakata, Jonas Mueller, Tasuiev's sisters, and Goran, Farfella and Karas, who are talking about their distant childhood in Kasbah? . I liked the feeling of RENAISSANCE, a certain tenderness and sensitivity, and an adventure and a professional, firm look; Among these new caricatures it was and the adaptation of Linklater Dick (- the only one and the first adaptation of Dick ever) excelled me with beauty and real excitement. <br /> <br /> I thought futuristic devices were suitable and, if not conventional, lively in fear (like the costumes of invisibility). <br /> <br /> It is recommended that characters have exotic names like Bislane and Farfella, which are mostly collected from the arts and entertainment worlds (Goran and Ilona and Naghib ??). <br /> <br /> No one seems to have noticed that RENAISSANCE's poster has a look like Rourke that is Marv; which does not make it a hang of SIN CITY, but not a paragon of originality, and in fact it is more like a Miller story, namely the dark futuristic appearance of a broken society, a hero. (in fact, the Willis character's cross and the Rourke's personality in the previous movie?) on the other hand, this comic breathes more public air, a joy of adventure and a word, it's like SIN CITY for young children, I mean, because there is some nudity on the screen. What I have said can be reversed, that the features mentioned are characteristic, even if clichés and the usual places of the appearance of adult comics; True enough, and it was old man Miller who has brought things on the screen and RENAISSANCE here and there with no similarities. Now it is also fair that every RING should have its own ERAGOR, so every sin city, its renaissance. I admit that these spooky futuristic stories are a rather partial, rather weak profession.
