Imagine the classical Noir story infused with Frank Miller's Sin City hyperstilized black and white. Then the picture is a dystopian, scientific-literary thriller, such as Steven Spielberg's minority report, or Richard Linklater's scanner Darkly. Combining the above would be an appropriate way to describe the gloomy and atmospheric atmosphere of visionary French director Christian Volckman in the future with his feature film debut. But while Volckman's work undoubtedly refers to the above-mentioned films and similar films, such a simplified hybrid renaissance, Volckman's final result, justice - the film itself is a much more complicated job. > <br /> The hybrid of the genre is usually a shock and miss symptom, especially in today's context where the depth of individuality seems to be increasingly depleted. As such, the Renaissance is praiseworthy at least as a cinematographic experiment with a unique neo-noir-detective thriller nickelism and a fantastic allegorical fear of dystopian sci-fi drama, which give each other's stories of complimenting compliments in a strangely appropriate way. The scenario is smart and intriguing (though it makes sense that many lines in the script would have been much more effective in the original French than English translation - the title of the movie becomes much larger). step into your audience. While many plot elements seem quite familiar to those who often use such scientific literary thrillers, the script throws unexpected twists and turns at the right moment to keep the viewer in their toes, doing a truly convincing job. > <br /> Volckman's film with a truly outstanding visual component and a stunning black-and-white animation is just a highlight of the movie - superbly fashionable and stylish, which shows the tremendous aesthetic effect of using two shades easily. With a tremendous detail in the composition and appearance of each picture and the use of excellent, very noisy shadows and intriguing corners to emphasize the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears directly from the Frank Miller comedian, but the twisted end result is constantly visually proud. <br /> <br /> English movie transitions also add value to their very own voice dialing. Daniel Craig's dirty voice is an absolutely perfect piece for gloomy, stoic policeman Karas, and Catherine McCormack is a strong mysterious woman whose sister disappears. Regardless of the vague English accent, Romola Garai is doing an excellent job as a hesitant nurse, and Jonathan Pryce is appropriately threatened because he is the shadowy leader of the ominous mega company Avalon. Ian Holm's reedy voice is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist and Holm makes a strong impression in his short scenes. <br /> <br /> All in all, the Renaissance has a visually stunning, unique and weighty futuristic thriller, as intelligent as it is fun. Although the plot may seem familiar to those who often use such a ticket price and from time to time a weak line may prevent the film from being a masterpiece that he intended, the great animation itself is easily a film through the ages. A movie for fans of interwoven genres or for Frank Miller's graphic novels or for those who are ready to appreciate an effective, somewhat less common futuristic thriller, is undoubtedly worth the film. br /> - 8/10
