One of the reasons why Pixar has done so well and has been so successful is that although their films remain a technical miracle and visual mosaic, they have a story that fits their style. And often it is a very mobile style: influencing, charming and intergenerational. I think a lot of Anime (in a broader sense) and many other animations do not match their technical virtuality with the real substance, and partly because either the creators do not bother about the character and the plot and focus too much on the sound and the picture or the effort to make some animations so big, so it doesn't hold energy to create a truly interesting story. <br /> <br /> The same cannot be said of the Renaissance. There are errors on this plot, but I'll go into it later. These same mistakes, however, are not reflected in the visuals - the Renaissance is not stunning now. Ultra-high contrast images (sometimes such high contrasts that are nothing more than one face or one beam visible) and incredible details are always impressive, always a joy to see. The Futuristic Paris at the Exhibition is the birthplace of Blade Runner and Brave New World; dark, dusky, quite affluent and even clean, but covered with intrigue, corporate violation, obsession with beauty (the head of the hair head), and dirty and neglected passages of its labyrinth with a monumental, sophisticated architecture with veneer. br /> <br /> This is a delightful environment, not entirely original, but all the same. The movie's touted "motion-capture" technology and incredible attention to the special order of man and design result in the death of a black and white photographer. Not that the detail prevents entertainment, because Christian Volckman deals with some great sequences of action: hell-skin care, a couple of terrible (story-telling) murders, a number of bullets in a dark and nasty dusty gloomy apartment. Locations are also great (I want to visit a nightclub). While Karas's central character is your ordinary shelf-free policeman, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the real motors of the film. Coming from war-ridden eastern Europe, war, diaspora, and family business, they are metaphorics all over Europe. <br /> <br /> The film is enormously atmospheric, its dizzying, relaxing faux - the camera moves and the adult tone makes a very interesting experience. But the plot ... It will never become more interesting than the original hook, where shepherd war must be found by Ilona Tasuiev, a somewhat dead proud and pioneering scientist, after being caught in the street. The happy corporation Avalon (which is an ANY corporation that is never ominous?), What he worked on as "classified", is a gentle-bent and soon Karas in the face of his nose in the official bumps, corpses, cigarettes smoke and narrowly missed bullets, and in love Ilona's sister to Bislan (Catherine McCormack was very sympathetic) when she rejected the depth of the city's weak source (and her past). <br /> <br /> In other words, but although I enjoyed the movie much more than Sin City (to which it has visual visual similarity), the plot and resolution are boring, a subject where immortality is raised, but never explored, and the public Chief Champion Paul Dellenbach's Shenanigans are also dull, dropping a lot of dramatic tension. The basic ideas are familiar sci-fi genre materials, and the sketching feeling is that the visuals and the atmosphere hide the everyday material. <br /> <br /> But the film as a whole is clear and completely coherent, even though some of the scenarios that the characters occasionally encounter are excuse to display technical weakness. But this is a life project in 2054 in Paris, a community vision and the creation of another city from the ground, making it a movie. Maybe I'll take it too seriously and if that is the case, I can at least say that it is great, extremely fun (and also quite mature) and an atmosphere like no other.
