Scanner Darkly, Minority Report, Blade Runner, Sin City and Sky Captain and Tomorrow World? if you are a fan of it, you should definitely look at it. <br /> <br /> The French animation project "Renaissance" took seven years to make a budget for shoe games, and this evening I had to see it as a private review of the International Film Festival in Stockholm. My spontaneous reaction is awe; my further reflection is "huh, pure", and for closer analysis it is unfortunate "meh". This is a fantastic scientific literature that triumphs on the surface, but scratches it or even slightly, and its unnecessarily complicated plot becomes obvious as well as flat characters. However, it is clear that the people of Onyx films have done something remarkable with the above-mentioned surface. Visuals are incredible. They have used the capture of live-action motion, which is mounted on key-phase animation, with black black and light white contrasts and a heavily shaded rotoscoped background. For those who do not have a "technical link", the movie looks like a completely animated Sin City. Its liquid, transparent, dark and stylized template is complemented by a large gentle flash. It's a vision. At the same time, there are many credits due to sharp sound effects that are glowing in the form of futuristic weapons, intermittent music, heavy raindrops and glass plates. This is the dream of every tech-nerd ... <br /> <br /> The film zooms into the eerily, dark, futuristic Paris, where the big company called Avalon has begun to surround each other. Citizens with tracking (think of the liquid of minority reports on transparent screens) and genetic engineering. The latter leads to the kidnapping of the mysterious young researcher Ilona (spoken by lovely Romola Garai). Cut our hard-boiled policeman stop and main character Karas (Daniel Craig)? a man who takes the law into his own hands? who is assigned to find and search for Ilona. In this case, Illona's sister, with whom she also starts a love affair, helps her. Very semi-loved thing when I say it. <br /> <br /> The Renaissance world is remarkable. Directed by Christian Volckman, he is fairly committed to thawing the noir themes, and the result is a city jungle filled with spikes, rats, femme deaths, and lonely detectives hiding in the shadow of seed. The problem is that the creators undoubtedly felt the need to be very clear and well-written archetypes, or if the film had been "too surreal" for ordinary viewers because of its delicate animation format. It follows that we have many signs of clichés, like the villains of evil laughs, slippery criminals, and chubby chicks that blow all the chances of smoke. It casts noir on our face and it is not necessary. <br /> <br /> What's worse is that dialogue is a bit busy. It seems that every line exists only because of the movement of the plot. It's not deadly because the plot is so complicated as it goes to need a clear direction. Daniel Craig also helps here by bringing a nonsense attitude to his hard-hitting policeman. At one point in the Renaissance, he is seen during a lively car ride, which is definitely one of the most adrenaline pumps and top sections of the film. Unfortunately, the novelty of sci-fi visuals is worn by the chase of this car and "Renassaince" could be useful because it is a little shorter. All in all, there is a very interesting but incomplete futuristic comic book. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
