The story says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people from Indien Du Grand Café was gathered in the Paris salon to recognize Cinématographe, allegedly a new invention resulting from a couple of works by a photographer in August and by Louis Lumière. The small audience that was reunited on this day (some by invitation, mostly because of curiosity) didn't really know what to expect at the shows, and when a stationary photo appeared, most thought that Cinématographe was another fancy figure to present slideshow projections. Until the photo movement started. What these thirty-three people had in awe of the cold cold day of December was the first public screening of the moving image projected on the screen; history is written and cinema as we know it was born that day. <br /> <br /> The 10 short films that were shown during this historic day, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" (literally "exiting the Lumière factory") "were the first to be reviewed. The film shows many employees of the Lumière factory when they go through the factory gates, leaving the building at the end of a hard working day, although it was a very simple "reality film" (a film that depicts a real event), the film all surpassed the audience as their moving image concept was limited to Edison's "Peep Show" machines (Kinetoscope), a brother's invention. It was like something they had seen before, and the audience was scary when people and horses moved across the screen. The idea wasn't completely new (Le Prince shot the first movie back in 1888). but the way the movie was shown was just revolutionary. <br /> <br /> Lumière was the first in the long series of "top films" produced by Lumière over the years. The documentary's primitive form was the brothers' favorite film because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than in using Cinématographe. Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, Cinématographe became a great success after the first show and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" quickly became the first screening icon. It was certainly not the first movie the brothers shot this year, and it was probably not 10 days from this best movie (personally I think "L 'Arroseur Arrosé" was the 10 best) but it really makes sense that the first movie was to open the gate pair, as literally, this movie opened the cinema as we know it. 8/10
