I just came back to the late night cinema and it was indeed a quiet way out, as most audiences wondered about the real life black-and-white images of the partition, freedom movement, and so on, which resembled many lives. "Our ancestors were facing! Against this background, keep in mind that at that time there was no tel / fax / internet, but the very voice of truth and violence infused the spirit of certain rigorous realities in strict Raj." Gandhi showed hard work In South Africa, who stood for his main ideologies and gave every confidence to spread the same awareness of humility and holiness that he spoke goodbye to the general Smut speech. It was the best prepared speech with subtle humor and hidden danger in the British district of India! when he said that we are praying quietly for British India now that Gandhi, a politician, has been appointed by the Great Indian Family, where there are many children, in the background, we must mention the obviously shared attention and love that had to lure to the psychics of this unfortunate child who was alone to strive for unrealistic ambitions Little Harila knew her abilities and she gets emotionally out of life with little pleasure and fails In front of his father's immense idol, he tries to get away from the mentor ship, which is the basis for all successful successful neighbors on the streets of Gandhi's residence when Harilal opens his frustration. This means that it becomes spiritually weak and becomes psychologically unsuccessful in being forced into religious conversions and alcoholism, debts and disobedience. He had always shown his mother's sincere love through touching scenes, and even Gandhi's humble expression of Haril's forgiveness gave no conclusions in his mind, as he was always afraid of Father, Gandhi. <br /> <br /> could not digest the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him when he waited and referred to the rebellion when he did not realize that his father gave his relatives a scholarship of equal value. he saw an unsuccessful opportunity to study a barrister in England. <br /> <br /> It had to cost him on the streets for begging when all India was holding Indepedence! never changes, what can be, but the way Kasturba & Gandhi's sad death itself is shown brings emotional silence. Finally, the last sign of the deadly Haril, which keeps the audience's grip and contemplates where the father of the nation goes wrong, is shown. Was he smart enough to be spiritually strong to lead one man's army and use his brave soldier-son as a weapon to show the British and rival forces that nothing would come in the interests of the people. though, to read Mahatma's heart, you must live outside your family and see what the emotionally naive harilale didn't see alive inside ... <br /> <br /> Sorry that such naive habitats are still destroying efforts Number of many Mahatma-like fathers Many families in modern life and have taken drugs, alcoholism and God knows what thoughts! Here's the message to all those brave Saints-soldiers you respect the people's father! And luck must be given or else it is a disaster in anticipation, isn't it?
