Was it easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to make Gandhi (1982)? He just talked about the story of a big man who walked on this planet not so long ago. In comparison, director Feroz Abbas Khan has had to be much tougher when he made his debut as a filmmaker to make Gandhi my dad by defeating a shrunk anti-hero against an international hero, both historically true persons, and ironically father and son. Movie events are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived in the way shown in the film, setting high moral standards for the world. Yet, these standards overshadowed the efforts of their oldest son, Harila, to be his father's prestigious lawyer in order to end his education and work in India and thus provide income to his nuclear family. <br /> <br /> The film does not break Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was greater than his family's aspirations. He loved his family and took care of them, although his ideas to attract them were blinded by his idea of ​​caring for the masses. He stood for the equality and dignity of all people, and he felt that his own son gave special unjustified advantages from the point of view of other worthy people he preached. The film looks at an unusual case of parenting, where an idealistic parent brings less than the recruitment of brilliant offspring. <br /> <br /> The film presents an unusual scenario that happened. The son marries his childhood sweetheart, disturbing his father. His father is educating his son's educational endeavors in several key places. The gentle link between the devoted son and the father is interrupted if the son wants to stand on his feet and take care of his nuclear family. Although the father gradually becomes the father of the nation, the son strikes incredibly towards identity and survival. His marriage breaks down and seeks faith in religion, between Islam and Hinduism. Through all his afflictions, his relationship with his mother remains until he beats him into drunkenness. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan is essentially a director in a production that captures the cinema. He wrote and directed Mahatma vs. Gandhi, which had a significant impact on the Indian theater community. The game and the resulting film were based on two lifecycles, one of Chandulal Dalal's and the other Nilamben Parekh's staged game success was the obvious reason why commercial Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor produced this remarkable film. Every time a good director tries to find a cinema, there is evidence that the media does not trust. Peter Brook is a big stage director, but less director than film director. Pictures of Khan's movie open up to a great cinema? The abandoned Harilal Gandhi barely brings to Sion's hospital, Bombay (Mumbai), that his father is Bapu (popular name of Mahatma Gandhi), his father to all the people. The hospital authorities are not familiar with the oldest son of Mahatma Gandhi, who dies in poverty and loneliness. In addition to the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately only presents an excellent story and some excellent exterior images of the father and son who think of the silhouette. The Indian film has high production qualities associated with the lack of interest in detail (the majority of Indian clothes in the film seem dust-free and freshly washed, contemporary hairstyles and even Shefal Shetty play Mohandas Gandhi's wife a century ago with eyebrows), Indian cinema is crazy. As Feroz Khan is a personality of theater, he has made much more effort to work with participants in developing characters rather than cinematographic details, somewhat similar to Sir Attenborough, who is also a Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. Knowing quite well that Gandhi's criticism in any way called for problems, even if there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made a remarkable decision that movie posters were not made available by available heights in India, fearing that some may tear or unintentionally or inadvertently disrespect the poster. <br /> <br /> With a mixture of size and bugs, Gandhi throws a number of questions into my father's viewer. Does a mother-son glue stronger than his father-son between his parents? Is a close family of a person less important than humanity in general? Does a person seek refuge and refuge in alcohol only when there is a reputation for concern? In this film, Harilal runs the spirits accumulated by accidents from one religion to another, while his father quotes the scriptures "forgive them that they do not know what they are doing" when a South African policeman beats and casts off, convincing the value of the faith and persuading others. <br /> <br /> The film won the Best Actress Award at the Shefali Shetty (Shah) International Film Festival in Tokyo and the critics of the Indian Award. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor have worked very well on a sensitive topic and have raised the average performance of the actors' ensemble. I hope that the film's international success paves the way for some capable director to be able to play another glorious Indian film on a day of Girish Karnadi's Tughlaq, which meets international quality standards.
