Feroz Abbas Khani Gandhi My Father, a film that sheds light on Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. The story that is as dramatic as what this film is trying to say is a pity that the director does not know it dramatically. Gandhi My Father has told you a dull lesson of history that makes you fall asleep at school. Now the purpose of the film is to pass one very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi was trying to be a fair person was finally an unfair father. This point has been made several times in the film, and one example of this is the scholarship given to England, which Gandhi twice denies from his son. Instead of showing us exactly how Harila dealt with this betrayal and what happened to her head, the director is just passing through the story, so we will never let us witness a growing annoyance that Harila feels about her father. That's why, when we finally see the outbreak of Harila, it comes out like his overreaction. <br /> <br /> The point I am trying to make here is that we never understand why Harila became a rebel that she did. We never understand why he turned to Islam and then back to Hinduism. The point is that we never understand Harilali at all. And that's why the director of this movie is too busy focusing on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the fight for freedom, most of us already familiar with. Simply put, Gandhi promises My Father to study the tense father-to-son relationship, but it does not show as much as we first set out the cracks in this relationship. We understand that Harila had to live in Gandhi to show us why it was a burden in the beginning. Show us cases of early conflict. For example, it is not enough for Gandhi just to say that he is against Haril's early marriage, tell us why this opposition is? It is not enough for Kasturba to blame her husband for the development of her son - she is constantly being moved between Gujarat and South African schools to change her every time to relocate Gandhi. The words are not enough, show us how these incidents shaped the character of Harilal Gandhi. What's more, instead of keeping up with this weak relationship between Gandhi and Gandhi, the film has too many tangents, thus reducing the central theme. It was never meant to be a film about fighting for independence, but on several occasions this is what seems to be, because the director is almost obliged to take us through all the major events that bring it to a historic moment, even though much of it is irrelevant the main premise of the film - the relationship between the horrid father and the son. So you see that the problem with this movie is not that it's a bad movie, but it's definitely a very confusing film. What happens to Haril's children after his wife's death? Does he ever have a relationship with them? Where do they suddenly disappear after this scene, where we see them at Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions correspond to the film, which is basically intended for the Gandhi family relationship. Feroz Abbas Khani's own version of the tremendously popular feature film directed by Gandhi My Father is disappointing, no questions have been asked. Kinematically, he tries to make the filmmaker's ambition to translate the screen. Practically every scene in one movie opens and closes fade-ins and fade-outs, never quite smoothly with each other. On the positive side, the film has the characteristic devotion you know. The filmmaker makes every effort to provide a balanced narrative, trying hard not to turn to the parties, never to decide whether to father or son, nor to paint or villain. But what the film does is clear that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals could have been shaped by the people, but apparently alienated his family. Only Akshaye Khanna, who seems to have lost the role of lucky Harilal Gandhi, is the film's actor. This is a great performance and it is not easy, because the role includes virtually the entire lifetime of the character. But Akshaye rarely brings innocence and hopelessness to this part and succeeds in Harilali as a ruthless figure. Just look at him in this scene where he discovers his wife's dead, and you understand how much he only passes on body language. Meanwhile, Darshan Jariwala, who plays Gandhi Senior, takes a caratile approach to playing Mahatma in his later years, but it is as he humanises the man in his early years as a barrister in South Africa, which is the best actor's role in this role. Richly talented Shefali Shah plays Kasturba, a woman who is destined to break this father-to-son conflict, but if she is unable to bring that sense of helplessness, it is not so much her fault if it is the fault of a messy script. It's been a lot of effort to make this movie, and it's obvious, but the film bears this inevitable mistake, which is finally what you remember when you leave the cinema - it's just so boring. Director Feroz Abbas Khani Gandhi's father is a sincere effort, but also a film that could have done a much stricter scenario. We learn from the film that Gandhi and Harila made each other very unhappy. And this film is made by our director.
