From very long times we see Gandhi movies. And in most cases, light is always Gandhi as a freedom fighter or depicting principles. But when I heard that a movie was being made that highlights Gandhi as the Father and emphasized his relationship with his Son, it immediately caught my attention because it is one of the least investigated territories because he has had the courage in his darkness and fewer people there. live. Fortunetly, Anil Kapoor (producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (Director) did. <br /> <br /> The story begins with Gandh, who works in South Africa and his relationship with white people and his wife. Latter Akshay (Harilal) joined his father to become a barrister, but his dream took over when his father (Gandhi) brought him (or motivated) him to freedom fighter. This shows that Gandhi believes in practical training rather than formal education. Harilal also tries to walk on her father's walk, but soon failed because her frustration for her wife, children, and her own dream made her way a great success, and then started a failure between her son and father. Eventually, he won his father because of his continued dream and his own conditions. He wrote back to India but started his unsuccessful stories, which over time become bigger and bigger. I'll leave the reader to see the movie to get the story ... <br /> <br /> Performance. First Akshay. He has so far given the best result of his term and is completely convincing in his imagination as Harilal Gandhi. The scene in which he reaches the room where his wife's body is placed is where you see Akshay's hidden / evolving fine actor. Darshan jariwala is also good as MK Gandhi and is able to live as much as being alive. He performed well and quite easily. Shefali Chaya (now Shah) as Kasturba is a great actor and already proved her metal TV series. Bhumika chawla also performed well, but his candidate's actor is in such roles. Other actors are also justified in their performances. <br /> <br /> The technique and make up is also good and cinematography especially is that Duo tone color photography was too good. The costume looks and fits with the context. <br /> <br /> In general, it is worth seeing a movie that is slow to slow and impatient, that it is boring, but gives you an insight into the area that has not been added to the silver screen. . Also, how the story progresses and the association of the scene may take to some people, and especially to critics, but the average filmmaker, like me, is still enough to take me to their place.
