I've been waiting for a long time for such a superhero movie. "Mystery Men" is among its classic comics spoofs on TV like "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and cartoons like "Underdog" and "Super Chicken". The same spirit lives in all these: comic tongue-cheek tone; the courage to struggle with heroic life to ridicule; not so sure that these characters can control their opponents. It is the spark of the weak and ordinary poor burning nobles, which is nice to see that this glow is so high and bright. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Men" opens in the evening home. I wish Kinka Usher had the idea of ​​giving older people more energy and life. As it is, it seems that George Romero could have worked out. We must feel that these old people are as sharp as everyone else, or feel patronizing. By the time the Red Eyes celebrate the festive events, you expect Tom Waits, who plays ladies during his eighties, to play the weapon inventor to stand and shout: "That party needs - a little excitement!" If Writer Neil Cuthbert had any idea, he would have mixed it with Waits against intruders and forced the parties to do the same. It would have brought the embarrassing start and troublesome trio: Shoveler (William Macy); Blue Border (Hank Azaria); and Mr Furious (Ben Stiller) who seem to get out of the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other problems with Mystery Men when I care to go; Among them, the villain Casanova Frankenstein must have both the absurd and the rest of the film's people, and he is not. Geoffrey Rush is the wrong actor in this part; to create a contradiction between good and evil, he must be galvanic over the vertex. And Rush has never issued talent. You are counting on John Lithgow's mature theater "Buckaroo Banzai's Adventures" or Paul Freeman's dry dusk, "the lost ship in Raiders". Instead of what we get, there is a pasty; something that is half-baked and not fully realized. <br /> <br /> Too many ideas that pass through "Mystery Men" so that everyone can properly link them and this can be the deepest problem. But any confusion is what I love. Ben Stiller has always felt that he is playing his role. It is not an exception, but he is going to believe that you do not feel that he has learned something about comedy growing in a household led by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His Roy is associated with all the highly sensitive and chronic types that Woody Allen did. And is it going on his journey under the pretext of a waitress in his favorite hangout (sleek Claire Forslan) or interviewing the wisdom of his superhero (Wes Stud as Sphynx) or giving his "elite" group to a new member (Jeaneane Garofalo in what is probably his funny moments on the screen) It's a hard time to look. I couldn't say exactly that he was "Mait something about Mary". <br /> <br /> Jeaneane Garofalo demonstrates that she should have been "One True Thing", not Renee Zellweger. I don't think I've ever seen funny exchanges between her daughter and father (okay so she's dead and her skull is in a bowling ball, so dig me) in the movies. And the funny part of this part is that it seems Emily Watson's spellbinding talks with God "breaking the waves" is a screwball. And in this version, the girl does not die, and the clocks do not speak to your head. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy makes something very difficult; he's doing tough magnets. You realize immediately what attracted Jenifer Lewis to Lucille Eddie. You can also understand his irritation. The grill alone would be enough to drive over the edge, but if Eddie's divine, half-breed son looks at his father and says, "I believe you, Dad." what Lucille sighs and shouts, "Roland, don't encourage your father," you feel like standing and proclaiming Neil Cuthbert as a first-rate spirit. <br /> <br /> Hank Azaria (whose only note in the movie until that time was "The Birdcage" on his bare back) and Louise Lasser (Have you been more than two decades since we first noticed his "Bananas" and "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman?") son and mother sharing affection for silver; Greg Kinnear as Captain Amazing and Ricky Jay as his publicist; Kel Mitchell as an "invisible boy"; Paul Reubens as "Spleen"; and Lena Olin, who, if she doesn't have a few features on this film, seems to be visiting a set.
