Director Kinka Usher stays with his credo, "Play it straight and they laugh" and is crafted with excellent casting, which should become the "Mystery Men" movie all the time. When the evil villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from the spiritual body, he hits the local superhero, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear) and threatens to take over Champion City, three unwanted super heroes, Mr Furious), Shoveler (William H. Macy) and The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) is coming to rescue. But Frankenstein has joined many underworlds and has become a terrifying opponent. Trio realizes that help is needed and decide to recruit; What they end up experiencing is more than an unforgettable team of "super heroes" who have ever accumulated in cinema history. Mr Furious has his own rage; Shoveler, his scoop; Blue Raja captures silver (mainly forks and a spoon, but never a knife); the invisible boy (Kel Mitchell) can become invisible until no one looks; The Spins (Wes Studi), a heavy southern hitter, is very mysterious and can break halfway with his senses. May be; Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) is able to let the ball dead; and the spleen (Paul Reubens) carries flatulence that can prevent the whole room. It's a brilliant piece of ensemble that laughs without being terribly played or puberty. The dialogue is witty and the presentations by Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are many memorable, fun scenes, especially where they throw the pool party and barbecue to recruit, and arrange interviews with the amazing collection of applicants; and the other, at the bar, when Bowler has a conversation with his long-dead father whose skull is implanted in his bowling ball. However, the most fun must be when the team tries to save the captain Amazing. But these are just examples, because the whole movie consists of one fun scene after another, with a subtle humor that keeps you laughing and thinking over it for a long time. The real secret of this success is that Usher keeps it all real; inter-character relations are true and the whole concept of "superhero" is perfectly reasonable, which gives some credibility to the whole procedure. In this world, Mr Furious and the rest of his aspirations are persistent, and Usher keeps a smile without ever looking for strokes or mere visual disturbances. Strong supporters are Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (Blue Raja's mother), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille) and Pras (Tony C.). "Mystery Men" is a truly inspired film that can be seen over and over again, ensuring a new look that is guaranteed. In the immortal words of the Sphinx: "We are number one! All others are number two or lower. 'Is this an Oscar-worth movie? Hardly; but with good time and lots of laughter you treat yourself to this masterpiece of comedy this is the real thing and you will not regret it. I appreciate this one 10/10.
