I saw "Mystery Men" on my 1999 birthday when I was on vacation. When I returned home, I went to see it again. Remember, I was twelve, but at that time it was the coolest movie. I even collected very rare performance indicators (I have everything except the Bowler, which is the hardest to find. They made Mr. Furious, Shoveler, Blue Race, Spear and Captain Amazing when you were thinking. There is an indicator of William H. Macy's action!) . I've been following it many times over the years, and it's still my favorite, mainly because of my childhood memories. This is not a perfect film, but it definitely deserves another look and perhaps culture. <br /> <br /> Story: A bunch of low-level super heroes will save the day. It was executed again in mediocre, direct-video-chair "The Specials". But this is another end of the spectrum: a big budget (big budget, almost $ 100 million I think) studio comedy. Yes, the consequences are overwhelmed, and big sets and great product development are a bit more about weighing the plot. But don't think it's stupid, special effects and superhero movie - it's PARODY. They fight the villain named Cassanova Frankenstein, people. He has a psychobraculator, no matter what it is (it's a day of the day, he's taking over the world, yada yada.) And the resident superhero Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear, with a nice touch of commercial product logos on his costume) is kidnapped. Time for mystery for men: Mr Furious (Ben Stiller, getting mad), Shoveller (William H. Macy, winning people with shovels), Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, British, throwing forks), The Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, bowls), Invisible Boy ( Kel Mitchell, guess what he does), Spleen (big Paul Reubens, farts) and Sphynx (Wes Studi, cutting arms with their senses, I'm not kidding). The rest of the fantastic characters include Geoffrey Rush as Cassanova, Lena Olin heavily delivered as Cassanova's bride and the only Tom Waits as a crazy arms dealer. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush, there are four Oscar candidates (and one winner) and Tom freakin 'Waits! However, this is not perfect. It's too long and here and there are some cornices (full of shovels). Dialogue definitely outweighs the physical comedy that is sometimes incomplete (there is a man who farts for his power, the case is closed). The dialogue is definitely highlighted, the cyclic troubles of the sphinx, the metaphors mixed by Mr Furious, and so on. This is a totally funny movie (it makes almost forget that it was a movie that lets Smashmouth "All Star" let the film go wrong with the critics and the audience as it should have. The Flaming Carrot "comics. Flaming Carrot was a planned sequel that I believe), but it did not succeed in the box. It could have been hard to sell with a superhero comedy boy" There's something about Mary. "It could also have been that it appeared on the same Day 2 as "The Sixth Sense", which ended with the biggest blow in August, and "The Thomas Crown Affair." Two other misprinted classics appeared on the same crowded weekend, strangely - "Dick" and "Iron Giant." but it was soon forgotten. Unfortunately, comedian Jeffrey Ross commented on Ben Stiller, a comedian at the comedy center Jerry Stiller: "I saw" Mystery Men "and I fired MY agent." Then Ben is seen in the mouth, "I have to." Don't listen to her. Give the "Mystery Men" a chance.
