You know that the people in the movie are against the royal rocks falling from the clear blue sky. In fact, the weather in this atmosphere thriller remains quite bad and only lawyer Chamberlain is the answer. But he is too much of a European rider that I am contacting with the inner nature that reveals itself only through dreams. Already he had proven his ability to flirt with other dimensions of Picnic in Hanging Rock (1975). Here is the lovely world of Australian Aborigines, facing the dominant white world. There is something strange in the Aboriginal community when they kill one of their numbers for no apparent reason. Yuppie's lawyer Chamberlain should defend them in a white man's court. But the more he looks at things, the more mysterious things he can and the more interested the strange old aboriginal man. And then these are the dreadful dreams that come and go odd times. <br /> <br /> A well-structured scenario worsens interest throughout. One of the reasons the film works is the background standard of Chamberlain's wife and her little daughters. Target audiences can easily identify them. And when their little world reaches beyond the usual limits, normalism begins to hit and we feel that the worlds will collide. Chamberlain humiliates the whole, especially the underground discovery trip, where I think he should have shown more growing awareness than he does. After all, it is the mask that keeps the key (I believe) to the mystery, but its reaction does not reveal revelation. Of course, the modest concept of nature is now, to some extent, thirty years later. In the film, the concept is packed in a lot of fun hocus-pocus, but the subject itself remains narrative. One of the ways to highlight the central irony of the film is the symbolism of the scene. Large white SUV barrels that went to the Aboriginal family, leaving them a historical dust. The landscape looks like a reservation of interior tribes, which is not of particular importance to the coastal meat industry where the industry lives. But it is also the area that is most likely to live like a destructive last wave. Maybe there's something to think about the past and the future. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is really a good movie that will probably stay with you.
