Spoilers I loved later collections and further, but I wish I got the last season on DVD. Unfortunately, the last thing I got was the first college season. Still teenagers were sweet; although they focused much on magic, they also made the character that teenagers could associate with deforming teenage struggles and divorced families. This exhibition was very innocent; they did not get into the problems of sick teenagers, such as sex and drugs, but they couldn't push it to fit. left the nest. The older episodes were lovely, but it was just as good to see him (not really a teenage witch) but an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan; they were so talented! In earlier episodes, the aunts were great actors, but they were so strict, kind and loving, but they treated her as a small child in some sense, but not in every sense. I mean they justified him with every little mistake he made to his magic, I mean let him learn his mistakes once! That was what I liked about college episodes; he was able to learn from his own mistakes without being justified; it was annoying. Don't put Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and perfect for Sabrina with her Perky personality. I liked the last episode where he married Harve, but as someone else said, it would have been nice to see what happened after. I think I believe it is clear that they were married; where else would they have dropped their wedding dress? But I would have wanted to see it. I thought they wanted to leave the viewer to decide, but not with the spoon that fed us like most comedies do. Someone said they could have shown that they were getting married and attending school, but they have already graduated from college. Sabrina had a great job for the magazine and I think Harvey was a good job because he lived in a nice apartment that we only see at the end, but they never say what he does. As a child, they always talk about not wanting to be a father's destroyer. When Sabrian moved into the house for the season, they never explain how it happened. In fact, there are many examples that are not explained, but I thought it should be to leave it to us and give it a mystery. Before moving Sabrina and her friends to the house, they show Hilda's marriage and the whole spell that reaches Zelda's child. Hilda comes back in the last episode (and Zelda is there in some other way, but Beth is not in the episode), but they don't show Zelda's husband and they didn't happen like they're kids? Maybe they didn't want too much to happen in one episode. I also liked Hart's sister who played her corrupted cousin! He was a beautiful and great actor and it was interesting to see that he has grown up! I believe it has been six years since the show was out of the air! I still love repetitions! I also don't know if anyone noticed it, but in the earlier episodes, the city was named Westbridge (I think it was the city that was to be close to Salem), but in later episodes they don't mention the name of the city, which is considered Westbridge, and I think they call it Boston if it is not exactly where it worked. I also wanted to add, I found an episode of "Wild Wild Sabrina" where he was taught the importance of the rules to be offensive. He was 18 years old and too old to be grounded; I would be offended if my parents grounded me 18. And I think that while an 18-year-old can confuse how he did, they must learn the consequences themselves. I think 18 they know the rules are important.
