I have this movie on DVD, and it must have been watching it thirty times now. I really need to love it, right? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> I was surffer in my life before and I loved sports. By now, I'm happy to surf. Riding a Giants is a lot, and so I'm a weird thing. But I certainly have some bones to do with it. (Peralta, are you listening?). <br /> <br /> First, the film has too little faith in its subject. Cutting and editing waves is such that most of them are corrupted. Very few waves are shown from start to finish. Peralta seems to be dependent on hyperkinetic, cut and pace method. It gets particularly bad in the middle of the Mavericks spot in Northern California. No wave will end in the end. Almost all of the Mavericks (one-third of the movie) is the jarring of clips with the same jarring soundtrack. I understand that the impact that Peralta has been trying to achieve with Mavericks is a place where there is a really frightening blend of bone-breaking waves cutting the cold open ocean, but it goes too far. Mavericks aren't just a bad acidic trip. Waves run there even with great performances. Some of them would have been good to see. If Peralta thinks it is a big sport (and I'm sure he does it), why does he insist that this topic be so much disturbed? Sometimes editing is unlikely to reduce the film. There is one quick clip on Hawaii, which I still do not understand. Even if I move this DVD slowly, the picture is too fast to be deciphered. It must be a couple of frames with a length of max. <br /> <br /> Second, are the boys who ever knew this thing underestimated? It is especially difficult to see the version of the narrated directors on the DVD. These boys sound like two girls in the upper valley. The same mood appears in the main production. Every thing is always so outraged "amazing" and so on. Particularly one sign is simply unpleasant - Sam George, the editor of Surfer Magazine, who practically pits his pants every time he has something to say. He's a super-film movie. <br /> <br /> This movie has a huge amount of effort. I want to say that in order to get old movies, and also all interviews. The film is a great story and I think it's generally entertaining entertainment. Thematically, this is well-designed, with Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton at the heart of the three sections. There are still photography uses that are phenomenal. The directors' story says it is a new type of 3D technology and it really works. The three main characters appear in both interviews and water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He rises to the top of his sport so I've only seen Michael Jordan in basketball. And his father's meeting is also a pearl. It really touched me. <br /> <br /> It's just that the movie could have been so much. The last part of the movie, when the credit is rolled out, gives a hint of what it might have been. There are some beautiful panoramic waves with a great soundtrack. (The soundtrack of the second movie is garbage, although you may like it when you're a fan of a modern, fierce rock school.) Anyway, my two cents ...
