"Film Noir" is a superfluous expression when describing films. The drama of every crime seems to be a "noir". But "Where the pavement ends" is really a good example of what the genre is all about. <br /> <br /> Very briefly, a diligent detective (Andrews) kills a no-goodie who works for mobiles. Slaughter has been accused by a father (Tom Tully), whom Andrews wife meets and falls (Tierney). To save his father from the old Spark, Andrews hits the rest of the mob and takes himself in. A morally guilty policeman guides the impulses of the past. His father was a thief who was killed, trying to get out of prison. But it does not excuse her after she accidentally got into a self-defense. He immediately goes to the phone to report the incident, but he hesitates. She is already in the hot water department and can end her career. Then the phone just rings at the wrong moment. This is Andrew's partner and Andrews tells him they are not at home. He hides the body and destroys it later, bothering the guard and breaking the body in the river. <br /> <br /> What motivates a man to do something so stupid? Okay. His work was in danger. But now he's committed to several generations. At least I think they have to be multiple. I read obstructing justice, attacking, disposing of the body without permission, garbage, first-rate moping, and false testimony against your neighbor. <br /> <br /> Finally, we do not know whether or not Andrews root. The suspect did not deserve death, but it was after the accident, because Andrews did not know he was a hero of war and "had a silver plate." Perhaps it is such an ambiguity that otherwise made it such as characteristic lighting. If noir is nothing but black and white photography, murder, criminals, mystery and suspicious women, then we must include all Charlie Chan films under this heading. <br /> <br /> Andrews is a beautiful good. He's some Mark MacPherson ("Laura") who's gone bitter. She never laughs and rarely smiles at Gene Tierney's restaurant room, which can make many men smile. He has no sense of humor at all. His few carts are hopes. When he falls into the stool and stoolie says, "Careful. I almost hit my head," is Andrews' dashes. "That's okay. At times, Andrews may seem like wood, but it is a role that requires a stubborn and humorous decision and he does it well. His playing is ideal for this part. Small twitches or flashes of your thoughts and emotional state. And I think the director Otto Preminger stopped him from announcing the ball "BOO-let" and the police as "POE-filling". I've never been able to understand Gene Tierney. He fills the model of Tom Tully's daughter, but he's like Marilyn Monroe, because you can't separate the isolated manicisms from real personality traits. Did Tierney actually have such an innocent, almost saintly person? When he answered home on the phone, did his voice have the same song quality on the screen? Poor Tierney went through some bad psychiatric things before there were effective medications for bipolar disorder. And Andrews, a nice guy, though he seems to be, slipped into alcoholism before finally recovered and public service announcements did. <br /> <br /> Peter Muller's DVD commentary is modest, informed and sometimes fun. Anyway, this is a good movie and a good example of a movie poet. Good guys are not all good, though bad guys are all bad. Maybe it makes the ambiguity instead of the popcorn movie an adult image. Only one shot is released to the childhood and no one explodes. Sorry.
