???? The Turkish sequel to the 50's New York movie, which must be a hint of something! Something that curiously hasn't been mentioned by anyone in the previous comments, but it seems to me that this is essential for understanding the film. <br /> <br /> The order of the Turkish saunas: the back of the night, the entrance to the gentle sauna and the Scalis packed page, massaging your thighs. Steve, the masseur is a young unprocessed boxer (Beefcake!) Type and another guy, bodyguard? finishes the dressing. Dixon obviously hates what he sees there and starts to get rough. We know he has a reputation for tightening suspects. Good cop, but easy to control. Why does he hate them so much? <br /> <br /> Maybe he hates himself. Did she own her father? Is it the dark side that can lead him to the gutter at the end of the sidewalk? What if that dark side covered the "cabinet"? Remember: if Dixon answers Scalise (3 times), the boy will lie on the bed and he will only have men around the company. / / <br /> Scalise acts funny: behaviors influenced by shifting his neck superficially, defying by moving the inhaler (poppers) into his nostrils every time he talks to Dixon. Dixon, with revenge, is bent on Scalise, who seems to not understand, "I've never seen such a hateful man like you. I find it almost humorous, how did you come for me alone." Four years jumped on me like I would be someone special! Why? Because "Scalise" is someone special: he is a direct heir to Dixon's father, "Your dad liked me," "Your father put me in business." He stands as a criminal of Dixon, embodies it on his dark side and upstairs, prefers his men's company, Dixon knows it well: "Who killed him (Paine)? You or one of your playmates?" Playmates! Note how each time they meet, Dixon manhandles Scalise: he chooses the address book from his jacket, strikes his face, strikes him. Scalise: "I warn you not to touch!" Homophobia of Dixon is obvious. Or put it different: his unexpressed homosexuality. Dixon, the son of Dixon, is a thief, son. In response, he decided to become a police officer, but he is a criminal, a dark side: he is a violent copper, a murderer, a liar, and he is not married, brings a "dizziness" to his everyday acquaintance, but nothing else. The waitress shouts that he doesn't know how to love a woman, and Dixon has a deep sense of guilt and hates himself for these reasons. "Hood and mobster like his old man. Blood says." Finally, Dixon decides to sacrifice himself to achieve redemption: when he gets his ego-ego Scalise to kill him, he frees himself of guilt and also releases the girl and his father. <br /> The end of the movie brings us back to the opening queue: Scalis pushed into the gutter and Dixon deserves the right to walk on the sidewalk and loves love. <br /> A theme without a movie message can be good if a man who wants to experience his love (Jean Douchet) to cover his repressed feelings < br /> <br /> (These comments owe much to the commentary on the Jean Douchet movie by CarlottaI on French DVD
