"When the pavement ends (1950)", the names on the sidewalk of Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys will open up appropriately, as there is dirty water between the sewer grates. On the sidewalk, does it represent respect, honesty and morality? Only rumps and criminals walk in the gutter. But even the most respectable men sometimes have a tendency to go wrong and when a steep stops abruptly, it is sometimes impossible to avoid footwear moisture. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the gutter, his father is a professional criminal, and has spent all his life on his way back to the pavement, permanently balanced by a curb. As a police detective, Dixon does nothing but show his father's deficiency and honesty, but he has a mean value that he can't get. When his quick temper is suspected of murder, Dixon finds that he has become a father whom he despised, a cheap criminal who deceives and lies to cover his crime. <br /> <br /> 'Where the sidewalk ends' was the only movie that united Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney, and director Otto Preminger (1944), although these two films didn't go any further. If the earlier picture had a strong intimacy of rustic murder, this film is more common than sharp urban police drama. Given his devastatingly memorable results such as Laura Hunt, it is unfortunate that Tierney is extremely underestimated here, occupying a pretty, helpless, romantic, typical niche, as he did in Jules Dassini's The Night and the City (1950)}}. Andrews, on the other hand, has rarely been better off by displaying a strong and tortured anger that I did not expect. Gary Merrill is a terrible offender like the criminal boss of Scalise, but he doesn't seem to be enough for that role, and I think the actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown's "The Big Combo (1955)" would be better off; I didn't know it, but Conte appeared just one year earlier in Preminger 'Whirlpool (1949).' <br /> <br /> Tensions like Dixon is trying to cover his accidental crime are completely riveting? definitely among the steepest sequences of your era? although I feel that the situation has not yet been fully exploited. The taxi driver is the only person who could have firmly identified Dixon as an offender, but Preminger rushed to Dixon stairs quickly. If the witness had been introduced when Dixon once again made his own movements outside the apartment entrance, we could have been real fireworks. And why didn't the taxi driver's certificate immediately release Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) from the suspicion of murder? Such contradictions as they obscure the otherwise excellent Ben Hecht scenario, which infuses its harsh criminals with the crippled police and clever crackdowns. Andrews is an embarrassing and outrageous lawmaker who is rarely better off, at least equal to Robert Ryan's 'On Dangerous Ground' (1952).
