Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews), a New York police officer, is a man who has to deal with his demons on a daily basis, along with the usual ups and downs of everyday life. The burden of his internal struggle and the intense hatred of his criminals makes him make serious mistakes in the judgment and does not recognize the need for the code of conduct to be followed by the wrong side. . He has experienced suspected and known criminals with brutality and has led him to a conflict with his senior officers who have condemned him for his regular use of violence. Dixon cannot limit these demands to his own extreme and irrational hatred against all criminals. He is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal and has had a great need to live up to his father's reputation and to avoid many people having low expectations. <br /> <br /> When abundant Texan is murdered after an evening of gambling led by the gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned a case. Scalise is told by Dixon Commander Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden) that the victim was accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney) and that Paine murdered. Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and doubts a suspect who is both inebriated and refused to cooperate and Paine hits him, Dixon retaliates and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon leaves the body in a nearby river. Paine's husband was questioned and after describing what had happened to Scalise, he added that his father had gone to Paine's apartment later that evening to talk to him that he had returned to face bruising. Paine had previously attacked him several times and his father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), had threatened to win Paine when it happened again. This information leads to Taylor's arrest and accused of murder. No one accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalis killed Texan and then killed Paine to remove him. <br /> <br /> Dixon continues to make various attempts to convince Scalise, but finally realizes that the only way to successfully achieve his goal is to write a confession about his own role in Paine's death and cover. He does this and also points out that he is going alone against Scalise so that the police can arrest a gangster for Dixon's murder. Resistance to Scalise and the possible means by which Dixon achieves his redemption will give this sharp thriller a firm and appropriate conclusion. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews' tense and expressive expressions express her character in a steady and calm way when she deals with a number of accidents involving and monitoring Paine's accidental death. However, Dixon is not the only one who experiences an accident as Morgan, a successful model losing its job because of all the problems surrounding it. His father, who was awarded a diploma to assist the police a few years ago, unfairly accuses him of not having committed a crime. Ken Paine, a hero of the war, had experienced unemployment and loss of self-esteem, leading to alcoholism and beating of the woman, and Scalis, whom Dixon's father founded in business, also suffers from accidents. <br /> <br /> "Where the pavement ends" is a profoundly engaging story that includes interesting and versatile characters and the main character who is the absolute personalization of moral ambiguity.
