The fascination of Otto Preminger's magnificent, visionary film is that it has ambiguous intentions that betray a gloomy character to the central character who is still bothered by the shadow of his criminal father. Dana Andrews driven, honestly policeman has been shown to be a remote, irrational, and destructive person who may be changing because he may have found a good woman to take care of him. The troubled person restores himself with his confusion about the thoroughness of the impression. The stylish mood that the story of Ben Hecht's story has turned into another stroke gives Andrews a tense performance, as Preminger appropriately saturates the film with a prosaic style. We don't see or listen to the city at night; we know it because Preminger allows us to see and hear even the most distant and distant factors. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews presents a complex character that opens up through her violence and hatred that always infects her. When the plot develops, it is secretly caught up in the scene, but it renews outside the actions that can be seen in the visceral facial expressions of the protagonist of the vintage noir before he performs them. <br /> <br /> The specific stage of genre development is the tempting, wild and shady film of the movie, placed in the underworld's dual weather climate, where the hero is so alienated that he is always rage and even if he loses his rational resistance, the principle of work and ethical limits, he is still a good cop. Preminger simply denounces the drama of a social heartworm in a spoiled city image, rather holding the thriller Andrews on the existential journey of personal consequences for a man with a fixation of Oidipal, who is increasingly loose. - a decrease in the legal impact on his side and an inadvertent understanding of the right and wrong. <br /> <br /> Companies produced in the early 1950s drew a picture of the social problem and made a small budget, low-risk thrillers like this, apparently trying to avoid conservative critics and social bus connections. But Preminger's unmatched approach is expressive. She injects every scene into a daily drama as a background. Every supporting character has to draw his weight by doing something interesting, but none of them are cartoons or a depressing comic relief. For him, every character thinks he is a star that is confirmed by Karl-Malden's missionary police inspector and veteran-speaker of the lunch counter. Those are the stars --- Andrews and Gene Tierney, both of whom are struggling with their senseless attempt to lower their emotional intensity --- who doesn't want to be.
