Otto Preminger, who graduated from Twentieth Century Fox, merged his "Laura" with this sharp, sharp detective drama. Dana Andrews once again represents the police, but this time he is tempered, cynical, and his boss has accused him of brutality - "You don't hate hoods, you liked to win!" Mark Dixon (Andrews) despises the criminals because his father was a cramp. She doesn't want to be a "Sandy Dixon child" so she became a policeman, but her methods are harsh and hateful. Investigating one night of murder he knowingly strikes a suspect, Ken Paine (Craig Stevens), so hard that he is killing. Shaking Dixon does his best to cover it up, intending to attack the hate of the crime, Scalise (Gary Merrill). Meanwhile, Paine's-in-law, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), whose daughter, department store model Morgan Taylor (Tierney), is alienated from her husband, but remains in her gambling plans. Paine had hit her wife, giving her father a joy that showed her son in the apartment, but not until Dixon had left with her body. Jiggs is arrested and charged for better suspects. <br /> <br /> Mark is guilty of charges, Mor falls and gives money to a lawyer. He decides to take Scalise anyway, but leaves a letter to his department in the event of his death, acknowledging everything. Finally, he cannot live with the knowledge he has done and promises to read his letter as his boss and Morgan. Despite all the tragic circumstances, Morgan knows his love for Mark and waits for him. Noir-historian Eddie Mueller makes comments and does a good job, but I find that his claim that the audience would not be of importance for casting two wires because Laura was made six years earlier. In this regard, he has been mistaken because they had appeared on the Iron Curtain two years before the WTSE and the movie was a box-office success. <br /> <br /> Andrews and Tierney were fabulous together and Ruth Donnelly is a huge comic relief as restaurant owner Martha, relieving flames between detective and dame. Night cityscape gives the film a threatening air. Gary Merrill is great as a low-life Scalis, who had a criminal past with Dixon's father ("Your dad liked me," he says). Karl Malden and the young Neville Brand are also terrible. And Tom Tully has just touched and funny like Morgan's unfairly accused pop.
