I'm a big fan of movie, and this Otto Preminger movie is just one of the best I've ever seen! Preminger has joined two of his stars to hit "Laura" - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, which is a completely different criminal movie. Laura is based on love and is based on hatred; when we look at the police detective Mark Dixon, a copper who is already under the control of his bosses for his heavy-handed tactic, accidentally killing the suspect and trying to report the murder to a well-known criminal; man by the name of Tommy Scalisi. The plot is excellently worked out and Preminger perfectly balances multiple plot points; but it all comes back to the main moral meaning surrounding our main character. The fact that the film is under the criminality means that the plot will be a great base for work, and director Otto Preminger will draw a life of life professionally, showing the main characters' gambling, beating each other (and their women), taking pictures and more - and it will also help to compensate for the earlier Laura movie, which was a high class in society. <br /> <br /> Mark Dixon's role gives Dana Andrews some of the most interesting parts of his career. Here we have a character that is hard to feel like cold - but the fact that we understand its motives ensures that it makes sense and allows the audience to combine their situation. The development of characters is well timed and as we follow this character and his motivations in the film; everything is expedient. His co-star is beautiful Gene Tierney, who hasn't done so much in this film when he was Laura; a film that made Tierney its main line. He does well what he's got, and chief chemistry is great and Tierney helps to stop every event he's on. I can't say it's a better film than the one before; this is a tough act to follow, but this film definitely fits better with the film's Noir formula than Preminger's earlier film. The film also has a good comparison for Laura; Since almost everything in this movie is the opposite of the 1944 movie, it's all strangely familiar. Recommended for everyone!
