At first glance, it seems natural to compare the walkways to Laura. Both have unpleasant features, both being directed by Otto Preminger and both by Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But most of the comparisons are over. Laura dealt with sophisticated and sophisticated people who confused the murder. When the pavement ends in completely different layers. These are people who barely have two nickel rubbish who are used to seeing the underworld of society as a costume party. When the pavement ends there is a sharp film full of desperate people who solve their problems with a fist or some other weapon. In a small time, the hood is a fine dozen and the police routinely attack the confessions. The seizure of murder seems as natural as breathing. Although I haven't seen all my work I've seen, Dana Andrews gives one of her best performances to the policeman, Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon. He is a police officer who is used to hardening local hoods when he receives information or confession. One night he goes too far and kills a person by chance. He does his best to cover it. But things become complicated when he falls against a dead man, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes a suspect in a murder. Because Morgan's father means him to the world, Dixon has to do what he can to erase the old man without affecting himself. <br /> <br /> Technically, where the pavement ends, is outstanding. In addition to Andrews' fantastic performance, the film always has a pleasant Tierney. It has a quality that can make even the most outstanding moments brighter. The rest is as confident as Tom Tully is the wrongly accused father. In addition to acting, the direction, kits, lighting and cinema are all top-notch. In general, it is an amazingly well done film. <br /> <br /> If I have one complaint (and it is very small, very small), it is that Tierney is almost perfect for his role and his surroundings. It is a bit difficult to believe that such a woman can find himself confused with some unpleasant characters. It's not really his fault, it's just the way Tierney comes in. She looks a little too beautiful, polished and delicate. But his gentle, kind, trusting nature adds a sense of realism to his imagination.
