Where the pavement ends, Otto Preminger reconnects Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, hopefully re-establishing Laura's magic. But they are wildly different films placed in different layers of New York (not to mention the opposite sides of the Noir universe). Fine Misty Gothic Horses in Laura's Good Manhattan, with erotic obsession and weakened necrophilia; Where the pavement ends, there is a clean urban soot and a café in the city of basement apartments, steam baths and parking spaces. <br /> <br /> But this is a bit as good a film as his revered forerunner and dyed -wool noir (Laura, on the other hand, one of the 1944 movie clutches, the French first called "noir") was still a very difficult murder mystery. Daylight enters only a very temporary suffering, and photographer Joseph LaShelle is best suited for alleys and brown stones, docks and El. This is the main metropolis - especially the great Apple - noir, like many others since the 1950s, such as Side Street and Sleeping City and Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom. <br /> <br /> When you open the movie, police detective Dana Andrews is in a brutal way, especially towards his offender, Gary Merrill (whom we learned to establish Andrews' ne'er-do-well father). If the Merrill-driven floating nonsense game is pushed to death, then Andrews will be a witness, causing him a deadly skull (deteriorating the steel plate mounted on the head of the veteran). Realizing that his work is already on the line, Andrews throws the body of the river after he sees that the suspect has taken the powder. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is far from it. The body is discovered, his alienated wife turns out to be Tierneyks, and all the evidence begins to turn to her father (Tom Tully), a hacker who happened not only to drive the same average streets during the murder night but has enough reason to want her abusive son to be dead. But the lonely lonely Andrews finds Tierney's invitation to his better nature; he tries to release his father while retaining his involvement in the secret of the whole secret business .... <br /> <br /> Not as epigrammatic as Laura, the script where the pavement ends (Ben Hecht) peculiarity (second dress, his boss) says to Andrews, "Look at you - everything pulled up like a barrelhouse fag"). <br /> <br /> But when Laura's attention was paid by more than half a dozen characters, here Andrews is the only focus (even Tierney's role is much less central than his half-spectral Laura). And Andrews may never point out his achievements here. It is narrow and quiet, but never more pronounced than when his face records the enthusiasm that his own stubbornness has brought to him. He is a pent-up sufferer who can only get rid of the violence through a safety valve (he even lashes against his loyal partner Bert Freed). Surely he finds the way of redemption too quickly when his beautiful co-star represents. But it was the style of the times and the sweetened end that does not damage this New York story of violence, corruption and the citizens of the city.
