We're far from LAURA. Once again, Otto Preminger leads, Dana Andrews marks the police under the name of Detective Mark, and Gene Tierney is her strangely beautiful woman, but nothing else, where SIDEWALK ENDS resembles the mystery of all her favorite technological murders. Instead of a pleasantly quoted dialogue, we get sharp and harrowing realism. Although the earlier film took place at the superb bodies of New York society, we are here to rent a small area of ​​dark streets, hoodlums, cheap restaurants and alarming apartments. Tierney, proud of ever, is now working as a mannequin in a department store and living in Washington Heights (next door neighbor who once became a fox fur LAURA Mark McPherson). This time, Andrews Mark Dixon, the older, sader, worrying version of a cool policeman in a ditch cabin. <br /> <br /> WHERE SIDEWALK ENDS belongs to the genre of genres, the movies are brutal in the police, focusing on policemen who are unable to control their violent impulses. Like DETECTIVE STORY, the character of Kirk Douglas, Dixon is indignant with his father's criminal past. If Douglas is in itself fair and blind for his mistakes, Andrews is burdened with repressed guilt and self-sensitivity. He accidentally kills the suspect and covers his actions, trying to throw a doubt at the slippery gangster (Gary Merrill) whom he has been trying for years. Instead, the driver of the cab is kindly suspected because he is the father of a stranger to a deceased man and a father of abused spouse Morgan (Gene Tierney). Dixon, who loves a dead man's wife, desperately tries to save his father without losing himself. <br /> <br /> Among the main characters of the young girls, Dana Andrewse was such a difference: she couldn't appear. Even if he plays the middle Joe, as he usually did, he is always unusually sensitive and sensitive; more than the fact that his atmosphere is too thoughtful for his convenience, gives him a haunting and haunting quality that was his character as an actor. He played ordinary boys, policemen and soldiers, but always with a tragic downfall to see and feel too much. His conscientious heroes are characterized by exhaustion, guilt, inability to "ease". No other actor could have been so good at expressing bottle feelings, anger, burning pain, the painful intelligence of Mark Dixon. He also has a silent tenderness, damping heat and even funny humor that makes him heartbreaking. It appears when he takes Morgan's restaurant, where he is regular, and for the first time we see this cold, brutal man who trades the insult of the pill with a waitress whose sarcasm cannot hide his affection and concern for him. When Dixon asks his partner to get money to become a lawyer for Morgan's father, he will supply it even when they recently claimed, and Dixon hit him. There are no words about loyalty or the knowledge that he is a good man, but we can see it all in a man's upset silence and his wife's resignation when he handles some jewelery to a pawn. Dixon's goodness rises through the reactions of other people to him as much as Andrew's deep movement. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews was a minor, she may be the forty most important man. He passes through some movies that hardly subdue his mantle; With this tiny, mid-century silhouette, further reinforced by fedora, bourbon glass, a cigarette that he can't speak when he speaks, he sees imprisonment in the masculine ideal of strength and instability. While many dudes are romanticizing a double hard guy, WHERE SIDEWALK ENDS offers unevenness from the reality behind the facade, a harrowing and melancholic study of the roots and consequences of violence. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Andrews was undervalued in his own time (he was the only one of the three main masters of the YEAR OF THE YEAR who did not apply for the Academy Award, although his low-profile performance is more convincing than Frederic Marchi hammy, Oscar winning drunk). Fortunately, Andrews appeared on some film that secured his immortal state, and now this little-known film, containing his best productions, is seen as a marvelous set of Fox Film Noir. This series, including several previously published titles (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), suggests that Twentieth-Century-Fox may have been the best of all the major studios when it came to the film noir.
