George Cukor drives this high-quality story in the theater world with his usual sensitive but firm touch. The presentation by Ronald Colman, which served him an Oscar, still persists, despite some misguided moments? it is hard to forget your haunting face when it is trying purposefully around social functions and trying to find meaning in your life. There are several interesting sub-sectors and Cukor is doing a great job of making them clear without forcing too much. The manuscript by Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant, mixing the rare world of theater with the streets world and using the elements of Shakespeare's "King Lear" thoroughly, referring to both the main theme of the film and jealousy and Colman's obsession with identity. <br /> <br /> There are many interesting things about this movie? superficially, it may be unduly rejected when dealing with the daily problems of participants. In other words, if the art of action requires such complete sublimation from individuality, then we will soon have to hit the psycho-participants who stand in the streets. But I do not believe that the main concern of this story is to act or to work / art yourself. I think Anthony's struggles represent a broader existential issue, a deeply buried uncertainty about identity. I feel like you have the key with my former husband Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he would never have received or would have been a good actor without his inspiration. And at the second point, he explicitly says that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married. I'm not sure what to do about it, but it seems to me important, especially since it's her obsession with her and her jealousy that eventually pushes her up. Maybe it can be said that Anthony was severely threatened by a serious relationship. Marriage means "joining the soul" of the traditional concept. It is unusual for the male and female protagonists to be divorced at the beginning of the film. It is not entirely unprecedented (among other things, Hawks also remembers the "His Girl Friday"), but it is unusual and probably remarkable, especially given the fact that they are not able to resolve their romantic separation. In a sense, it can be understood under the film that jealousy is another form of self-sufficiency.
