Ronald Colman plays the famous Broadway actor, who has begun to lose his mind and sense of identity. After years of extensive play, he does not remember who he is - who is his roles and who is himself. And much more serious, he will see and listen to his game even in normal everyday life. So, because he's playing "Othello" now, he's going to behave jealous and suspicious - like the title. Ultimately, he takes him to the depths of madness and murder. <br /> <br /> I saw this movie years ago and liked it. I saw it again and loved it. Now maybe some of my enthusiasm is because I've always liked Ronald Colman and it's a great triumph for him, for which he got the best actress Oscar. And looking at the competition this year (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN AGREEMENT, John Garfield BODY AND SOUL, William Powell LIFE-FATHER and Michael Redgrave MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good choice because he rose to his usual comfort zone and played a much more demanding role. <br /> <br /> Now I noticed that one reviewer hated this movie because they hated Shakespeare - and it took about half of his review of his desire for him. But this movie is not really about Shakespeare, and it doesn't matter at all if you don't like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but I wondered the small parts Colman played again, though, as I said, it's not really a movie about Shakespeare. Instead, it is a wonderful portrait of an actor who loses his mind and interferes with his stage role with reality. It could have been any game, though, "Othello" was a great choice because of the murder picture that actually happened in the movie later. <br /> <br /> In general, it is a very clever film that is caused by a cute script - some shades of Film Noir. Fortunately, the actor was terrible as Colman had Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was particularly good - he played his part just right) with great support. And given the great leadership of George Cukor, it's no wonder it's a great movie from start to finish.
