DOUBLE LIFE has developed a mystery for filmmakers for two reasons: the idea of ​​a plot that the actor gets so wrapped up in a role (here Othello) to raise the big mistake of this character and put it in his life; and this is a film that won the best actor Ronald Colman (also the Golden Globe). Let's take the second point first. <br /> <br /> Is Anthony John Colman's greatest role or even his signature role? I doubt at both levels - but it is one of his best-known roles. Most of his career Ronald Colman played decent gentlemen, often in dangerous or atypical situations. He is a Bulldog Drummond (cleared for Goldwyn production to not be arrogant racist) in the fight against crime. He is Raffles, a big cricket player and even a bigger burglar who tries to pull his best burglary to save his friend's glory. He is Robert Conway, a great imperialist politician, who is abducted and brought to paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He is Dick Heldar, a man who learns to destroy his masterpiece and knowing that he is now blind and useless as an artist, deadly death. You can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here he is not heroic. In fact, he is subconsciously scary - he is murdering one person and killing almost two others. It does not matter that he is apparently mentally ill - his behavior here is antisocial. <br /> <br /> For me, Colman would have held Oscar Heldar or board or Conway - all the more typical roles for his behavior. However, the Academy has chosen a long tradition of atypical roles in providing its treasure to its leading members. Colman's Anthony John is a very good result and at one point truly scary. When Signe Hasso is alone in her home, she is at the top of the stairs and based on her, they have an argument. He asks Tony to leave, saying he doesn't see him. She looks at her, her face bends like she never used before, and she says, "Oh, no, you don't!" He starts moving upwards, scaring Hasso and running into his room. He stops and leaves. In fact, this is the real high point of his production - even more than his attack on the Hasso stage or Edmond O'Brien or his killing by Shelley Winters. It showed his dark rage. At this point, it was (for me) a Oscar-worthy performance. But that's just the moment. I am pleased that he was recognized for his role, but he should have received a prize for more consistent results. <br /> <br /> His actual performance as Othello in Shakespeare is not great, but tolerable. Too often, he allows the dialogue to pull his language out of some form of forced singing (one wondering whether it was for the guidance of Walter Hampden who apparently knew how to properly handle or respond to this role). Nowadays, "Othello" plays an African-American actress more often than white. Paul Robeson's brilliant power in this role has firmly established this new tradition. But some of the three best-known movie shows are Colman, Orson Welles in OTHELLO and Laurence Olivier in OTHELLO's production. All three white actors played the role of a black face. The personal favorite of three people is Welles, who seems to be the finest. But even looking at Welles' fine film version, it makes me angry that Robeson never needs to put his movie (Jose Ferrer like Iago) on his movie. <br /> <br /> Now the first question is, will the actor get it? I heard different things about it. Some actors have admitted that they have taken part in a home theater or movie set. Others have found a role they need to stimulate, influence them for the reasons of a new life or the aspect of life. But in fact I have never heard anyone who turned to kill as a result of their role. It seems to be a melodramatic, hackneyed idea. <br /> <br /> It wasn't a new idea for Cukor, Kanin, and Gordon in 1947. In 1944, John Loder starred in the "B" feature, BRIGHTON STRANGLER, used a similar plot for an actress who played the infamous "Jack Ripper" type and who starts killing them after an accident affects his mind. In the 1930s there was an earlier film where Othello playing an actor gets jealous of his wife (I think the title was NOT US, but I'm not sure). But thanks to Colman's name and career, and to Cukor's management, people think when they recall the idea of ​​this plot. He even came to a comedy (finally) for a CHEERS episode, where Diane Chambers helps a former convicted person who may have a talent, and put them in the bar at OTHELLO immediately after seeing him with Sam Malone kiss. Only Diane is aware of the problem of the person of the former convicted person and cannot delay the production process long enough (he tries to start a discussion about the history and symbol of the game). <br /> <br /> Casting A DUBLE LIFE was the first level and Cukor's direction was as solid as ever. So the movie is definitely worth it. But even though Colman was given an interesting role, it wasn't his best work on the screen.
