This two-part TV mini-series is not as good as the original 1966, but it is strong. The original benefited from a large number of things --- it was all black and white, it was a great jazz score, and it was filmed in real places, including the home of a messy family. This was important because the book and the original film have a lot of character in the home. <br /> <br /> This remake was filmed in Canada, which I think will double to Kansas. The story tries to make Perry as cordial as she dares and Eric Roberts plays her somewhat fey, her homosexuality hardly hidden. Roberts's hottest person does not work at all, because it is hard to believe that his Perry Smith version will eventually explode in a spasm of murder. When Robert Blake took over Smith, you undoubtedly missed his Perry Smith character. <br /> <br /> Anthony Edwards was great because it was bombastic, big-mouthed and finally coward Dick Hickcock. . His performance compares very well with Scott Wilson's role in the original film. <br /> <br /> Because it is a longer film, it will allow more time for the Clutter family to develop and in this respect I think the 1996 film has an advantage. Clutters is just a great, decent family. They have never hurt the other soul and are simply inexplicable that such a terrible family has finally been killed in such a terrifying way. It's still my way of thinking that after Clutters locked in the bathroom, Herb Clutter didn't get out of the window, so at least his children would have the chance to escape. This movie is for her, but it's too late. What I read about the actual home, which still stands, would have been the ways to configure the bathroom by opening the counter drawers and effectively blocking the door that would have forced the killers to burst. I bought some time to escape to some Clutters. Why Clutters didn't try it, I have no idea. <br /> <br /> The book's fans admit that this movie takes a lot of freedom in committing a crime, but not too seriously. However, it disturbs viewers like me who has read about it. The winning actors, led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, are equally excellent, much better, I think as a group as participants in the original film. They know they are obliged to admit them around the neck of both sides. And the officers are getting ready for the interview. They had already discovered that, when approaching Fort Scott, the counterfeit story is likely to be uneven, and it was every joke. The officers then allowed Smith and Hickcock to trap. Hickcock is b.s. an artist who thinks he can persuade someone and officials respectfully respect the story. But when they drop his boom, he will break it very quickly. It is very well filmed and acted upon and very joyful to watch because the viewer should, of course, take Hickcock, just because of this point, a coward who needs easily manipulated Smith to kill him. Supposedly, Hickcock later stated that the real reason for the crime was not to withdraw money from Clutters, but to rape Nancy Clutter. At least he saved this degradation. <br /> <br /> The actors play very well, especially Kevin Tighe Herb Clutter. The story sensitively addresses the emotional problems of Mrs Clutter, most likely the clinical depression, and Mrs Clutter shows remarkable inner strength when she insists firmly and firmly that killers leave her daughter alone. Of what I have read, the surviving family of Clutter disturbed, in particular, how Bonnie Clutter was depicted in the book, claiming that it was completely wrong. But aside, both killers who were involved with the police, how Mr. Clutter asked them not to disturb their women because of their long illness. Capote can make a fix that would make Bonnie's character more interesting, but certainly the murderers had no reason to misrepresent Mrs. killers. Hence, it would have been pointless for Herb to have said this and that it would not be true.
