Like others, I've seen and studied most of Clutter Killings-related books and movies, including some dramatic works based on thematic effects and psycho-mythology, including Capote. As far as Capote is concerned, I cannot forgive him the detention of Perry Smith's confessions, intimacy and even the writings of defense counselors. I believe that the truth and facts Capote "reserved" for his "book", which was necessary for Capote's two convictions and the death penalty, would almost certainly have supported Perry Smith's successful crazy defense even under the old McNaughton rule. Capote itself can never write another great literary work after "In Cold Blood". Shame and guilt. In my opinion, he encouraged himself voluntarily and designed a brutal death penalty to offer his grandiose end to his book / drama. For him, both men had to die in order for his book to succeed. The book had to justify itself when it pretended that it was a horror of death. His actions and silence confirmed that there was no ice-cold conclusion. The Capote book is not the truth. It is not factual or journalistic. It is a drama and melodrama that has been spiced up creatively with psychotic imagination. What most people consider to be the virtues of a single first film is the great images of Capote's mind that could have been the most cold blood. No wonder the viewers are ironically, but prefer Blake's action. This actor is a nightmare of Capote's dishonest imaginations. <br /> <br /> So who says how these two killers are played? Who has to decide what could essentially come from poetic psychotic excess courtesy and kindness? I agree with the few who see excellent results in Eric Robert's work, Shakespeare in his range, but still playing heartbreaking sincerity. Anthony Edwards takes a much safer "attitude" to create a smarmy Hick; but he is one-dimensional and boring, there are only a few notes on his television. Roberts is almost four-dimensional, adding a powerful physical weakness and embarrassment to the animal's body - a Frankenian creature who thinks of poetry and knows exactly what to do. Like Leopold Apropos Loeb, Robert's Perry Smith is in love with the evil person. Without Hickok or his peculiar man, Perry Smith would not have brought his psychotic mind into a world of horrors. He is more afraid of himself than fears of anything else in life. <br /> <br /> Given the freedom from the grip of Capote's deaths on Clutter's murder consciousness, Roberts and Edwards have freely created original personalities and psychoses for a variety of crafts. and a new production of drama. The same facts, some of the same features of the case description, but the deeper, more complex, clearly titanic psychotic tensions - Roberts is indeed so fluid in madness that he physically and seemingly shows every moment how little he is aware of where or who he is. <br /> <br /> What many of our reviewers do not like about this movie, especially Roberts, is that cold-blooded killing has not shown how they are waiting and manipulated to meet demand. This is because here we see a much more realistic "life and death interpretation" than Capote could ever create - a real tragedy. <br /> <br /> The real cold-blooded killer, Mr Capote, and his hypocritical artistic "non-fictional novel" do not control these interpretations and performances. <br /> <br /> When "In Cold Blood" and Capote's impact on life, literature and truth are as much as scientists say, it takes guts and talents that represent the truth, or a version of truth that is not ranked The cowards are lying in the capote's own abyss.
