I'm from Sweden and I just saw this movie and the thing is that I thought it was okay. I've seen a lot of bad comments on this, but you have to keep in mind that many people who watch this two-piece minisate are all over the world and not just in the US. Also, remember that not everyone has ever heard of a movie made in the 60's and perhaps not of events (murders). And even more ... that finding the original movie can be complicated and, if so, there is always black man in this person. It looks fresh and colorful and finds its public. Its 12 years old now, but I saw it for the first time. I'm trying to find the first one when I compare them, but I haven't seen it in Sweden. Ofcorse is the internet, but no one in the world. The point here is that it is mostly part of American crime history and it was great in the US in the 50s-60s, but in the rest of the world it was just in the past. Well, it was talked about for some time, but 40 years later it disappears, for example, after the Europa time. We had our own problems and crimes, so if someone makes the movie again and puts it back on the light, it's not a bad idea at all. This terrible story can be present in the new generation, and even a few years ago, the film Capote, which was just a witch, was a pretty good film. This increases the interest in the events that took place about 50 years ago, and perhaps it will stop at sleep. It started me up and now I'm looking for a Robert Blake version so it wasn't so bad ... huh? This is my opinion. Some people, of course, disagree, but hey ... his okay. Sometimes there are repetitions of old films. It's not every time the old ones are so good. Techniques for making a movie are much more advanced and scenes can be more realistic today. It's always a matter of money. So many movies have been made of "good old days", but there were no money, bad drivers, etc., and they will restore them today (50 years later) and maybe they're fine. My friend got this box of old classic horror movies and s / f and i cant say i was impressed with the so-called good old days. Most of them froze directly to the trash. They were so bad that we just sat there like zombies ... couldn't move ... like a brain dead. I can't recommend them to anyone. Some of them have seen remissions and I remember them ... but not the originals. They were just painful terrible. It's like an old story about who was the best bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore first, you might find him trust or similar ... Thank you and I have sorry for my english, it's not that good. / Lars from Sweden
