I found this family film to be pleasant and enjoyable, although I am not a child. It is based on a high school girl, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert), who finds that her upper-class apartment building lift is becoming a time machine when a keychain key from blind scientists is turned into a lift lock. He learns how to control the machine (with some uncertainty about the time). <br /> <br /> Film is not a serious science fiction. You must ignore the usual paradox of instability associated with changing the past of the past, ie changing the past to avoid the poverty of the 1881 Walker family, but the change means that the family never got into financial trouble, so Victoria would not have told her financial problems for Susan, which means that Susan shouldn't have had a reason to change the past first! But besides, the story has some nice touches, such as the old elevator panel found at the woman's apartment who secretly invented and installed a time machine that didn't have room to activate the lock code. As with many children's stories, we also have to assume that the child does not share the information about the time regime with the parents or other adults, but hides the time. scenes and unsolicited performances by some adult participants. (Children's actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni, and Matthew Harbor) were very convincing in their parts.) On one scene, Americans in the 1300s, Susan observed and photographed them. But they do not register the surprise with the unexpected appearance of this blonde, white skinned girl in a peculiar dress. Their answer is just to stop what they do and walk calmly towards Susan. In the same scene, the Indian mother carries what a child should be, but is so obviously a doll (its white skin and its head are floped). <br /> <br /> Timothy Busfield, an award-winning actress who was originally famous for TV in the old "thirty something", provides somewhat uninteresting, sometimes meaningless performance. At the other extreme, Michel Perron takes over as an Italian building manager (janitor), as does Richard Jutras in his role as a nervous neighbor. (The name of the neighbor is Edward Ormondroyd, which is the name of the author of the novel.) I suspect that these problems may be the possibility of a director or a small budget. <br /> <br /> Despite these mistakes, I recommend a movie for kids. In addition to an interesting story, it also has some educational value, as it draws attention to how much technology and social norms have changed in just over 100 years.
