Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer based in Australia, who has been subjected to a murder investigation that protects the five aboriginal men accused of murdering Peter Weir's apocalyptic 1977 thriller The Last Wave. When Picnic at Hanging Rock arrives, the film goes deeper into the unknown and shows the gap between the two cultures living side by side, without knowing each other's culture and traditions. Weir shows how white society sees local beliefs as primitive superstitions, and believes that because they live in cities and are "domesticated", the laws and culture of these tribes are no longer applicable. <br /> <br /> From the outset, Burton is drawn into a deeper and deeper web of visual visions and symbols, where the line between real time and "dream time" evaporates. Water plays an important symbolic role in the opening order of the film, where sudden thunder and hail can interrupt a peaceful school deepening to Burton's discovery that his bath is running and water is stepping into his steps. Because violent and unusual weather continues from the sky with black rain and sludge episodes, the contrast between the contrasting scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives is explained. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study books on Aborigines and learn the role of dreams in tribal traditions. When he calls his clients at Chris Lee (David Gulpil) at home for dinner, he is disturbed that he is Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), a mysterious aboriginal witch who is associated with the defendants. As Burton's investigation continues, his clients make their work difficult by refusing to disclose the real events associated with the murder. <br /> <br /> After Chris appears in his dreams, Burton is convinced that aborigine was killed in tribes by ritual, because "he saw too much", although Chris refuses to admit it in court. Burton, who is increasingly concerned about the mystery that he can't let go, says his stepfather's priest, "Why didn't you tell me there were secrets?" This is a legitimate question, but according to the admirer, the church meets all the secrets. Burton now knows that he must discover the truth for himself and enter into the underground caves of tribes. While we don't know for sure what is real and what is a dream, it has to face its deepest fears in the haunted climax, which leaves you wondering about its meaning during the morning hours. /> In this history, where predictions about wild Hop and Maya predict the end of history and the transfer of man to the fifth world, the last wave, though 25 years old, is still timely. Aborigines are portrayed as a living culture, not a subordinate of a white man, but I am worried that we look, but we do not see it quite well. Weir has opened our eyes to the mystery that remains from our consensual point of view to reality, but he affirms the doom-orientation that sees the opportunity only in fear, showing the nature as a dark and uncontrollable power without a spiritual joy that lives on both sides of time.
