John Cassavetes' 1977. The film "Opening Night" is what critics usually call the work of such an important artist, "not forgetting". This is a great movie that is great in itself, and one of the best portraits in the middle of a life crisis. It's not a perfect movie, because it's two hours and twenty-four minutes too long, and too much emphasis has been put on the drummer Myrtle Gordon, played by Gena Rowland's wife. , long after we got this point. But only the masterpiece of Woody Allen, another woman who celebrated eleven years after Rowlands, has a better portrait of the inner conflicts of an aging woman. Nevertheless, Rowlands won the Best Actress Award for this show at the Berlin Film Festival and was well earned. Often this is a film written by Cassavets compared to his earlier and inferior film A Woman Under The Influence, but it is a wrong comparison. The character of Rowland in this film has been severely disrupted from the beginning, but also against the backdrop of a blue collar, while his characters in this film and Allen's film are both artists who are haunted by phenomena. In this film, is the ghost of a dead young woman who can be seen as a younger doppelganger in Myrtle, while Allen's film has its own character in the past? Many critics have taken the alcoholic portrait of this film, seeing Myrtle with the surrounding self, such as the director telling him at night, "I've seen a lot of time, but I've never seen anyone drunk like you who could stand. you are great! ”, but it is wrong because alcohol is not his problem, nor is his chain smoking, they are just deviations from every thing that really forces him to his destruction, and not much to Cassavetes, as a storyteller He never knows exactly what is wrong with Myrtle, and despite the fact that he is finally over, there is no reason to assume that he has really dealt with the consequences. that they did not disclose everything to the audience and forced the viewers to rely, even if it is painful. <br /> <br /> the consequences of pulling out the fever and in this form the viewer is again a minor in his drama. Whether Myrtle Gordon will recover after the film's universe irises have been left for each viewer to decide, and as we have seen before, the lid is closed, choices are important.
