Looking at John Cassavets' film, the opening night, I was reminded of something that Quentin Tarantino said in an interview about personal experience as an art or actor creator. He referred, for example, to whether he ran with the dog while playing while playing, that it would not be the end of his life, but that it would affect him and undoubtedly bring him to the stage with him, even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," as he said, "What am I doing?" Gena Rowland's character, Myrtle Gordon, who, for almost a week, goes through a very similar scenario, couldn't think of her words. This is, of course, still in Cassavetes' film because it concerns how the theater works around the star, what emotion and human nature the character is watching, and how one lives when everything is (like Myrtle Gordon) is a theater. <br /> <br /> From the beginning of the movie, after the show's departure, Myrtle signs autographs, and one such fan named Nancy comes up on his favorite star and casts his heart on Myrtle. It's a tiny little moment, but it won't last if he has to go into the car (rain and everything). He then looks at the fear of a girl standing next to the car while driving, getting a car in another car accident. He's not quite sure what happened, but the next day it turns out that the girl actually died from the hit. Since then he has been stunned, even if he thinks it's out of his system. First of all, it shows in small ways, such as when he is practicing the scene with his actor (played by Cassavetes) and he doesn't seem to be under attack - he accuses it of lacking character (writer: "What do you think is missing in the game?" "" Hope, "says Myrtle) - but then Nancy will appear to her, a manifestation that everything to Myrtle is right until she's suddenly gone. <br /> <br /> Cassavets, like previous films, are after finding what it means to feel, feel and feel, or lack it, and how it affects others around you. It is not exactly a new land for Rowlands, who previously played a woman under a woman who is under the influence (in this case, alcohol), nor would she be an alien territory where Ben Gazzara would be expelled. killing a Chinese book. But in every scene, actors express everything that is important to their characters; Cassavets doesn't tell them how to get from scene A to B, and he doesn't have to. The Cassavets movie has a mood that sometimes speaks of grungy camera work. You know, for example, that Myrtle should be somehow satisfied, even if it is not a plot. But he's haunted and unhappy with his character's low depth and tone ("Aging who's watching it?" He asks the playwright) and it will affect the people around him. <br /> <br /> The question will soon become common. A conventional dramaturg would make a conflict "Can he go on the stage, does the display continue?" That's not important to Cassavets, even if it exists, as well as the question "Is he okay?" a woman "would help her develop her personal demons and lose her grip on reality (seeing Sara and attacking her all strangers who don't know what's going on in hell)? Or does the lack of hope in the game play anything else that is wrong with him? The depths of Rowlands make their nature intense and harassing, and that does not mean that it is more boring than a woman under the influence - if anything, it is as good as the film is honest about the profession. consequently, the other performances are the same as Gazarra and Nancy, played by fine Laura Johnson. Cassavetes answers his own questions that are not easy. <br /> <br /> One opening night of real excitement with amazing actors in the form of an amazing script is to see how Cassavets does not. We see that the game has been completed - and this is probably a real game, and we only know a little about what it is. When we see acting actors, we wax and weaken that we participate in what melodrama is going on (the relationship between scuffling and things and from time to time blow and domestic violence) and the improvisation of the actors. I thought, looking at how much really improvised, how many Cassavets allowed the other participants to scenes where Myrtle would be thrown out or at its peak, it was completely broken. She is also on stage so it has to be something they had previously prepared and let them happen. <br /> <br /> This is a funny, amazing, chilling and upholstery edge with some of the best cinematography ever put on film, and we see the stage actor between stage, actor actress, actress actress, blur miraculously. An open night is a strong drama full of honest talking about death and madness, reality and fiction, where love is between people, and actually what does "action" mean?
