Pauline Kael once suggested that she would never be a fan of Cassavets as a director but an actor. What Kael meant was his supposed lack of complexity as a filmmaker; to take this comparison forward, I never feel that Cassavetes is leading the film, it seems like Cassavete himself in his work, like Orson Welles. Cassavete has as many geniuses as Welles, but more important than a true artist (unlike technician or rhetoric). It's like an Italian passion (although Cassavetes was actually Greek) and Scandinavian introversion. Never before have internal demons been so physically exposed. Like the haunted Skip James record, it is also a ghost of ghosts. The rays of Rassland, which are amazing and almost operational, surprise Cassavets, are accompanied by a nervous, soothing piano. Who is this dead girl? Metaphysical possibilities are endless and it is amazing to find such a thing in Cassavets in a movie, just in an intelligent display (at the beginning there is also a short bit of voice command). But then he was always intelligent, he just did not slip it to light praise. This is not "customization"; here, the mixing of reality and fiction and drama is not an illusion, but an internal instability and a confusion that it creates. <br /> <br /> There's so much. Pure, delightful love when Rowlands greets his doorman; horror when he wins himself ... A scene where a girl talks about how she devoted her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations of what it means to be a fan of someone. The roots of this vision are "The Star is Born" and Almodovar borrowed it for "All My Mother". I think the end is a bit of a disappointment to laugh at the matches, but the preparation before that is almost sick. (You can shoot me, but I think that, despite the urgency of many scenes, alcoholism is a relatively small point on the film.) <br /> <br /> It is a lively, breathing thing and it seems that the process: it can go to any any time. Like "Taste of Cherry", it is recalled that "you must never forget that this is just a game." But it's dangerous: when Rowlands says this line, is it a great drama? How does the viewer take it? Is she reflexive or does she just not care? His (character's) distributions have been added to performances and ultimately to the movie so that it is like a female James Dean witness. 10/10
