Yesterday I went to the monthly Antique Flea Market that arrives in town. I have no interest in such things, but I went against friends of friends who have such an interest. Looking over hundreds of vendors, passing through many of them quickly, I noticed someone selling VHS birds and DVDs. Most of the movies on the DVD were quite recent; the eldest I noticed was MY FAVORITE WIFE, Cary Grant-Irene Dunne's 1940s. But VHS tapes were mostly older films by nature. I couldn't resist buying SOMETHING because they were sold on 3 tapes for $ 10.00. Which deal has been said by Eddie Murphy. I've found one movie I've been hearing for years, but never seen: The Opening Night of John Cassavette (1977). Well, I definitely wanted it to be a fan of Gena Rowland, and I had heard that this film contained one of her best performances. He also had FACES (1968). I saw it about 20 years ago when I probably didn't have enough life experience to evaluate it thoroughly. And I wanted to take advantage of it so I took it. My second choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> <br /> When I got home I decided to set aside the work I was planning to do so I could open the night. I was completely fascinated by this film. It focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), a famous stage and screen actor, who has personal and professional problems with his character as well as the subject of aging during out-of-town previews. After one trial, the enthusiastic fan and autograph hunter (and tears) "I love you! I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan hits the car and kills. It begins with Myrtle's descent into himself, where he has to face his fears of aging, his future career as a mature actor, and the flaws he's playing (written by a much older female dramatist, Joan Blondell). Throughout the film he sees a dead girl, which is an obvious symbol of his past; drinks almost constantly; and receives the incredible support of his chairman (Ben Gazzara), the producer (Paul Stewart), his defendant (John Cassavettes himself) and the playwright. In fact, they are more concerned about how their behavior affects them and their careers: dragging lines on the stage, improvising new lines, splitting up on the stage generally and reaching the opening of Broadway completely drunk. <br /> <br /> This story works not only to solve the problems associated with aging, but also to spread Cassavette's dissatisfaction with conventional film making. When I watched the film, I was sometimes surprised, confused, amused, puzzled, but finally involved, entertained and contented. Cassavettes really had a great sense of humor, making sure that his audience understood what he meant and wanted them to be emotionally involved. He makes clues to ALL ABOUT EVE using enthusiastic theatrical heroes, even dressing a young girl with a damp and hat, similar to Anne Baxter's film at the beginning of this movie. The most obvious is the hint to support his aging theme, the contrast between older and younger women. He obviously uses the contrast of Myrtle as a symbol that faces his lost youth. First I felt that the symbolism was obvious to TOO, but then I realized that it was Cassavette's intention. He doesn't want his audience to understand what he's getting; if they do, it would disrupt their emotional involvement. This spirit of young people haunts Myrtle, attacks him and wants to destroy him. Myrtle finally "kills" him, but before he can really play himself and play, he has to reach the bottom (second visual death?). So he's so drunk at Cassavettes that he can't walk and unlock his night at Broadway. She revives herself (helping herself out of such situations, is also important for the film theme) and makes the game successful by giving a great result and improving the direction of playing with improvisation so that it contains some hope of the nature of aging she plays. These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands did it right in front of the live audience who did and didn't know they were part of the movie. The game they do also work in contrast: it is the mainstream and self-confident about the issues he is dealing with, ie, until Myrtle changes his pronunciation. In doing so, he also improves the work of his letters. The natural development of interaction between people and between them (subjective realism and universal truth) - these were Cassavette's troubles in making movies. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands is amazing. Of course, she has such a big face, and Cassavettes (who loves her during her marriage) treats us with a lot of people around us, so we know our emotions and we know what's going on inside her. He will make you such a character so much that you want to get him out of the crisis. And that is what keeps your attention within 2 and 30 minutes of work. The film is deliberately pace from time to time and requires constant attention, but anyone who is interested in good cinema and great activity will be rewarded. Someone else said it was a movie for people who love movies. All others are equipped. <br /> <br /> Contact OPENING NIGHT if you have never seen it. Everyone in it is great, and this is one of Cassavette's best films.
