*** out **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Killed To Kill is such a movie. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? The 1993 film that marks Brad Pitt as a serum killer, a couple of passengers "welcoming" to California as a friend who can be a good company along the way. When I watch a movie, I don't always want to know anything about the plot, because surprises can even get cooler. So it was in California. When I first saw it for the first time last year, I didn't think it was a temporary movie, so when I found out I was shocked and when the movie went on and on, it got even better and I was on my right, almost kissing my monitor , so close I was! So, we're talking about dressed for slaughter, right? Before watching this movie (today!) I watched only two other films from Brian De Palm, so I can say that I don't know that his work is really well-known, but it is far from known that these two films were so big for me they could be. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I looked at Carrie on TV, I was really desperate to get a DVD copy and I can say: this movie is great! Mission: Impossible. And today I watched the third movie from DePalma. <br /> <br /> Well, dressed to kill is a movie like California. If the film goes on, it will be completely different than expected. I looked, very curious, in a museum scene where Dickinson follows a mysterious man with a cab and ends up in an apartment room. You may think what might happen there. But when the film reached the scene of the elevator, the film went completely on track. I watched the rest of the movie and I liked it. However, there are some low points ... Some movie characters are completely quiet! Take, for example, a mysterious man from a museum. I always hoped he could say something, but he never did! It was completely ridiculous and was undoubtedly something that made me change my mind when I did not accept this movie at least almost as a masterpiece. Even in the booth where Dickinson is trying to apologize for the events in the museum, a totally silent man grabs him, pulls him in the cabin and starts kissing each other. You know, it reminded me of the 70's "El Chavo Del 8" Mexican TV series, where some characters are completely silent. The past of the low points of their movie is actually a great film, taking into account intercourse, signs and plot. Dennis Franz is cool as Detective Marino! Reminded me that Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990), where he plays almost the same type of character. <br /> <br /> At the end of this review, Dressed To Kill's ending is the same as Carrie's! I don't know if I really liked it because I hate imitations! I understand that Carrie is a DePalma film, so it's not really an imitation because after all it was his idea! But it turned into a recurring idea of ​​dressed-in killing, so DePalma could have done something else to show that Nancy Allen woke up from a bad dream in the same way as Amy Irving's Carrie's ending scene. Of course, this was certainly another low. But if you miss it, you'll find that dressed to kill is really a good movie and I assure you that it's not a waste of time in any way.
