May contain small spoilers. <br /> <br /> Dressed to kill, the first time you've seen it for the first time, is a movie with some terrible sequences, some decent performances, and a nice, though obvious, Hitchcock ripoff, twisting the plot at the end. It's just too bad for certain things, quite obvious, preventing it from being classic. <br /> <br /> Dressed as a barrister, he is dealing with a murderer who has killed at least two women (could have been more than a movie ever telling us) and three people looking for a brain boy whose mother was a victim, a living whore who alone, who can identify the killer, and a psychiatrist whose patient was a flawed meaningful mother of the child. There are a number of good deeds, including Nancy Allen, as whore Liz, Angie Dickenson as Kate Miller and Micheal Caine, a sexually deceptive victim, as Rober Elliot, who is hiding more in sight; though under no circumstances is anyone really outstanding. On the other hand, Denis Franz, being later with similar features to the NYPD Blue, is embarrassed as an exaggerated exaggerated, ruthless, angry detective, even though he takes little time, so it doesn't harm the film so much. Brain baby Keith Gordon is decent, but is almost too smart to really be credible. <br /> <br /> What's most about me in the movie is the tight sequences. The scene of a sexually disappointed mother in the museum is thrilling and well done, as is the subsequent order leading to her premature death. I also love the order in the doctor's office that reveals the killer's identity, which really changes the whole movie at once. And there is a split screen scene that I thought it was almost classic. However, there is another situation when Liz is on a train that runs from what may be a killer taken in directions he should never have with almost embarrassing racial stereotypes. As a thriller, it is tense and quite often plausible. In the drama of crimes, it has often failed, especially with an incomplete and ridiculous explanation of everything that ended. Finally, there is also an unnecessary and too long order of dreams where they had the courage to shoot someone's feet about what seemed a few times. It was an up and down experience; one scene tries to entice me to heart and mind, and the next one would make me tough and ask why. For more than 100 minutes, it could have been under 90 years and was a better film. <br /> <br /> Scary movie fans should do this. It's still a better movie than most of today's slaves. Maybe it was a better time, but after seeing it recently, I can say that I enjoy it, and it is worth seeing my three favorite scenes alone.
