Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) is a sexually explicit nightmare dressed up as a killer and later visits her psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliotti (Michael Caine), where she admits she is sexually frustrated and unmarried. Then Kate visits the museum and receives a stranger, returns to his apartment for random sex when Kate is ready to leave, but is attacked and killed by a blonde woman who uses a blonde in a building elevator. Prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) finds a terrible scene and sees a killer, but manages to escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says he suspects Liz is a killer because there are no other witnesses, so Liz's team with Kate's son Peter (Keith Gordon), to see the real killer, clear Liz's name and see that justice is done. . <br /> <br /> Literature and director Brian De Palma I thought Killed to Kill was a good psychological murder mystery. The script is sometimes measured and slow, but likes to focus on the characters, so you really know them, the first twenty minutes is just like Kate is developing, before she suddenly kills, then the movie turns to Liz no one else can see. In this way, dressing is quite absorbing and interesting, unfortunately, the character is not very pleasant. I sometimes found a somewhat funny dialogue, especially dirty talking about what Liz gets from time to time. The killer motives are somewhat plausible, but I think you have to be confused to do something you suggested to kill. It's a good movie, but it didn't excite me so much and I didn't find any characters to root or like. The film is about an unnecessary and unnecessary twist that I didn't really see. <br /> <br /> Director De Palma directs style and visual elegance, art museum sequence and car. all this is filmed perfectly. I would imagine that every shot that was dressed to kill was a lot of thought. I felt that the film was sometimes a bit flat and uninspired, but nothing really excited about it. There's a fair bit of nudity, some sex and rape with some boron and violence, Kate's murder in a razor-sharp elevator is highlighted when it's the right word. However, this is not as shocking or contradictory today as many would have believed in you. <br /> <br /> The estimated budget of about $ 6,500,000 dressed for killing is a shiny high production value from a Hollywood movie. The places in New York are nice, the cinema is good and the whole is very good. I thought the music was inappropriate and was far from loud and intrusive. Action is OK, but despite my top settlement, I didn't think Cainel had so much time on the screen. Allen was married to director De Palma at a time when she was dressed to kill, of four movies De Palma made in two of them, & Blow Out (1981), she put her prostitute. For Dickinson, a double body was used because he rejoices in the shower at the beginning. <br /> <br /> The girl is dressed with a good thriller, which is worth a look, but I didn't think it was alive, it's a high reputation. Good, but not brilliant.
