For the first time, Kill was ready to be a little attacked in 1980: you had a "police girl" in the role of a mega-erotic, because Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife who was looking for good times in all the wrong museums (and elevators in the apartment), Nancy Allen as a Calling Girl, Michael Caine Norman Bates's complicated New York relative and long enough for the last two films of the period. Nowadays it is a little less blame for standards and such, although the unrated version has some of the hottest content of De Palma movies, at least during its 70's and 80's quasi-author's period, where he seemed to be recurring themes more and more from Hitchcock's classic film rolls and a surprising increase. This is a simple story that some sisters have already seen, and then again in the body Double and Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays professional Liz Blak, who has to quit Kate (Dickinson, an inflatable "MILF") killing, after being found with a razor, Dr Elliott's office murder weapon (Michael Caine, stone-cold performance mostly) . <br /> <br /> From the start, what De Palma looks like is the creation of a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as an opportunity to add Carrie's opening scene. (which maybe he does just in terms of editing), we get a number of technical shutdowns through the style from our own point of view: museum tracking shots that are designed to interfere with the process more intriguingly, following and wishing to follow than any tension; passing the subway (the predecessor of Carlito's Way), meanwhile, takes place at an exact distance, with the black bang thrown a little away; Peter, the character of Kate's son (Keith Gordon), who actually plays De Palma's younger version of a real life than a child (scientific geek, obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). And it's all entertaining and appealing as hell, something that is close to the actual synthesis that makes De Palma thrillers so unique, being so self-conscious as they don't know the fearless attitude of making a movie. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this same self-consciousness has come back in recent years to bite the director, and somehow to kill the dress that it will become very inaccurate and disappointing, because the story has to be packed up. As psychological issues come together more obviously (a person who wants to change sex, doesn't even think he's killing because it's * who does it), the police station has an exponential scene that makes the above-mentioned Hitch movie look like an amazing psychological revelation . And the last scenes of Peter's House, which are also painfully reminiscent of much more attainable order in Carrie, are meant to be manipulated, even for De Palma; especially last shot, though master class, how to copy yourself. However, the mental hospital is a very confusing and in itself perfect scene in the confusion where the doctor does some work for the sister to whom all other inmates are acting as animal keepers in the animal zoo, and overwhelmingly taking up the scene is one of the best sexual / general perversions ever captured on film . then this is a remarkable piece of cellulose cinema, where the class is round in technical terms (soft lighting, sophisticated camera movements seemingly so simple) related to an object that should be found on 25 cents paper. It's not a masterpiece, but I would definitely take over most of the director's latest thrillers every day.
