In France, French critics are judged to be polite to apparently genoclip the coherent chain of films Brian De Palma missed. Meanwhile, many of his films have been torn by "Carrie" (1976), "The Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983), without mentioning his loans from Hitchcock. Here, "Dressed to Kill", it is impossible not to think of "Vertigo" (1958) for a long series of museums, while the key moment of the elevator inevitably means the "Psyhhos" (1960) shower shower sequence. I don't want to revive the old debate about our involved movie: will De Palma hang Hitchcock? Instead, I tend to be generous and classify "Dressed to Kill" into the De Palma winners category with "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). But there are some reservations and they are the ones I listed earlier that feed on the struggle between De Palma's fierce fans and his attackers. <br /> <br /> When "Dressed to Kill" is one thing that can make a general agreement among film students, it is De Palma's virtuoso leadership. He uses his camera as a filmmaker expert. His sophisticated camera work enriches the tension, leading to tension and uncomfortable aura. The audience is just glued to the screen. Several long silent sequences, which all depend on appearance and gestures, help to use this. By the way, "Psychos" also had long silent, stopping parts ... <br /> <br /> But the main disadvantage of De Palma in the 1980s is that it is impossible to find the quality of the plot and it seems that many of the wrong ingredients are being redesigned, that is related to the stories of the estimated number of murders. Prostitute is the only witness of a crime. He then suspects the police and must act (with the help of the victim's son on the subway) to track down the murderer and prove his innocence. Not only does De Palma use a character that has never been humiliated, it is a menu that smells again. And the filmmaker ends his movie with the number that echoes on the opening side. Yes, it is perfectly filmed, but when he discovers his actual function, one number: "It's almost free." Maybe De Palma wanted to stretch his movie over half an hour if at that time the viewer knows (and even before) who is the killer. <br /> <br /> The two main parts of De Palma are formulated depending on manipulation and voyeurism. The last theme is well-known from the first scene, "Dressed to Kill", which makes the movie almost like a soft porn movie. And the filmmaker is not afraid of filming her main actor and wife Nancy Allen in her underwear. I think his approach to this issue is quite doubtful. But perhaps the first queue was seen as a mirror of the viewer and De Palma wanted to stir his peep. <br /> <br /> I don't want to demand De De Palma's work. His prestigious leadership in leadership, leading to communication with the film, shifts the story away from global weakness and its suspicious aspects. Twenty-six years after that, the contradiction he has created among the film visitors is not ready.
