Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has problems with marriage and other ways - enough to see a psychologist. When his hostility struggles him, it also involves a bystander, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who arrives for an investigation to detect the psycho-killer identity. <br /> <br /> Kill is historically important when dressed. This is one of the earliest examples of today's thriller style, with extensions throughout Hide and Seek (2005). It's strange that the head Brian De Palma tried to practice Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally raises Vertigo (1958) parts dressed to kill the famous museum. Kill's killed in shower scenes, as well as its cable and death method, are similar to Psycho (1960). De Palma also works in Hitchcock's favorite Bernard Herrmann style with repeated motifs. Similar similarities do not end. <br /> <br /> But De Palma, either by accident or skill, can influence her or perhaps overcome her influence when dressed to kill is an attitude, structure and flow that has been influential. Perhaps, partly because of this effect, it is also dressed for killing when it is currently under review. Countless subsequent directors have taken their Hitchcock-like De Palma and building it, improving almost every element, so now, after the 25-year-old thrillers, much dressed to kill agonizing, structurally foolish and primitive <br /> <br /> One aspect of the film, which unfortunately has not been improved, is dressed to kill sex and nudity scenes. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us under the full foreskin (Allen's state is very inclined) and De Palma strikes Dickinson's breasts, strongly indirect masturbation and more visceral sexual scenes than in today's movies. Quite a few scenes approaching soft core porn. I'm not a fan of pride, on the contrary. The puritanical, monogamous, protected attitude of our culture to sex and nudity disturbs me. So from my point of view, it is unfortunate that dressed to kill the emphasis on meat and its pleasures is one of the few aspects in which others have not been exemplary or printed. Perhaps it is desirable, but they are not allowed to follow the example of cultural control of conservative stuffed shirts. <br /> <br /> The direction of De Palma's cinematography and the staging of some scenes is also good enough to make it hard to do something the same style as De Palma does. He has an odd characteristic approach to close-ups, and he loves shots from interesting angles, such as top views and James Whale-like tracking on distant sections. Of course, later the directors have been brighter, but it is hard to say that they have been better. Looking at filmmaking abilities, the museum's scene has a remarkable ability to build a very fine tension on a broken glove and glance or two, following the sophisticated nest of the Kate Metropolitan Art Museum. <Br /> <br /> On the other hand, the story from a caring point of view, and especially when waiting for a thriller, may all look too slow and foolish at the museum scene and a little further. Since the film has been removed from the main genre of film and its main concerns with the director as well as the external cultural facts of the film, opening seems not to be a very well integrated attempt to title and be nervous. When the first murder occurs, things improve, but because of the potential impact of the film, much of the healing seems to be a little bit and occasionally sound. <br /> <br /> Performances are mostly good, although Michael Caine is too little used, and Dickinson must leave faster than we would (but exit is necessary and very effective). The cloak is at least probably your interest until the end, but due to the facts that are not in the picture itself, it is not exactly outdated. At this point, it is perhaps best to look at the film primarily as a historical remnant and, for example - but not for the best, even for this era - the elegance of some De Palma productions.
