Just finished watching The Groove Tube, which I saw for the first time 23 years ago when I was a teenager who was at bedtime, watching HBO with his brother and his best friend. We had also watched Animal House just before we saw two films that celebrated the alumni of SNL and had some naked breasts. Good to have our parents slept all the time! Anyway, in this movie, there were many strange and funny things that were instantly like Uranus Industries' commercial brown 25-string ("the beef taste" says the scientist that what is probably human stool is a white tube. Ewww!) Or a doll face that talks about VD (small penis and egg glued bush). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their film debut here. Chase is fun, either by making Geritan a woman with a woman with "Let Fingers Do It" having sex, or "Four Leaf Clover" with her co-writer / director Ken Shapiro, who dropped her hands on her head. Belzer's teams with Shapiro's "The Dealers" movie and "Channel One Evening News" with one of the ferocious bands with Belzer as a black prostitute trying to trick reporter Ken into playing Lionel here. "Lionel, it sounds like a train I drive like Choo-Choo!" Other unheard bits include "The Show Show with Shipiro as a boy club show player who, after leaving" more than ten "people, reads their viewers' requests like" Fanny Hill "sections, or how the Olympics segment where the German couple does the love that two men (one spanish) love when they explicitly receive, while "please stand" keeps the screen interruptions! Or animated the segment "The Dealers", which depicts dance-toilets after Shapiro's use of some marijuana! Not all is so dirty, in addition to the "Four Leaf Clover" sketch, there is a very fun music segment at the end, where Ken's lip synchronizes his recording "Just You, Just Me", dancing around the suit and suitcase with the city from time to time with the writer Lane Sarasohn This means that this is a weird, funny movie that seemed to affect other similar movies (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and might. On Saturday night Live (which made the first star of Chevy's performance) and despite the elements mentioned, it may be entertaining today. P.S. Though I liked to hear the gorillas dance / hanging queue during Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up", I was wondering what was the point in the queue of the rider and the woman who picked him up, taking them out of the car, removing the running and then the naked man grabbing a policeman who stopped on the road. Guess, this is one of the 70s that refers to things ...
