It is the last of the four swashbuckers from France that I plan to watch at Christmas: others (in order of view) were COMING BLACK TULIP (1964; same director as that, but not nearly as good), surprisingly effective LADY Oscar (1979 from Japan) and a great CARTOUCHE (1962). In fact, I was watching it on Italian television late in the evening and reminded me that it wasn't particularly worshiped, so I was really surprised how much I enjoyed this time (also considering the inconvenient shortage) of the enthusiasm shown in the film here and elsewhere for the first time was reported as a future DVD). <br /> <br /> By the way, FANFAN LA TULIPE is quite common with the CARTOUCHE mentioned above: not just cast and team members (manufacturers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert), but also plots? in fact, the hero is a feminine soldier (Jean-Paul Belmondo Cartouche also had a short military spell) loved by a fiery girl (in this case a Gypsy Gina Lollobrigida), while she is an impossible obsession with love (here's someone other than a king's daughter) ! As in the later movie, Fanfan (ideally cast Gerard Philipe, who is ironically so full of life that it is hard to believe that cancer will last for 7 years) is two fun loving but cowards (one of them is actually his boss and heroine himself) dad) and is in contradiction with his unruly figures in his rank (the aging Roquevert, with whom the hero finally starts the duel of the roof, because he is also a beloved girl of a gypsy girl); Lollobrigida joins Philippe in her next film, Rene Clair's wonderful romantic fantasy LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). <br /> <br /> FANFAN turned out to be a large post office in its home country and even Cannes's surprising (but well-earned) best prizes for more well-known movies like AN America in Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity in its computerized version of recovery (probably for the benefit of viewers who did not touch the black-and-white product with a ten-foot pole) and Criterion DVD itself contained a sample of this variant; is obviously a foreign language title, there's also a dubious choice of English dubbed soundtrack, but even if they didn't prove particularly painful to sit through to consider when everything is said and done, there's just no substitute for the original! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname whose young Genevieve page is a hero when Madame De Pompadour is marked) contains about as much comedy as (expected) action and romance; although some may find it overwhelming, I disagree with myself because I enjoyed a dramatic satirical narration and, in general, this combination is comparable to Jerzy Skolimowski's equal view of GERARD ADVENTURES (1970). This means that the sword competitions here are remarkably robust for an essentially light-weight business (especially in the woods and the ambush in the monastery) and the film itself in adults (numerous clues to sexuality and the whole coarse language) as you look back with vintage Hollywood fare, as I did now; climax, it is quite brilliant: the enemy troops (who amusefully talk about an accelerated upstream!) are exhausted by our heroic trio, largely with the king's amazement, like Marcel Herrand? best known for his role as leader of the Paris underworld in Marcel Carne's PARADISE CHILD (1945)? is itself a lecher. <br /> <br /> P.S. The Italian TV channel has threatened to screen Christian-Jaque's promising CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES (1964) on the screen for several months, but despite having already been programmed three times (with the original fourth link next week), they have still shown it; nevertheless, I still have three more films, despite the VHS heap (equally late in the evening on Italian TV shows): a three-hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948, as well as Gerard Philippe), another TWIN (1967) and a French king's letter (1971; Brigitte Bardot and Claudia) Cardinale).
