One of the biggest Western countries all the time! But, unlike many others, it does not deal with nature, horses, shootouts, etc. but deals with one rifle, Winchester '73, and how this one rifle affects others and how they affect it. The rifle is not alive, breathing, human, right? You may be inclined to believe it is not. But it seems to him that he has two very similar reasons: he finally returns to his legitimate owner, although during the remainder of the picture his thoughtless "owners" do their best to ensure that it is not, and it does not seem to be meaningful until it goes back to the original owner, so accidentally the "unthinkable" owners seem to lose it somehow or kill, trying to protect it and keep it until it returns to Stewart, then "content." But not all owners deserve it. Stewart is, of course, since he won it. McNally is not, because he had to be a messy thief and steal. Drake is definitely not doing it because he would probably lose it in some poker games and, moreover, Drake is too shy to fight, so why should he have a one-on-one rifle if he doesn't even use it? Duryea is not, because he is just a buggy maniac, and we all know that ridiculous maniac do not deserve weapons. This film is a kind of notch that can only be in Western countries, such as the Ox-Bow Incident. Western people have a kind of noir that is much different from the 30s and 40s Bogart films. This is, with your hands down, the best way of all five western Stewart-Mann, although my personal favorite is "River Bend". The other four changed much differently. I don't think it would be a coincidence to see that the other four were colors and that is black and white. This is due to the noir edge. All five films had a partial revenge by Stewart and a dark past on the film until it was just a dark side of Stewart, but actually a sort of character, no credit list, but one that you can only recognize and know that it exists, always present. But not only for revenge and the dark past, but also for the ultimate threat and a very different character from Stewart, it transforms all the other aspects into more than four. But Stewart doesn't run the line. But he is walking between light and darkness. That's why black and white movies played such an integral part. They could have all been black-and-white or they could all have been color. But it is black and white and the other four are colored and there is a good reason for that.
