Bigger Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson lives, and George Armstrong's Custer and Sitting Bull spectrums will overcome the director Anthony Mann, who has great fun with James Stewart. Although Stewart's attempt to apologize for his father's murder is the main story, Winchester '73 is really a piece of the band called the one-thousand firearms passing through the hands of many colorful owners, including the so-called. especially big) and ban Dan Duryea, who is more disdainful than usual. The confiscation of the fiction and history of the film creates a windy and ambivalent tone, which is perfectly equivalent to Mann's compositionally strict filmmaking. His psychological unrest and dictation of the past weakly support the high story of the good and the bad men pursuing the gun, but they boldly express the quarrels and unsuccessful reconciliation of the queen's husband, and are defined in Stewart's talks with Sidekick Millard Mitchell. The use of the Mann environment is what distinguishes him from other Western filmmakers. Instead of looking at the views, he adds those dramas as characters that direct, aggravate, or cause the goals of human characters. Just as the hills, caves and rapids came into consideration in Naked Spur, there is an armed force, a physical obstacle that defines the roles of the winner and the victim between two equally qualified cereals in the midst of open rocks and boulders. . (I would have been unsuccessful if I knew the contribution of cinematographer William H. Daniels, especially his ultra-day, open photography.) Mann is not only a skilful driver, but also plays the same live picture of Wyatt Earp-patrolled Dodge City. mainly through scaled, multiple planning. The competition does not depend on the camera's rapid displacement or effect cuts, because Mann knows instinctively where to place the camera and how to move it to display the highest density of information in the picture. Nor does he care about writing the plot in the dialogue, based on the eyes of the actors or a well-chosen image for streaming. The aim of one scene is, in particular, to explain his attitude: Mitchell talks about Stewart's motivation for Shelley Winters, which is interrupted by the climate struggle that will soon reveal everyone. Light without an unknown, intense unknown, Winchester '73 seems more modern than modern and is a joy to see.
