The new creative team emerged in 1950 when the brilliant actor James Stewart joined equally with the brilliant director Anthony Mann to make a series of Westerners who helped define the future of this genre. Until then, Stewart's approach was mainly to approach aw..aw..aw to family-oriented comedies, dramas and romances. Not that he wasn't a Hollywood star. One of his best screen shows and one of the best celluloids was like Macaulay's 'Mike' Connor, who is the sarcastic writer of the "Philadelphia Story" scandalous cloth. He had even made westerners. His portrayal of a shameful weapon but a shock to experts Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr. Comedy in the West "Destry Rides Again" made this movie classic. But for most movie visitors, he was an all-American boyscout type Mr. Smith or George Bailey. Failed was the dark side of any character he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann was associated with B-flames in movie noir mode. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" hit James Stewart's eye. So two talented men combined their resources to produce some of the biggest Hollywood western countries. "Winchester '73 and" Laramie Man "were the best, but others were almost as effective. As a result of the partnership, it became stunningly rich because it signed a part of the royalties in exchange for a fraction of the salary it usually paid. Despite this, many other participants followed wisely. <br /> Every owner is part of the story that is being talked about, and it all comes together in an exciting showdown at the end of the movie, which also has a surprise to the viewer. Custer and his 7th cavalry have destroyed Sioux and Cheyenne Little Big Horn. White people want revenge. Old Americans want their land and way of life back. b to confront the native language led by Young Bull (young Rock Hudson, who shows his potential as an actor), and a small cavalry group attached to the canyon and joined by civilian Lin McAdam (Stewart), his partner and lifelong Pal High Spade (underrated actor Millard Mitchell) and the couple who are trying to find themselves, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a dirty heart. The horse soldiers include the newcomers Tony Curtis and James Best ("Dawn of the Hazzard Dukes"), part of which is shortened with a ball. <br /> <br /> Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. he's head to Marshal. Exquisite actor Will Geer (later Waltons) looks like Elder Earp. In fact, Wyatt was a Marshal's assistant to Dodge who just created his teeth, being a lawyer. Lin McAdam wins at Winchester, but has taken him away for a long time after Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his henchmen for a long time. McAdam and High Spade are both after Henry of the Netherlands and Winchester after the rest of the movie. On the way, there is an even more heartfelt character, Waco Johnnie Dean, who played the evil personality of Dan Duryea, who threatens to steal exhibitions of other starred members. <br /> <br /> Winchester goes through several hands in a movie every time the broadcast is intense. One is related to John McIntire's perfect gambler. Other swaps are mixed with the above scenario. All this plus action keeps the viewer seated throughout the exhibition. <br /> <br /> As noted above, it is cast for the first time on a lower role. Look for other familiar faces that are not logged, including the future "Bonanza" sherry Ray Teali and B West's trusted Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
