In 1942, the film TALES OF MANHATTAN spoke of a series of stories that were basically interrelated, but associated with men's evening dresses. Each story started when "tails" were given from one owner (for example, Charles Boyer) to another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, a good movie and a great Western, has a similar plot. Initially, Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horace) for MacMahon for some deadly fear. But during the film, two men enter the shooting competition, which is awarded by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer as one of Winchester's new rifles. Stewart barely takes MacMahon, but the gun has been stolen from Stewart and tracked. The pistol goes out of hand, including John McIntyre (as a arrogant trader who does not know when to be arrogant), Rock Hudson (a surprising role - and short - to Charles Drake, Dan Duryea (like the delightful deadly and psychotic Waco) Johnny Dean), MacMahon Finally, it goes back to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The movie is expertly run by Anthony Mann. Each character has many different experiences. Duryea literally gets over the dead body of Drake (Duryea forces the problem) But he loses it to MacMahon, who pulls faster - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight for a gun. As he and Shelley Winter look at MacMahon's distance, Winter (who looked at Duryea's former boyfriend Drake) will drop for a moment. to ask why he put MacMahon into a bullying weapon. Philosophically, Duryea explains that he can wait. Later he gets some chance (ie if he can safely kill MacMahon and get the rifle back). <br /> <br /> Star The characters are very human. Winters first appears as Drake's future bride, but she sees her very negative side - the unforgivable side. Drake is aware of this expiration and contributes to his destruction. Other characters have realistic touches, such as J. C. Flippen as an army sergeant who is struggling with Indian attack on Steward and Steward's friend Millard Mitchell. Oh, and Flippen's soldier Tony Curtis. Flippen believes that this soldier has been a hundred battlefields since 1861. Steward had shown emotions to other films. ATTENTION, he showed some anger and disintegration of the nervous system at times, when he thinks his life is wrong. But here he showed demonic anger - surprised at the expense of Duryea (who would normally show such anger). <br /> <br /> The parts of this movie fit very well with Mann's competent hands. This is one of the west that will never wear because the audience is watching the Winchester rifle race.
