Adult western fishermen who flourished in the 1950s are trying to find its origin on the film that was born of the syndrome. Of course, we can go back to Howard Hawks' Red River (1948) or John Ford's My Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to stick to this one decade, it must be one pair of films at the beginning of this time. One of them is The Gunfighter, a subtly gloomy story about the famous gunslinger (Ringo) who is facing his latest shootout. The second year of the year is "Winchester '73" and it is worth noting that Millard Mitchell appears as a gloomy, mustache, very realistic rider. In The Gunfighter, he is a Marshal of the City, who should arrest Ringo, but once with him, he escaped an illegal gang. In Winchester, he is an epic / tragic story for Jimmy Stewart, a Horatio Stewart Hamlet. The plot is simple enough: Stewart's single cowpoke wins in the remarkable Winchester shooting game, beat the most sensible man in the West (Stephen McNally), who is actually his brother and caused his father to die. When a brother steals a weapon, Stewart and Mitchell go to her cowboy odyssey, which takes them across the border, meeting both laws and Indians. (In a wonderful sense, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - the Indian chief and US cavalry soldier - are well-staged during the battle. Dan Duryea steals the entire exhibition as a strangling bird-head leader, Shelly Winters, just before he started to lose weight, is good as a shady lady who binds all the plots, and today the filmmakers are going about four hours to bring an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann is doing it very economically. Western legends like Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (Will Geer played awfully) make a short Highlights of coastal rhythms, now legendary among western buffers, also deserves Stewart, though much associated with him, with western films, whether what really is his first West leading man, is here - yes he was De stry Rides Again for eleven years, but it was cast for this to comedy because he seemed so bad for the West!
